





1530. 




JOSEPH STANLEY
, 




ANN EDWARDS
, and 




MATILDA OZIER
 were indicted for

 feloniously assaulting 



Joseph Reynolds, on the 
6th if May, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his ill, 1 purse, value 3d.; 5 sovereigns, 1 £10 and 1 £5 bank-notes, and £ 5 promissory-note, his property; and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, beating, striking, and using personal Violence to him.






JOSEPH REYNOLDS
. I am a farmer, and live at Harmondsworth, in Middlesex. On Monday the 6th of May, between nine and ten o'clock at Night, I went into the King's Arms public-house at Longford, kept by. William Godfrey—I went into the tap-room with him, and saw Stanley sitting behind the door, and the two female prisoners—I was sober—after a short time I had occasion to go into the yard, and while there the two women came up, one on one side, and one on the other—what they said I don't recollect, but I pushed them away, and one of them said, "Let me—old gentleman"—I said, "I don't want you"—she directly put her hands round me, and began to feel about my person, and before I could button up, the other put her arm round my neck, and said, "I will kiss you," and then we all went down together—I fell under them, and one of them directly said, "Stanley, Stanley!"—I could not call out, because that woman laid across my chest—she threw her body across my chest—somebody came and fell on my legs—I expect it was Stanley—I then felt somebody's hands in my pocket—I had a 10l. and a 5l. note, 5 sovereigns, and a country 5l. note in a red purse in my fob pocket—I felt a hand in my fob pocket, and they tore the button off that it was buttoned with—I am sure I had that money in my fob before I went into the yard—I could feel it outside—I hung to their clothes, and when they got up it pulled me up, and I saw Stanley standing close behind them—whether he pushed

them or not, I cannot say, but I was pushed down again, and they all three ran away—I directly returned to the house—I saw the two women turn to the left hand, and Stanley to the right, out of the yard into the high road—I missed my money as soon as I got up—I held my breeches up as well as I could, and ran to the house, and complained of losing my money directly to the company in the house.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. You had been drinking? A. I had in the course of the day been on business—I had been successful in a poor-rate appeal, and was rather elated at it—that was over about one or two o'clock—this was five or six miles from Godfrey's house—I went with Godfrey after the appeal was over to the Ram, and four of us had a steak cooked and dined—I did not remain drinking at all at that house—we then went to the Sessions to hear the trials there, and then returned to the public-house—I did not drink at all there—near the station-house at Drayton we had two bottles of ginger beer—there was brandy put into the ginger beer—we went to the Sun at Harmondsworth, and had 8d. worth of brandy and water among four of us—Godfrey was threatened to be fined at the Sessions-house for being drunk—I was not so bad as he was—he had not been in my company all the time—he was in and out—we did not stop at the Debourg Arms, unless that is the house by the station-house—I did not drink four glasses of brandy and water—there were four of us to drink two 8d. worths of brandy and water—that is all I had before I went to Godfrey's—Godfrey and the clerk of the parish were with me—I don't know who the other was—I had no beer—I paid for one glass of brandy and water, and Godfrey for the other—I took the money out of my pocket, not out of my fob—I had 2s. or 3s. there—I put my purse into my fob when I was going to Uxbridge, after I started from home—I took the money, because I expected I should have to pay the rate and costs—I was twice in the Sessions-house—there were a great many people there—I did not stay long—I did not take out my purse after leaving the Sessions-house—when I got to Godfrey's I went into his bar to get some cold mutton—I was not tipsy then—I was as sober as I am now—I sat down on the form, and the prisoners came and sat by the side of me—I asked for a pint of half-and-half, which was brought—I drank once out of it, and never got it again—I did not ask them to drink, nor attempt any liberties with them—I think the ostler was out in the yard with my horse, but I am not certain—Spratley offered me a glass of gin, but I did not touch a drop of it—they asked me to be half a pint of gin, but I would not—some gin was brought, but I never took any—I think Spratley gave one of the female prisoners a glass—I will swear I drank none—I said I could not drink till I had my victuals, and after that I went out, and this happened—I swear I did not attempt any liberties with the women—I went out first—I did not notice Edwards go out before me—I did not find her in the yard when I went out—I went out at the front door and round into the yard—Ozier stood in the passage leading to the front door as I went out—I did not attempt to take any liberty there—I had a whip in my hand when I was eating my victuals, and one of the women took hold of it, and I took it out of her hand—I did not see Edwards in the yard when I went out—I was not in company with her in the yard before this happened, nor with either of them, I swear that—I saw the ostler there—he did not offer the stable for our accommodation—he said something, I did not take notice what—the women were there when he

said that—it Vas while they were attacking roe—the ostler was just by the side—just as he went away they came up to me—I was doing up my clothes, and I pushed them away—directly he was gone they seized me round the waist and threw me down—he went down the yard to go round into the house, I suppose, but I did not notice—I had no conversation with them before they attacked me—the women were standing within a yard of me when the ostler came by—I was saying I did not want any thing to do with them—I said so because they took liberties with me in their discourse—I do not think the ostler saw them take liberties, because when they saw him they drew back a little—they behaved impudently to me, asked if I wanted a woman, and so on—that was when I was behind the wagon—they were saying something to me when the ostler came by, but I did not take notice what—I was robbed thirty years ago, when I had my pocket picked at the top of Ludgate-hill—I never said I lost my watch and a 5l. note—my son did not find a watch in a dunghill—he found a 5l. country note in a dunghill, and I put it into my purse to take to Uxbridge, to see what country note it was—it was in my purse when I was robbed—I had had it for a month—it was found perhaps two months ago—it was quite dirty, and stained with the dung.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did the ostler say any thing to the women? A. He just spoke; I do not know what he said—he wanted to know whether we would go into the stable, and I said, "No; what the devil do you think I want to go into the stable for?" he said he was going to lock up—he then went away, leaving me and the women by the wagon—I think it was about five minutes after that that I went into the house, and complained of being robbed—I was thrown down, and when I was getting up I was pushed down backwards when I had got half-way up—when I got up I saw Stanley there, but whether it was him leaning on my legs I cannot say—I will swear he was in the yard—I saw him run out of the yard—they called for him when I was thrown down—I did not see him then, because one woman laid on the top of my chest—I saw him standing about two yards from the woman when I got up, and then I was pushed down a second time, and they ran away—the two women ran from the house, and Stanley ran by the front of the house towards London—I could see him run off—I ran out of the yard, and saw him turn up the road—that was before I went into the house to complain of being robbed, I told them the way he had run—the people directly said they knew where their bundles were.

MR.HORRY. Q. What is your age? A. I am turned sixty—the ostler was not in a situation to see any thing the females did to me, that I know of.





JOHN STEVENS
. I am ostler at the King's Arms, Longford. On Monday evening, the 6th of May, there were several people in the tap-room—I saw the prisoners there in the course of the evening—I was in and out—Stanley appeared in company with the females—he was talking with them—I saw Mr. Reynolds come in, and I attended to his horse—I afterwards saw these two women, one on each side of Mr. Reynolds, in the yard—I said something to him, I cannot recollect what—he said something to me, but I did not stop—I went on, and did my duty—I returned to the house after that—the prosecutor came into the house a few minutes after, and said he had lost his money—the prisoners were then gone.


Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Had you observed Reynolds in the tap-room before he went out? A. Yes—I cannot say whether he was with the female prisoners—he was near them—I do not recollect whether he was close to them—he had a pint of half-and-half—he was drinking by himself—he was not drinking with Stanley—I was not in the yard when Reynolds first came out—I went out to shut up the place—he was then standing up by the side of the wall, and the women were one on each side of him—his back was turned to the wall—he was not doing any thing to the women, nor they to him—they were standing quite still—I did not hear what they were saying—I do not recollect any thing passing about the stable—that was the only time I noticed Reynolds with the women—I was there when he and Godfrey came home—they came in a chaise—Godfrey was pretty free and lively in his conversation, a little fresh—Reynolds was not lively, he was a little fresh, but knew what he was about, I dare say.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You said something to Reynolds, but do not recollect what it was? A. Yes—it was a very few minutes after that that he came into the house—I went into the tap-room, and then out to look after the horse at the door—there were people in the taproom—he came into the tap-room, and began about his money directly—he said nothing about missing any body from the tap-room, that I know of—he did say he expected to find some body there, to my knowledge—he said something about Stanley being gone, but I cannot recollect what.

JURY. Q. Did you hear the women cry out for Stanley? A. No—I did not see Stanley at all in the yard—when I passed I went into the house.





JAMES SPRATLET
. I keep a public-house in Longford—the three prisoners came together to my house on Sunday, the 5th of May, and all three slept there—I saw them there on Monday, and they wanted to lodge there that night, but they did not return to sleep that night—Stanley returned about ten o'clock at night with another young man, but neither of the women, and fetched his things—there were bundles of various things, a hat tied in a handkerchief, and other things—I was at Godfrey's from eight o'clock till ten that evening, and saw the prisoners and prosecutor there.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Did you drink with Mr. Reynolds? A. Yes—we had three half-pints of gin—it went all round the room—the room was full—I paid for one, Mr. Reynolds for one, and Godfrey for one—I believe Reynolds drank some, but I am not positive—the two women were sitting by his side, and I sat by the side of them—Reynolds spoke to them—he seemed to be in pretty free conversation with them—one of the females had his whip playing with it—he appeared joking and talking with them—I did not hear him express anger at her having the whip—he seemed in good temper with them—I did not notice him go out, nor the females—I did not hear the conversation—I was not paying attention—I staid till Reynolds came back from the yard, and went home directly I heard what had happened, and Godfrey with me—I took Reynolds to be a little fresh and funny—I was there when he complained of losing his money.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you remain in the tap-room

after he and the women went out? A. Yes, and continued there till he returned and complained of being robbed.

COURT. Q. Was it after this that you saw the prisoners? A. I saw Stanley afterwards, but not the women—I heard the prosecutor charge them with being the persons who robbed him.

Q. How came you not to stop Stanley when he came to your house?

A. He did not charge Stanley with any thing, only the women—Stanley was not sitting near them—he was in another part of the room.

MR. DOANE. Q. Did Stanley come in before the women? A. Yes—he was there the greatest part of the afternoon, I think.

MR. HORRY. Q. Do you know whether Godfrey has received a subpoena for the prisoners? A. I believe he has—Stanley was there all the time Mr. Reynolds was out in the yard—he was there till after the cry-out that Reynolds had been robbed—there might be eight or ten persons in the room.





WILLIAM THOMPSON
. I am one of the horse patrol at Harlington Common. On Monday, the 6th of May, I received information of this robbery, and went in search of the prisoners—I took them into custody at Richmond, in Surrey, all three together—I searched Stanley, but found no money.
(The prosecutor's deposition being ready stated, "I go up, ran into the public-house, and discovered that Stanley was gone also;" it did not mention that Stanley was in the yard, or his being called for.)

STANLEY—


GUILTY
.* Aged 25.

EDWRDS—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

OZIER—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.
of robbery, without violence.—




Transported for Fifteen years.
