





1506. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of August
, 1 half-crown, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Adam 
                           Ewart
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
ADAM EWART. On the 25th of August I was on my way home, in Bow-street


, between twelve and one o'clock in the morning; I had been on the Surrey side of the water, and was walking home, with my hands in my pockets - the prisoner rushed out, and took hold of my arm; I took out my hands to push her away - I felt her take something from my pocket; I felt, and missed a half-crown - I seized her hand, and got this sixpence from her- I then called for assistance, and she gave me a severe bite on my arm; the Policeman came up, and took the half-crown from her.
Prisoner. We went up a court together, and he said he had lost 3s. - I said I had half a crown. Witness. No, we did not: I did not say so.


                  GEORGE 
                  RILEY
               



            . I took the prisoner, and found this half-crown in her right-hand.
Prisoner. Q. Did not I give you the half-crown? A. No, she refused.

Prisoner's Defence. I would not give it him because it was my own; I had met a gentleman in Lisle-street, who had given it to me - I then met the prosecutor, who took me up a court; I refused to stay there, and said there were houses enough - he then said, "What have you in your hand?" I said half a crown - he said, "It is mine, and there is a mark on it;" at the watch-house I saw the Policeman show it him, and he said, "There is no mark on it."


                  GEORGE 
                  RILEY
               



            . She said she had half a crown, and it was her own - I did not hear the prosecutor say there was any mark on it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
