





Second London Jury, Before Mr. Recorder.
140. 
               
                  
                     MARCUS 
                     BERKMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of November
, at St. Botolph, without, Aldgate, 3 necklaces, value 19s.; 12 pairs of spectacles, value 7s.; 60 pairs of ear-rings, value 6l.; 12 brooches, value 1l. 8s.; 17 shirt-pins, value 1l. 10s.; 4 pencil-cases, value 4s.; 18 thimbles, value 10s., and 1 wooden-box, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Jacobs
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Meyer 
                        Oppenheim
                     



.
The prisoner being a foreigner had the evidence interpreted to him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  JACOBS
               



            . I am a licensed hawker, and deal in jewellery
. I have known the prisoner some time; I saw him last year, and I saw him at Oxford once; I first saw him a twelvemonth ago - I went to live at No. 10, Ebenezer-square, in the city


, a month ago next Friday; the prisoner came there on the following day; he slept in the same room with me - I had a box containing valuable articles; I delivered it to the landlady to keep for me; the landlady slept in the same room as the box was in - I went to the synagogue on the following Monday; I was going into the country afterwards - I missed my box at eight o'clock on the 11th of November; it contained the property stated in the indictment, which was worth 20l. altogether; the seals were worth 2l.; the ear-rings were worth 5l. 10s.; I am sure they were worth more than 5l. - I have since seen the box; this is it (looking at it) - I have got back all the property except what the pawnbroker has, which is one necklace.


                  MEYER 
                  OPPENHEIM
               



            . I live at No. 10, Ebenezer-square, I don't know what parish it is in. Jacobs lodged in my house every time he came to London, and did so in November last; the prisoner also lodged in the same room at the same time - Jacobs delivered his box of trinkets to me to keep; I saw it last on Sunday night; I don't know the day of the month - I went to the synagogue at seven o'clock on Monday morning; the prisoner was then in the same room as I was; I left him there - Jacobs asked me for his box at eight o'clock on Monday morning and it was gone, and the prisoner had left the house; he never returned to the house of his own accord; he owed me 2s.


                  ANN 
                  ROSE
               



            . I live with Mrs. Mullet, in Leman-street. I saw the prisoner on Monday, the 11th of November, at Mrs. Mullet's, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning; he asked if Mrs. Mullet had a room to let; he spoke in English; I thoroughly understood him; Mrs. Mullet appeared to understand him; she spoke to him in English - she said she had a room, but it was empty, and she did not think it would suit him, but she could not accommodate him with a bed - he said then he should like to see the room, and he would go out in the afternoon and buy a bed - he had this box with him when he came; he said he had lost the key of his box and could not open it; he asked Mrs. Mullet if she could give him anything that could open the box - Mrs. Mullet said no, she had nothing; and she said then she would lend him a long nail; he then went up-stairs into the room - I went up immediately after and saw the box open in the room - he asked me if I would pledge four rows of coral beads for him, because he had no money about him; I did so; I pawned them at Mr. Sowerby's, in Cable-street, for 5s.; I gave the money to the prisoner - I did not see him open the box; the prisoner afterwards gave me a pair of ear-rings; I gave them up to the officer afterwards - I saw several articles inside the box, I could not see what they were; I saw ear-rings, beads, spectacles, thimbles, and a good many articles - there were a good many ear-rings, I could not see what number; I saw some shirt-pins, pencil-cases, combs, and a black necklace - the prisoner was taken in custody on Monday night, between ten and eleven o'clock.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SOWERBY
               



            . I live at No. 81, Cable-street. I received a hank of beads in pledge from Ann Rose, for 5s.; I have them here - it was on Monday, the 11th of November; I knew her before, as dealing at the shop.


                  CHARLES 
                  PALMER
               



            . (policeman H 83). I apprehended the prisoner in a second-floor front-room, in Leman-street, between ten and eleven o'clock on the 11th of November - he asked me what I wanted before he opened the door; I told him my business was respecting a box of jewellery; he replied that he knew nothing about it - I found the box in the same room; this is it, and it contained the articles which are now in it - I searched him and found two pairs of coral earrings, the duplicate of the coral necklace, and 2s., on him; and as I was bringing him out of the house, the prosecutor came in and claimed the articles; Rose came up and gave me the ear-rings - the box had been broken open; I asked if he had the key; he said he had not got it - I know Ebenezer-square, it is in the parish of St. Botolph, without, Aldgate.(Property produced and sworn to).



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
