





860. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SHAW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April
, 1 silver snuff-box, value 5l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Crockford
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  CROCKFORD
               



            . I am an estate agent
. On the 13th of April I was getting into a cab - the prisoner pushed by me, and I struck at him; I put my hand to my coat pocket, and found I had lost my snuff-box - I saw him going towards Sackville-street, and then he began to run - I ran, caught him, and found the box in his hand; he had taken it from his pocket.
Prisoner. Q. Did you feel me take it out of your pocket? A. Yes, that I did.



                  JOSHUA 
                  FREDERICK CLEMENTS
               



            . I took the prisoner. This is the box.
Prisoner's Defence (written). As I was coming down Bond-street


, I observed two men following a gentleman; my suspicions induced me to watch them - I followed them as close as I could, and saw the gentleman get into a coach; the said men were close to the carriage - I did not observe any thing wrong; turned round, walked a few paces, and then run - I saw them drop a box, which I picked up; a cry of Stop thief! was raised; the men got out of sight - I was returning with the box, which I gave him, and stated the case to him, but would hear nothing.
JURY to 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  CROCKFORD
               



            . Q. Did he come towards you? A. No, he ran from me, and I called Stop thief! I am certain he ran against me as I was getting into the cab.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
