





First Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
616. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of February
, 3 collars. value 14s.; 2 caps, value 7s.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 6s.; 1 necklace, value 6s.; 1 pair of bracelets, value 10s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 3s.; 1 pair of scissors, value 1s.; 1 pin-cushion, value 3d.; 6 tortoiseshell combs, value 3s., and 1 bed-gown, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Battcher
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  CAROLINE 
                  BATTCHER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Battcher
               



             - we keep a shop in the jewellery line
, in Hanway-street


. The prisoner was about four weeks in my service - we gave her warning, and she left on the 18th of February; I missed some articles, and went the next day with an officer to her father's; she was present - I charged her with stealing jewellery - she said she had nothing belonging to me; I found part of this property in her box, and the rest in a clothes bag which hung on the wall - she said she certainly had taken them, and was very sorry.


                  JOHN 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, and went to the prisoner's; she at first denied having any thing, and afterwards said she was very sorry - I produce the articles.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. She gave me three handkerchiefs out of her drawers by mistake for my own, when I was coming away; the handkerchiefs she owns are not hers; I had none of hers.
MRS. BATTECHER. These are not pocket-handkerchiefs - there were three pocket-handkerchiefs also, which are mine; I did not give them to her; I received a good character with her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
