





Second London Jury, before 
               
                  John 
                  Mirehouse
               



            , Esq.
1090. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MUSK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of May
, 2 pair of shoes, value 11s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Johnson
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. William Johnson, boot and shoemaker
, No. 102, Bishopsgate-street


. On the 22nd of May, I was in his shop about half-past two o'clock; I saw the prisoner and another man near the shop - I then saw the prisoner looking in at the window; he was there for several minutes; I then missed him all on a sudden - I looked to the inside of the door where goods were hanging for sale, and missed two pair of men's shoes; it struck me the prisoner had got them - I went out, and on casting my eyes toward Norton Falgate, I saw the prisoner and the other man running - I pursued the prisoner and collared him; he undid his apron and threw these shoes down; a person who was passing took them up - they are my master's property, and have my mark on them - they had been safe at the door while the prisoner was looking in at the window; they are worth 11s.


                  JOHN 
                  CASTELL
               



             (City police-constable, No. 32). I was on duty, and the prisoner was given into my charge at the prosecutor's shop, with these shoes.


                  FREDERICK 
                  PRINCE
               



             (City police-constable, No. 79). I have a certificate (which I got from Mr. Clark's office,) of the conviction of the prisoner on the 29th of November, by the name of Thomas Green - I appeared against the prisoner, and know he is the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
