





7. 




WILLIAM TURVEY
 and 




WILLIAM SHILLINGWORTH,

alias Daintry,

 were indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering a certain building, within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 



John Hope Johnstone, on the 
11th of November, at Teddington, and stealing therein, 13 fowls, price 1l.6s.; one turkey, price 10s.; and 1 pig, price 1l.6s.; his property.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN HOPS JOHNSTONE
. I live at Broomfield Cottage, Teddington, in Middlesex, and keep poultry in a large building, tiled, secured by bolts, and a lock outside—it joins on to part of a wall, running from my house, and then a hedge surrounds the building and the house—there is a complete fence all round—I locked the building myself about six o'clock on Saturday night, the 11th of November—I had twenty-one fowls there—I examined the pig-stye—there was a black pig safe there—about eight o'clock the next morning I found a staple of a large bar, which partly confined the hen-house, taken away, part of the tiles and lathing removed, and a large bell removed from inside the door—it had evidently been broken open—I found the yard strewed over with feathers, and the heads of three fowls lying there, with the skin of the whole neck attached to them—a good deal of blood was sprinkled about the door—I found inside, near the opening of the roof, a striped cap, which I gave to Cook, the officer, with the heads of the fowls—I missed thirteen fowls and a turkey-cock—I examined the pig-stye and found the bolt drawn, and a hurdle on the top of it moved, and missed a black pig, about five stone and a half—I observed, immediately opposite the pig-stye, impressions of feet, very complete, and traced them into an adjoining meadow—I was present when Cook brought a shoe which fitted one foot-mark, particularly as to a large nail in the centre of the shoe—there were evident marks of two persons, one smaller than the other.





RICHARD WILLIAM COOK
. I am an inspector of the Borough police at Kingston on Thames. I accompanied Mr. Johnstone to his house, and examined the premises—I received from him a woollen striped cap—I made inquiry, and apprehended the prisoners at their lodgings at Hampton Wick, between twelve and one o'clock in the day, on Sunday the 12th—they lodged together—I found Turvey sitting on a chair before the fire, asleep—there was a pot on the fire, with something boiling in it—Shillingworth was on the bed in the room above, with all his clothes on except his shirt and shoes—his shirt was being washed—there was a pan in the room—I found a quantity of joints of pork mangled in an unseemly way—there was some black hair on the joints—some of the inner parts were quite warm—it had been pressed into the pan, but not salted—I called Pigrum, another constable in, and took the prisoners into custody—I asked them who the pork belonged to, and Turvey said it belonged to him—I asked how he came by it—he said, "Fair and honest"—I said, "Can you tell me who you bought it of?"—he said, "I growed It"—there was no pig-stye there—two fowls were boiling in the pot on the fire, they appeared to have the heads torn off close to the throat, and the skin torn off the breast—all the feathers and flesh of the neck were off—I observed that the heads were without necks, and the fowls have necks without skins—I found some baskets in the house, and one of them with some fresh blood, scarcely cold, and some fowls' feathers and a bill-hook, which appeared to have been recently used to chop up some meat—I took off Shillingworth's left shoe, and in Mr. Johnston's presence, with a pair of dividers, I tried the distance

from the top of the heel to the toe, and the mark of the nail in the centre, and have no doubt, from the measure and appearance of the impression, that the shoe had made it—on a table near to where Turvey was I found a sword or sabre—the floor of that room was quite wet, evidently recently washed, and a quantity of black pig's hair was sticking to the floor—before I went up stairs I asked Turvey where Shillingworth was—he said he did not know any thing of him—I found only one cap, and no hat—on examining the parts and putting them together, I consider there is the whole carcase of a pig except the head and feet—I observed some red marks about Shilling worth's browsers, as if he had been wiping his Angers—I considered that to be blood, but he said before the Magistrate it was paint—it was evidently the marks of three fingers.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you take Turvey's shoe to compare the marks? A. No.





WILLIAM PIGRUM
. I am beadle of Hampton Wick Hamlet On Sunday, the 12th, Mr. Cook produced a cap to me—I know Shillingworth wore such a cap as that—I have known him many years—I do not know anybody else in the neighbourhood who wears such a cap—I went with Cook to Turvey's house—I have heard Cook's evidence—it is correct—Turvey has always lived there, and his father before him.





WILLIAM MARSHALL
. I keep the Swan, at Hampton Wick. On Saturday, the 11th, I saw both the prisoners at my house—they left about nine o'clock, and returned in half an hour—one left about half-past ten, and the 'other about five minutes before eleven o'clock—they were drinking together—they came again on Sunday morning, about twenty minutes after seven o'clock, and I believe a man named Fendall with them—they stopped ten or fifteen minutes.

Cross-examined. Q. There was nothing remarkable about them? A. Not at all—Turvey was in the habit of coming to my house, which is about a quarter of a mile from Johnston's, and about twenty-five yards from Turvey's.





MARY ATKINS
. My husband keeps a beer shop in Hampton Wick. On Saturday night, between ten and eleven o'clock, on the 11th of November, I saw the prisoners at my house—they come there sometimes—I lad a watch in my bosom at the time—(looking at the cap)—I have seen Shillingworth wear a cap of this kind, but I cannot swear this is the: cap.

TURVEY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 20

SHILLINGWORTH*—


GUILTY
 Aged 22.




Transported for Ten Years.
