






865.
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BIRCH
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Trueman
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  TRUEMAN
               



            . I am a merchant
, and live in Bishopsgate-street. On the 1st of March, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was nearly opposite the North gate of St. Paul's cathedral


, going towards Templebar - my handkerchief was in my outside coat pocket; I did not feel it taken - a gentleman behind gave me information; I felt and missed it - I immediately saw the prisoner Birch in Canon-alley, walking very quick; I laid hold of him - he denied the charge, and in about five minutes I saw Jones in custody of my friend, who had pursued him, and produced my handkerchief.


                  MATTHEW 
                  BRUNATTI
               



            . I live in Vale-street, Camberwell. I was in St. Paul's church-yard, and saw the prosecutor and a gentleman walking before me, and the prisoners walking behind them; I was standing talking to a gentleman, and saw one of them stoop and take up the tail of the prosecutor's coat; he put his hand into the pocket, and I saw him draw something out, which I believe was a handkerchief - I ran and told the gentleman; he stopped one of them in Canon-alley - I saw them both in the watch-house in a few minutes, and am certain of them. I am a sugar-refiner.
Birch. Q. Did you see me in company with the other prisoner? A. No.
JURY. Q. Could you see which took the handkerchief? A. No, but I am sure it was one of them - it was dark, but I was near the shops; people were passing.


                  JOHN 
                  MORLEY
               



            . I am a hosier. I was in St. Paul's church-yard, with Mr. Trueman; Brunatti informed me Mr. Trueman's pocket was picked, and pointed up Canon-alley - I immediately looked, and there was nobody in the court but the prisoners - Mr. Trueman took Birch, and I secured Jones in a court between Paternoster-row and Newgate-street; I saw him drop the handkerchief - a boy standing by took it up and gave it to me; he said nothing; I said, "This is the boy who has got the handkerchief;" Trueman immediately let go of Birch, and seized Jones - Birch immediately ran off as hard as he could, but was secured; I have no doubt of him. I live in Wood-street.


                  JOHN 
                  LAWS
               



            . I am a constable. I received the prisoners in charge - I found on Jones four picklock and two latch-keys.
Birch's Defence. My running away may tend to prove my guilt, but I delare my innocence.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
BIRCH - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
