





1525. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BARNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Deudney
                        




                     
                  , from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DOUGLAS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Woodhill, of St. Paul's church-yard


. On the 23rd of May I saw the prisoner and some others standing together, about a quarter before ten o'clock at night, lurking about; the prisoner passed on, and picked the prosecutor's pocket; he took up the tail of his coat, took out the handkerchief, and gave it to another, who ran away with it - I told the prosecutor, and he pursued the one who ran off; I held the prisoner till he returned.
Prisoner. Q. What sort of a handkerchief was it? A. A silk handkerchief; the prosecutor brought it back in his hand.
Prisoner. I had another handkerchief in my hand, and she said that was it. Witness. No, I did not; I saw you pass the prosecutor's handkerchief to another person, who ran off with it.


                  GEORGE 
                  DEUDNEY
               



            . I am a coal-merchant
. I was in St. Paul's church-yard - Mr. Douglas told me the prisoner had picked my pocket, and given my handkerchief to another - I pursued the other, and saw him drop my handkerchief, which I took up; when I came back she had the prisoner in custody.
Prisoner's Defence. I never had the handkerchief, nor saw it till it was before the Alderman - I was returning from Ratcliff-highway, and saw a mob; I went up, and this woman laid hold of my collar - she accused me ofpicking the pocket - she then saw a man run up a street; the prosecutor pursued him - he dropped the handkerchief, and the prosecutor brought it back; I stood at the corner till he returned - I know nothing of the robbery.


                  JOHN 
                  NESBITT
               



             (Police-constable E 6). I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office - I was present at his trial, and know he is the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
