



2564. 




JOHN HOGAN
 was indicted

for stealing, on 
10th of August, 1 watch, value 15s.; 2 seals, value 15s.; and one guard-chain, value 2d., the goods of 



Henry Baylis.



MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY BAYLIS
. I am a corn-chandler, and live in High-street, Borough, This watch and seals are mine—I saw them safe last on the 10th of August, about two o'clock in the day, hanging on a hook, by the side of the counting-house fire-place—I missed them about four o'clock—just before then an accident led me to go out—I left no one in the counting-house and about two hours after I missed them—they were worth about 30s.





WILLIAM BALLARD
. I was an officer of Bow-street. I went to No 73, Compton-street, and found some property in the second-floor room there—while there, the prisoner came into the room—I detained him—I searched him, and found this watch, guard and chain—he said it was his father's or that he got it from his father—seeing that it was a pinchbeck watch, I thought it might be so, and returned it—Fletcher took him to Bow-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Had not he a pair of trowsers under his arm? A. No, he said he was come for a coat, but finding another person claimed it, he said he had come for a pair of trowsers.





ABRAHAM FLETCHER
. I took the prisoner, to Bow-street. On his way there he said the watch belonged to his father.





GEORGE DAVIS
. I am an assistant jailer at Bow-street. On the 22nd of August, in the afternoon, I was taking the prisoner with some other to the van—as he came to the door of the office, he passed this watch with the chain to a man who stood outside, who immediately put it in his right hand trowsers pocket—I caught hold of him, and said I must take him to the office—he passed the watch to a woman, but I succeeded in getting it—this is it.





CAROLINE LINSET
. I lodge in the back-room on the second floor, at No. 73, Compton-street. Freegrove and some other persons resided in the front room—I have seen the prisoner there at all hours, night and day, sometimes.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.—(See Page 809.)
