





90. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of November
, 20 pairs of shoes, value 2l.; 50 pairs of upper-leathers, value 50s.; 3 pairs of boots, value 9s.; 10 yards of linen, value 7s.; 2 pairs of bootlegs, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of pattens, value 7d.; 20 yards of galloon, value 1s.; 12 laces, value 1s., and 5 lbs. of leather-cuttings, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Spencer
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
THOMAS SPENCER. I am a shoemaker
. The prisoner was in my employ as a journeyman
 for eight or nine months - I paid him 1l. a week; he had access to the property which I state to be lost - I know he lived in Phoenix-street, Hackney-road; I had seen the house, and he said it was his - on the 14th of November, I went to search his house, with three officers; the officers found a number of pairs of shoes, with some raw materials which I believe to be mine, but I cannot swear to them - I had taken the prisoner into custody on the morning before.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long had the prisoner been in your service? A. I believe between eight and nine months - he has, by chance, had a pair or two of shoes made to measure - he told me had some kid skins, at a time when I wanted some, and I had a few of them of him; I paid him 3s. more for them than I was giving at the warehouse for them - I had some satin uppers of him - I have pawned my own things in my own name, but never in the name of Brown - when the prisoner was taken, he gave up his bunch of keys, and offered every facility for searching his place - he said, he lived at No. 13, Phoenix-street, and he has asked me to come there; if I had gone there, I might have seen anything that might have been there, but I had no suspicion.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROWLAND
               



             (police-constable). I went to the prisoner's house, and found these six pair of small boots, between the bed and the bed-tick; this linen in the drawer; there were two duplicates which led to a pawnbrokers, where these five pairs were found; these upper leathers were in a box, which I had the key of.


                  GEORGE 
                  TEAKLE
               



            . I found a number of duplicates; there was one for the shoes which the pawnbroker produces.


                  SARAH 
                  BECKWITH
               



            . I have been in the habit of going to the prisoner's house for some weeks - and about five weeks ago I picked up two duplicates in the fire-place; I took them to Mr. Spencer; I have seen shoes there repeatedly concealed under the bed, when I have gone there to make it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did the prisoner's son visit them? A. I had seen him there once - I was sweeping up the place when I found the duplicates - I was not rummaging in the fire-place - I did not give them to the prisoner in the house because I thought the prosecutor was being robbed; I had seen the prisoner's daughter go to pawn shoes - I had had no quarrel with them - I was not regularly employed there; I went to do a little needle-work.


                  THOMAS 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I received the duplicates from this witness; I went for the shoes and can identify them as mine - I believe most of these materials are mine.
Cross-examined. Q. How do you know the shoes? A. Because I know the man who made them - I have no private mark on them but I know them as well as I know my children - I could pick them out of a thousand dozen - I have no mark on them - I will not swear they had not been sold in my shop.


                  GEORGE 
                  REDFORD
               



            . I made these shoes for the prosecutor.
Cross-examined. Q. How many pairs of this description have you made? A. I cannot tell; these might have been sold.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HEWITT
               



            . I am a pawnbroker and live in Hackney-road; I have three pair of shoes and one pair of boots, pawned in the name of Taylor; this parcel was pawned by a young woman, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Taylor
               



            .
Cross-examined. Q. Has Mr. Spencer ever pawned shoes at your house? A. Yes; some months ago in the name of Spencer.
Witness for Defence.


                  LYDIA 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I am a wife of the prosecutor. I know the prisoner has purchased some brown linings and he has had several pairs of shoes, for persons he has got an order from, and my husband allowed him the retail profit.


                  Goliah 
                  Gray
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Poole
               



            , 
               
                  Charles 
                  Cooke
               



            , and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Jackson
               



            , gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 50 - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
