



2340. 




WILLIAM HARRIS
 was indicted

for feloniously forging, on the 
17th of September, at 
St. Marylebone, a certain order for the payment of £8 8s., with intent to defraud 



Thomas Benjamin Way,—2nd COUNT, for uttering the same with like intent,—Other Counts, varying the manner of laying the charge.






THOMAS BENJAMIN WAY
. I am a butcher, and live in Wigmore-street, Marylebone. I knew the prisoner, as being porter to Mr. Freeman, the wax-chandler—on Saturday, the 17th of September, he came to my shop produced a cheque to me for £8 8s., and said Mr. Freeman would be obliged by my cashing the cheque—I remarked that is was not Mr. Freeman's hand-writing—he replied without hesitation that it was his son's—I was not acquainted with the son's writing—I knew Mr. Freeman had a son—I cashed it—I gave the prisoner eight sovereigns and 8s—this is the cheque—I paid it away—the same evening to the trade, of the name of Randall.





EDWARD FREEMAN
. I am a wax-chandler, and live in Wigmore—street. This cheque is not my writing, nor my son's nor was it written by any body by my authority—the prisoner had lived in my service for three years as errand-boy—he left me ten months before this occurrence—he never wrote cheques for me—he had been in the habit of seeing my cheques so as to know my writing—I have given him cheques to pay bills—this cheque is drawn, "Pay to house"—that was the way I used to draw for house expenses—it is drawn on Herries and Farquhar, who are my bankers.





RICHARD HOSKINS
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on the 18th of September, at No. 30, Gloster-street, Lambeth—I took him to the station-house, and found a silver watch on him, to duplicates, and 14s. 10d.—I received some spoiled cheques from another constable—I did not find them in the prisoner's possession—I went to Mr. Way the same day—the policeman is not here who gave me the spoiled cheques—the prisoner was put back into a room while a charge was taken against another man who was suspected, and the cheques were found in the fire-place in the room, but not by me—there was nobody in the room but the prisoner and the constable—the prisoner was not asked any questions about them.





EDWARD FREEMAN

re-examined. I think the cheque is like the

prisoner's hand-writhing—I believe it to be his—the name of "Freeman," and "Pay house, "




GUILTY. of uttering only. Aged 17.—


Transported for Life.
Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
