





NEW COURT. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 30.
Fifth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
58. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BOYER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of October
, 4 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Rennie
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  RENNIE
               



            . I am a sailor
, and belong to the brig Bridget, of Sunderland. On the 29th of October I was at the Coach and Horses, public-house, Shadwell - the prisoner was there - I had known her before; I gave her a glass of gin, and had a pint of porter myself: I changed a sovereign - I got 19s. in silver, and put it into my pocket; I left, and wanted to go on board, but the prisoner followed me; I ran from her, but she overtook me - I went home with her - she wanted me to stop, but I would not; I said,"I must away;" I sat down on the bed-side with her, and might have been ten minutes funning and joking; I then said, "I must away," and she was then very agreeable to let me go; when I had got a few yards from the door I missed 7s. - I had only 12s. left; I am sure I had the 19s. when I went into the house - I had not given her any money, nor promised her any; I had not put my hand into my pocket while I was in the house; no one else had an opportunity of taking it; I was never in any company but hers - I went to a house opposite, where I found her, with two or three more; I said to her, "If you don't return that money to me, I will call the Police;" she said I might, she did not care for me nor them - I strnggled with her, and one shilling dropped at her feet; I picked that up, and still asked her to be so good as to give me my money; she said she had taken no money, but I said she had; she then took something from her stocking, and put it into her month - I called in the Police, who overhauled her, and 1s. 6d. dropped from her; when the Policeman came in she took something from her mouth, and put it on the chair.
Prisoner. He gave me the half-crown, and promised to give me half a crown more to sleep with me. Witness. No, I did not.
COURT. Q. How came you to go home with her? A. I could not get rid of her before; it was about eight o'clock in the evening.


                  GEORGE 
                  HARRISON
               



             (Police-constable K 64). I heard the cry of Police! I went to the house in a court in Bluegate-fields; I saw the prisoenr there - I asked what she had done with the man's money; she said he had given her no money, and she had no money - she was sitting on a chair, and one of her stockings was off; I searched her, and one shilling I received from the prosecutor - the prisoner said they had been to another room, but did not give any reason how the prosecutor could have lost his money; she was affected with liquor.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
