





535. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SWIFT
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for a like offence
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROSE
               



            . I am a pork-butcher, and live in China-walk, Westminster-road. I was applied to by Myers to assist in taking the prisoner - I was introduced to the prisoner for the purpose of purchasing base coin of him, on the 31st of January
; I met him again by appointment on the 1st of February, in Eagle-court, St. John's-lane


, opposite the White Swan - Myers and Gollocker went with me; they had previously searched me, and given me seven shillings, all in shillings, to purchase of the prisoner - I had no other money; I got the seven shillings in the White Swan - I met the prisoner opposite there, and went with him into Eagle-court, when he gave me a paper parcel, and I gave him the seven shillings; I was going to open the paper - he said, "Don't do that - you will have somebody see you;" I said, "There is no one here;" I held them out for Myers to see them, and said, "The edges are very bad;" the prisoner said, "Get a good half-crown, and rub them, and they will do very well;" I gave the same money to the officers in about five minutes - they had not been out of my hand till I gave them to the officers; the prisoner behaved very well - he called for a quartern of gin at the Blue Posts, and paid for it - he said he should see me another day.


                  JAMES 
                  GOLLOCKER
               



            . I am a constable of Lambeth. I went with Myers and Rose; I gave Rose seven shillings to purchase twelve counterfeit half-crowns of the prisoner- he went out while we sat in a box in the tap-room; I had before searched Rose, and he had no money but what we gave him - I saw him meet the prisoner at the corner of Eagle-court; they went down, and stood about two minutes together - I saw the prisoner give Rose a paper, and Rose gave him something; Rose held the parcel in his hand, and it appeared to contain something - Myers has the money.


                  RICHARD 
                  MYERS
               



            . I went with these two witnesses, whose evidence is correct - I searched Rose when he came back, and he had nothing but these twelve half-crowns, which I produce.



                  GEORGE 
                  DEWER
               



            . I took up the prisoner in Playhouseyard, on the 4th of February - he was in bed with a woman, whom he called his wife; I found this metal at the bottom of the fire-place, and this pipkin was on the hob, with a little metal in it; I found these moulds on the grate, and here is a bit of sand-paper, which has a little of the metal on it.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . These half-crowns are all bad, and of the same description as the others; this appears like metal, which, in a state of fusion, had fallen through the grate - it is the same metal as the coin is made of - these appear parts of a mould, in which such coin is cast - I can discover on them, with a glass, the faint remains of one or two letters which the coins bear.
Prisoner's Defence. When I met Rose there was another man in company with him, and I ought to have been detected at the time if I had offered them - I never had them, nor ever sold them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
