





2258. 




JEREMIAH M'CARTHY,



 THOMAS DOROTHY
, and 




JOHN NEEDHAM
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
30th of September, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 



Henry William Denman, from his person.






HENRY WILLIAM DENMAN
. I am a fruiterer, and live in Blackfriars-road. On Sunday evening, the 30th of September, between six and seven o'clock, I was on Blackfriars-bridge—I felt a slight pull at my pocket—I turned, and saw the three prisoners proceeding quickly from me—I put my hand into my pocket, and missed my handkerchief—the prisoners were five or six yards from me—I did not notice any one nearer to me than them—I told the beadle of the bridge—I followed the prisoners—they went a little way, came back, and I followed them to Ludgate-hill, and saw them attempt another pocket—they were all three in company—one followed behind the other two—in Bridge-street, Needham took a handkerchief, and I told the gentleman of it—I gave information to a policeman—I took M'Carthy, and the officer took the other two—M'Carthy had my handkerchief on him at the station-house, and another, claimed by Mr. Jackson.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. The beadle told them to go about their business? A. Yes—he struck them with the cane, and then they went off.

COURT. Q. How far was it from where you lost your handkerchief, till you saw Mr. Jackson? A. It was some considerable distance—Needham took Mr. Jackson's handkerchief and gave it to M'Carthy—they went to Ludgate-hill, and then turned back to Bridge-street—it was a quarter of in hour or twenty minutes from the time I first saw them till they were taken—they continued together all the time.





WILLIAM JACKSON
. I saw the three prisoners together when they were taken.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A plasterer—I have never been a witness before.





ADAM SPARY
 (City police-constable, No. 38.) I took Needham and Dorothy into custody—M'Carthy was a short distance behind them—Denman took him.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe Dorothy walked quietly with you? A. Yes—said, "Don't collar me"—he went quietly. (Property produced and sworn to.)


M'Carthy's Defence. I went to the Borough, and this boy brought me the handkerchief—I did not know where he got it from.

Needham's Defence. I was walking on the bridge, and saw these two boys walking together—we then went on to Farringdon-street, and when we got there I was taken.
(Dorothy received a good character.)

M'CARTHY—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.

DOROTHY—



GUILTY. Aged 15. Recommended to mercy by the jury,






Confined Three Months.

NEEDHAM*—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.
