





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
1219. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ELLIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 2 packing-cases, value 8s.; 2 yards of canvas, value 1s. 6d.; 2712 pairs of gloves, value 212l. 5s.; 6 bottles, value 2s.; and 9 pints of seidlitz water, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dent
                        




                     
                   and others
            .
MR. BODKIN conducted the Prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAW
               



            . I am warehouseman to Messrs. John and William Dent and another, in Friday-street - they have a house of business at Worcester. On the 23rd of June - I remember packing two wooden cases, and one truss - they contained among other things one hundred and ninety dozen pair of gloves, worth 212l. - there was some seidlitz water - I was present when they were taken from the warehouse that day - I was at the desk, but I did not notice who they were delivered to - they were directed to "Dent and Co., Worcester, from the Rose Inn, Farringdon-street, by van" - Pedley was in the habit of calling for things to be carried to the different waggon offices.


                  JOHN 
                  BOUCHER
               



            . I am an apprentice to Dent and Co. On Saturday the 23rd of June, I remember about four o'clock in the afternoon a person calling for packages to go to Worcester - there were two cases and a truss - I did not know the men who came - I had not seen either of them before - to the best of my knowledge the prisoner was one of them - when they came in, they said, they had come for the cases for Worcester - I cannot say which of them said that - it is the custom to have a book signed for the things - one of them signed it - the book is here - it is signed 
               
                  John 
                  Edwards
               



             - I believe the prisoner to he the man who signed the book - I gave it to him to sign, and was close by him when he signed it - I believe he is the person - the packages were delivered - a cart was brought to the door - I saw John Robinson in the cart - the persons who came in put the cases and truss into the cart - they were told to take them to the Rose Inn, Farringdon-street - I did not see them start - I knew 
               
                  William 
                  Pedley
               



             at that time as a porter at the Carron-wharf - he was not present on this occasion - he was afterwards tried here - he had an opportunity of knowing what parcels we had to go to Worcester.
Cross-examined. Q. This is more than a year ago? A. It is; I do not speak positively to the prisoner; he was apprehended before, he was at the Mansion-house last summer; I saw him there; I was unable to swear to him; I said I thought I should know him if he had his hairy cap on as I thought he had one on when he came to the warehouse; I don't remember the Lord Mayor ordering his cap to be put on; I never swore I believe he was not the man, he was discharged.
MR. BODKIN. Q. You don't swear to him now? A. No, I only speak to the best of my belief; Robinson was not present to give evidence when he was discharged.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . In June, 1832, I was in the service of Mr. Elston, a carter. On Saturday afternoon, 23rd of June, I was going home with my cart, and the prisoner met me on Dowgate-hill, and asked if I was for hire, I said I was - he asked me to go and do a job for him; he took me to the corner of Friday-street


, to Mr. Dent's - nobody was with him then (William Pedley and Wall went across while I was loading there,) - Ellis went into Dent's, and in a minute or two, two cases and a truss were brought out; I could not read the direction - they were two square cases and a truss covered with canvas - I was ordered to turn to the left, towards Newgate-street, by Ellis' - I went about twenty yards in that direction, and then Ellis ordered me to turn about, and drive to Smith's, in Castle-alley, Whitechapel - I did so; and as I went along Pedley and Wall were about twenty yards off - and when I got to Castle-alley, Pedley and Wall had got there before me - the packages were deliverd there, and Ellis paid me ten shillings.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know him before? A. By seeing him walk up and down by the Docks - I mentioned this when Pedley was tried; I stated it to Lee, the officer, near twelve months ago; I was taken up for it, and was in custody ten weeks, and came from gaol to give evidence against Pedley - Ellis put the property into the cart himself - I was up in the cart all the time - I was not present when Ellis was examined, some time ago - I heard nothing of it - I was taken up nearly twelve months ago - I might know Ellis before by passing backwards and forwards about the Dock - I am positive of his person.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  ALLCROFT
               



            . I am one of the firm, and manage the business, at Worcester - I never received these packages and truss; they never arrived; we received the packages and truss; they never arrived; we received the invoice by another parcel, by coach.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer. When I apprehended Pedley and Robinson, on the 21st of September, I went to apprehend the prisoner, but he had left his house - I searched for him several weeks and months, but could not discover him - he was not at the Mansion-house on this charge - it was on another charge.

COURT. Q. How do you know it was his house you searched? A. When he was brought to the office, a woman, who passed as his wife, at his lodging, was there - I never saw him at the lodging; I never saw him till he was apprehended - he kept moving about.


                  JOHN 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner last Friday week, in Back-church-lane, St. George's - I said, I wanted him on suspicion of robbery, at Messrs. Dents, of Cheapside - he said, he knew he had done nothing of the kind and was not afraid to go with me - I knew him before the robbery was committed, and had endeavoured to find him.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know where he lived? A. I know within a few doors; I had not seen him in his own house - he lived in Helen-court, Helen-street - I have seen him go up that court, but don't know the house.


                  JOHN 
                  BLOOMFIELD
               



            . I keep a waggon office, at the Rose Inn, Farringdon-street, and did so in June, 1832. I know that on the 23rd of June I received no packages of this sort, from Dent & Co. - there was a small package, brought about eight or nine o'clock at night, but no square packages or truss.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you the only person superintending the business? A. No; I have sons and have a clerk - I was not at home all day, but I have inspected the books - the books are not here now.
MR. BODKIN. Q. If they had been brought to you, you would have forwarded them? A. Certainly.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LORD
               



             re-examined. On the same day as the packages were delivered I sent a small case to be sent by a van, from Blossoms-inn, and the invoice of these goods was inclosed in it.
Prisoner's Defence. I never absconded since I was apprehended before, and acquitted - this man says, Wall was in the robbery - he knows himself he has seen that man several times, and he knows him to be innocent; he took him for another man - I have worked at the West India Docks ever since April - Robinson has been transported for seven years himself; he received 15s. from Pedley; Pedley told me so himself.
JOHN ROBINSON. I received the money from the prisoner himself - I was transported twenty-one years ago.
JURY. Q. How long have you known the prisoner before the transaction? A. I might have known him about twelve months - I know him perfectly well - I used to see him walking backwards and forwards about the Docks - I knew him by name and person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
