





951. 




ROBERT LOFTHOUSE,



 THOMAS LEONARD
, and 




ELIZABETH LEONARD
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the warehouse of 



Caleb Pizzie, at 
St. Luke's, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 960 sheets of wadding, value 10l.; 221lbs. weight of cotton, value 4l. 4s.; 4 bags, value 2s.; and 2 baskets, value 1l.; his goods.






CALEB PIZZIE
. I keep a wadding and cotton warehouse at No. 32, Bunhill-row, St. Luke's. On the 23rd of February, about eight o'clock in the morning, I received information from one of my servants, and immediately went to the warehouse—I found the door forced open, and missed about seven gross of wadding, about 2cwt. of cotton, and two baskets, worth, together, 15l.—the baskets were found on the premises, but they were moved from their place.





WILLIAM HARDICK
. I am in the employ of the prosecutor, at his manufactory

in Coleman-street, leading out of Bunhill-row—it is a wadding manufactory. On Friday, the 23rd of February, I shut up manufactory, and locked it—I put the key into my pocket, and took it home with me—I went next morning about eight o'clock—I found the bolt of the lock locked—it was shut close—I turned the key, and it undid it as if it had been locked as usual—I saw no marks of any force—I thought I was opening it in the ordinary way—I went into the store-room, and missed some wadding, which had been safe the night before—I also missed four bags of cotton—I have since seen some wadding at the station-house, which I know.





SAMUEL PINKINS
. I am a traveller, and live in Tenter-street, Spital-fields. On Friday afternoon, the 23rd of February, the three prisoners came to my house, and engaged a room on the ground floor—Elizabeth Leonard said she would come in the afternoon and take it, as she was waiting for a person from the London Dock—she said she must come in that night—I asked her for a deposit—she said, "I cannot leave any deposit at present, till I hear from my friend in the Dock, who leaves at four o'clock"—she did not come again till nine o'clock at night, she then said, "I am come at last, the rain kept me back"—the two male prisoners were with her—they had a porter with them, who brought some baskets of wadding, and put it into the room—they all went out again about a quarter after nine o'clock—Lofthouse and the woman came back—Thomas Leonard had stopped at the place—the woman said it was a very wet night which was the reason she had moved her goods so late—she said she would make my room glitter with china and beautiful furniture, which she was going to bring on Monday morning—I went with her and Lofthouse to a public-house, and they gave me some porter, and then went away—next morning (Saturday) I heard a knock at the door, and found Lofthouse and Thomas Leonard—Lofthouse unlocked the room and went in, and was there an hour and a half—I then heard the door go, and he was gone—on the Sunday the officers came to my house, and took away the cotton, which the prisoners had brought there.

Lofthouse. Q. Did not I take the room for myself? A. The woman took the room, and asked you if you liked it—you said, "If you like it, I am satisfied"—I asked for a deposit, and you said you could not give me any, because you had no money, but when you sent in some of the wadding, you would give me a deposit, when you could sell your goods—you were all three together when the porter brought in the goods—you took one of the baskets away yourself, and left me with the porter—I saw the porter leave one, and know there were two.

Elizabeth Leonard. Q. Did I take the room? A. Of course you did—you came twice, and was there when the goods were brought—Thomas Leonard only came once.

Q. Did the policeman tell you you would get 3s. 6d. a day for coming here, when you asked for the rent of the room? A. No—he said nothing of the kind—he did not say, "Nevermind a half-crown, you fool, you will get 3s. 6d. a day up here," nor any thing of the kind.





GEORGE HYATT
. I live in Hooper-street, Clerkenwell, and am a trimming-manufacturer. I have a workshop over Mr. Pizzie's warehouse—on Friday evening, the 23rd of February, between nine and ten o'clock, as I came out of the door of my workshop, I saw the prisoner Thomas

Leonard at the prosecutor's door—he had two large baskets, which I have since seen at the office—I am quite sure it was him—it being a rainy night, I round to ask him if he would put the baskets into my place, but seeing him open the door with a key, I did not say any thing to him—people who have the prosecutor's baskets often put them into my place—I saw him open the door—I did not wait to see him enter—I believe he had a key—his hand was up at the keyhole—I saw nobody else.





THOMAS SEAL
 (police-constable G 16.) On Saturday, the 24th of February, I examined the outer door of the prosecutor's factory, about eleven o'clock—I observed marks on the door and door-post—the box of the lock was forced completely off, and hanging by the bottom screw—I apprehended Lofthouse and Thomas Leonard that afternoon, at No. 104, Went-worth-street, Whitechapel, and I apprehended Elizabeth Leonard next day at the same place—I went to Pinkin's house, and found on the ground-floor 960 odd sheets of wadding, and some quantity of loose cotton—I produce part of the wadding as a sample—there were no baskets there—I should say the wadding I found would more than fill two baskets.





GEORGE WILLIAM BALL
 (police-constable G 226.) On Sunday, the 25th of February, I went to Wentworth-street, Whitechapel, and saw Elisabeth Leonard, in a room at No. 104 or No. 106—there were two other women with her—I heard her say to one of them, "If you will give me a shilling, I will take you and give you a dozen of wadding, but you must be very careful, and wrap them up in your apron, so that they shall not be seen"—the door was ajar—this was before they knew I was there—I went in, and took her into custody—the woman answered her, "Take and tell where the waddings are deposited, and clear my husband, for I How he is innocent"—that woman is below now, her name is Bowers.

Elizabeth Leonard. The two dozen waddings were in the room when the policeman came, and they were bought by Thomas Leonard, of the prosecutor—he sells wadding—the prosecutor ordered the policeman to fetch them, and I said to the woman, "If you will go and give me a shilling to pay the landlord, as he wanted to detain them for rent, I will give you the wadding, and you can sell it." Witness. What she is talking of was on the 23rd—it is on the 25th I am speaking of—I found a bundle of wadding in the room, but not two dozen.

Elizabeth Leonard. We are all wadding-makers—I kept a factory of my own once, and one of my boys put the prosecutor into business—I know nothing of his wadding at all—Lofthouse told me to go into the room, but I never knew where the wadding came from.





CALEB PIZZIE

re-examined. The prisoner, Thomas Leonard, did not work for meat any time—he occasionally bought a few waddings of me—I never knew Elizabeth Leonard before she was taken into custody—I did not know she had a brother—they have bought a few goods of me to sell—I knew nothing of the female prisoner till she was in custody—the wadding which was taken away was much more than Thomas Leonard could carry at once—it would require a strong man four times to carry them.

Thomas Leonard. I bought four dozen of black waddings that day for 5s—the day being wet I could not sell them, and I took them home—next morning I sold two dozen of them, and was going to pay him for them when the policeman took me.





ROBERT BACKHOUSE
 (police-constable H 92.) I was near the cells where the prisoners were waiting for examination—I first of all heard a

knocking at the partition between the two cells, and heard the female prisoner call on Bob several times—Lofthouse answered, "Halloo," and she said, "Remember, you know nothing about the key, or the wedding"—he said, "Hold your tongue, you b—y fool, you know nothing about it either"—she said, "Old Pizzie says he has got all his wadding"—he said, "He is a b—y liar."

Elizabeth Leonard. I was talking to my brother John, not to Lofthouse—I said, "Pizzie says he has got his waddings," and he said, "There is several dozens of mine among them"—this policeman has come for his 2s. a day—I knew his brother among the "white boys," and he was nearly hung for murder.

Lofthouse. Is it likely among fifteen or sixteen he should know my voice?—there was no such thing mentioned—nobody spoke to any of the women.

Elizabeth Leonard. The waddings never could be moved by five or six men—I saw a policeman moving them at first, and he has been dismissed from the force since—I am well aware some of the police have been concerned in it—it could not have gone along all that distance without being seen by the police—I know nothing about it—I lost 11, 000l. by waddings in seven years, and have had enough of them—I have lived fifteen years in the neighbourhood of Whitechapel—I have been in a madhouse, and what the policeman did not rob me of I lost, but the present policemen know nothing of me.





GEORGE HYATT

re-examined. (Looking at the baskets)—These are the baskets I saw the prisoner, Thomas Leonard, with—he was not carrying them—they were down on the ground, close to the door.





CALEB PIZZIE

re-examined. These are my baskets—they were left on my premises the following morning, and were very wet, and so were the papers inside, as if they had been out in the rain, and the cords were very wet.





SAMUEL PINKINS

re-examined. The wadding was brought into my premises in baskets, such as these—I did not know what it was when it first came—I thought it was crockery—the porter, who was with them, carried the baskets away—they all three went away together, the first time, with the baskets, after emptying them; and then Lofthouse, and the female prisoner, came a second time, with the baskets again—Thomas Leoanrd was not with them then.

Lofthouse. He was ill in bed when I was there, and he did not see me at all. Witness. I opened the door and let you in, and then went to bed again.

Elizabeth Leonard. I lived in the neighbourhood and saw them with the baskets, and there was a policeman with them, who has since been dismissed from the force, and I could not conceive there was any thing wrong in it.





THOMAS SEAL

re-examined. On the morning after the robbery, another brother of Lofthouse-came to Mr. Pizzie's, and I had reason to conceive he was concerned in the robbery—I had reason to understand he was drinking with a policeman on the beat, and that policeman was dismissed.
(The prisoner Thomas Leonard received a good character.)

LOFTHOUSE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

ELIZABETH LEONARD*—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.




Transported for Ten Years.

THOMAS LEONARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.—



Confined Six Months.
