





1100. 




JOHN EPPS
 and 




TIMOTHY DAVIS
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James White, on the 
24th of March, and stealing therein, 1 shawl, value 2s. 6d.; 1 basket, value 6d.; 3 shirts, value 2s. 6d.; 1 shift, value 1s. 6d.; 1 towel, value 3d.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 1s.; 2 night-caps, value 6d.; 1 apron, value 6d.; and I hat, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



Isaac Knaggs.






ELIZABETH KNAGGS
. I am the wife of Isaac Knaggs, we live in Cheshirestreet, Bethnal Green. About five minutes before two o'clock on the 24th of March, I came in, and shut the street door, but I do not know whether the lock caught or not—it is a lock that shuts of itself, but it is a very bad one—I came down again at a quarter-past two o'clock, and the door was a little open—it could not have been blown open by the wind—it might have been pushed open—I had a shawl and basket, and the other things mentioned—I had seen them all safe on the dresser in the front room below, five minutes before two o'clock, and while I went up stairs they were all gone.





ELIZA ANN FORECAST
. I am the wife of William Thomas Forecast, of Cheshire-street, I live opposite the prosecutor's. On Good Friday, I saw Davis push open the door, and go into the prosecutor's place—Epps stood at the side of the door, with a bundle under his left arm—I do not know whether the door was on the jar.

Davis. She said before that all she knew me by was my jacket? Witness. No, I did not—I did not see his features—I did not know him before, but I saw his back—I am sure he is the same built man—I saw Epps' face, because he stood looking at me—it was a man of the same height as Davis, and he had on a round jacket, such as he has on now—he was taken in a coat, but he had shifted his jacket—he was taken, about fife or a quarter-past five o'clock the same night, and then he had a coat on—I said when I saw him, that he had a round jacket on, and when I saw him in the jacket I said he was the same man.

Davis. You saw me through the window. Witness. Yes, my window it about fifty-four feet, just across the road—I could see distinctly.





JOHN HODGES
. I live in Manchester-street, and am a hair-dresser. About five o'clock on Good Friday, I saw Davis go to the door of the homebrewed beer-shop opposite me—he pushed the door a little way open, and put his hand in, and then he slid in, and Epps came up with a bundle, after Davis was in—then Epps pushed the door open a little way, and seemed to be giving directions to the other; and when they were both in, 1 went down stairs, and informed Duncomb, a neighbour—this I suppose is 150 yards from where Knaggs lives—in a different street—I went for policeman.

Epps. Q. Did you see me shove the door? A. Yes, I am certain I saw you do it after Davis had got in.





WILLIAM DUNCOMB
. I live in Manchester-street, and am a hair-dresser. Hodges and my little girl came and told me about this—I went to the beer shop, and both the prisoners were in there—that was towards five o'clock—I directed Hodges to go for a policeman, and while he was gone, Epps came out with a bundle under his arm—I went after him—he turned up by the side of the King and Queen—he came back and asked if I was watching him—I said, "No I was not"—he keep muttering all the way down Hare-street, as far as Three Cow-corner, where he turned down—he law me pursuing, he turned back, and made a desperate blow at me—collared him and said "Now you so no further"—I Wok him with me, till I

met the policeman, and gave him to him—Davis went away, and went to the Freemason's Arms—he had a jacket on when he was in the beer-shop, and when I had got to the Freemason's Arms, he had a coat on—I went to his cousin's house, and there the jacket laid in the chair—I took the policeman to the Freemason's Arms, and Davis stood in the front of the fire, it was about eight o'clock—when we got Epps to the station-house, be gave the officer directions to go to his place, and nothing was found there.





JOSIAH ADAMS
 (police-constable H 51.) About twenty minutes'past five o'clock, I was in Hare-street. I laid hold of Epps, Duncomb told me, that he had made the attempt at the beer-shop, and he suspected the property he had belonged to them, but I found nothing in the bundle relating to this case—I found this shirt in his hat—we went to Epps' place, but did not find any property—they dispatched a boy off to the Freemason's Arms, to tell some of the parties, and he went to the Freemason's Arms with us, we went in, and Duncombe identified Davis—we all went in together—we let the boy run on, and we followed him, and saw he was going into the house, and we got in first—I found Davis in this coat, which I now produce—we then went to Davis's cousin, where he lodged, and there was this jacket.

Epps. I am a hawker, this shirt I bought in Petticoat-lane, for my own use.





ELIZABETH KNAGGS

re-examined. James White keeps the house, we are lodgers there.

EPPS—


GUILTY
. Aged 28

DAVIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.
of stealing only; 



Transported for Seven Years.
