




1858. 




JAMES LANGLEY
 and 




GEORGE PARKER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
14th of July, 2 ducks, price 5s., the property of 



William Wright; and that 



James Langley had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN CHEET
. I live at the Asylum, at Hackney-wick. On the 14th of July I was employed about some mangel wurzel—I heard a quacking, and turned and saw Langley putting a drake into his pocket—I gave information—I am sure he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you known this man before? A. No—I was five or six yards from him—I observed that it was a drake particularly—that is all I took notice of.





WILLIAM WRIGHT, JUN
. I received information from Cheet, and went out and saw these two men running at a slow rate along the road—I followed them, and saw them throw down a duck and a drake—each threw down one—I know the drake to be my father's, and I believe the duck is too—they are here—Langley threw down the drake, and Parker the duck.

Cross-examined. Q. What is your father's name? A. William—I know these ducks by the colour and their particular marks—I said before the Magistrate that it was a bundle Parker threw down—I could swear to the drake fifteen miles off—there may be hundreds of the same colour we had only two, and missed two—we did not miss them till I saw them on the road.





CHARLES LAKELAND
. I belong to the Asylum. I was with my master, and saw the two prisoners running—one had something in his right-hand pocket, and the other had something—I did not see the ducks on the ground—I saw them in the field—I picked them up—they were Mr. Wright's—I know the drake.





CHARLES SMITH
. I live in this neighbourhood. I picked up a bag in the field, it contained a duck—I gave it to Mr. Wright.






WILLIAM SHAW
 (police-constable K 73.) On the 14th of July I was on duty in the White chapel-road, and the prisoners patted me in rather a hurried manner—they got by—I received information, and took them.

Cross-examined. Q. You found no bag or ducks on them? A. No.





JAMES GLIBBERY
 (Policee-sergeant N 21) I produce the certificate of the prisoner Langley's former conviction, from Mr. Clarke's office (read)—the prisoner is the man.
(The prisoner Parker received a good character.)

LANGLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

PARKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Six Months; Six Weeks Solitary.
