






OLD COURT. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 17.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.
444. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     BRITAIN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     CARTER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, 1 clock, value 24l.; 1 clock-stand, value 3s., and 1 glass clock-shade, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Robert 
                           Syer
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERT SYER
               



            . I am a stay-maker
, and live in Tavistock-street, St. Paul, Covent-garden


, On the morning of the 12th of January this clock and shade stood in my counting-house - it was worth above 20l.; one side of my house is in Tavistock-court - about a quarter-past eight o'clock in the morning I took down my shop shutters myself - I had taken down nine in front of the street, leaving one up there; I was taking the ninth shutter up the court, to put it away on a ledge, and the prisoner Britain came and asked if I knew a person named 
               
                  Evan 
                  Davis
               



             or 
               
                  David 
                  Davis
               



            , who kept a straw bonnet shop -I told him I knew nobody of the name except the milkpeople up the court - he then asked if I knew a tailor named McPherson: that McPherson kept the shop, and Davis lodged in the house - he had scarcely uttered these words when I heard something fall very heavy in the street, in front of my house; he was standing in the court, between me and the street - he stood before me so that I should not pass to take the other shutter down; I went round the houses immediately, and the prisoner Carter was leaning over the clock which had just fallen, as I imagine, from his hand - I did not see it fall; I had passed Britain to see what had happened, and then he came round the front of the house - the clock had fallen on the step of Mr. Robinson's door; Carter came more in front of my house, and Britain came close to him - Carter nudged Britain, who then went up the court; I called him back; he came, and I collared them both. sent for a Policeman, two came, and they were secured - I did not purchase the clock; I had had it about five years - it is worth about 24l.; I am certain it cost two hundred and eighty-eight guilders.
Cross-examined. Q. You fix some value to its having been the property of the Emperor of France? A. It never was his - I am confident I told the Justice I saw one man nudge the other; I was in the court on one side the house when I heard the crash, putting up a shutter; I had not seen Carter then - I did not see who had the article; I am sure it was before eight o'clock - I saw a man in a long brown coat; I asked Carter if he had seen any body pass - when I came round, and saw the clock there, he was standing over it - he had not time to leave it; I was as far up the court as four of my shutters when I heard the crash - I asked Carter that question, being very confused at seeing my property there; I am confident there was not a soul on the pavement - I asked the question before I had an opportunity of forming my mind on the subject; I did not repeat the question -Carter answered that he had seen a man in a long brown coat - I did not then attempt to take him; he could have gone away if he pleased - Britain came round to me in front of the house: the clock had fallen on Robinson's steps, which is next door - Carter was stooping over it; I was so confused, I merely asked if he had seen any body pass - the Salutation public-house is at the corner of the street, but it was not open, for I spoke to the young man belonging to the house; he came round with me, and heard all the conversation - the Magistrate thought it unnecessary for him to be here; he had notopened the shutters of the house - some minutes elapsed before I collared the prisoners; I will not say ten minutes had not elapsed, nor fifteen - Britain returned when I called him - Carter never left the spot.


                  THOMAS 
                  WATSON
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Jackson
               



            , of Tavistock-street, woollen-draper. On the 12th of January I was in master's shop, which is just opposite Mr. Syer's; I heard the crash - I was cleaning our windows inside, when I heard something fall; I ran to the door immediately - I saw Carter leaning over the clock; I saw nobody else in the street - I crossed the road, and saw the clock laying on Mr. Robinson's steps - Mr. Syer came round the corner immediately after I got out of master's shop; I saw the young man belonging to the public-house, and about five minutes after I saw Britain; Mr. Syer came round from the court with him - I saw no other person in the street - I was there when the prisoners were secured; the young man from the public-house remained there till the officers came, and so did I.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you look out before the crash? A. No, I was standing on the ground, reaching to clean the windows; I should not think more than a quarter of an hour elapsed before Syer collared the prisoners.
Q. Was there any attempt to take them before the officers came? A. Yes; Syer took hold of Carter - the prosecutor seemed agitated, and appeared to suspect Carter - I remained there to see where the prisoners went to, but said nothing to Syer; Britain went up Tavistock-court - I cannot say where he went to; I did not notice him further - he walked round the corner, and walked back, when he was called; I was not above four yards from the clock when I went up - I did not hear Syer ask Carter if he had seen any body pass; I did not notice what he said - I was taking notice of the clock; I got to the spot in two minutes; there was plenty of time for a man to get away.
COURT. Q. Does it take you two minutes to cross the street? A. I think so - I saw nobody but Carter in the street when I looked; I afterwards saw Syer and the man from the public-house, and afterwards Britain - I saw nobody in a brown coat.


                  CHARLES 
                  WARD
               



            . I am a labourer. On the evening of the 11th of January, about a quarter to six o'clock, I saw the prisoners together, going in a direction for Mr. Syer's house; a third person was behind them, whom I knew was a bad character - they went towards Brydges-street; they were going on, and the third man ran up and overtook them - I first saw them fifty or sixty yards from Syer's, on the same side of the way; I was coming along the following morning, and saw them brought along in custody - I knew them again; I stated this at the station-house, voluntarily.
Cross-examined. Q. You seem acquainted with bad characters? A. I am a special-constable for part of St. Giles', and have been so these two years; I am also porter to a plate-chest maker, and live at No. 99, Drury-lane - I went to the station without any invitation; I did not go and caution Syer when I saw them - I could from no idea of the house they had come from, except from the evidence; they were more towards Brydges-street - I should think Syer's house is one hundred yards from Brydges-street; I work for Mr. Blackman, Green-street, Leicester-square.


                  HARRIET 
                  MACKENTEAR
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Syer. -On the evening before this clock was taken (the 11th), a little before six o'clock, the prisoner Carter (pointing to Britain) came to our door - I never saw him before; he asked me if Mr. McPherson, a tailor, lived there - I said No; he asked me to inquire - I would not leave the shop; I told him no such person lived there, then shut the door, and he went away.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you tell the Magistrate Britain was the person who called, or that you could not swear to him? A. I said it was him; I never said I could not swear to him - I mentioned Carter just now because I forgot their names; I heard somebody say something when I named Carter, but did not hear what it was - I did not hear, "No" said.
Britain's Defence. I was coming from Covent-garden, and met Mr. Syer - I asked him for Davis, but deny asking for McPherson; when he said he did not know him I went up the court, when he heard the window crash; I walked up with him. I went twenty yards from Tavistock-court, to the person he told me of; he said, "Aye, young man:" I looked round, and it was him; I came back - he said he was not satisfied; I asked what about, and he said about the clock - I staid there about ten minutes; he sent for a constable, and gave me in charge.
Carter's Defence. When Ward was asked at Bow-street if he saw me, he said he could not positively swear I was with Britain.


                  CHARLES 
                  WARD
               



            . I did not say so.
Britain. At Bow-street the prosecutor stood there, and said to his servant, "There is the man - don't you know him?" and nudged her.
W. R. SYER. On my oath I never did - I told her to look at the two, and see who it was asked for McPherson the night before - she said, "That is him, but he has not got the brown coat which he had on at night, and he has changed his handkerchief;" I rent the whole house.
BRITAIN - GUILTY. Aged 20.
CARTER - GUILTY. Aged 20.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
