






1977. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     ROWLEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of October
, 1 watch, value 30s.; 1 watch-chain, value 20s., and 1 seal, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Simmons
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I am in the silk line, and live in St. Paul's church-yard. On the 26th of October I had been dining and spending the evening with a friend; I was a little the worse for liquor, and was in Hatton-garden


; on my return home, at half past twelve o'clock at night the two prisoners accosted me; I do not know what they said, but they walked with me, and a little before I got to Holborn I missed my watch; I had not been up any turning with them; I laid hold of them both, requested them to give me my watch, and called the Policeman - he came up, and took it from Collins; I do not know which of them took it.


                  ANDREW 
                  HARVEY
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I was on duty about half past twelve o'clock; when I got to the corner of Hatton-garden I heard the prosecutor say, "Give me my watch;" I went up, and Collins gave me this watch out of her hand; I took both the prisoners, with the assistance of my brother officer - in going along one of them said she knew nothing of the other party; the other said she told her to take it.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  DANIEL 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I was on the opposite side - the officer called me; I saw the prosecutor and the prisoners; I took hold of Collins - in going up Hatton-garden I said,"Did you take the watch?" she said, "No, the other one took it and gave it me;" I do not think the other heard that - when we got to the station Collins said she took it, but the other told her to take it; Rowley was present all the while, and said she knew nothing about it.
Collins' Defence. I met this gentleman in Holborn; he asked me to take part of his umbrella, and then took me up Hatton-garden, and asked to stop with me all night - he said he had no money, but would give me the watch; he took the watch out, and gave it into my hand - we turned a side to have a little private convorsation; he then said he was robbed of his watch, called the Policeman, and gave us in charge.
COLLINS - GUILTY. Aged 25.




               Recommended to Mercy by the Jury, believing it to be her first offence
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ROWLEY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
