





Before Mr. Baron Garrow.
1857.
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of September
, 6 handkerchiefs, value 20s.; 50 yards of printed cotton, value 40s.; 12 yards of linen, value 16s.; 40 yards of lace, value 30s.; 4 yards of cambric, value 4s.; 3 shawls, value 30s., and 1 packing-case, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Connelly
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Martha 
                        Mills
                     



.


                  JAMES 
                  CONNELLY
               



            . I am a licensed hawker
 - I travel with my goods, and generally live at the Bell, at Uxbridge; my home is in Ireland. In September last I lived at the Bell, at Uxbridge


, kept by 
               
                  Martha 
                  Mills
               



            ; on the evening of the 22nd, between eight and nine o'clock, I put my pack in the pantry. where I usually put it - I went about eleven o'clock next morning, and it was gone; it contained the articles stated in the indictment, which are worth above 5l. - I had had them in my possession a long while; I applied to Ingram a little after eleven o'clock, and found he had them in his possession - (looking at them) all these are mine except the wrapper; my wrapper had my name on it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  INGRAM
               



            . I am a constable of Uxbridge. Counelly applied to me on the 23rd of September; I had been to the prisoner's house before that, and found these things up stairs in a deal box in his bed-room - he was not at home; I apprehended him afterwards, and told him it was on suspicion of stealing this bundle - he said he knew nothing about it; only him and his wife inhabit the house - I found his wife there.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in the house at night very tipsy; I went up the yard to ease myself, and coming down I saw this bundle lay in the yard - I picked it up, carried it home, and put it into my box; my wife went next morning to tell the landlady there was such things in the house.




               GUILTY (of stealing, to the value of 99s. only
            .) Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
