



1675. 




CHARLES BRADFORD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of June, at 
St. Sepulchre's 1 heifer, price 8l. 8s., the property of 



John Christopher Lionmin.







JOHN CHRISTOPHER LIOMIN
. I had some cows pastured on Wimbledoncommon on Thursday night, between the 8th and 9th of June—I lost a heifer in calf, which I afterwards found at the other side of Uxbridge—it has calved since—the prisoner lived with me some years ago for a little while.





JOHN CASSWELL
, I saw the heifer safe on Thursday the 8th—I have since seen it at Uxbridge in the prosecutor's possession.





GEORGE BAINES
. I am a beast-salesman and dealer at Smithfield On Friday, the 9th of June, I saw the prisoner offering a heifer for sale—it was tied up regularly—I asked the prisoner the price—he asked me 5l., 10s.—I bid him 4l.,—he said it was his father's—I asked him what he was—he said a labouring man in Wimbledon-park—that they bred it themselves, and it cost them half-a-crown a week—I bought it for 4l., 10s., and then I said, "Before I pay you, you must bring some person forward to convince me it is all right"—he called himself william Young—he said he expected his father in town, but was not certain—about two hours after, he brought a person from some part of the town, I believe it was from Fenchurch-street, to say it was all right—I dircted him to my money-taker to pay him, and to take his address, and who came to vouch for him—on the Monday following an application was made to me.





WILLIAM CHAPPING
. I am an ostler, and live in Northumberland-street. I knew the prisoner when he lived with Mr. Punter—he came to me on the 9th of June, and said that he had brought a heifer up and sold it for 4l. 10s.; that it had been eating its head off—he asked me to go up to Smithfield to say I knew him as living at Mr. punter's—my wife had washed and mended things for him, which came to 5s., and he said when he got the money he would pay me—he told me his name was William Young—I went and said it was all right as far as I learned—he paid me the 5s., and gave me 1s. for my trouble.





CHARLES CHURCHILL
. I am a hores-patrol. I took the prisoner.

Prisoner's Defence. A person of the name of Joseph Crouch told me to take it and sell it, and bring him the money, which I did—he refused to pay me till some one came forward—I did not knew who to get, and I went to Chapping, who came and spoke for me.




GUILTY. Aged 19.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury, believing he had been duped by others.
—


Transported for Life.
