



1620. 




THOMAS HARDY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
11th of June, 1 crown, 6 shillings, and 2 sixpences, the monies of 



Harriet Pollard.






HARRIET POLLARD
. I live at Woolwich. I had known the prisoner about twelve months by seeing him about, but had not been familiar with him—I am unfortunate—on the 11th of June I met him at the Golden Anchor—he went home with me at his request in the first place, and I consented—my house is at the back of the Golden Anchor—we went to bed at twelve o'clock—it was up one flight of stairs—the prisoner fastened the door inside—it was locked and bolted—I am sure of it—he had not given me any money in my house, but he had before given me two six pences, and that was spent before I went to bed—I had a five shilling piece, six shillings, and two sixpences of my own—he was to stay with me all night—my money was put into my box in my room—that was safe before I went to bed—the prisoner saw me count it—I had some halfpence, and I put them into my box—I cannot say that he knew how much I had—awoke between four and five o'clock, and the prisoner was gone I found the door bolted and locked as it was when I went to sleep—nobody could have been in the room but himself—my chamber window was open, which

was shut when I went to bed—it appeared that he had dropped out of the window—he returned to me at seven o'clock, after his belt, which he had left, he took his belt, and then I missed my money before he went away—I taxed him with it, he said he had not got it, he had not got any silver, only a few halfpence—he could not have gone out of the door when he first went, because they would not have let him out—he could not have taken the money when he came back for his belt, or I must have seen him—the money was not found.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not give you two sixpences? A. Yes—you did not give me a shilling when I got up stairs—no one could have come in the room but him.

Prisoner. I saw no money with her but what I gave her—the door was open when we went into the yard. Witness. No, it was not—the key was on the chair by my bed side, and there I found it, and the door was bolted.





MARY DAVEY
. I am servant at the Golden Anchor. I know the prosecutrix's lodgings—I saw the prisoner between three and four o'clock in the morning, attempting to get into her bed-room window—I opened my window, and asked what he was doing there—he said he had dropped out, and he wished to get in again for his belt, and knowing he was the same person who was with her the evening before, I took no notice of it—I saw him again about seven o'clock, when I opened the door—he came in and went through for his belt.





JOSEPH BUTTERFIELD
. I took the prisoner on Wednesday last—I found nothing on him.

Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent—I took 5s. 6d. into the Golden Anchor, and I saw no money with the prosecutrix but what I gave her—I spent my money with her.





HARRIET POLLARD

re-examined. The two sixpences were not the same that the prisoner gave me—what I had of him I spent—I was quite sober.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.
