



2036. 




ELIZABETH ALLEN
 was indicted

for unlawfully, unjustly, &c. uttering and putting off to 



Thomas Drake, a counterfeit shilling, knowing it to be counterfeit; she having been previously convicted of uttering two counterfeit half-crowns.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor of the Mint. I produce a copy of a record of the conviction of Elizabeth Allen, for uttering counterfeit coin, at the Middlesex October Sessions, 1834—I have examined it with the original record in the office of the Clerk of the Peace, and it is a true copy, (read.)





JOHN FISHWICKE SOMMESALL
. I am turnkey to the House of Correction, Cold-bath-fields. I remember the prisoner being convicted—she is the person described in the record—I was present at her trial.





MARGARET ANN DRAKE
. I am the wife of Thomas Drake, who keeps the Fortune of War public-house, West Smithfield—on the 3rd of September, the prisoner came to the bar, and asked for a half-a-pint of ale and gave me a shilling. I perceived it to be a bad one, and handed it over to Mr. Drake, in the prisoner's presence, and told her it was a bad one—she said she had got two-pence to pay for the ale, which she did—the officer stood at the bar, and said. "My good woman, if you will let me look at it, perhaps it may not be a bad one"—he kept it and detained her.

Prisoner. She gave the shilling to another female and said, "Give that to my husband. "

Witness. It passed through nobody's hands but mine and Mr. Drake's—I am sure it is the some shilling as she gave me.





THOMAS DRAKE
. I remember the prisoner being in my house—my wife was present—I received a shilling from her, and said to the prisoner, "This is a bad shilling, I shall not take it"—I threw it down on the counter—the prisoner herself took it up, and the officer, Wood, said directly, "Now, my good woman, let me look at it, perhaps it may not be a bad one"—he took it from her and retained possession of it—It did not pass through any hands beside, I am positive—the officer found it was bad, and took it away.

Prisoner. There was a female present, who took it into her hand, and gave it to a woman without a cap on, and she gave it into my hands, the officer took it from me, and the prosecutor said, "Give it to the young woman, I do not want to give her in charge. "

Witness. She has told a palpable falsehood—there was only my wife my daughter, and myself in the bar.





JOHN WOOD
. I am watchman of Guildhall, and was constable at

Bartholomew-fair. I was at Mr. Drake's house and receive a shilling out of the prisoner's hands—the statement of the witness is true.





ELIZA ANDERSON
. I searched the prisoner at the Compter on the day in question, and found on her four articles of toys, and some halfpence—there was 1s. 10d. in copper, but I did not count it myself—there was also six sixpences—that was all I found—I gave them to my husband, and saw him give t hem to Wood—they had not been out of my sight.





JOHN WOOD

re-examined. I have returnede the coppers to the prisoner—they amounted to 1s. 10d., and six silver sixpences; she has had them also—they were good—I gave them to her at different times, by the Magistrates order.





WILLIAM HUTCHINSON
. I am a green-grocer, and live in Whitecross-street. On the 22nd of August, the prisoner came to my shop for a quarter of a pound of sugar and a small quantity of tea; it did not come to more than 3d.—she tendered a bad shilling—I walked from the counter, to prevent her going out—told her it was bad, and detained her—she said she had got three good shillings in her pocket, but she never produced them—I gave her to Peak the officer, and handed him over the shilling, after scratching it with a nail.





MATTHEW PEAK
. I am an officer. I was on duty, and went to Hutchinson's shop—I found the prisoner there, and took charge of her—I received one shilling, which I produce—I took the prisoner to the station-house—she gave the name of Eliza Brown—she was searched—there was a good shilling found on her—she was discharged by the Magistrate.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coins for the Mint. I have examined both of these—these are both counterfeit shillings.

Prisoner's Defence. I really believe it is not the shilling I gave.





WILLIAM HUTCHINSON
 (looking at it.) That is the shilling she gave me, from the scratch on it—I am sure.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Fifth Jury, before the Recorder

