



445. 




JAMES RIVETT
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles Smith, on the 
11th of November, at 
St. George, Bloomsbury, and stealing therein 1 shawl, value 10s. 6d.; I gold ring, value 10s., 1 purse, value 2s. 6d.; 2 brooches, value 15s.; I bodkin, value 1s.; 5 pairs of stockings, value 7s.; 3 shirt studs, value 5s. 9d.; 3 shirt buttons, value 1s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 15s.; 2 sovereigns; 6 half-crowns; and 1 sixpence; the goods and monies of William Barbrook.







WILLIAM BARBROOK
. I lodge in the house of Charles Smith, in Market-street, St. George, Bloomsbury. There are two other lodgers—Smith lives in the house himself—I am a lithographic printer—on the 11th of November I left my house about eight o'clock in the morning, and returned at three o'clock—I found my door broken open, which I had left locked—the catch of the lock was broken—force must have been used to do it—I found three boxes broken open, and missed the property stated in the indictment—mine is on the second floor back room—I had left the things safe in the boxes—I had seen them there about ten minutes to eight o'clock, before I went away—the prisoner had been a schoolfellow of mine—I had given him a lodging, out of charity, about a fortnight before—he left about a week before this happened—he has been a groom—the officers had been looking for him, and tried to find him ever since, but I did not see him till last Friday night, when he came to where I was at work, rang the bell, and said he wished to give himself up—he said he had been very miserable, ever since the time he had robbed me—I went and got my coat, and gave him into the custody of Ford, a policeman—he told me he was very sorry for what he had done—I asked him what he had done with the property, that was all—he said he did not know what made him commit the offence; that it was his first offence—the articles were worth about 5l. 8s. 9d. including the money, which was 2l. 15s. 6d.—if I wanted to sell the articles, I. think I might have made 30s. of them.

Prisoner. He says I took five pairs of stockings—he knows very well he had no such things in his possession. Witness. I am sure there were five pain of stockings.

Prisoner. On the Sunday previous he shewed me 13s. and declared it was all the money he had in the world. Witness. I showed him six half-crowns and a sixpence in my purse, but did not say it was all I had—I kept him as long as I could afford, and then told him he must go.





SARAH WILLIAMS
. I am single, and live in Ernest-street, Regent's Park—the prisoner came to my lodging on the day of the robbery, about twelve o'clock—I was then lodging in York-square, Regent's Park—he brought a crape shawl to sell—he said his uncle had come from the Indies, and wished to sell it—he asked 5s. for it—I examined it, and should know it again—I did not purchase it—it was not left with me—he had a small box with two brooches, about nine shirt-studs, and an ivory bodkin—he said he had bought them while he was in place, and he did not wish his mother should see them—I took up one brooch, and looked at it in my hand—they were returned to him—I should know them again—I asked him to give me the pearl bodkin, and he did, after some hesita-tion—he took the shirt studs away with him—they were plain studs—I do not know whether they were metal—some of them were mother-of-pearl, with gilt edges—he had a wedding ring tied to the end of his handkerchief—I was taken into custody on suspicion of being concerned in the robbery, and discharged—directly the policeman told me the robbery was committed, he was about to search me, and then I gave the bodkin up—I get my living by different things—sometimes I do needlework—my friends do not live with me—I have known the prisoner three years—he called on me to sell the shawl, nothing else that I know of—several young women lodge in the same house with me—they get their living in the same way as I do.






WILLIAM COOMBES
. I am a journeyman butcher, and live in Minister-street, Regent's Park. I was taken into custody on suspicion of this rob-bery, and afterwards discharged—I recollect receiving a ring from the prisoner on the 11th of November, at the Cape of Good Hope public, house, Regent's Park—he asked me to pledge it for him—I went and pledged it at Mr. Fowler's, in Ernest-street, for 5s.—I gave the money to the prisoner.





JOHN ROSE
. I am in the service of Mr. Fowler, of Ernest-street, Regent's Park. I remember a ring being pawned by Coombes on the 11th of November—it has been in my custody ever since—I am quite sore it is the same.





SARAH WILLIAMS

re-examined. I cannot swear to this ring, but it is like the one I had—I believe it to be the same as he showed me, which he had tied to his handkerchief—it resembles it—I cannot say more than that it is like it.





WILLIAM BARBROOK

re-examined. To the best of my belief this is my ring—it is like it—I have no mark on it which I can swear to; but I believe it to be mine from its general appearance.





JOHN CORDY CROUCH
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Grafton-street, East, Fitzroy-square. I have a shawl and brooch pawned with me on the 12th of November—the shawl by a woman, in the name of Bird, who admits pawning it, but she is not here, through illness, I believe; and the brooch by a man—they were both pawned the same day—I should not know the man again—he gave the name of "John Roberts."





SARAH WILLIAMS

re-examined. That is the shawl—I know it from the pattern—it is the one he brought to me on the 11th of November—I only know it by the pattern—it is very handsome—this brooch is the same as was in the box with another one which I saw on the 11th—I cannot swear to it, but it is like it.





WILLIAM BARBROOK

re-examined. I know this brooch—it is the same that I lost—I know it by a piece of paper which I put to the back, to fasten it inside, as it was loose—I am certain it is the same—this is the same shawl that was stolen—I know it by the pattern—I never saw one like it.





JAMES FORD
. I am a policeman. The prisoner was brought to me on the evening of the 2nd of January, in Broad-street, St. Giles—I took him to the station-house—I said nothing to him—the prosecutor said he had got his trowsers on—on the road the prisoner said he was sorry for what he had done—he afterwards took the trowsers off—I have them here.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
. I am a constable. I took Sarah Williams into custody on the 12th of November—she delivered a bodkin to me, which I produce—it has never been out of my possession.





WILLIAM BARBROOK

re-examined. I know these trowsers to be mine by a tear at the bottom of the legs—I had not worn them long—I am certain of them—I believe this to be the bodkin which was stolen from me—there is no mark by which I can swear to it.




GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.
