






Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1158. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  FOREMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of April

, 1 piece of timber, value 3l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Dixon
                        



                     
                  , his master
            ; and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BAXTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the the same day, the aforesaid goods and chattels, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute
            .
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution.
STEPHEN STROUD. I am keeper of the lock, on the Limehouse-cut



, where the cut comes into the river Thames. Mr. Dixon's wharf is up the cut - Foreman was in Mr. Dixon's employ, and was in the habit of passing the lock very frequently - there are dues paid at that lock, for timber and other things which come through, but latterly we have booked them for Mr. Dixon; on the8th of April, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, I saw Foreman pass the lock, in a direction from Mr. Dixon's wharf, with a stick of timber which was floating - I did not notice it, nor any mark upon it; I did not see him with any boat - he was pushing it into the lock; I drew back the gate, left one lock open, and on account of its being a wet morning, I went in and left him - he told me it was a job of his own, and he would pay me for it in the afternoon; it was entered in Mr. Dixon's name in the afternoon when he paid me.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q.How many wharfs are up that cut? A. There are several - I do not know what was the length of the timber; I knew him perfectly well - I attended the whole of that morning.
MR. BODKIN. Q.Could any person have got through your lock without your seeing them? A. Not very easily - no other piece of timber passed the lock from any wharf that morning.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you the only person who attends? A. I am the only lock-man; there is another person attends to take the does - I was not up the whole of that night.


                  JAMES 
                  WHITE
               



            . I work for Mr. Astley, a wharfinger, at Stone-stairs, Ratcliff. On Friday, the 8th of April, I was at my master's wharf, and saw Baxter the prisoner, about half-past six o'clock, but I did not then know his name - a person they called Mr. Rogers, who had a black coat, came with Baxter; they wanted me to get ready to land a piece of timber for them, and Rogers, who appeared to be the owner of the timber, said he was in a hurry for it, for the sawyers were standing still, and the building was standing still - they were both together; I did not see any timber at that time, but in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes, Foreman brought a piece which appeared to me to he Memel timber - it was floating; I noticed the race-mark of thirty-four feet - I did not see in what direction it came; I was getting the handles and things ready - the tide was then coming up, and I consider if it had been half an hour later it could have been landed more conveniently, but they would make me get it up; I told them I thought it was a pity to land it then, to drag it through the mud, but Foreman put the dogs to it - I saw no cart then; we had it landed before the cart came - Mr. Rogers then asked me what was the charge for landing it; I said was he the gentleman that had been at my master's last night, and said he had some timber coming - he said Yes; I said, "You need not pay this now;" he said he would rather pay it now - they then walked with me down to my master, and I said they had landed thirty-four feet of timber, how much was it? my master called out, "One shilling, Jem," and Mr. Rogers asked Baxter for 1s., which he gave him.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you sure they did not both pay the shilling together? A. It was very much like it - I have had conversation with Mr. Dixon about this; I have only seen him once before, when I went to Lambeth-street - we landed this timber as quick as we could, as it rained very fast; I do not think there were any more men about the wharf - I would not have been there if these two gentlemen had not persuaded me; I opened the gate, and they asked who was the person to get the timber through - I said I was; it might be five or six minutes in landing - the dogs are at the end of the iron chain which hangs to the crane; the tide was not then up - the prisoners took the dogs as far as the bank, and pulled the timber out; it was some distance from the wall - it was then from half-past six to seven o'clock; I did not see it first come in sight - I was in and out, getting the handles and things ready: I did not see Foreman bring it- the first I saw of him was when he came to put the dogs - I cannot tell the length or width of it; there was thirty-four cut in it, with a race knife - there was other timber there, but we had none come in that night, or the day before; there was no single piece came in for a week before, or a week afterwards, I am certain - Mr. Dixon did not tell me the mark on this piece of timber; I took notice of it, to give an account to my master - I did not know either the prisoners or Mr. Rogers; I heard Mr. Baxter's name at the office - I knew them by their clothes before.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. What day was this? A.One Friday morning - to the best of my knowledge, five weeks last Friday - I do not keep account of the days; Rogers acted as master of the timber, as it appeared to me; I have not seen him since.
MR. BODKIN. Q.What became of the timber? A. The carman came, and the prisoners and Rogers helped it into the cart.


                  JAMES 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am a carman. On one Friday in April, Baxter and Rogers came to me, about half-past six o'clock in the morning, and asked if I would take a piece of timber down to Poplar; it was a very wet morning, and I said it was almost too bad to go out - they hurried me on, and said they must have it done, as their men were standing still - they both spoke together; what one said the other heard - they asked what we would do it for; I sent a lad up to ask master, and he said 3s. 6d. - I went to Mr. Astley's, Stone-stairs wharf; the timber was landed, and we all helped to put it on the cart - I suppose it was then a quarter-past seven o'clock; it still rained very fast - I took it just beyond North-street bar, Poplar; I do not know whether it is Mr. Baxter's ground or not, but he told me to take it, and said he would meet me there; I did not take notice of the timber - it was only one stick; Baxter paid me on the ground - he had one foot standing on the log when he gave me the money.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOPEWELL
               



            . I am a soldier and a blacksmith. I know Mr. Baxter, and I know several buildings he has going on in the East India-road, and some cottages at the back of the road. I went to the North-bar, to look for work one Friday morning, about the 8th or 9th of April, I think about half-past six o'clock - I saw Baxter and Rogers there, in conversation with each other; I cannot tell what about - I saw by and by a stick of timber brought there, and it went into a small gate; Allen was the carman who brought it - it was put into Mr. Baxter's yard, and he rubbed his foot on the ground, and then rubbed it on the timber, about the centre of it; I heard Rogers say"Baxter, you have no occasion to grumble, you have got that timber cheap enough;" and he said, "It came by this," holding up his fingers in a booked direction.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long did you look at the timber? A.Perhaps ten minutes or a quarter of an hour - Baxter was building some premises, or he was the master of some buildings in that neighbourhood - he rubbed his foot on the ground, and then on the timber, probably to take the dirt off his shoe.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. You heard it was cheap enough, then of course you understood that some price had been paid? A. Yes, some price.
COURT. Q. Did you see any mark on the timber when the foot was applied? A. No, my Lord, I did not.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  DIXON
               



            . I am a timber-merchant
, and live in the Commercial-road - Foreman was my waterman and lighterman
; I knew nothing of Baxter. On Saturday, the 9th of April, Foreman was taken into custody - I looked at my stock of timber, after returning from the East India-road; when the Policeman came to me I went with him to where the deals were, and from there to Baxter's -I saw Baxter on his premises, near the North-bar; I said,"Is your name Baxter?" he said Yes - I said, "Of whom did you buy the deals?" he said, "Of Rogers;" I said,"Have you bought any thing else?" he said No - I said,"Have you bought any thing else of him at any time?" he said No - I asked him again; he then said, "I bought some laths of him about a month ago;" I questioned him again if he had not bought any thing else of him at any time - his answer was No, using the word in a positive tone; I then said, "Where did you get the piece of timber from that lies over the way?" he said, "Oh, I bought that of Rogers yesterday;" I went into the yard, and saw the piece of timber of the thirteenth float, thirty-four marked on it, and three strokes, then a cross, and my name raced in with a knife, by Foreman - the letters were robbed out, as if with road dirt, not the mud of the Thames - I rubbed it off with my hand, and then saw the letters plainly; they were about the middle of the timber - we generally mark it there, that none may be cut off; I bought it as Memel timber, but I cannot swear to that - it was Baltic timber; Rogers had worked for me as a lath-render, for about four months, but not at my wharf - Baxter told me he had known Rogers for five years; I asked Baxter what he gave for it - he said 5l. a load, which would be 2s. a foot - that would be 3l. 8s.; I bought the whole float of the timber - he told me afterwards that he gave 2l. 5s. for the piece; that was all I heard him say, except before the Magistrate - it was after I saw Baxter that I examined my stock, and missed a piece of thirty-four feet; I had not sold any timber of the whole float - I had had it about three months.
COURT. Q.From whom did Foreman receive orders to carry out timber? A.From myself only, and then not without a note - I have a young man, but he does not give orders; Foreman never attends to any thing he says - I am the only person who ever gives directions for the removal of timber.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. When you went to Baxter's, did you make yourself or your business known? A. I asked of whom he bought the deals - I did not tell him my name; I did not mention the name of Rogers - I knew nothing of Rogers with regard to this transaction till he told me - I could not tell whether Foreman or Rogers took them; he said he bought the laths of Rogers, but I did not tell him he was my lath-render - I believe Rogers has absconded; I have not seen him since -I have offered a reward to find him; as I was going down the road to Baxter's, a carpenter pointed out the piece of timber to me, and said there was a piece which had come very suspiciously into the yard - that called my attention to it, and when I asked Baxter he said he bought it of Rogers; I believe Rogers was a thief, but not the only one - I do not recollect that I have said that Rogers was the thief; I will not swear I have not - the piece of timber was thirty-five feet cubic measure; I gave 5l. 5s. a load for it - I gave 3l. 11s. for this piece; it was not a damaged piece.
Q.Now, mind, I warn you, do you swear it was not a damaged piece? A. No, Sir, it was not; there was at one end what we call a blee, which was owing to the frost stinting it in its growth, but it would not be considered a blemish - it would sell for quite as much, and, this being a clean piece, would be preferred to many other pieces - it was in no respect injured; I did not apprehend Baxter -I gave him notice to come against Foreman, to attend and give evidence relative to the piece of timber; the Magistrate had let him go, after two examinations, but we got additional evidence after that - we did not take him before the Magistrate again; the Magistrate said he would not retract his steps. I must take him before the Grand Jury -I had then got the witnesses, White and the carman. Allen; they were not examined till the fourth examination - Baxter was not apprehended at all, when we went before the Grand Jury - he was taken at his own house yesterday - he was discharged after the third examination; I told him, in his own yard, that I should prefer a bill against him, and asked him the reason he did not attend at the office - he said he had no order but mine, and he should not attend to that.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q.Foreman had lived with you three or four years, and Rogers as many months? A. Yes - I offered a man 1l. to find Rogers; Foreman did not tell me where to find Rogers - I do not think Rogers worked on his own account; he was very much distressed.
COURT. Q. Do you know where Rogers lived? A. No, I do not exactly. This timber was taken from my Limehouse premises - Foreman was principally engaged there - he was all that Friday in that yard; no timber sold on my account has been removed from my premises, only little trifling things, of a few shillings value - Rogers had no authority to sell; he had no authority over the other workmen.
JOSEPH BEAL. I am a Police-constable. I apprehended Baxter at his own house yesterday.
Foreman's Defence. On the Friday morning I was going to work, and went and got 1d. worth of coffee down by the dock-gates - I there met Rogers, whom I had not seen for some time before; he said could I do a job for him - I said I could not, it got too near six o'clock; he said I might as well earn 1s., which Mr. Dixon allows us to do - he said, "Get a boat, and take that timber, and I will go and get the crane ready at Stone-stairs;" the tide did not set till a quarter to seven, and he came twice to me to say what a while I was - I said if he could get a man to do it quicker I would go on; he said, No, as I had the job, I might go on - I took it up when there was water, and then I was asked if I could not book it on; I said, No - I staid a quarter of an hour; they then asked me again, and I put the books, and they took it up, and paid the man for it, Ibelieve - I then asked Mr. Rogers for the 2s. he was to give me, and he went to Mr. Baxter, whom I had not known before, and got some money of him; he then gave me 2s., and said he would in the afternoon give me a drop of gin. and gave me the 6d. to pay the lock-man - I went and got my breakfast, and went to work, as I had lost a quarter of a day, which is 9d.; I leave it to the Jury to say if I should be guilty of such an error to be torn away from my wife and family, as I have been - Rogers was in the same employ with me, and he had hired a cart of Mr. Dixon, to carry bricks to some buildings of his.
MR. DIXON. He did request that a man might go and get some old bricks, and I told the man to go and do it -Foreman was not at liberty to do any work without asking leave; he must have seen my name on the timber.
Foreman. If I had known it had been Mr. Dixon's I should certainly have stopped it - I was glad to earn 1s. for my wife and family.
Baxter's Defence. Rogers came to me on the 7th of April, and asked if I wanted any timber - I said I did, but I had bought of Christopher and Son for many years; he said, "I have some timber I obtained from over the water, by exchanging laths" (I knew he was a lath-render) - he said he wanted 3l. 5s. a load, and it was good Memel timber; I said, "Where can I see it?" he said, "It will be at Rain's wharf to-morrow morning, at half-past six o'clock;" I went there, and waited till seven, and then it came - I went and helped to land it; I measured it, and there were thirty-four feet - I gave him the price he asked me; it came to 2l. 2s. 6d., and 2s. carriage - it was taken to Poplar, and unloaded in an open yard, next to the East India-road; I know nothing of the timber, except what he told me, that he had obtained it by exchanging laths for it.
FOREMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.
BAXTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .(See page 569.)
