



2273. 




ELEANOR SULLIVAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of October, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d.; 1 seal, value 1d.; and 1 watch-key, value 1d.; the goods of 



James Martin, from his person.






JAMBS MARTIN
. I am a sailor belonging to the brig Rebecca, and live in Wellington-street, Newcastle. On the night of the 13th of October I met the prisoner by Ratcliffe Highway—we walked down the street, and stood and talked a little while together, and then parted—in about five minutes I went to see the time, and missed my watch—I told the police—I did not give it her—I had not the least communication with her.

Prisoner. You said, had I any clothes in pawn? Witness. No—I did not go into a public-house and treat you.





EDWARD KENNEDY
 (police-constable K 228.) Between eleven and

twelve o'clock, on the night of the 13th of October, I received information, and went to No. 4, Twine-court, to a woman of the name of Carr—I found the prisoner there—I told her I wanted her—Mary Ann Holland was there—said, "You know what I want, let me have it"—Holland said, "It is no use, "and gave me the watch out of the box—the prisoner heard that.

Prisoner. I made no answer—I looked at her, and she said, "It is no me he most have it."





MARY ANN HOLLAND
. I live at this house. Between eleven and twelve o'clock that night the prisoner rushed in—I said, "Why don't you come in as you ought to do?"—she told me to hold my tongue, she had got something, and said, "Will you have any thing to drink?"—I said, "No"—the landlady awoke up—she asked her to have something to drink, and she refused—the prisoner whispered to me, "I have got a watch in my bosom, "and the landlady said to me, "Take it, I will send for an of feer"—I had hardly taken it when the officer came in, and said he wanted her—he said, "It is no use, I want it"—I went to the box, and gave it to him.

Prisoner. The landlady gave you 6d., and you went for rum and shrub, and brought the officer in—you know you are the biggest thief of all-you said you wanted a gown, and you would come up against me—you came out of prison that same day. Witness. No, I did not—I did not go oat at all.

Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor—he asked where I was going—he said he did not like to go home, as he was married, and he would give me his watch if I would go up that dark turning with him—I said I would not, he might come home with me—he went to the door, and then suddenly disappeared—I thought he was gone for a few minutes, so I gave it to the landlady to take care of—I had not been in ten minutes before the police man came in, and said, "You know what I have come for"—the servant said, "It is of no use to you, you must give it up"—if I had intended to steal it I could have made off with it.





JAMES MARTIN

re-examined. I did not give it her, nor want her to go with me.




GUILTY
.* Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.
