






341. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     KELLY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of December
, 25 gloves, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Foulkes
                  




               
            .
JOSEPH COLE. I am a Police-constable. On the 11th of December, about ten o'clock at night, I was walking through Buckeridge-street, St. Giles', in plain clothes, and saw six persons together - I laid hold of the two prisoners and took them into a house; I found on Collins four pairs and a half of silk gloves, and two pairs of leather ones -I saw Kelly throw something behind him; I looked, and found it was four pairs of gloves - the prisoners said they had picked them up; the next morning I found they had been taken from a window in Tottenham-court-road, and went to the place I took them to, and found four more gloves, which had been on the coals.
JOHN EGERTON. I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Foulkes
               



            , a haberdasher and hosier
, of Tottenham-court-road


. These gloves are all his property - I missed them at half-past nine o'clock on the evening of the 11th of December; there were twelve pairs and an old one taken from the window - they are all here; the window had been broken half an hour before, and had been mended with paper, which was also broken.


                  JOHN 
                  LEPPARD
               



            . I saw the two prisoners loitering about the prosecutor's shop for some time, about nine o'clock that night.
Kelln's Defence. I was sent with a horse and chaise, and had 1s. for it - I went to a cook-shop with this prisoner, and spent 8d. of it; when we came out we found the gloves laying on the curb.
KELLY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
COLLINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
