





Before Mr. Justice 
               
                  James 
                  Parke
               



            .
320. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PAKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of November
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 chain, value 18d.; 1 seal, value 8s.; 1 time-piece, value 14s.; 1 musical-box, value 27s., and 1 hat, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Careless
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
SAMUEL CARELESS. I live in Garden-row, Brick-lane, St. Luke's


, and am a brass-finisher
 - the prisoner was in my employ. On the 18th of November I left him in my shop, about ten minutes past five o'clock, and went down into the kitchen, and in two or three minutes I heard a little jumbling in the shop, which is up stairs - I heard somebody come down, and shut the street door; I ran up, and missed my watch, which had a seal and a steel chain - I had left it hanging up at the farther end of the shop; I also missed a time-piece out of the parlour, a musical snuff-box, and a hat, which I had seen safe about half-past one o'clock - the prisoner never came to the shop again; I did not see him till the 18th of December - I owed him 4s. or 5s. when he left; I had had the watch four years, and gave 3l. for it; I gave 14s. for the time-piece, about two years ago, and 27s. for the musical-box - I found the prisoner's hat left behind in the shop.


                  ROBERT 
                  REED
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on the 18th of December, in Baldwin's-place, Baldwin-street - I took a person, named Jabens, at the same time, on another charge - I found a seal on Jabens, which I produce; the prisoner said he had given it to Jabens, because it was of no use to him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GROVE
               



            . I am a serjeant of the Police. I found a phosphorus-bottle in the room the prisoner was apprehended in - the woman, who occupied the room, said, in his hearing, that it belonged to him; he made no reply.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CARELESS
               



            . Nobody but the prisoner was left in the shop, and only me and my wife were in the house; she was in the kitchen with me all the time - the prisoner must pass the parlour door to go out; this seal is mine, and belongs to the watch.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 11th of November he accused me of stealing a watch and other things, and on the 18th I said if he did not raise my wages I should leave him - we had words, and I asked his wife to lend me 4s., which she did; I put my clothes on, and left - he said he would fit me somehow or other.
SAMUEL CARELESS. I said no such thing - he borrowed nothing of my wife in my presence.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
