





648. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     JENNINGS
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of December
, 1 watch, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Rose
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ROSE
               



            . I am the wife of John Rose - we live in Walter-place, School-house-lane, Ratcliff


; my husband is a waterman
. On the 6th of December, I called in the prisoner to sweep the kitchen chimney, about ten o'clock in the morning - my husband's watch was hanging over the chimney; when the prisoner had got the machine about half-way up, he told me to take down the watch, which I did - I put it into a basin on the dresser, and covered it over with a little silk bag; I went up stairs to get some money, and left my little girl in the room, but she went out to see if the machine was up the chimney - I was away about a minute and a half, and when I came down she was out in the yard; the prisoner soon finished the chimney - he made some difficulty about putting the soot into the bag, and I asked if I should hold it; he said No - I paid him 4d., and he went away; I missed the watch in about ten minutes - no one had been in the house but him, from the time I had put it into the basin; I received information, and went to White's-yard, Rosemary-lane, saw the prisoner, caught him by the jacket, and said,"Where is the watch you took from Walter-place, Schoolhouse-yard, where you swept a chimney this morning?" he said, "You had better come and see;" he struggled, got from me, and ran as hard as he could - I value the watch at two guineas; it cost me four - it was as good for me as when I bought it; my daughter is twelve years old, but she is very ill - I am certain no one was in the house but her and the prisoner.
Prisoner. Before she saw me she wanted to swear to another man of the name of Fossett. Witness. No - a Policeman took another person, but I said that was not the man. I was informed he either resorted to, or lived in White's-yard - I went there, he came out of a passage, and I caught him.


                  DAVID 
                  FOSSETT
               



            . I live in Essex-street, Commercial-road. I have known the prisoner a great while - two Policemen came, took me to the office, and the prosecutrix was going to swear to me, till I took her under a gaslight, and said, "My good woman, what are you going to swear to?" I took off my cap, and then she said I was not the man - if I had not spoken to her, she would have sworn to me, and I should have been where the prisoner is now; I never knew any harm of the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
