




116. 




THOMAS BYGRAM
 and 




BENJAMIN DRAPER
 were again indicted for

stealing, on the 
12th of November, 4 bushels of oats, value 13s. the goods of 



William Wells, the master of Bygram.






JOSEPH WHITE
. I am a labourer, and lodge in Old Cock-lane, Bethnal-green. On Tuesday, the 12th of November, I accompanied Draper to load some dung at a yard in Shoreditch—and after we had done that, I saw Bygram bring a sack of corn from some where—I cannot say where—he pitched it by the side of the cart—Draper asked me to lend a hand with it, and I did—it appeared to me to contain oats—I had my hand on the sack, and carried it into the art—it was put into the fore part of the cart, and Draper covered it over with a tarpaulin—I then went with the two prisoners to a public-house, and we had a pot of beer—I there saw Draper give Bygram something, but I cannot tell what—before I saw Bygram, Draper told me he was going to take some comfor the horses.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did he not say, "A little corn for the horses?" A. Yes—I was taken up—I never saw the inside of the sack—I am a labourer, and go about the country—I have been used to ploughing—I have not been used to handle sacks a great deal.

Q. Have you not said it might have been empty sacks in it? A. It was not empty sacks—they were on the top of the dung—I said I could not swear it was corn, because I did not see the inside—I was sworn before the Magistrate—I told the clerk that the sack might have contained empty sacks, for aught I knew.





ELEAZAR MEADOWS
. I saw the dung loaded on the 12th of November, and while Draper was loading the dung, Mr. Wells showed me one of the nose-bags which had his name on it—I did not see Bygram that day.

Cross-examined. Q. There was no difficulty in seeing the name? A. No, I saw it very plainly—I cannot tell whether it was made out of an old sack—the nose-bag was on one of the horses in the team driven by Draper.





ALFRED SADLER
. I am foreman to Mr. Wells. Bygram had charge of the corn in the stable—my master's sacks have his name on them—I missed one sack of corn from the stable on Tuesday, the 12th of November—on the Monday fifteen quarters had come in—on the Tuesday there ought to have been eleven, and there were but ten and a half—I cannot say whether one of the sacks was missing—they were fifteen quarters of a particular sort, and four of them went out—the horses were not feeding on that corn at all.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see these fifteen quarters come in? A. Yes.

Bygram. There were four quarters, and a-half drawn up—they were not sent out, but drawn up, and six and a-half of another sort were mixed with them, and then five quarters of the mixture went out—the boy who was there can give the same account Witness. I am quite sure that only four quarters were drawn up, and not four and a half—I was there, and gave the order.





WILLIAM WELLS
. Bygram was in my employ—he bad the control of

all the corn in the stable—in consequence of information, and my foreman finding the deficiency, I gave the prisoners in charge.

BYGRAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

DRAPER—


GUILTY
. Aged 51.




Transported for Seven years.
