



112. 




EDWARD M'QUILLIN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of November, 2 shillings and 1 sixpence, the monies of 




Ann Pike, from her person, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ANN PIKE
. I am single, and live at No. 3, Peartree-street, Westminster—I am an unfortunate girl. About half-past two on the morning of the 24th of September I met the prisoner in St. Martin's-lane—he said he wanted a night's lodging, and I hesitated, but a young woman with me called me, and advised me to take him to my room—we had one pint of beer in going—when we got home, I had not been there long before he, wanted me to leave the room, and go and get a pint of beer—"I would not," I said, "I never left the room to any one—he then took me up and threw me against the wall—I had been in bed—I got up and tried to get my pocket—he caught me, pressed me down to the bedstead, and ill-used me, and took the 1s. 6d. out of my pocket, which he had given me, and took another shilling besides, and ten duplicates—I got out of the room, and called up the young woman to get a policeman, and we went in, but could not find the duplicates nor the money—the prisoner put on his coat, and said, "Let me look"—he took the candle, and Said, "Let me look "—he went to the place we had been looking in, and said, "There they are "—but they could not have been there, or we should have seen them—my pocket was under my pillow—he showed two shillings, two sixpences, and one farthing, which he said was his own.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not give the other girl 1d.? A. Yes, and told her if I had more she should have it, but I did not wish to give her all I had—I quenched the light before I undressed myself—you felt me put my hand under the pillow, and asked what I was doing, and I made you no answer—you was not in bed ten minutes before you threw me against the wall—you gave me the 1s. 6d. to stop there all night—it was not under the head of the bed that you picked up the glove and money—it was by the side of the bed, and if it had been there we must all have seen it, and trod upon it.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not tell the policeman that you lost only nine duplicates? A. Because I forgot one which had been given me on the Saturday night—I said if you gave up the money and the duplicates before you left the room, I would not press the charge—I swore that he had a sixpence on him—it was a black sixpence, and a penny-piece, and he told me if I fetched any policeman he would break my head and those that came to take him.





ROBERT SUTTLE
 (police-constable B 97.) I was called about three o'clock in the morning—the prosecutrix told me she had been robbed of half a crown and ten duplicates—I went into the room—the prisoner was putting on his trowsers—the girl appeared to have been ill-used—her mouth was bleeding—I asked the prisoner what had become of the things—he put his hand into his pocket and pulled out two shillings, two sixpences, and a 1 1/4 d.—one sixpence was quite black—I then searched the room for the duplicates, but could not lind them there—I put the candle down—he took the

candle, and said, "Let me look for them," and he stooped down and took them up close at my feet, at a place I had looked in before.





DANIEL MAY
. I produce this certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—the prisoner is the man—he was tried, and sentenced to be transported for life.

Prisoner. I plead guilty to that.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Life.
