






142. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     ROCKALL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of October
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Roberts
                  




               
            .


                  ISAAC 
                  ISAACS
               



             (police-sergeant E 8). On Sunday, the 27th of October, I was in Holborn


 at a quarter-pasteight o'clock. I saw the two prisoners close behind the prosecutor; Rockall stepped up in front of the other prisoner, and took a handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket - I took hold of him immediately; he scuffled and threw the handkerchief down - I told my brother officer to go and tell the prosecutor that his pocket was picked- the prosecutor returned and took up his handkerchief - we took the prisoner to the station-house - Brown stood close by; he was taken by another officer - I had not seen the prisoners speaking to one another.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did the other officer see the handkerchief thrown down? A. I do not know; he was close by me - he was running after the prosecutor when it was thrown down.


                  EDMUND 
                  DAVIS
               



             (police-constable E 86). I was there, and saw the prisoners walking by the side of each other; I did not see them speak together - I saw Rockall step before the other prisoner, behind the gentleman and lady; he put his hand into the gentleman's pocket, and 
               drew
             the handkerchief out - I ran after the gentleman, and told him; he missed his handkerchief - we came back - Isaacs had hold of Rockall, and Brown was standing by; he might have made his escape - I had seen the prisoners before.


                  EDWARD 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I lodge in Regent-street. On the 27th of October, I was walking in Holborn; the officer told me my handkerchief was gone - I returned and picked it up within a few yards of the prisoners.
Rockall's Defence (written). About eight o'clock on the evening in question, I was hastening home, through Holborn, to my father's house, when to my surprise, I was taken into custody on the present charge; and what added to my surprise was, that the prisoner Brown was taken as an accomplice. I can assure you, my Lord, that I never saw him, before he was apprehended.
Benjamin Wyatt and 
               
                  William 
                  Stayer
               



             gave Rockall a good character.
ROCKALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BROWN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            

