



1057. 




SARAH CARTWRIGHT
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
4th of April, 1 watch, value 10s.; 1 seal, value 5s.; 1 watch-key, value value 2s.; 1 watch-chain, value 1s.; and 2 half-crowns; the goods and monies of 



William Taylor, from his person.






WILLIAM TAYLOR
. I am a shipwright, and live in Burr-street, Lime-house. On the the night of the 4th of April, I met the prisoner in Mile-end-road, from a quarter past nine to ten o'clock—she asked me to go home with her—we walked up and down Mile-end-road a long while—I found she had no place to take me to—we went into a public-house and had a pint of porter—she then came out—we walked about, and she took me into a bye-place and took the watch from my pocket, and my money, likewise—two half-crowns I can swear—I think there was other money—I cannot say when I had seen my watch—it was near twelve o'clock when I missed my property—we had been in the bye-place some time, and then I went after her—she was crossing the road, I asked her for my watch, and she gave it me immediately—I had given her nothing—she had asked for nothing—we only a pint of porter.


Prisoner Yes, we had three quarterns of rum—we went down this turning, and he gave me a half-crown piece. Witness I gave her no money at all—she extracted it from my pocket.

Prisoner The policeman knows that I was crossing the road, and he can prove I never saw the watch. Witness He was not there when I got er—on my oath I gave her no money at all—I did not allow her to take my watch—I never knew she had it.





JOHN WEST
 (police-constable K 277) I was on duty in the Mile-End-road, between twelve and one o'clock—I heard a cry of "Police"—the prosecutor charged this woman with robbing him—he delivered the watch to me in going down to the station-house, stating that she had stolen it from him, and wished me to take possession of it—when I first took her, she had her hand in her pocket, or under her clock—the next witness took hold of her hand, and kept it in that position—the prosecutor was perfectly sober.

Prisoner This man said, "Come back"—I came back, and he said, "If you got the man's money, give it him back." Witness I did not—I called after her when she was running away, and desired her to come back.





ROBERT EDWARDS
 (police-constable K 23) I went to the assistance of West—the prisoner's had was under her cloak—Taylor said he had been robbed of two half-crowns—i heard some money jink—I caught hold of her arm, and, in the struggle, she pulled her pocket her pocket outside her clothes—I held her hand in the pocket, and took her to the station-house, and found two half-crowns, two sixpences, and 4 3/4 d. in copper, in that pocket; and she afterwards delivered up 8d. from her bosom—she said the two half-crowns belonged to herself, and she could prove it—she afterwards said, when the charge was being made, that one of the half-crowns was given to her by the prosecutor—the prosecutor was perfectly sober.

Prisoner I pulled out my pocket, and said, "You are quite welcome to see what I have got"—he said, "No; I don't want to see it here," and took me to the station-house—I went down the turning with this man for nearly half an hour—the policeman came past—i said, "I shall not say with you here any longer"—he said, "I shall have my money back," and I said, "No you will not"—I went away from him—was crossing the road, and he said, "Stop I shall give charge of you for robbing me"—his watch I never had at all.





WILLIAM TAYLOR

re-examined It is not true that I gave her money, and demanded it back again—I took the watch from her hand—I was perfectly collected to know what I was about—I had been at work—I had had three pints of porter, but not more than that, I am sure—i had no ran—I had a glass of gin at eleven o'clock—that is all.




GUILTY
. Aged 22—


Transported for Seven Years.
