





473. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     LIDDELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 3rd of December
, 5 cravats, value 5s.; 2 shifts, value 4s.; 1 pillow-case, value 6d.; 3 glass-cloths, value 6d.; part of a table-cloth, value 6d., and part of 2 shifts, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Watson
                        




                     
                  , well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute, &c.
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WATSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Watson
               



             Our house was broken open on the night of the 30th of November - the property that was found at the last prisoner'swasnotall I lost; I have seen some other things since, and the marks have been cut out and picked out of them, the same as the others; it was taken from my house by burglary.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Whether the marks were taken out by the person who stole these things you cannot tell? A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  MEAD
               



            . I am constable of Enfield. I went to the prisoner's house on the 3rd of December - I found a great quantity of linen there; this is it - here are five cravats and other things; Mrs. Watson has selected some part of it, which she knows; some of it was in the washtub, some on the backs of chairs, and some on the washingform; there are from thirty to forty articles in all.
Cross-examined. Q. Were they in the room into which the street door leads? A. Yes; the house is in a court, and as soon as I opened the door, these things were there.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FORSTER
               



            . I am a constable. I was present at the search of the prisoner's house: I found this top of a lady's shift in an old saucepan, by the side of the fire, covered with water; it forms a whole shift with this other part, found by Mead.
MRS. WATSON. This shift is one of the articles lost from my husband's house; it belongs to Mrs. Jones, of Hackney- it had her name on it, but it has been picked out - it was whole when I lost it; here is a table-cloth torn in half - it was whole when I lost it; here are some glass-cloths, with the name cut off.
Prisoner's Defence. It was brought to my house just as it is - I did nothing to it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for 14 years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
