





OLD COURT. - Friday, October 17, 1834.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1526. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     EDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
, at Ealing, 1 £10 Bank-note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Woodbridge
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Limond
                     



                  , Esq
.
            

JAMES WOODBRIDGE. I am in the service of Colonel 
               
                  James 
                  Limond
               



            , of Drayton-green, Ealing


 - I have lived there nearly four years. Early in March last I missed a £10 note from my box - I had left my key in the box - the prisoner was footboy
 under me - I had seen the note safe a few days before in my pocket-book - the pocket-book was not taken - I told him I had lost a £10 note - he assisted me to look for it, and said he knew nothing of it - I said I had got the number, and probably I might see the note again, and should know it - the prisoner left the house on the 17th of March, which was a few days after I missed the note - we did not know he was going - he was afterwards apprehended at Canterbury - (looking at a £10 note) this is the note - I gave master the number and date to take to the Bank - it is the number and date of the note I lost.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. When did you make the memorandum? A. Some time before I lost it - I took it from the note itself - the prisoner had been in the service five or six months - the Colonel had a good character with him - the trunk was in the servants' hall, which other persons had access to. I am certain I left the note in the pocket-book - I spoke to him immediately I missed it - that was three or four days after I had seen it.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SCHOLFIELD
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough street. I had information of this - I went to Canterbury, and arrived there on Sunday, the 11th of September, and received the prisoner in custody there from the gaol, in con - sequence of a statement in the "Hue and Cry" - I told him what I took him for - he said he found the note against the hall door, and changed it, and he thought his father had made it good - that he bought a watch; which I took out of pawn at Canterbury - he was in a respectable situation at Canterbury, and bore a very good character there.
MR. HOPKINS. I am clerk in the Cashier's department in the Bank. This note was paid by me in July - I have a memorandum of it, which I took from the bank book, I made it myself - it was paid in July - it is dated the 22nd of June, 1833.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you any other of the same number? A. There are never two notes of the same number and date.
Prisoner's Defence. When I left, he told me to leave the place directly, and I left at half-past three o'clock in the afternoon.
(
               
                  Ann 
                  Allen
               



            , dress-maker, Ealing; 
               
                  Frances 
                  McCase
               



            , No. 3, Circus Street, New Road; 
               
                  Betty 
                  Allen
               



            , Ealing; and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Eaton
               



            , Ealing; gave the prisoner a good character.)
GUILTY. - Aged 16. 


               Recommended to mercy
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
