



2346. 




WILLIAM M'CARTHY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of October, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of a certain man, whose name is unknown, from his person.






GEORGE THORNTON
 (police-constable E 91.) On the afternoon of the 9th of October, I was in Bainbridge-street, about five o'clock, and saw the prisoner following a gentleman—he put his hand into the gentleman's pocket behind, and took this handkerchief, and turned up Jones's-court—he then held it up, put it into his right-hand jacket pocket, and walked away—I ran after him, seized him by the collar, and said, "Here, I want you"—he said, "Then you won't have me"—he struggled, and in the struggle I took

the handkerchief from his pocket, and put it into mine—he got into a potato shop, took up a two-pound weight, and said, "Now, you b----, will you let me go?"—I said I would not, and he threw it at me, but it missed me—a mob of about three hundred collected, and he struck me in the face seized me by my * * *, and said, "Now, you b----, I will tear you * * * out"—he struck me, and bit my hand—I bled from the blown from his fist—I was four days under the doctor's hands, and had not my brother constable come up to assist me I should have been murdered by the mob—I called on a housekeeper to assist me, but he would not—I was dreadfully knocked about—I did not see who the gentleman was—he went on.

Prisoner. The blood on his face was from my head, where he struck me with his truncheon. Witness. I never struck him till my brother constable came up—my face was covered with blood, and so were my clothes—it was four or five minutes before assistance came.

Prisoner. The handkerchief is my brother's, he left it me when he went to America, six weeks ago. Witness. The prisoner said there was no initials on it, but there is A. M. on it.





WILLIAM CROSS
. I am a policeman. I was on duty in High-street, and went to Church-street in consequence of information—I saw a crowd round the officer—the prisoner struck him two or three times in my presence before I could get to his assistance—the mob were assisting the prisoner.

Prisoner. I did not see him till he took me—I said I would go with him—at the time the policeman took hold of me he was coining out of a bad house with a prostitute.





GEORGE THORNTON
 re-examined. I was not coming out of a brothel—Jones'-court has nothing but thieves and prostitutes living there—not a person can pass through Bainbridge-street but they have their pockets picked by such persons as the prisoner.

Prisoner. I took the handkerchief off my neck, and went up the court to fold it up when he took hold of me.




GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
