





336. 
               
                  
                     ALICE 
                     RICHARDSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of November
, 4 blankets, value 10s.; 1 rug, value 4s.; one bed-tick, value 3s.; 2 flatirons, value 1s.; 1 tea-pot, value 18s.; 1 yard of carpet, value 3s.; 1 sheet, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pillow-case, value 6d., and 1 candlestick, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Still
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN STILL
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Still
               



            , and live in Sugar Loaf-court, Dorset-street, Fleet-street


. These articles were in the third floor room in my house, which the prisoner lodged in; I let it in August at 4s. a week; her husband has been foreman at Mr. Wilkinson's, Ludgate-hill, for several years - all these articles were let with the room; the husband came with her to take the room, but did not live with her; he only came to pay the rent - after she had been with me for a short time, she was delivered of an infant, and she left in November, and in three weeks I had the room broken open, and missed the things - she had locked the door, and taken the key; her husband told me to break open the door, which I did, and missed the articles - I found she was lodging on Saffron-hill, and my son gave her in charge.


                  EDMUND 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Flemming, of Newgate-street. I have a rug which was pawned on the 13th of November - I was not present when it was taken; the person has left - 15d. was advanced on it.


                  FRANCIS 
                  GEORGE HERBERT
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Niblet, of Farringdon-street. I have four blankets, pawned at four different times - I took in two of them from the prisoner; I did not take in the rest - I lent her 2s. on each of them - the other person is not here; they are pawned in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Richards
               



            .


                  JAMES 
                  PERKINS
               



            . I am apprentice to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cottrell
               



            , pawnbroker, No. 99, Shoe-lane. I produce two shirts, pawned on the 25th of October by the prisoner, for 2s. - I have a flat-iron pawned, by her on the 30th of October, for 4d., and a carpet for 3s.; I did not take that in; the foreman who did, is not here.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . In consequence of information, I apprehended the prisoner on the 15th of December, in a back room, on Great Saffron-hill; she was intoxicated at the time. I found on her duplicates of part of the property - I found fifteen duplicates on her; one duplicate is for a tea-pot, pawned in Picket-street.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner pleaded poverty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 41. - 


               Confined Three Months
            .
