



350. 




CHARLES LEE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of December, at 
St. Bride, 1 bag, value 13s.; 2 coats, value 6l.; 1 pair of trowsers value 3l.; 2 waistcoats, value 16s.; 2 pairs of boots, value 1l. 16s.: 2 pair of shoes, value 12s.; 9 shirts, value 5l.; 6 pairs of socks, value 5s.; 1 handkerchiefs, value 5s.; 1 pair of razors, value 7s.; 2 brushes, value 6d.; and 1 dressing-case, value 15s.; the goods of 



Edward Sherman.—2nd COUNT stating them to be the goods of 



George Marshall.






WOOLFREY JAMES MIDDLEDITON
. I am a porter at the Bull and month Inn. On the 16th of December I went to Oxford-street to meet the Wincester Sovereign coach, and came with it into the City—I sat at the him part of the coach till I got to Chancery-lane, and then got in front-them was a carpet bag on the roof—it was about a quarter past nine o'clock in the evening—when I got to the end of the Old Bailey in Newgate-street, I stopped to set a gentleman down; and when I got down I fount the prisoner lying along on the top part of the hind boot of the coach—I said, "Yes have no business there, get down"—he did not seem much inclined to get down, but called me a fool—I took hold of him to put him off, but a person with a cab drove up and said, "Do not part with that man, do not put him down, pin him, he has robbed your coach of a carpet bag"—I turned my eye and missed the bag, and secured him—he gave me three or four very tremendous blows about the head: and three or four others came and assisted him, and jumped on me—I do not know who they were there were seven or eight upon me at once—I was on the ground holding the prisoner—several attempts were made to get him from me—I believe they all intended that—I was compelled to let him go for a moment, being over powered, but another person secured him—I am certain he is the man I saw on the coach—the bag belonged to a gentleman named Marshall—I have not seen it since.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Who brought the Prisoner to you after you lost sight of him? A. I saw him in the custody of another man who drives a cab—he is not here, that I am aware of—I saw him again in

about half a minute, the moment I got on my legs—the bag was lying loose on the top of the coach.

COURT. Q. The prisoner was not a passenger? A. Certainly not, we had one passenger sitting on the box, and two behind the box, but none behind the coach.





JOHN PHILLIPS
. I am a cab driver, and live in Galway-street, St. Luke's. was going up Fleet-street, near St. Bride's Church, when the Worcester coach was coming along, on the 16th of December—I saw the prisoner behind the boot of the coach, between the two seats—he took a carpet-bag off the roof, got down on the near side, and I lost Bight of him—I followed the coach, and saw it near the top of the Old Bailey—I am sure it was the prisoner who took the bag—I pasted close by him in my cab—I could see him distinctly, there was a good gas light, so that I could distinguish his features and dress—I followed the coach—it stopped previous to my getting to it—overtook it at the corner of Newgate-street, and found the porter telling the prisoner to get down, saying he had no business there—he was on the coach then—he must have got on again—I said, "Collar him, or pin him, for he has robbed the coach of a carpet-bag"—directly they came down, he knocked the porter down three or four times—he fought most desperately, and knocked the porter about most shockingly—a man jumped on the porter when he was down—I forgot to mention, that directly the porter and the prisoner got off the coach, the prisoner threw something down which appeared to be keys—I felt on the ground after the scuffle was over and found a key which the constable has—it is capable of opening the boot of a coach.

Cross-examined. Q. At what pace was the coach going when you saw the bag taken from it? A. I should think six or seven miles an hour—I was on what we call the gay, creeping up alongside the pavement, looking put for passengers; in fact, I was looking at the coach, thinking I might get a job from it—I turned round and saw the bag going—I was on the off-side of the coach going towards Temple-bar, and the coach was coming from it—I was on my near-side, the left hand, going towards the Bar—the coach was coming on my right—the prisoner got off on the opposite side to me—I saw him altogether as plainly as I see you now—I could see him for more than half a minute, or perhaps not so much—his back was side to me—I saw his face—I cannot say for how long—the moment I Bent by the coach I saw him take the bag—I called out to the coachman as loud as I could, but there were fifty or sixty cabs and coaches about me or I should have been able to stop him with the bag—I tried to turn Bond, and could not for some time.





MICHAEL DOWNEY
. I am a watchman of St. Sepulchre's. I assisted in securing the prisoner—he made no resistance—I found him lying on his back in the street—I was sent out by the ward beadle with two other watchmen to secure him—the struggle was over before I came up.





JOHN PHILLIPS

re-examined. The prisoner knocked the porter down several times—at last a cab man laid hold of him, and he knocked him down—nobody could manage him—I saw but one other person hit the porter, and then jump on him when he was down—I saw the man pull the prisoner down from the coach, they came down together.





DANIEL DUYAL
. I live in Arlington-street, and work for Westley the book binder. I saw the porter struggling with the prisoner in the Old bailey—the prisoner said to him, "Do not be a fool"—pretending intoxication—I saw the prisoner put his hand into his pocket—he took it out, and

I heard something drop—Phillips felt about, and found a key, and I found another key—the porter was shamefully ill used, and violently treated—the man who was behind me beckoned to the prisoner, and then the prisoner pitched into him—the man struck the porter with his fist—I saw no jumping—I saw the other man rush on the porter.

Cross-examined. Q. What do you mean by pretending to be intoricated? A. Why he said, do not be a fool, and staggered about—I did not say any thing before the Magistrate about his pretending to be intoricated—I did not think of it at the time—I said I saw a man behind me beckon to the prisoner, he was at the left side of me—they were not struggling then—1 was standing still at the time—I turned my head and saw him—I did not see any body jump on the porter—I saw a man rush on him—it is all the same—the prisoner showed in the station-house that he was not drunk—he laid down on the floor, but when he got up, he sat on the seat straight enough—he confessed to the officer that he was not drunk—I did not tell the Magistrate that—they did not ask me, and I did not think of it.





GEORGE MARSHALL
. I live in Northampton-square, Goswell-street I came from Oxford by the Sovereign coach—I had a carpet-bag and other luggage on the roof—I sat on the front of the coach, behind the box—I saw my luggage safe at the West-end of the town—it was taken off the back, and put on the roof to be handy to take down—I went to the corner of the Old Bailey, and found a disturbance there between the prisoner and the porter, and my carpet-bag was gone—it contained the articles stated—I have not recovered any of them.





GEORGE MANVERS
. I am an officer of St. Sepulchre's. I searched the prisoner, and found a pair of gloves, a handkerchief, and knife, on him.
(MR. PAYNE, on behalf of the prisoner, urged that the witness phillip might be mistaken in his identity.)





WOOLFREY JAMES MIDDLEDITCH

re-examined. The keys that were found did not belong to me—I had the key of the boot in my pocket.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
