



2407. 




SAMUEL FORD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of September, 1 purse, value 1s., and 1 sovereign, the goods and monies of 



John Wells, from the person of 



Amy Wells.






JAMES DAWSON
. I belong to the printing-office of Balne, brothers, Gracechurch-street. I was in Smithfield on the afternoon of the 4th of September—I was passing through from my dinner—I saw the prisoner and three other young men, and the prosecutrix—the other three came close to the prosecutrix, and seemed to take particular notice of her—when she stood still they all closed round her—the prisoner was on the right side of her, and in less than a minute I saw him draw his hand from her right pocket, and he went away with the others towards the pens—I saw the prisoner hold up his hand as if showing something to the others—I told a policeman—he went after him, but the prisoner had gone away—I told another policeman, and he took the prisoner—I then returned, found the prosecutrix on the spot—I told her—she put her hand into her pocket, and missed the purse.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were there many people about?


A. Yes, but no others near to them, nor within about a yard and a half—no persons were between the prisoner and me—I was not certain what he was at, till I saw him draw his hand from her pocket—I did not seize him, because I thought it better to tell the policeman first—the woman was leaning on a rail, looking at the side end of a show—I was not looking at a show—neither the purse nor money was found—I think the prisoner was in West-street, when he was taken, about a hundred yards from where the woman had been standing.





AMY WELLS
. I am the wife of John Wells, who is a watch and clock-maker, and lives in Percival-street, Clerkenwell. Dawson came and said I had had my pocket picked—I missed a bead purse with a brass snap, containing one sovereign, which was my husband's money—I had it safe when I left home—I went straight to the fair—there was a hole in the bottom of the purse, and I had rolled it up, and pinned it, and put it in my right pocket.

Cross-examined. Q. How long before did you know you had it? A. Between a quarter and half an hour.





WILLIAM WILLIAMS
 (City police-constable, No. 174.) My attention was called to the prisoner by Dawson—he was going from three other persons—I took him, and found 4s. 1d. on him, but no purse or sovereign.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you take him? A. In the street that leads from St. John-street to the fair the woman followed me—shortly after the place was pointed out to me where the show was—I took the prisoner about eighty yards from the spot—I searched the pens for the purse, and could not find it.




GUILTY
. * Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.
