




959. 




ELIZA TOYSBIN
 and 




ELIZA TOYSBIN, JUNIOR
, were indicted

for stealing, on the 
13th of March, at 
St. Martin, Ludgate, 84 1/2 yards of silk, value 10l., the goods of 



Joseph Barnicott, and another, in their dwelling-house.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be in the dwelling-houase of 



Joseph Barnicott only.







JOSEPH BARNICOTT
. I am a draper, in partnership with John Parker, and live at No. 29, Ludgate-hili, in the parish of St. Martin, Ludgate. The prisoners came to our shop on Friday evening, the 16th of March, between seven and eight o'clock—I saw them in the shop, and in a short time my young man, Clemow, informed me he suspected the younger prisoner had purloined some article, she having gone out of the shop at that time—we immediately went after her and brought her back—she was waiting just below the house—we charged her with taking away something, which she positively denied—on lifting her cloak on one side, we discovered this piece of silk under it—seeing that she had several bundles at the time in her hand, I sent for a police-officer to examine them, and he discovered two shawls and various other articles in them—I found the private mark of some shop on the shawls, but not of our shop—the silk is ours, and mensures eighty-four yards and a half—it is worth 10l.—I can swear to it—I believe some has been cut from it, but it is now eighty-four yards and a half.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How do you know the silk? A. I recollect having purchased it six weeks or two months previous—I have about twenty-five shopmen—they are all authorized to sell goods and receive money for goods—I can swear I never sold it myself.





FRANCIS CLEMOW
. I am a shopman to the prosecutor. On the Friday evening, the prisoners came into the shop together, between seven and eight o'clock—the elder prisoner asked for flannel—I sold them one yard of flannel—she then inquired for muslin—I had to fetch the muslin from up-stairs—(in consequence of alterations in the shop, the muslins were taken up-stairs)—I sold them a short length of muslin and some calico—the younger prisoner asked her mother for a length of silk—on the counter, by the side of the prisoners, was a pile of silk, three or four feet high—the girl wished to have a piece of black figured silk taken out of that pile—the mother preferred a plain silk instead of figured—while I was fetching a piece of plain black, for which I went seven or eight feet away from them, the younger prisoner upset some shawl handkerchiefs off the counter, a the floor—I told her to be more careful, and not throw the goods about a that way—I sold her half a yard of the silk which I fetched: and while I was getting some other things, this piece of silk was pulled out of the pile over where I took the black silk from—the girl pulled it out herself, out of the four-feet pile—I was convinced there was something not right, seeing her hand constantly under her cloak, and she had a bundle before her on the counter—while I was doing up their parcel, I went round to inform my master—the girl said to her mother, "I may go now?"—the mother said, "Yes," and she went—I immediately acquainted my employer, and we both ran out and brought her back—she was next door, just below our premises—she had turned round to look, and was stopping when I first saw her—we found this silk under her cloak—the mother was still in the shop, and when the girl was brought back she made some exclamation—I cannot positively swear I had seen this piece of silk in the pile, but I saw the girl take it out of the pile—our mark is on it—it is my master's—I had seen it before—I cannot exactly say when—I know it is the piece she took, because it was taken out next to the one I had taken out just before—it is worth about 10l.—the elder prisoner could not leave the shop, after I told my master, as there were several young men there.

Cross-examined. Q. Can you say that piece of silk was in the pile?


A. Yes—a piece of silk was taken from the pile, and this was taken from her—I cannot swear I had seen that piece in the pile—I spoke to my master loud enough for any body to hear in the shop—the elder prisoner beat the child, a few minutes after she was brought back.





WILLIAM STANTON
. I am a policeman. I was sent for, and took the prisoners into custody.

Eliza Toysbin's Defence. I did not know my daughter had the silk—when she went out of the shop she took my bundle off the counter—the gentlemen turned round and went after her, and they brought her back—she thought I was behind her, as she had seen roe lay the money down to pay for what I had, and there was nothing more—the gentlemen took me up-stairs, but found nothing more on me or the child.

Eliza Toysbin's, Junior, Defence. I thought my mother had bought it—she was buying silk—there were ladies on the other side, and I did not know but she had bought this—I was noticing the ladies, and not noticing exactly what mother was buying.
(Sarah Street, Widegate-street, Bishopsgate; James Mitchell, cabinet-maker, Rose and Crown-court, New Broad-street; Thomas Kemp, grocer, Milton-street; John Humphreys, fancy trimming-manufacturer, Golden Lion-court, Aldersgate-street; and Celia Mitchell, Rose and Crown-court; gave the prisoners a good character.)

ELIZA TOYSBIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

ELIZA TOYSBIN, Junior—


GUILTY
. Aged 9.




Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.
