





Before Mr. Justice Park.
2017. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BARCLAY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of September
, 2 lbs. 11 ozs. of silk, value 5l. 7l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Bonsor
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Popkin
                     



.


                  ROBERT 
                  SENECALL
               



            . I am foreman to 
               
                  Henry 
                  Bonsor
               



            , silk-manufacturer
, of Stewart-street. On the 13th of September I gave a cane of silk, weighing 2 lbs. 11 ozs., to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Barclay
               



            , to weave - she is the prisoner's sister; the gross weight was 3 lbs. 7 ozs. - she took it to Popkin's house: on the morning of the 15th, a letter, written by the prisoner's mother was given to me - I then gave information to the Police - it was worth 5l.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. Was it worth that in the state you delivered it? A. Yes; it was worth 2s. 6d. an ounce - the nett weight would come to 5l. 7s.; it cost that.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POPKIN
               



            . I live in Farthing-street, Spitalfields


, and am a weaver. On the 14th of September a young woman, who passed as the prisoner's sister, brought this silk to my house to be spread; I know the prisoner - he has been in my shop once - he had nothing to do with my business, but at times two or three of a family come about business - he came on the 14th of September, between nine and ten o'clock; my wife called me down to bring the cane to him - I came down, saw him, and said"There is the cane;" I gave it into his hand, and he walked away with it - my wife called to me, in his presence, and said, "You must bring that came down, for it is not weighed" - that the young man had come for it, because it was not weighed; he went away with it in his arms - he said nothing, in my presence: I had no doubt it was right - I have never seen it since.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you tell the Magistrate it was a fair young man who came? A. I did not - I said I could not swear to the prisoner; I have worked for his mother for two years at different times - he came once with her to pull on a came: I knew him by sight - I do not swear to him now: this happened about ten minutes after I received the silk - he was in his shirt-sleeves when he came.


                  MARY 
                  POPKIN
               



            . I am Popkin's wife. This silk was brought to our house by Barclay, and in about ten minutes her brother, as he said, came for it; I am quite sure the prisoner is the person - I opened the door to him: he said he had come for his sister's came, for it was not weighed; I stood at the door, and saw my husband deliver it to him- I have not seen it since: I do not know that I ever saw him before; he was not above two or three minutes at the door, and did not come in.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you always said you were sure of him? A. Yes - he had no coat nor hat on, and his shirt-sleeves were tucked up: I took particular notice of his features, and am positive of him.


                  THOMAS 
                  BICKNELL
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoner.


                  MARY 
                  ANN BARCLAY
               



            . I am the prisoner's sister. I received a cane of silk on Tuesday, the 13th of September; I took it to Popkin's, to be turned on - I authorized nobody to go for it, and have not seen it since: the prisoner used to turn the work on sometimes; I did not send him to fetch it.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it not your mother who worked for Mr. Bonsor? A. Yes, I fetched it for her- I used to make it myself; I cannot say my mother did not authorize him to fetch it.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  BARCLAY
               



            . I am the prisoner's mother. The cane of silk was brought to my house from Mr. Bonsor's- I sent it by my daughter to Popkin's, to be turned on; she went for it again about two o'clock, but came without it - I never sent my son for it, and never saw it again; I have occasionally sent him to turn on other canes.
Cross-examined. Q. You sometimes sent him to turn on canes? A. I sent him to turn this on, but did not know whether he would go, and sent my daughter; I asked him in the morning to turn it on - he said he had a little business to do, and could not.

Prisoner's Defence. I was with Warren, a dyer, and my mother knows at the time it happened that I was at home - I went about twelve o'clock to Warren's, to ask him if he would go to work with me in the afternoon; he did not, and I returned to Jones', in Spur-street, and met Allport - I came with him down the Old Bailey; he said he was going over, and I waited at Allcroft's earing-house till he returned.


                  CHARLES 
                  WARREN
               



             attended to prove an alibi, but his evidence did not relate to the day of the robbery.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
