




2157. 




WILLIAM LYNES
, and 




WILLIAM ALTON
alias


GEORGE ALDERSON

, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
8th of October, 1 sack, value 2s.; and 3 pecks of split peas, value 6s.; the goods of 



Walter Mechaux.






WALTER MECHAUX
. I am an oil and colourman, and live in Acton-street, Gray's-Inn-Road. On Thrusday evening, the 8th of October, I missed a sack containing three pecks of peas—it had the mark of W. Burroughs on it—this is the sack, and these are the peas, to the best of my belief—the sack has the same mark on it—I saw it safe at six o'clock that evening.





CHARLES GRINHAM
 (police-constable S 156.) At a quarter past seven o'clock on the evening in question, I met the two prisoners in Eustonsquare—Lynes had this sack on his back—I asked him what he had got the sack—he said peas, and that he had got them from Middlesex-street—he said, "You know me very well, I know the reason why uou stop me; it is because I am with Alderson"—I asked what he was going to do with them—he said to give them to his father's houses, because they were damaged—I opened the sack, and found they were split peas—I said he must go with me—I put the sack on my shoulder, and he attempted to run away, but I caught him by the cuat—while that was doing, Alderson went

away—I do not know whether he ran or walked—I did not see him till the next night—I took Lynes to the station-house—he said a man gave him the sack an peas to carry—I took Alderson on Friday night, in Judd-street—I told him I took him for being with Lynes—he said he had not been with him, and he had not seen me take him.





FREDERICK WILLIAMS
 (Police-sergeant, S 144.) On Tuesday evening I saw the two prisoners together with another person; they were standing at the corner of Somers-place, in Somers-street, not far from Euston-square—they were together—I turned and looked at them—I reported it to the sergeant—he told me to make haste round to see if they were there, but they were not there then.

Lyne's Defence. I was employed by Alton to carry them.

Alton's Defence. I assure you I did not employ him—I met him in the New-road—he said he was going to take the peas to his father's
(Sarah Goodman and James Light gave Lynes a good character.)

LYNES—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Three Months.

ALTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Severn Years.
