





528 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     NEVILLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing; on the 17th of January
, 1 coat, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cooper
                  




               
            .
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  COOPER
               



            . I live in Monument-yard, and am a tea-dealer
. On the 17th of January, about half-past five o'clock, I left my coat in my chaise, in Pudding-lane


, in care of my servant, and in about ten minutes the prisoner was brought into my counting-house with it - I have had it twenty years.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Has it not changed its appearance in twenty years? A. Yes; it is marked all over - I can swear to it from its general appearance; here are some stitches which I put into it myself.


                  JOHN 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Cooper, and was in care of his chaise; I perceived the coat going out of the back of the chaise - I looked, and it was gone;I saw the prisoner in possession of it; somebody said,"He is coming" - the prisoner threw it down, and ran away; I pursued, and he was secured - I had seen him throw it down; it was taken to Mr. Cooper's house.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it dark? A. Rather so; I never lost sight of him - he turned two turnings, and was taken in Gracechurch-street, but I was further from the wall than him, and did not lose sight of him; I was three or four yards from him, opposite the corner - he was in dark clothes; I am sure he is the man - I saw him the whole time; nobody else was running - he turned to the left into Eastcheap, and to the right to Gracechurch-street.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was passing down Fish-street-hill, and heard a cry of Stop thief! the prisoner ran towards me - Saunders was pursuing, not above seven or eight yards behind; nobody was before them - he had not got the coat when I stopped him; it was afterwards produced, and claimed by Mr. Cooper.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it dark? A. No, the gas was lighted.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming up Cannon-street, and on crossing over I saw a number of people running - I went to see what was the matter, and accidentally ran against the Policeman; my hat fell off, and I fell down - this man charged me with stealing the coat; if any body else had happened to have fallen they might have said so.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for 14 Years
            .
