





1636. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MANDER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of July
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 1 chain, value 10s.; 2 seals, value 10s., and 1 key, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Tyrell
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Shaw
                     



.


                  ANN 
                  TYRELL
               



            . I am a widow
, and lodge in the first floor front room of Mr. John Shaw's house. On the 11th of July, about twelve o'clock, I saw my watch hanging in the cupboard by the fire-side; I then went out about the door, with my son's baby, leaving the room door open - I returned in about half an hour, but did not miss the watch till about four o'clock, not having occasion to look for it; it was worth about 5l. altogether - I believe the two seals were gold, and the chain; I am not a judge of the value -I saw the prisoner in charge with it at the Mansion-house on the 19th: the key was then gone.


                  JOHN 
                  BUGG
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Spinks, a pawnbroker, of Gracechurch-street. On the 12th of July, about ten o'clock in the morning, the prisoner pawned this silver watch, with two seals and a chain, for 4l. - I received information three days afterwards that it was stolen; I went to Bow-street, and was told to stop the party if any application was made for it - I met the prisoner in Cornhill as I went home, and gave him in charge; I understood him to say he had had it from a captain, merely out of a frolic, and he knew nothing about stealing it, that the person's name was Germain, and he had gone into the country; he told the Lord Mayor he was gone to Ipswich, and he was remanded to bring the person forward, but he never came.
JURY. Q. Did the prisoner frequent your shop? A. I never saw him before; I know him by his being lame in his right hand and foot - I saw him among a number of persons, at a fire in Cornhill.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  LOVELL
               



            . Bugg gave the prisoner into mycharge, in Cornhill; I told him the gentleman charged him with felony - he immediately said, "I suppose it is for a watch?" I said I believed it was - he said, "I have made that all right, it is only a joke; I have sent to Mr. Germain to set it right;" I went to his lodging, and found a letter addressed to Germain, who lodged, at the public-house where the prisoner did; I have been there several times, but he has never appeared.
Prisoner's Defence. I certainly pawned the watch, but as to stealing it I did not.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
