





455. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of January
, 1 pocket, value 6d.; 2 shillings, 1 sixpence, 24 pennies, and 12 halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James Charles 
                     Aldred
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  CHARLES ALDRED
               



            . I am a green-grocer
, and live in Upper Cornwall-street, St. George's


. On the 3rd of January my wife was taken very ill, and went up stairs to lay down - she pulled off her pocket, and gave it to me in case I should want money; I was at dinner with my sister-in-law and her husband - there was a knock at the door; I passed the pocket to my sister-in-law, and opened the door - the prisoner was there; she came in and sat down by the side of my sister - she got into conversation, and asked for a halfpenny worth of chesnuts; I had none; she sat talking some time - in about half an hour she went towards the stairs, and then went home; my sister asked me if I had taken up the pocket- I said, "I saw it in your hand;" she said, "I laid it down on the stairs, and it is gone" - I went to the prisoner's house, which was fourteen or fifteen yards further - I saw her looking out at the window; I said I wanted to speak with her - I took her to my house, and said,"My wife's pocket is gone;" she said she knew nothing of it; I got an officer - he asked her what she knew of it - she said nothing; he went to her room, and found five shillings and a halfpenny among the coals; the pocket has not been found.


                  ANN 
                  AMELIA
               



             ALDRED. I gave my husband the pocket with from 5s. to 7s. in it; there were three sixpences, some shillings, and about 3s. in copper; there were two halfpence, which I think I could swear to.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  GASKIN
               



            . I am the prosecutor's sister-in-law. I had the pocket in my possession, and put it on the corner of the stairs while I stirred the fire; the prisoner immediately got up, said she would go home, and went out - when she was gone I looked on the stairs, and the pocket was gone.


                  JAMES 
                  FOGG
               



            . I went to the prisoner's room. The witness said, "Look well, and you will find the pocket"- the prisoner said, "I have taken very good care of that;" I found two shillings, one sixpence, and 6 1/2d. in halfpence and farthings, among some coals in a basket, and one sixpence was outside the basket; some linen had been burnt on the fire - there was the tinder of it; the prisoner said it was the scum of some broth she had made - here are two halfpence, which the prosecutor's wife says she recollects taking of a child.
Prisoner's Defence. I was there in the morning drink ing with these people; I was very much in liquor, and know nothing of the pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
