





513. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     William George 
                     Robinson
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  GRIFFIN
               



            . I am a linen and woollen draper - on the morning of Wednesday, the 19th of February, I was on Ludgate-hill


, returning from the theatre, about two o'clock in the morning - the gas lamps were burning - it was a very light night - I was walking with the prosecutor, who had been to the theatre with me - as we returned home we saw the prisoner; she made up to us, and took hold of the prosecutor's arm - I pushed her away - she came a second time - I pushed her away again - she came a third time - I threatened to give her in charge - the prosecutor felt and missed his handkerchief, and charged her with it - she said he might search her - he felt her bosom, and as she turned round I saw the handkerchief drop from her - he recognised it as his property - it dropped from her right hand.
WILLIAM GEORGE ROBINSON. I am a farmer
 - I was with Griffin - the prisoner accosted us two or three times and took hold of my arm - I had my handkerchief in my left hand pocket - I felt her take it out - I turned round and charged her with it - she denied it, and said something about searching her - I saw her drop it, at least I saw it before it got on the ground, close to her.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. It is false - the gentleman put his hand into his pocket on my leaving him, and his friend said,"Have you all your property safe?" - he said, "I do not know" - he looked down, and his friend said, "You have got his handkerchief" - I said "Search me," and then he said, "Oh there it is" - his friend had three or four handkerchiefs in his pocket, and in pulling them out I suppose he must have dropped it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GEORGE ROBINSON
               



             re-examined. I had two or three handkerchiefs in my pocket, but very different ones to this; they were not all in the same pocket - there was nobody near us - I had had a glass or two of liquor, but knew what I was about.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
