



612. 




THOMAS HOGAN
 was indicted

for breaking and entering a building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 



Frederick Farrand, on the 
7th of January, at 
St. Mary Magdalene, Bermondsey, and stealing therein 1 saddle, value 5l.; one bridle, value 2l. 10s.; 1 crupper, value 6s.; and 30 account-books, value 20s.; the goods of the said 



Frederick Farrand; and 6 saws, value 2l., the goods of 



Henry Turner Munyard; and 2 saws, value 9s.; and 1 jacket, value 3s.; the goods of 



Thomas lsaac.






HENRY TURNER MUNYARD
. I work in the employ of Mr. Frederick Farrand, of Long-lane, in the parish of St. Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey. I am a carpenter—I was at work there on the 7th of January, and at six o'clock I left work—I left my tools in the shop, at the back part of the premises—there is a fence and yard—the shop is within the yard, adjoining the house—on the Thursday evening, when I left work, I saw all the men out of the shop, and locked the shop door—I left six saws, hanging up at the end of my bench—I went at seven o'clock the next morning, and found a ladder stationed at the counting-house window—I saw the window had been broken—the counting-house forms part of the same buildings—there was room enough for a man who was not of every large dimensions to get through the place—I found the counting-house had been torn about, the cupboard broken, the shop door broken open, and the marks where a chisel

had been applied to the bolt of the lock—I went into the shop, and missed six of my own saws, and seven belonging to parties who were at work with me—I received information that a man had been stopped with some saws at the station-house—I went, and saw thirteen saws—six of them are mine, these are them—I had seen the saddle safe in the counting-house half-an-hour before I left.





THOMAS ISAAC
. I am a carpenter, and work on these premises. I had some saws safe that evening—there were two mine stolen—they were found on the prisoner—he had a flannel jacket of mine on, when he was at Union Hall.





FREDERICK FARRAND
. I examined this counting-house, which had been all safe on the evening of the 7th—my attention was called the next morning to a ladder raised to the counting-house, and the window had been broken—I found the door of the workshop had been opened—I went and found the cupboard broken, all the locks were forced, except the iron safe—the drawers and closets had been ransacked, the books and bills were all gone; and the saddle, which had been left there the night before—the bills and papers were all found in this bag, which was stowed away under the shed, ready to be carried away—I should suppose the saddle was worth about 3l.—this is crupper of it—there can be no doubt this is my crupper.





HENRY SNOOK
 (police-constable R 80.) I was on duty on Grange-road, Bermondsey, on the morning of the 8th, and saw the prisoner with thirteen was on his back—I stopped him, and asked him where he was going with them—he said, to a new building at Dartford, for the man to work with them—I asked where he brought them from; he said, Long-lane—I asked him who was his employer; he mentioned some name which I do not remember—I said I was not satisfied, and he must go to the station-house—I took him there—he had a flannel jacket on, which I produce—the saws were tied up with the crupper, which is here.

Prisoner. I was very much intoxicated. Witness. No, I do not consider you was—you had been drinking.

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down Long-lane; on the road-side I saw something white, which was this jacket; and under it were the saws—I thought of taking them home till I found the right owner, and I should get rewarded.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
