






Fifth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Serjeant Arabin.
930. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WILLSHAW
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WILLSHAW
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of January
, 1 iron chain, value 25s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Tappin
               




            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the Prosecution.
JAMES TAPPIN. I am a lighterman
, and live at Brentford - about the middle of December I sold a barge called the "Emma" to Mr. Burrows, No. 12 Wharf, Regent's-canal


 - it was laden with coals - I only sold the barge - this chain was in it, but the coals were on it, and we could not get at it then - there was another barge moored alongside the "Emma" - the prisoners were on board of it at work - I asked them to take care of my chain and put it into Mr. Burrows's stable, and I would give them some beer - they said there was nothing like the time present, and I gave them a gallon of beer that day - this is the chain - it is worth 25s. - I did not give it to either of them to get beer.


                  JOHN 
                  PERRATON
               



            . I am clerk to Charles Burrows, No. 12 Wharf, Regent's-canal - I was present when Mr. Burrows bought the barge "Emma" - the two prisoners were engaged for two or three days in getting the coals out - I saw John Willshaw take a chain out of the barge which had all the appearance of this, and throw it into the water - that was about the 23d of December - I asked him what it meant, and he said it was all right - James Willshaw was just by and must have heard it - I remember John Willshaw coming to me with an officer about the 6th of June - I was having my breakfast in the counting-house at the time - he said to me, "Do you wish to hang me, or have me transported; what is it about?" - I said it was about a chain that he threw into the water from the "Emma" barge - he said, "The chain I threw there lays there now, for so help me God, I never touched it; it is under the machine" - he pointed out the spot, and I, with the assistance of a man, raked there for nearly an hour - we found a small chain, but not the one he threw over.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. This was so long ago as the 23d of December? A. Yes - it was not dark - we do not work in the dark - there were four persons at work there - no one saw him throw it over - I think he did not try to throw it on shore, it was too far for him - I am son-in-law to Mr. Burrows - I have had no quarrel with these men, nor has Mr. Burrows - one of them borrowed a shovel, and Mr. Burrows took him before a magistrate, and the charge was dismissed - I recollect walking on the side of a barge, and to save myself I took my hand out of my pocket and drew out half-a-crown, which the prisoners talked of looking for - I do not know whether they did or not.


                  CHARLES 
                  WOND
               



            . I am a barge-builder and live at Shadwell - I was at Mr. Burrows' counting-house when he paid for the barge "Emma" - the two prisoners were at work in a barge next to it - there was a chain left under the stern-sheets of the "Emma" - Mr. Tappin told me of it, and I was to take care of it - the prisoners must have heard it - I remember the beer being given, I drank part of it - it was to take care of the chain - I fetched the beer - I helped to repair the "Emma" - I saw the prisoner and two other men unload the "Emma" - I went on board as soon as it was unloaded - I saw the two prisoners - I asked them if the chain was there, they said no.


                  HENRY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Poulson
               



             - his wharf is No. 11, Regent's Canal - the prisoner James Willshaw came there, and brought this chain - he said Mr.Tappin had sold a barge to Mr. Burrows; that he had made a kind of a good bargain of it, and Mr. Tappin had given him the chain to clean out the barge, and to make a little beer - he asked me 7s. for it, and I gave it him - I kept the chain in a shop where other chains are kept, belonging to Mr. Poulson - in consequence of what I afterwards heard, I named it to Chapman in a week afterwards - the prisoners came to our wharf with two officers - James Willshaw said if Mr. Burrows wanted to know where he got the chain, he would soon produce the man if he would let him go - Mr. Burrows asked him what the man's name was, and he said "Tappin" - he then asked if he was wanted - Mr. Burrows said no, it was not his chain; and the officer said they would write to Mr. Tappin - in a few days afterwards James Willshaw came to the wharf alone, and begged of me to let him have the chain, as if I did not, there were four or five of them in it, and they would be transported - he offered me the money which I had given for it, and said he would throw it into the canal anywhere - I made answer that I would keep the chain till the right owner had it - I afterwards went to a public-house in the neighbourhood, and both the prisoners came there, and begged of me to let them have it back - they said there was themselves, and 
               
                  Tom 
                  Moore
               



            , and 
               
                  Bob 
                  Smith
               



            , all in it, and they drank the beer over the way at Stevens's - I refused to let them have it - I took it into my bed-room, and kept it till the officer and Mr. Tappin came - this is it.
Cross-examined. Q. When did James Willshaw sell it? A. On the 14th of January - I can state accurately what he said - he said, Mr. Tappin had made a good job of selling the barge to Mr. Burrows - the chain was of no use to us - I do not know that the prisoners had been in custody before I saw them at the public-house.


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . This is the chain I received from Mr. Smith.


                  JANE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Smith
               



            . I was present when the prisoner James Willshaw came to my husband on the subject of the chain - he said, "For God Almighty's sake let me have the chain: I will keep it for a few days and throw it into the cut - only let me have it, or I shall be transported" - whilst my husband was absent, I asked James Willshaw how he came to do it - he said he did not know - he said he had a wife and several children, and it was for their sakes he wished to get off - I said,"What did you do with the money?" - he said, "I went over the way, where I and three or four more of us spent it in beer" - he said it was the first offence he had ever been guilty of, and he would never do the like again - I told him that was the result of being too fond of beer - when my husband returned he again requested to have the chain, and said my husband would get fourteen years' transportation, as he would be punished worse than he should - my husband said young Burrows (meaning young Perraton, who generally goes by that name) had seen him throw it over - he said, "It was not me: some of the men did."


                  CHARLES 
                  BURROWS
               



            . I live at No. 12, Wharf, Regent Canal. I purchased the barge "Emma" - the two prisoners were in my employ, and assisted in unloading the barge - about a week after John Willshaw was in custody - I was on the wharf - the chain was then in Mr. Poulson's warehouse - the prisoner James Willshaw was there - I asked him how he came by the chain - he said master gave it him - I said I did not understand the term master: I would have some name mentioned - he then said Mr. Tappin was the man who gave it him, and if I did not believe him, he would bring Mr. Tappin forward - I believe this is the chain - I asked John Willshaw about throwing it overboard - he said it was under the machine, and if we raked for it, we should find it - a small chain was found there, fit to chain a dog up.
Cross-examined. Q. It was in December you bought the barge? A. Yes: the prisoners have been employed there ever since till they were taken.
MR. TAPPIN. This is my chain - I never authorised either of the prisoners to sell it.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen that chain under the stern sheets? A. Yes, about five days before, when the barge went away from Chelsea before it was loaded - I know it is the same chain by a particular marked link in it, which I had marked by a blacksmith - you do not see one in five years marked like it.(
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brett
               



            , a coal-dealer of Rosomon-street, and 
               
                  John 
                  Arnold
               



            , gave the prisoner James a good character.)
JAMES WILLSHAW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JOHN WILLSHAW - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
