





842. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WELCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of February
, 2 quarts of wine, value 4s., and 2 bottles, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Sadd
                  




               
            .
JAMES SADD, JUN. My father keeps an hotel
, at Poplar


. On the 22nd of February, we had four dozen of champaigne in - the prisoner brought it; he is servant
 to Mr. Bulroy - it came in four baskets, and there was a pipe and a hogshead of other wine; the prisoner took it into the cellar I saw him and one of the men unpack it, and they deposited it in the wine-cellar; there was other wine there - I saw the prisoner go on into that cellar; the straw was not returned to the baskets - it was put up with the champaigne; I saw one basket which was not taken out of the cellar, and I took that out - nothing was said about that basket; I believe the men took the baskets out of the cellar - I went up to the bar, and sent our lad down; I did not see any straw left in the baskets - I found one bottle of red wine, and one of white in the bottom of one of the baskets tied down; the prisoner said that basket was broken, and that was the reason it was tied down - I could not say whose wine it was, but my father had that description of wine in his cellar.
JAMES BOON. I live with Mr. Sadd. I was at home when the wine was brought by the prisoner and two tacklemen - the prisoner took two empty baskets out of the winecellar, and wanted to leave one in, but my young master took it out; he then came up, and told me to go down and mind the men - I went down: the prisoner said, "Put these two baskets up the flap," and I tried to do it, but they would not go up - the prisoner then took an empty basket, went into the wine-cellar with it, put two bottles in, and tied it up: I did not see what he did in the cellar, as the door shut immediately after him - he came out and tied it up; I suspected there was something in it - I went out, and told my master; the prisoner threw it up to be put into the cart, and my young master went and took it - I swear it was an empty basket when he took it into the cellar.
Cross-examined. Q.There was no straw in the basket? A. Yes, there was a little he put in - I could not possibly swear it was my master's wine; I told the Magistrate the prisoner took the basket into the cellar, but I did not say I saw him put the wine into it - my master had been holding a candle, but he had gone up to the bar, and sent me down.
MR. PHILLIPS to MR. SADD. Q. Did you speak to the other two men about the wine that was in the basket? A. I do not recollect that I did - Boon said he saw the prisoner go into the cellar with the basket, and the other two men said they would attend if they were wanted; it was the other men put the basket into the cart from the flap.
MOSES 
               
                  JOSHUA 
                  STONE
               



            . I am the officer. I took the prisoner and the wine - there were two vintners' porters there; the prisoner said he knew nothing about it, and so did the men - I took the two men, who took the wine from the prisoner, and put it into the cart.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in the wine-cellar putting away the champaigne - Mr. Sadd was holding the light, and the two men stood alongside the binn where they suppose this wine came from; this hamper was tied because it had no binges, but who tied it I do not know - I never went out of the cellar; the porters handed the baskets out, I never touched them - I valued my situation, where I had worked eleven years, more than to do that; I wentinto the cellar as the place was nearly up to our knees in water, and I put the basket against the door that I might see with the light where to get the wood - I came out with two pieces of wood and the basket, which I put down against the cellar-door; the two porters were in the cellar the whole time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
