





Second Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1315. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     PEPPERILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of April
, 9 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Mantle
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MANTLE
               



            . I keep the Catherine-wheel public-house, at New Brentford




. The prisoner was about two months in my service - I had no other servant
; this money was in a purse which was locked up in a drawer in my bed-room - the key of the drawer hung in a cupboard in the bar; nobody could get to it but my wife and myself - the cupboard was not locked; we never left the bar together - the prisoner had access to it; on going up stairs on the 14th of April I missed nine sovereigns out of the purse - the drawer was still locked; I had seen the money safe a fortnight or three weeks before - I told my wife, and about four days after the prisoner had every thing on new that she wore; I had not mentioned my loss to her - I then asked how she got those new clothes, and after some hesitation, she said she found 5l. in silver and two sovereigns by Captain Thompson's steps in a purse; his house is twenty or thirty yards from mine - I asked when she found them; she said one afternoon when she went out with the child - we sent for her mother, who said we might feel satisfied that she had found the money, but she had more than 7l. for she had given her 1l. besides what she had bought the clothes with; she was backwards and forwards while her mother said this - her wages were 5l. a year; we paid her 4s. 6d. a fortnight or three weeks before, as she asked for money to buy a pair of shoes - her mother said she knew a Mrs. Carrington had lost the purse of money; I have been to Mrs. Carrington and find there is no foundation for that; nobody but the prisoner ever went into the bed-room - there is only one child; the beadle tried the key of her box to my drawer, and it opened it and locked it quite as well as mine - they are both alike; I did not lose the purse.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DURBAN
               



            . I am constable of Brentford. I took the prisoner in charge and tried the key of her box, which opened the prosecutor's drawer; she gave a purse up to Mr. Clayton, the Magistrate - there was no money in it; I cried the purse, and a gentleman named Powell informed me that about Lady-day he lost a purse with about 9l. in it; he lives at Brentford-butts, not far from Mr. Thompson's - he is not here; I have known the prisoner five years, and never knew any harm of her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MANTLE
               



            . The purse was tried before the Magistrate, and will not hold 5l. in silver and two sovereigns.
Prisoners' Defence. I found the purse on Lady-day as I was going to my mother's; there was 8l. 7s. in it -I gave my mother 7l. 2s. and kept 25s., and bought some new things; on the 17th of April my master said I had torn a shirt - I asked if he could prove his words; he asked if I could prove how I came by my new clothes -I told him I found that money; my mother asked if he had lost any thing - he said No, that he had suspicion of my being dishonest; I left the place as mistress was always throwing this in my face - I asked master to search my box, he would not, and said he would give me a character, - on Wednesday he had me apprehended; I can prove he said he did not know whether he had lost any money or not - the people would come forward if they knew when I was to be tried; a letter was sent abroad to a gentleman who had lost some money, and master said if he could not hurt me for that, he would for damage I had done, that he had not lost money but would swear he had for spite - he takes in tramps of all sorts to lodge there, and his keys are always about.
WILLIAM MANTLE. We have had no quarrel whatever; I was continually losing things while she was in my house.
JURY to 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  DURBAN
               



            . Q. Did the prosecutor give any contradictory statement before the Magistrate? A. I do not recollect that he did.




               GUILTY (of stealing, to the value of 99s. only
            .) Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .

Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
