





1087. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     GODDARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 2d., and 1 watch-key, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Phineas 
                           Borrett
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  PHINEAS 
                  BORRETT
               



            . I have retired from business
, and live on my means. On the 13th of April I went with a friend to the Bull inn, Aldgate


; there is a pastrycook's-shop at the corner, and a door opens into the passage of the yard of the Bull - I was going up the passage or gateway, and saw a coach coming down; the prisoner stood at the door of the pastrycook's - I put my hand on his shoulder, and said, "Go in, or let me go in," but he did not seem disposed to move; when the coach came up to us he made a bolt at my watch, and went out with the horses - I called out "That man has got my watch," and he was taken within twenty yards of the spot - this is my watch.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long before you missed your watch had you seen it? A. I could not see it in my pocket, but I know it was there - I am nearly eighty years of age, but I have not lost my senses yet- I did not feel the watch go, but I felt the jerk, and the bolt he made gave me suspicion - I said, "My watch is gone;" he did it dextrously; I had seen it a quarter or half an hour before - I was going up the gateway, and he tried to place himself in the way, that I should not go in the doorway; there was no push till the horses came up, then he pushed, and took my watch, but he used no violence.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEST
               



            . I was at the Bull inn, Aldgate - I went to the hackney-coach door, let the steps down, and took out the prosecutor's luggage; a coach was coming down the yard, and the prisoner took the prosecutor's watch out of his pocket; he ran off, and very nearly pushed me down - I did not pursue him, but staid with the luggage; I did not see the prisoner stopped, but I will take my oath he is the person.
Cross-examined. Q. On which side of the coach was the pastrycook's door? A. On the right side, and I was on the same side; I did not say the coach was between me and the prisoner; I said I was at the door, and the coach was coming down the yard - the prosecutor gave me the care of his luggage; the stage-coach was coming out of the yard as the hackney-coach stopped - the stage was between me and the prisoner; I saw him in custody in about ten minutes - I did not see any strange man come up with the watch, and say to the prosecutor, "Here is your watch - that man is innocent;" I swear it did not pass.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KINNERSLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I was coming from Petticoat-lane to Aldgate church, and heard a cry of Stop thief! the prisoner came right up to my face- he was running, and turned short into Black Horse-yard - I pursued, and took him in the gateway; a small struggle ensued, and he stooped to throw something down, but I could not see what - a great crowd collected; I pushed him into Mr. Manning's shop - the prosecutor came, and said, "Have you got my watch?" I said, "No, I saw him drop something, but I don't know what;" I begged a gertleman to go and look, telling him where I had seen something dropped - one of the persons brought in the watch, and the prosecutor owned it.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know who brought itback? A. No, it was a gentleman whom I begged to go and see what the prisoner had put down - I swear he did not say, "Here is the watch - that young man knows nothing of it;" I begged the gentleman to go round the corner and look for the watch, but I do not know where he did go - when I heard the alarm no one was running before the prisoner - some persons were pursuing him; I did not state before the Magistrate that I saw him running with others - I was not running; he faced me - I do not think I stated he was running with others; if I did I did not speak the truth - I really do not think I did say so.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am entirely innocent - I never saw the gentleman nor the watch.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
