



1239. 




JOHN STEEDMAN, alias 
William John Blackstone Steedman
 was indicted

 for bigamy.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





ELEANOR HAWKES
 I reside at Notting, but in 1825, I lived at Ampthill in Bedfordshire. It know Louisa Knollys Pulley—I remember her being married in November, that year, to the prisoner, at the parish church at Ampthill, by license—she appeared about thirty years old—I signed the register—my name was then Newman—they were married by Mr. Knapp, the vicar of the parish—I saw her alive a month ago.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE
Q. How long had you known her before? A. Five or six years—she told me her name was Louise Knowllys Pulley—I have heard her called by the two Christian names—her

mother's name was Knowllys, and she was named after her—I was present the whole time of the ceremony.





ELIZA PINENT
. I lodged, in January last, in Marshara-street, Golden-square I was out of service—I had been living with a lady—the prisoner lived servant with Mr. Roberts, who served the family and that was how he knew me—he made proposals to me in January last—a fortnight before we were married—I had saved up some money—he knew that—he said, "I have heard an old fellow-servant speak highly of you, and I should like to have you"—he said he had saved up 337l., and then I told him I gad got 126l. 12s. 2d.—we were married at St. George's Church, Bloomsbury, on Monday, the 25th of January last—he gave me the name of William John Blackstone Steedman, and said he was a bachelor—he lived with me about forty days—we went to Gravesend for two days, and then we came back to my own lodgings—he then went down to Cambridge to tool for a situation for business—just as we were going to church to be married, in the morning, he had 5l. 10s. of me, and the same day he drew out the interest of my money, which was 3l., and on the Thursday following he got 91l—he got all my money—I had a watch—he wore that, and tool it away with him—he left me at the end of that time to go to Maidstone, to take an inn—that was in the beginning of March, and on the Thursday after, I received a letter, dated from Bristal I told my father, and he made inquiries respecting him.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you married by license? A. Yes—he paid for that and the trio to Gravesend out of my money—we went by the coach, and came back by the steam-boat—I am thirty-one years of age—we staid at my lodging eight days—he went to Savory and Cox to buy some jewellery, for me to appear in at his friends, but he took it all away with him—I lived at the Mess, at Knightsbridge, to learn of the mencooks there—I went there on a job—there was on reason why I left there—I was first under Mr. Finchard; the name of the last person I was under I forget—I was not turned away, I am quite sure—I had saved my money in service—I have been in service from a child—I do not know Jones, a butler—when I lived at Mr. Wilton's, there was a butler of the name of James—he and I were good friends, but not more than fellow servants ought to be—I never washed his feet—when he was ill I took him up a pail of water—I never admitted to the prisoner that I had been intimate with James, and had taken up hot water as a blind to the other servant—I was not dismissed from the Mess-house, at Knightsbridge, for being locked up with a man in the pantry—I did not tell the prisoner so—I told him there was a man who wanted to take advantage of me, and that I told the gentleman, and I was merited for my conduct and behaviour—I did not know the prisoner had a wife living—I had no suspicion of it—I did not know any one to make the inquiry of—the prisoner gave me a most infamous character of Mr. Roberts—on the morning before be left me he told me that the whole expense of going about the country and looking for inns, had come to 30l—a friend of mine sometimes called upon us after our marriage; but he did not live with us—Mrs. Simmons is my sister—I lived with her about Whitsuntide last year—nothing was said before we were married about our being together as long as we could agree—no person in particular visited me while I lived with my sister—no tailor came—I never told the prisoner there was a tailor came to see me—I was angry with the prisoner when I found he had deceived me.

MR. DOANE. Q. Is there the slightest foundation for anything that has

been said against you? A. No, Sir—I was applauded by Colonel Reed when I told him what had been done y the man—I told the prisoner of it as we lay in bed; and he swore at me, and said, "If I catch you speaking to any one, I will cut you legs off".





GEORGE PINSENT
. I am the prosecutrix's brother—I was present at her marriage with the prisoner, at St. George's Bloomsbury.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know of her living at the Mass-house? A. Yes—I do not know how she came to leave; she never told me—I saw her while she lived with Mrs. Simmons—I did not know of any tailor coming there—she has been in service ever since I can remember—she was out at place when she was at her sister's—I cannot tell how long she lived there.





HENRY WILLIAMS
 (police-constable D 51) I apprehended the prisoner. on the 7th of April at a coal-shed in Wellington-street, Blackfriars, and told him I wanted him on a charge of bigamy—he went into a little room adjoining the shop, and sat down, and said, "I can't think how I could have been such a fool"—on the way to the station-house he said, "I suppose they will send me out of the country".





ELEANOR HAWKES

re-examined. Q. How long after the prisoner and Pulley were married did you see them together? A. When they married he took a shop at Leighton-Buzzard, and I lived with them about a fortnight.





HENRY WILLIAMS

re-examined. Q. Do you know, of your own knowledge, that the prisoner was living with his first wife? A. Yes, he went in and spoke to her at the house where I apprehended him—I saw her there.

MR. PAYNE
to
ELIZA PINSENT. Q. Was any money expended on your dress? A. There was a common silk-gown bought, as he wanted me to appear in a silk-gown and jewels.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.
