



1660. 




WILLIAM YOUNG Was


indicted for stealing, on the 
23rd of June, 1 purse, value 2s.; 6 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, and 1 £5 not; the goods, monies, and property of 



Mark Morrell, from his person.






MARK MORRELL
. I am a brewer, and live at Oxford. On the 23rd of June, about three o'clock, I was outside the shop of Rundle and Bridge, on Ludgate-hill—I perceived somebody rub his hand against my pocket—I said, "That fellow has taken my purse out of my pocket"—the prisoner was quite close to me at the time, and I saw my purse drop out of his hand—it contained a £10 note, six sovereigns, and two half-sovereigns—one or two sovereigns dropped out of the purse on the pavement—I picked up the purse and one sovereign—another person picked up the other, and gave it to me—they were returned to the purse, and delivered to the policeman.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was there not a great crowd about the shop? A. There was—I am not mistaken in the hand which dropped the purse—I swear positively to the prisoner—there was another person taken up—the policeman collared them both—he offered to strike.

COURT. Q. Was the same person you saw drop the purse apprehended on the spot by the officer? A. Yes—I saw him collared directly.





WILLIAM FRANCIS
. I live in Swan-street, Minories. On the 23rd of June I was waiting to go into Rundle and Bridges's shop, and heard Mr. Morrell exclaim, "e has got my purse," or something to that effect—I saw a policeman holding the prisoner—I held the other man, named Clements—I saw the prisoner drop the purse at the time the policeman had hold of him.





GEORGE EDIS EVANS
 (City police-constable 21.) I was standing at the door of Rundel and Bridge's, and heard an alarm given—I laid hold of the prisoner—I observed something fall from his hand, and directly heard the gold chink on the pavement—I took him into Rundle and Bridge's shop, and the prosecutor gave me the purse, containing a £10 note, five sovereigns and a half—another gentleman gave me a sovereign and a half.




GUILTY
. † Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.
