





1311. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of June
, 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 ring, value, 5s.; 2 sovereigns; and 10 shillings, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Gibbs
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I am a tailor
. On the 27th of June I was returning from Vauxhall-gardens - I was quite sober- I fell in with the prisoner in the Commercial-road, she was walking along and appeared to be in a state of intoxication - when I got up to her she laid hold on my arm - I asked her what was the matter - she said, she had been out so late with a party of friends, and was afraid to go home to her parents, and she asked me as a favour to go home with her - I went half way down a street, and asked her which house it was, she then said she did not live there but in White Lion-street - I told her I could not go there, as I lived in Norfolk-street - she hung upon my left arm - my purse was in my left hand breeches pocket, and my watch was in my fob - I hade her good night and went away - I then missed my purse, which contained a gold ring, two sovereigns, about 10s. in silver or more - I knew it was safe three minutes before I saw the prisoner, and I had not met any other person - I then ran down the street, and saw a policeman at the bottom - I told him the circumstance, and the prisoner was taken on the 6th of July - I had not been with the prisoner more than three minutes.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  SCOTT
               



             (police-sergeant H 12). I received the information - I had seen the prisoner three times that night, and I knew her - I told one or two of our men, and she wastaken and lodged in the watch-house - I went and saw her, and took the prosecutor, who identified her as the girl - I went to her lodging, and found the duplicate of the ring.


                  JOHN 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker and live in Whitechapel, this ring was pawned by the prisoner on the 5th of July.


                  GEORGE 
                  GIBBS
               



            . This ring is mine, it has three letters on it, by which I can swear to it.
Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor, he walked with me some time, and asked me to go up a court, which I did, he then said, he had no money, but he gave me the ring off his finger as a pledge till the following night; but as he did not come, I kept it for a few days, and pawned it.


                  GEORGE 
                  GIBBS
               



            . There is not a word of truth in it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
