



1614. 




FREDERICK LEWIS
 was indicted

 for burglariously entering the dwelling-house of 



Andrew Pfeiffer, about the hour of 9 in the night of the 
20th of April, at 
St. Ann, Westminster, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 pairs of drawers, value 1s.; 2 shirts, value 1s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s. 6d.; 2 pairs of trowsers, value 2s.; 2 waistcoats,; value 1s.; 1 pipe, value 5s.; 1 pencil-case, value 1s.; 1 pocket-book, value 8d.; 1 pair of scissors, value 4s.; 1 brush, value 1s.; and 1 comforter, value 3d.; the goods of 



John Bernard Henry King: 1 pair of trowsers, value 11s.; and 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; the goods of 



Charles Robert Schindler: and 2 towels, value 1s. 4d.; the goods of 



Andrew Pfeiffer.






JOHN BERNARD HENRY KING
 (through an interpreter.) I am a German. I lived at the Grapes public-house, Old Compton-street—two of my countrymen lived in the same room. On the evening of the 20th of April, between eight o'clock and half-past, I left the room—I locked the door, and left nobody there—when I returned, about half-past ten o'clock, the door was forced open—I missed the articles stated in the indictment, which were in the room when I left it.





PAUL LINE
. I am a waiter at the Grapes, Old Compton-street, in the parish of St. Ann. Andrew Pfeiffer keeps the house—the prosecutor lodged there—I recollect a German coming to inquire for the prosecutor twice—I went up at a quarter and at half-past nine o'clock, to see if he was there, and found the door fastened both times—there were two towels I saw my master lent to the lodgers in the room on the Friday, this was Saturday—they were master's.

Prisoner. Q. Could I go into the house without being noticed? A. It must be some one that knew the house well—I never saw you till you were at Bow-street—a German was taken up on suspicion, and discharged—I never saw the prisoner at the house.

COURT. Q. Could he get up stairs straight from the tap-room? A. No, it is a private door—the room is up three flights of stairs—there is

no tap-room, only a parlour—people drink in the parlour and at the bar—a person must pass the parlour and the bar, and go out at the side-door—they could get from the bar up stairs.





CHARLES ROBERT SCHINDLER
 (through an interpreter.) I lodged with the prosecutor, at the Grapes. I left on the 20th, between six and seven o'clock—I returned about twelve o'clock, and missed a pair of trowsers which I had seen about one o'clock that day.





JOHN GRAY
. I am a policeman. On the 20th of April I met the prisoner in Holborn, going towards the City, with a bundle under his arm, a few minutes after ten o'clock at night, about a mile from the Grapes—he had a pipe in his hand—I stopped him, and asked what he had got in the bundle—he said clothes—I asked him what clothes—he said clothes he had bought that day of a Jew—I asked where—he said in Field-lane, which is at the bottom of Holborn—I asked him to show me the place—he said he could not show me the shop—I took him into custody, and found the bundle contained this property produced.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I bought them of a Jew, or a German, and gave 15s. for them—I told the policeman so.





JOHN GRAY

re-examined. He said nothing about a German to me.




GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
