





173. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HERRING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of November
, 1 gown, value 5s.; 3 aprons, value 2s., and 2 shifts, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Everard
                        



                     
                  ; 2 gowns, value 9s.; 2 petticoats, value 3s.; 2 shifts, value 4s., and 7 aprons, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah Eliza 
                           Cobb
                        



                     
                  ; and 3 table-cloths, value 8s.; 1 dresser-cloth, value 1s.; 10 towels, value 4s.; 3 knife-cloths, value 6d.; 1 apron, value 1s.; 3 dinner-covers, value 2s., and 3 tea-cloths, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Martineau
                        



.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  EVERARD
               



            . I am cook
 at Mr. John Martineau's, in the City-road


. This linen was washed at home - Mrs. Winterborn mangles for us; on the 19th of April, between one and two o'clock, the prisoner came to the house, and said, "Please, I am come for the basket of things to maugle" - I said she was not the person who mangled for us; she said she was the person's sister - I asked her name; she said Winterborn - I at last delivered her this property; most of it is my master's - she was a stranger to me.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you busy when she came? A. Not particularly so - I took particular notice of her, and am certain of her person.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WINTERBORN
               



            . I mangle for Mr. Martineau's family - I do not know the prisoner; I did not send her on the 10th of November, or at any time for the linen - I never received it; I went for it at two o'clock myself, and it was gone.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am an officer. I have a gown, which I found on the prisoner when I took her - also three aprons and seven towels, which I got from a pawnbroker.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met a woman at the corner of Goswell-street, who gave me the things to pawn - I had only been a fortnight out of place, and had got another situation in Portland-place.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
