






2041. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of September
, 12 bars of soap, value 18s., and 1 wooden case, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Crow
               




            .


                  CHARLES 
                  WEEKES
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor, Mr. John Crow - he lives in Ebury-street, Pimlico


. On the 15th of September, about eight o'clock in the evening, after doing up my horse, I went down into the kitchen, and sat down by the area; I heard a great noise at the door - I ran up, and this soap was gone; I heard it had been put into a cart by two men, who had gone on towards Buckingham-gate - I pursued, and met the officer coming back with the soap and case.


                  JOHN 
                  SARSFIELD
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On the night of the 15th of September I met Dickinson, and in consequence of what he said, I ran up Belgrave-place, and stopped the cart with the two prisoners in it - I asked Jones had he got any soap; he said he had, and that a man put it into the cart - I asked where the man was, and he said he did not know; I took him back, and had him taken to the station - this is the soap; the cart was going fast, and was going from Mr. Crow's house, which is at Pimlico.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was the horse galloping? A. No, trotting very quick - I swear that; I was not able to speak when I got up - it was a very small poney: I asked Jones had he any soap in the cart- I did not ask what he had got in the cart; that I swear- I had heard from Dickenson that some soap had been lost.
Q.When you asked Jones whether he had any soap, did he not say Yes, and point out Johnson as the man who put it into the cart? A. No, he never pointed out Johnson - he said it was a man he did not know; Mr. Crow's son told me to take the soap, and let the man go - I said that was the way to encourage thieves, and I never let Jones go out of my sight.
Q. Did not the cart, with the men in it, drive away from Mr. Crow's door with your consent, and did not you let it go? A. No - I did not let Jones go; he got out of the cart when we got to Crow's, and I had him taken to the station; Mr. Crow's man came to look at the soap -Johnson was in the cart, but Jones was on the road along with me, and I had him in custody; he did not go into Crow's - he went to the door; I did not see him show the soap to Crow's man - Jones did not go back into the cart; I had him by my side - the horse and cart were taken to the statibn-house in four or five minutes; I went back to Mr. Crow's for the soap; it had been taken into the shop- the person at the shop did not say he was quite satisfied.
CHARLES WEEKES re-examined. Q. How long before had you seen the soap safe? A. I suppose half an hour, or three quarters; I met the officer in the road bringing back the cart, and the two prisoners in it; when it got to my master's door I looked into the rail of it, and asked what they had in it - they said there was a box put into the cart to be taken to Westminster; I can swear to this box, but not to the soap - the box had soap in it when I saw it safe, and soap in it when I found it; there were twelve bars in it - I believe Jones went into the shop to my young master; I was at the tail of the cart - he went towards the door; I am not certain whether he went in- I did not hear Johnson give any account of the soap.
Cross-examined. A. Were there twelve whole bars of soap? A. Yes, and so there were at the office - it was then put into the officer's care; there are only eleven and a quarter now - I cannot account for that; I saw Jones go towards our house - I supposed he was going to rectify his own cause, if he could - I saw the cart go, and Johnson in it; Jones went with the officer and his assistants - I did not see the officer let him go; the soap was taken into the shop, and remained there twenty minutes.


                  JAMES 
                  DICKINSON
               



            . I live in George-street, Pimlico, and am a gardener. On the night of the 15th of September I was passing by the wooden bridge, at Pimlico, at a quarter-past eight o'clock; I saw Jones conveying the box of soap towards a cart, about a hundred yards from Mr. Crow's; he was not above twelve yards from the cart- there was a person sitting in the cart, but who it was I cannot say; I am clear that the man who put the soap into the cart was Jones, and they went off, soap and all, at a middling pace: I heard of the soap being lost, and told the constable which way the cart went - I heard him say, when the cart was brought back, that he had been employed by a man to carry it who had run away.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not point out Johnson as the man? A. No, he said the man had run away; I did not tell the Magistrate, but I mention it now, because my Lord asked me - I did not think of it when I was before the Magistrate; I did not know Jones before - I am sure he was the man; I did not notice his handkerchief - I think he had a blue coat on; I did not speak to him - the cart went off at a middling pace; I heard the officer say at the office, that when he got up they cut the horse to go on - I heard the gentleman at Mr. Crow's tell the officer to let them go, and the horse and cart, and Johnson did go away - I saw Jones get into the cart, turn it round, and he was in the act of driving it away when the officer brought him back.
COURT to JOHN SARSFIELD. Q.Do you hear what he says? A. He means at the time he put the soap into the cart.
JAMES DICKINSON. Jones got into the cart at Mr. Crow's.

Jones' Defence. When the officer called to me, I turned round, and met him; he said, "There is a bother about this, what have you got in the cart?" I said, "Here is a box, which a man put in, I don't know what is in it;" I said, "What is the matter?" he said he did not know - when we got to the shop the young master told the man to go and see what was in the cart; he said soap - it was taken out. and he said, "Go along about your business;" I got into the cart, and got about fifty yards - the officer came and took the cart; I got out, and he led the cart to the station - I followed it, or I need not have been taken.
Johnson's Defence. I was coming from Chelsea, and saw Jones; I asked him to give me a ride - the soap was in before I got into the cart.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
