



293. 




JOHN JACKSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of December, 7 sovereigns, and 1 half-crown, the monies of 



Alexander Wilson, from his person.






ALEXANDER WILSON
. I was a seaman on board the Wandsworth. On Tuesday, the 10th of December, I received nine sovereigns and some silver as my-wages, and went to lodge at Mrs. Skeet's, in Bluegate-fields—I gave her a sovereign in the course of the day, and changed another—I do not recollect whether it was in a public-house—after supper I came out with the remainder of the money about roe—I went to the Goose public-house, and met the prisoner there in company with another man—they Were my shipmates—I went with the prisoner to Fraser's beer-shop where he lodged, and got drunk, so as not to know what happened—I was aroused up about half-past eleven o'clock, as I understand since, and found myself at Fraser's—my money was all gone then—I was too drunk to know how it went.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You got into the company of several persons? A. There were plenty in the room—the prisoner was boatswain of our vessel—I bad only been one voyage with him from Quebec—we were on pretty good terms—I cannot answer for my conduct when drunk—it is not my fashion to take any thing from a man, and give t him again a day or two afterwards—the prisoner was drinking with me—I do not recollect changing another sovereign at a public-house—I might have done so—I fell asleep a short time after I got into the public-house—I cannot say how many public-houses I went into—I was at Frazer's, and the Swan public-house, or Paddy's Goose, as it is called—I do not remember any more—I came direct to the Goose from Skeet's boarding house with the money in my pocket—I cannot tell who was in my company—they were strangers to me—most of them are here—Kellers was one—I did not know him before.





CHARLES FRASER
. I keep a beer-shop at 145, Shadwell. The prisoner came to my house on the 10th of December—he borrowed a sovereign of me to buy a pair of shoes, because he was not going to be paid that day—I lent him a sovereign and a few shillings—he came at eight or nine o'clock in the evening with four of his shipmates—one was a little the worse for liquor, they say, but I did not perceive it—I did not notice the

prosecutor—I did not see him at my place—I swear—I did not see him, not to notice his face—I have never said so—I did not see the prisoner do any thing to any man—I did not see him search any body's pocket—he paid half-a-crown for two pots of beer and a broken window—(looking at his deposition)—this is my hand-writing—I do not know whether it was read over to me before I signed it, 1 think very likely it was.

Q. Now, I ask you whether you did not see Wilson in your beershop? A. I saw him—T did not see his face—if it was him he was lying down with his head on the table—I mean the man represented to be Wilson—I did not see his face—I did not see the prisoner do any thing to a man whose head was resting on the table—I have never said so, to my knowledge—I did not see any body put his hand into his pocket.

Cross-examined. Q. Were they in a back-room? A. No, a front room—there were about six there, all shipmates—they all appeared good friends—I thought they were all together—they had come there together in a cart from the ship in the West India Docks.

COURT. Q. What, the man whose head was lying on the table too? A. Yes—I saw the prisoner in custody next day.





JOSEPH JACKSON
. I lodge at Mrs. Skeet's, in Bluegate-flelds. I went to Fraser's beer-shop between eight and nine o'clock, and saw Wilson there—I sat close alongside of him—another man went in along with me—there were others there—Wilson was sitting with his head on the table—the prisoner came in, and tried to arouse him—I said, "Let the man be a little bit, you can't get him up; we shall be going home by-and-by; he lives in the same house I do, and by the time the house closes we shall be able to get him home"—the prisoner went away then—he came back again a good bit afterwards, when the house was about to be closed, and he said there were two shipmates of his, another as well as Wilson, paid the same day, and he should see that their money was secured—I said, "Call for the landlady and a policeman or two, so that every body shall see what money the man has got, and deposit it down on the table," but the prisoner did not wait, but went and searched the man's pockets, I jumped on the same seat where Wilson was, took hold of his collar, lifted him, and said, "Don't search the man in that way—why not put what money the man has down?"—I did not see the money—Fraser came in at the time—I then left the two of them together searching the man—Fraser stood there—I cannot say whether Wilson's head was up at the time, or whether it fell down when I let go of it—I heard the money jingle in the prisoner's hand as I went round, but whether it was silver or gold t cannot tell—the alarm was given in a moment that the man was robbed—I was going out at the time, but I stopped, and said I had 1s. and a farthing when I went into the house, and had spent 6d.—they said I must be searched—the prisoner was not suspected, being a respectable man aboard the ship, and I was as liable to be searched as another person.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you a shipmate of Wilson's? A. No, but I lodge in the same house—there were two or three there who had been on board the Wandsworth—one is gone to sea. his name is M'Galveray—he saw the money—I did not, I heard it—he was on the opposite side as I was holding Wilson's head up—the prisoner said openly he would search him, and take the money from him that he had, and keep it safe.





JACOB HENRY KELLERS
. I live in Bluegate-place. I went with Wilson to the Swan public-house—the prisoner came in, and Wilson called for

a pint of ram to treat the prisoner—the prisoner asked him to come down to his lodging-house—Wilson gave a sovereign for the rum, and received 18s. out—I saw both sovereigns and silver in his hand at the time—I cannot swear how many—I accompanied the prisoner and Wilson to Fraser's beer-shop—I tried to persuade Wilson to come home, but the prisoner laid hold of him, and pulled him back again—I was turned out by Fraser because I was saucy, I suppose, but Fraser has sworn he never saw the man's face—he did see it, for he was standing at the end of the counter, and I had him by the collar.

Cross-examined. Q. In whose company were you? A. I went with Wilson, Kelley, and one of the prisoner's shipmates named Morria—I am a waterman—I was turned out before M'Galveray came—I believe I was a little saucy—I was not sober, or I should not have been saucy—I do not complain of being turned out, for I was saucy.





MARY ANN SKEET
. I am the wife of Edward Skeet, and live in Fortunate-place, Bluegate-fields. I went with Wilson to the ship Wandsworth when he came from there, I saw some sovereigns in his hand—he gave me one, and afterwards went with the remainder of the money about him—between nine and ten o'clock in the evening I wassent for to Fraser's beershop, and saw Wilson there outside the bar—Kellers was trying to fetch him home, and the prisoner was trying to take him into the little parlour—he detained him, and was the means of his not coming home—I was sent for again between eleven and twelve o'clock—I then found Wilson insensible from liquor, lying with his head on the table—Kellers was raising him up—I was given to understand as I went in that he had lost his money—I insisted on a policeman searching him before he went to my house—the policeman said he could not till he went to the station-house—he was taken there, and half-a-crown was found on him—when we came back to Fraser's the prisoner was there—I said he ought to be searched—as soon as I said that, a girl who was with him pulled him out of the doors—he went out with the girl.

Cross-examined. Q. The girl pulled him out? A. Yes, into the street—as soon as I said he ought to be searched, he said, "Let us go," and the girl pulled him out by the sleeve—he was not particularly drunk—he was a little so, but not much—he went out just as I spoke.





WILLIAM CLAPSON
 (police-sergeant K 7.) In consequence of what I heard between nine and ten o'clock I went to the King William public-house, New Gravel-lane—I there saw Wilson, the prisoner, and other persons—Wilson complained of being robbed—at first he said, to the best of my recollection, that he had lost nine sovereigns—on questioning him I learnt he had received nine and some silver the day previous, for his pay, and he had paid one away and changed one—this was said in the prisoner's presence—the witness Jackson, in naming the circumstance of Wilson being robbed, said that it was proposed they should all be searched before they left, and that the prisoner was shortly after absent—I immediately asked the prisoner what money he had about him—he said, "I have sixpence or a shilling, and some coppers"—I went to Fraser's with him, and after he got there I though the seemed uneasy or fidgetty—he passed round the bar into a little back parlour, returned immediately, and said, "I will be with you in a minute"—he crossed the tap-room and opened the back door—I was close to him, and said, "Where are you going?"—he said, "Backwards"—he had unbuttoned

his braces, as though he was going to the back place—I said, "I shall not allow you to go there till I search you"—I took hold of his hand—he pulled back from me, but I took him into the tap-room, and searched him—I found sixpence in one pocket, and 4d. in copper, and one shilling and two sixpences in another, and a knife—the prosecutor at that time said the knife was his—he has not identified it since—the prisoner then said, "It is no use your searching me any further, I have nothing else about me," and he began putting his handkerchief on his neck—I said I must see something more about him—he sat down, and took off his right shoe—when the heel went on the floor I heard something make a noise, and when I took off the stocking, I shook it on the table, and two sovereigns came out of it—I have omitted to state, that I had previously asked him what business his hands had in the prosecutor's pocket the night before—he said he had passed them into his pocket to see if he bad any money to pay his reckoning, and he took out half-a-crown and a halfpenny—when I found the two sovereigns he said, "I know I took them, but I intended to give them to him, but was afraid, as there was so much noise about it."





MARK JARVIS
 (police-constable K 193.) I was on duty in High-street, Shadwell—about ten o'clock on the night in question, a man came, and said a sailor had been robbed—I accompanied Peathing into Eraser's beershop, and saw the prosecutor lying asleep there, with his head on the table, and the prisoner standing by him—Peathing said to him, "You are a ship-mate of his, why not see him home? You ought to have taken care of him, and not see him robbed"—the prisoner said, "I have searched his pockets, and all I can find is half-a-crown and a halfpenny"—at the same time Fraser called for the reckoning, the prisoner put his hand into his pocket, took out some money, and I saw four sovereigns in the back part of his hand—the reckoning was 2s. 10d.—he paid 2s. 6d., and Fraser said, "Never mind the odd halfpence."

Cross-examined. Q. Did he show you the four sovereigns? A. I was standing close by him, and I saw them in the back part of his hand—I said nothing about it—he appeared to take them out of his pocket—his finger was on them, but I could see them—I cannot say whether Fraser must have seen them, he was more to the left—I was not examined before the Magistrate—the case was committed—the sergeant did not know we had been called in, and we could not tell at the time but the prisoner might be entitled to have money of his own as wages—we found out afterwards that he had not been paid.





WILLIAM PEATHING
 (police-constable K 264.) I went to Fraser's beershop with Jarvis, between ten and eleven o'clock, and saw Wilson lying, with his head on the table, and the prisoner standing by the side of him—I said, "Are you a shipmate of this man's?"—he said, "Yes, I am"—I said, "You appear sober, take care of the man, I understand he has been robbed, do you know any thing about his money?"—he said, "I only found half-a-crown and a halfpenny on him"—Fraser came for his reckoning—the prisoner paid him 2s. 6d.—Fraser said, "Never mind the 4d."—I said, "Mr. Fraser, I hear the man has been robbed; I will go to his landlady, and see if he has deposited any money in her hands"—I went to Mrs. Skeet's—Wilson was asleep at the time at the table—I saw half-a-crown and a halfpenny in the prisoner's hand—I asked him again what money he took out of the man's pocket, and he said, "Half-a crown, a shilling, and a halfpenny"—I saw no other money in the prisoner's hand but the half-crown and halfpenny.


MR. PRENDERGAST
to
ALEXANDER WILSON. Q. Have you not said, if you got your money back you believed it was all right, and you did not want to do any thing further with the prisoner? A. I told the prisoner next morning that I was thankful to him for taking my money, to take care of it, for perhaps I might have lost it—they told me next morning he had taken it to take care of, but he never gave it to me—he denied having it.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Ten Years.
