



1668. 




GEORGE CHARLES PILLETT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of May, 1 cloak, value 1l., the goods of 



William Metcalf, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES FISHER
. I am footman to William Metcalf, a coal-factor, of Fitzroy-square. On the 16th of May, about half-past eight o'clock at night, the street-door bell rang—I went, and found the prisoner—he said he had come for a parcel of books—I went into the parlour to make inquiry, leaving him in the hall—I shut the street-door—I returned in about a minute, found the door open, and he was gone and the cloak also—I ran out, and found him in Fitzroy-street with the cloak under his arm—I called after him, pursued him into the market, and picked up the cloak—he was in the hands of a policeman—the cloak had been on a peg in the hall—I had hung it up between five and six o'clock—this is it—(looking at it)





GEORGE FOREMAN
. I am a smith, and live in Lower Southampton-street, Fitzroy-square. On the 16th of May I was in Grafton-street, and heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I saw the prisoner running with a cloak on his arm—he went towards the market, and there threw it down—I saw the policeman stop him.





THOMAS COOPER
 (police-constable E 141.) I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner running—I stopped him—he said, "What is the matter?"—I told him he was charged with taking a cloak—I took him to the station-house, searched him, and I found two duplicates on him—he said he had no home nor place of abode, but I found a latch-key on him.

Prisoner's Defence. Unfortunately I committed the error six months since—when discharged I could obtain no employment, I was starving about the streets—the inspector has known me for years—I have two children.





JOHN EDWARDS
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—I was here in October, when the prisoner was convicted—I was a witness in the case—he is the person mentioned in the certificate—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
