






1307. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     COOKE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BURRELL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of July, 14 sovereigns, and 2 - 5l. Bank-notes, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Frideburg
                        




                     
                   and another, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Willmott
                     



, against the statute, &c.


                  HENRY 
                  FRIDEBURG
               



            . I am a Polander. I was at the Jolly Ostlers public-house, at Hillingdon


, on the 8th of July, about eight o'clock in the evening; my friend 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Schenkolowski
               



             was with me; we are licensed hawker
s - the prisoner Burrell came in with his wife; Burrell then went out, and another person who is not in custody came in - in a few minutes the two prisoners came in; they were all three strangers to me - I was having some tea with my partner; the other man who is not in custody then asked me if I was a hawker, I told him I was, and I was going to hawk in Uxbridge; he said, if I would do him a small favour he would give me four guineas reward - the two prisoners were present - he said he was acquainted with a widow-woman at Uxbridge, who had a little dog, which was a great favourite with her first husband, that he going there, and being acquainted with the woman, the dog knew him, and had run after him, and he had lost it, and he was afraid she would say he had lost it on purpose, and he would give me four guineas if I would make inquiry about it; or he would give twenty guineas if anybody would bring him the dog back again - I said, I would not take any money or any reward, but if I could do any favour for any man I would; he went out in a short time and came in again, and told me he had met with a man in the parlour, a friend of his, who proposed that he should have some bills printed to find the dog - and he asked me my opinion, whether he should have them printed or not - I said, I thought there was no occasion for it, for if the person who had the dog should hear of it, he would hide it - he shook hands with me, and said, he was much obliged to me, and gave me his direction to call upon him - the two prisoners were there all the time; the other man then went out, and soon returned again with a little lock in his hand; he said, if that lock had been put on the dog a few days before, nobody could have opened it, and that the locksmith who made it had offered fifty guineas if any person could open it - Burrell, the prisoner, said "What, a lock that nobody can open?" and he asked the man, if it would not be inconvenient to him, to show us the lock - he took the lock out of his pocket, and said, "This is the lock, and I will give fifty guineas if any one can open it but me and the locksmith" - he put it on the table and went out, and my partner asked me to give him the lock, he took it and opened it immediately - he then gave it to me, to see if I could open it, and I opened it also; the man who had put the lock on the table then came in again, and Cooke, the prisoner, said to him, "Well, sir, now I think that either of these two young men are entitled to the fifty guineas, which you offered to give to any one who could open this lock" - he said, "Well, I said, I would, and if anybody opens it before my eyes, I will give fifty guineas" - he then asked if I would lay a wager of fifty guineas, that I could open it; I made answer, that I was not so rich, and that I did not lay wagers, if I did, the most would be a pint of beer or a glass of gin, and that would be a great thing - he bothered me a long while to lay a wager, and kept saying, "You cannot open the lock, you cannot open the lock," - at last, when I saw I could not get rid of him, I said, "Well, sir, I do not wish to lay any wager, but to satisfy you, I will lay down as much money as I and my friend have, that I can open the lock" - he seemed to be satisfied that I should lay down the money - I took out fourteen sovereigns, and my friend took out two 5l. notes; they were the joint property of my friend andme - I laid the money on the table - Cooke then took the lock off the table, which was presented to me to open, and put down another lock in its place - I did not see him change the lock, but my partner did - I saw Cooke take it off the table - when my partner saw it, he said to me, "Do not take the lock off the table, he has changed it, take your money back - do not lay it on the table, take it back" - Burrell then caught hold of the money off the table - I went up to him, and said, "Give me my money;" he said, "Do not make an uproar, I have your money, and will give it you back again," but instead of giving it to me, he gave it to Cooke - I then let go of Burrell and caught hold of Cooke by his coat; Burrell then began to beat me, and Cooke bit my hands; I have the marks now; but I was determined I would not let him go, if he bit my thumb off - when they found they could not get him out of my hands, one of them, I do not know which, threw his coat over his head, and Cooke got out of his coat, and got away; I had the coat left in my hands - I ran after him to catch him, but one struck me on one side, and another on the other; they threw me on the ground, took the coat from me, and I lost Cooke till the officer brought him to me - there were a few sovereigns found, but the magistrate asked me if I could swear to them; I said, I could not, and they were returned.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. How old are you? A. Twenty-eight; I have been a hawker half a year - before that I worked as a journeyman shoemaker in London; I am not fond of wagers - the prisoners were strangers to me; it was in the absence of the man that laid the lock on the table that I opened it - I did not tell him that I had opened it, but Cooke said I was entitled to the fifty guineas for opening it.
Q. As you had such an objection to laying wagers, how came you to suffer yourself to be persuaded to lay 24l. with strangers, that you could open a lock which you had in fact opened before? A. Because I considered them to be honest people, and I thought I should not lose any thing by it; there was no money on their side offered, only my money was on the table - I did not ask to have any deposit from them; I have been in partnership with my friend Schenkolowski nine months; the two Bank notes and four sovereigns were mine, and the ten sovereigns were his, but it is all one money; when he comes to me, he is bound to give all the money into my hands, and I buy goods with it, but I have to give him an account of what I do with the money - I can ask him at any time to give his money into my hands; I had met him three weeks before at Liverpool, and he came to Uxbridge the same day that I did - when I went into partnership with him, he gave me six sovereigns; I furnished his box - he now pays me half the profit he gains, and I give him the third part of what I gain; the prisoner Burrell had the money in his hand - I did not try to open the lock after it was changed.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SCHENKOLOWSKI
               



             (by an interpreter). I was at the public-house with the last witness; I saw the two prisoners there; my partner asked me to give him ten sovereigns, which I did - the money and Bank notes were laid on the table; Burrell took them up, and Cooke took them from him and carried it out; my partner seized him, but he got beaten and bit; the money has never been found since.


                  JOHN 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I was at the Jolly Ostlers, and saw the two witnesses and the two prisoners there, and a third man; they were looking at a lock when I went in; I saw the prosecutor put the money on the table, and it was afterwards delivered into Burrell's hand; I cannot say by whom.
Cross-examined. Q. Did the prosecutor object to lay any wager? A. By appearance, he was as willing to lay as the other; I did not hear him say he would not - Burrell was appointed the stakeholder; I did not see any other money but the prosecutor's - when I went in, the whole of them were sitting looking at the lock; the man who is not in custody then went out, and when he came in again, he said he would bet 50l. that no one could open that look but himself and the man that made it; he appeared a stranger to the prosecutor; I then understood that the prosecutor made a wager with that other man of 12l., that he would open the lock before Cooke could mark 20 on the table with his finger; that was agreed to, and then the man said to the prosecutor, "If you lose your money will you be offended;" the prosecutor said "No" - Cooke then began to count twenty; I heard him count as far as twelve; whether he counted any more, I do not know; I then heard a quarrel, and the money was taken off the table by some one, and put into Burrell's hand; I had not seen the lock changed, though I was close to it - I did not see the prosecutor fight, nor did I see him beaten; I remained in the house, and assisted in securing the shutters inside as they were afraid the windows would be broken, as there was such a mob - it did not appear to me that the prisoners were any parties to the wager, except Burrell being appointed to hold the stakes.
COURT. Q. Who took the money off the table? A. I could not say; it was put into Burrell's hand - I saw Cooke without his coat when he came back and was searched; I heard one of them complain that he was beaten; I do not know whether it was the prosecutor or his friend.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STRANSON
               



            . I know the house; it is kept by Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Wilmott
               



            ; it is his dwelling-house, and is in the parish of Hillingdon - I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner Cooke running up my yard without his coat, and he was crying "Stop thief" also - he got over a high paling trying to get away, but he got more closely confined; I took him in the yard - he said, "They are gone that way" - I said, "It is you I want, you must come this way" - I then received information that a man in a black fustian jacket had gone into a public-house and taken off his jacket and put it under him - I went and found Burrell; I found on them a watch, a knife, a pair of scissars, and three thimbles, some duplicates, and two sovereigns on one, and two sovereigns and some silver on the other; the magistrate ordered the money to be given up - the third man made his escape; the prisoner said they had been put in the hold, and the party who had the money was gone.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you swear before the magistrate that you believed the man had swallowed twelvesovereigns? A. No; I said I believed the man had swallowed some, but I never said how many - that was Cooke - I confined him in the cage; I did not give him any medicine - I did not know that I had a right to do so; I told the magistrate I had taken him by the throat, and made him make a gurgling noise, but that was not the reason I thought he had swallowed the sovereigns- I thought I saw him put something into his mouth; I think I took the thimbles from Burrell, I will not be certain - we took them into a public-house, and it was so crowded I could hardly tell who we took them from; I do not know that I said I took them from Burrell - I cannot call to mind what I said before the magistrate.
COURT. The deposition states "I took them from Cooke." Witness. I will swear I took them from Cooke- I went before the magistrate the next day, or next but one - I am sure what I then stated was correct.
Cooke's Defence (written). I was on my road to Oxford. I called to have a pint of beer at the sign of the Jolly Ostlers. I saw several persons making a wager about opening a small lock. I saw Frideberg with the lock in his hand, and while the person who owned the lock went to the bar for something, I saw Frideberg asked him if he would show him the way to open it. The person who owned it then said, that the maker would forfeit 50l. to any person who could open it. I remarked that Frideberg was entitled to the 50l. when he pinched me on the knee, and said, "Do not say any thing;" he then offered to bet a sovereign that he would open it before twenty was counted. The owner then said, if he disputed his word, he would bet him 50l. that he could not open it while twenty was counted. Frideberg then pulled out ten sovereigns, and asked his partner for all he had, when he took out two sovereigns from his partner for all he had, when he took pounds aside; it being agreed to by both parties that neither should grumble at losing, or if they did to forfeit a pint of gin for the good of the company. The parties then directed me to count the twenty, which I agreed to do with my finger on the table: at the same time Frideberg kept the lock in his hand, not allowing any person to touch it. Burrell was then called from the other side of the room to hold the stakes, the person who owned the lock placed three 5l. notes first, and Frideberg taking twelve sovereigns off the table placed them into his hand upon the notes, making 24l. for the winner. I then counted the twenty out, when the winner insisted upon taking the money from Burrell's hand, saying he had won it fairly, leaving the room soon after. Frideberg then accused me of counting the twenty too quick; his partner then asked me to go with him to look after the man who had got the money. I went with him down the street as far as the Wheels, when he inquired of a butcher who stood there of the name of Freeman, if he had seen a man go that way with a scratch on his nose, and dressed in black; the butcher replied No. The prosecutor was going away several yards from me, and turned back saying, "You are one of the party". I went with him back to the Jolly Ostlers, when Frideberg and his partner both began to ill use me, by tearing my coat from my back, until I was glad to get away from them. I was going round the market-place, when I saw the person who had taken the money from Burrell. I ran after him, and called out stop him; the constable came and took me. I never had a lock in my hand, or money, nor was I aware of doing any thing wrong.
Burrell's Defence (written). I travel with lace. On the evening mentioned, I took lodgings at the Jolly Ostlers at Uxbridge; I had not been long there, before I heard a conversation between these persons respecting the opening of a small lock; I heard Frideberg offer to bet twelve sovereigns (all the money himself and partner had) that he would open the lock before twenty was counted; the wager of 12l. aside was agreed to. I was called by Frideberg to hold the money, from the opposite side of the room, which I at first objected to, but was still pressed upon by both parties to hold it. The person who owned the lock put three five pound notes into my hand. Frideberg placing twelve sovereigns into my hand upon the notes, told me to give 24l. to the winner. Twenty was then counted out by Cooke, when the winner insisted upon taking the money from my hand, and soon after left. Frideberg then came upon me for the money, saying the twenty was counted too quick. I told him I did not exactly understand the wager, but the winner insisted upon taking the money. I remained in the room some time after, but from the confusion that was made by the prosecutors, I walked over to the opposite house; when I had been there about half an hour, the constables came and took me.
COOKE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20
         
BURRELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.





               Transported for Life
            .
