




715. 




JOSEPH LYON
 and 




WILLIAM ASPREE
 were indicted 

of stealing, on the 
9th of February, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 



John Bestow from his person.






JOHN BESTOW
. I am a warehouseman. I was in Union-street, Bishopsgate, on the 9th of February, soon after five o'clock, and felt a tug at my pocket—I turned and saw Aspree at my elbow—he passed on my left and went up to Lyons who was about two paces from me—Aspree gave him my handkerchief which I missed from my pocket—Lyons took off his hat put it in, and they both went off—I followed, and cried, "Stop thief"—Lyons was stopped at the end of Union-street—he made a desperate resistance, and I think would have got off, but another officer came up, his hat fell off and ray handkerchief was in the crown of it—Aspree was taken the same evening—I saw him the next morning, and he exactly answered the description which I gave the officer of him, in his dress, his cap and every thing—I believe him to be the boy.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was not a boy passing at the time the police were with Lyons? A. There was a mob of people round him—I am certain I am not mistaken in saying Lyons put my handkerchief into his hat, because he was close to me, and it is a very quiet street he was about a yard and a half or two yards before me—I swear I saw him put my handkerchief into his hat.

Aspree. He gave the dress of a boy that was in a white flannel jacket, I was at tea at my sister's that evening.





WILLIAM WILLIAMS
 (City police-constable 32.) I apprehended lyons

while he struggled—his hat fell off, and the handkerchief was in it—the prosecutor said, "That is my property."

Cross-examined. Q. Might not the handkerchief have been thrown into the hat? A. No, it was impossible—I picked up the hat, and the prosecutor took the handkerchief out.





DANIEL PAMPLETT
. I am a patrol of Bishopsgate. I apprehended Aspree; the prosecutor described his size and his dress, and from that I took him—I also assisted Williams to the watch-house with Lyon.

Aspree. That officer knows who it is that has done it, and I am brought here for it.

Lyon. My mother went to Lloyd, the City toll-man, the next day, and he said he picked the handkerchief up.
(MR. DOANE, on behalf of the prisoner Lyon, stated that his hat had fallen off in the struggle, and some one had thrown the handkerchief into it.)





CATHERINE CHESTER
. I am a widow. I have got my bread by service since my husband's death—the last place was at Wanstead—I left there three months to work for a person at Mihon-street—I was at Aspree's sister's at tea on this day—he was with me till past six o'clock that evening—it was last Thursday fortnight—I left him at the corner of Crown-street, at the corner of Long-alley—that is about as far as you can see from Union-street; it was at six o'clock as nearly as possible that I saw him there.

LYON—


GUILTY
.*—Aged 18.

ASPREE—


GUILTY
.*—Aged 18.





Transported for Seven Years.

