





1606. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     FITZGERALD
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of September
, 1 half-sovereign, 6 half-crowns, and 1 shilling, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hopkins
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . I am a labourer
. On the 28th of September, I was in Paddington-fields


, and fell in with the prisoner, about five o'clock in the morning - she asked me to go with her, which I did - I gave her a shilling, and she pointed out the place where we were to go, about forty yards out of the road, into a field - while we were there, I found her hand in my pocket, and told her to take it away, as there was nothing for her there - she took her hand away, and we were together about a minute, when she turned her head, and said, "There stands a man" - I turned, and saw a man - she gave me a push, and made away towards him - I then missed six half-crowns, one half-sovereign, a shilling, and a duplicate, which were wrapped up in a rag - she went off as quick as she could, but I pursued her, and caught hold of her just as she was getting through the fence - the officer came, and took her to the station-house - the pocket-book, these six half-crowns, the half-sovereign, and the shilling, fell on the ground - the duplicate and the rag were not found on her.


                  HENRY 
                  LOVETT
               



            . I was going along by the fence, whichconcealed me, till I got within five or six yards of the prisoner - I said to the prosecutor, "Have you been with this woman?" - he said she had done the trick, she had robbed him of six half-crowns, a half-sovereign, and a shilling - I seized her two hands, and took her to the station - I went up to the table with her, and this money dropped from her- she then pulled out 12s. 10d., which she said belonged to her - I found the pocket-book on her - I then went back to where they had been, and found this rag and the duplicate - it was a very foggy morning, and I could trace them by the marks on the dew.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
