





1970. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of October
, 5 pelisses, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cox
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  COX
               



            . My wife takes in washing, and we live in Union-gardens, Kingsland-road. I took home some clean linen on the 2nd of October, and got some dirty linen from Mr. Arnot's, in the City-road - I then went to Mr. Spooner's with my barrow, and while I was giving in some linen, the bundle in question was missed; a gentleman gave me information, and I went to the White Horse public-house, Finsbury-street, and found the bundle and the prisoner - I collared him, and asked how he came to rob a poor man like me; he made no reply.


                  JOHN 
                  TODD
               



            . I keep the White Horse. The prisoner came into my house about eight o'clock, and called for a pint of beer - he had a bundle under his arm; the witness came in about five or ten minutes and claimed it.
Prisoner. Q. Can you swear I had a bundle? A. You had something under your arm, and it was the sam that Mr. Cox owned.


                  JOHN 
                  HULL
               



            . I am a Police officer. Here is the bundle.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was out drinking with some painters all the afternoon; I then went to Mr. Todd's for a pint of porter - I had not been there five minutes before a man came in with a bundle; he put it on the seat and went out again, and in five minutes the prosecutor came in and collared me - I are innocent.


                  JOHN 
                  TODD
               



            . He had a bundle, and there was no other man there - he sat by himself.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
