










84. 




JOHN WICKS,



 JAMES DOUGLAS,



 WILLIAM SMITH
, 




JAMES STONEHEWER,



 GEORGE PRICE
, and 



THOMAS DOUGLAS
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
22nd of October, 1 cap, value 3s.; 1 coat, value 1s.; 1 table-cover, value 1s.; 2 sun-blinds, value 1s.; 1 knife, value 6d.; 1 screw-driver, value 3d.; 6 cups, value 1s.; 6 saucers, value 1s.; 6 plates, value 1s.6d.; 1 jug, value 6d.; 2 spoons, value 1s.; 1 tea-caddy, value 6d.; 1 basin, value 9d.; 1 saucepan, value 1s.; tea-board, value 1s.; and 1 fender, value 1s.; the goods of 



John Casey; and 




JOSEPH CLEMENTS
 and 




ELIZABETH CLEMENTS
 were indicted for

 feloniously receiving the same; and that John Wicks had been before convicted of felony.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN CASEY
. I have a garden in the neighbourhood of Hackney. A number of other persons have gardens there. On the 21st of October, I saw my garden and summer-house, and all the property in it safe—I had a cap, a coat, a table-cover, and the other articles stated, there—I did not miss the property till the 26th; but it was missed on the 23rd—the summer-house

had been locked, but the side of it, which was wood, had been broken down—some of my property it here—I do not know the prisoners.





GEORGE KEMP
 (police-constable N 82.) I went to the house of Joseph Clements and his wife, at No. 35, Queen's-head-walk, Hoxton. on Sunday, the 26th of October. I took several gentlemen with me—I had been to the gardens before, and found the summer-houses were stripped—I found Clements, and his wife, at home—I found Wicks, James and Thomas Douglas, and Stonehewer, there—I said to Mrs. Clements, "I am come to search your house"—she said, "You are quite welcome"—her husband did not say any thing—I found this cup and saucer, owned by a gentleman of the name of Pickford, this knife and spoon, and some other articles belonging to Mr. Casey—I knew that Mrs. Clements had lived there some time—there are only two rooms, both on the ground-floor—she said the boys had brought these little things for their own use—I took the things, and took her and the boys into custody—she did not tell me about any other things—I took the shoes of Wick, James Douglas, James Stonehewer, and Price, (who was taken in the same house afterwards, by another policeman,) and fitted them to the marks in the gardens, where the robbery had been committed—they corresponded exactly.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you known Joseph Clements? A. Yes, these twelve years—he has been a very respectable man—he goes out in the morning to his daily labour, and comes home late at night—when I was taking them away, he said his wife told him that the boys paid her 3d. a-piece for their dinners.





PHILLIP M'KEN
 (police-serjeant 22 N.) I went to the house immediately after the last officer, and I saw the property found—I heard Elizabeth Clements say, these small things had been brought in by the boys for their own use—she did not say any thing about any other property—I afterwards got from Mary Ann Morris, a saucepan, a fender., a brush, a pail, a wash-hand basin, a bottle, and several other things—she gave them to me voluntarily, and told me where she got them.





RICHARD HAWKES
 (police-constable N.40.) I saw the prisoners, who had been taken by the other officer, at the station-house that Sunday, and in the evening I saw Smith in the Kingsland-road, with some girls—he saw me, and went away, and I lost sight of him—I then west to Clements' house, and found Smith in bed—he had his clothes off—he was denied when I got there, by a girl—I took his shoes to the garden, and they corresponded with the marks.





MARY ANN MORRIS
. My husband is a chair-maker, and lives in Queen's Head-walk. On the Monday morning I delivered the articles to the officer, which have been produced—I received them from Mrs. Clements on the Saturday night, she asked me if I would take care of them, as her son was going to be married, and he did not wish her husband to know any thing about them, as he might think she was robbing him and her younger children, to give to her eldest son—I saw the officers go to her house on Sunday, but I did not know they were officers—I went to Mrs. Clements' on the Sunday, and asked her if the things were stolen—she said, "For God's sake say nothing about them"—I live nearly opposite to her—I know these boys have been in the habit of coming to her house for about three weeks—there were always boys there having their victuals, and I believe some lodged there. JAMES CASEY. This fender is mine; this tea-board, and these two

spoons, the saucepan, and one or two other things—I lost a great many more things, which have not been found.





JOHN ALLEN
 (police-constable N 78.) I produce the certificate of the former conviction of Wicks, by the name of John Thomas Cook—I know him to be the person.

Elizabeth Clements. These things were brought to my house on the Thursday evening, by Pulling, and a man named Stiles, who were honouraby acquitted; and Serjeant M'Ken's wife bought a pair of old blue trowsers at the time I bought the crockery.

Wicks's Defence. At the time the robbery was committed, I was at work—I was going down Queen's Head-walk, and a young lad called me into Clements' house, and I had not been in two minutes before the officer took me.

James Douglas's Defence.—My mother sent me to Clements' house to see for my brother, and the officer came in and took me.

Stonehewer's Defence. Mrs. Clements washed for me—I went for my things, and the officer took me.

Elizabeth Clements' Defence (written.)"At the time I purchased the property, my husband was from home, at Stamford-hill, at his brother's, and is entirely innocent of the charge. I feel it a duty incumbent on me, having a parent's feelings, to speak in justice to the lads' innocence, that were taken, at the time, on suspicion; they are all entirely innocent. Wicks, Douglas, and Stonehewer, had not been long in my house, merely calling for my children to walk out with them. I formerly knew their parents, and having a feeling towards their offspring, merely sheltered them through humanity, till, through persuasion, they were reconciled to return home. I bought the property in question at my own door, of two young men, entirely strangers to me; but questioned them as to the property being their own, to which they replied in the affirmative, and I purchased them without hesitation, thinking to make my son a present, as he was on the point of marriage. I feel it my duty to make a free confession of the male prisoners' innocence, throwing myself entirely on the humanity of the Court"

WICKS—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

JAMES DOUGLAS—


GUILTY
. Aged 18. SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

STONEHEWER—


GUILTY
. Aged 19. PRICE—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.






Transported Seven Years.

THOMAS DOUGLAS—


NOT GUILTY
.

JOSEPH CLEMENTS—


NOT GUILTY
.

ELIZABETH CLEMENTS—


GUILTY
. Aged 39.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
There were four other indictments against the prisoners.
