




1084. 




DANIEL LIVERMORE
 and 




JAMES WHEELER
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
21st of March, at 
West Ham, Essex, I mare, price 50s., the property of 



Edward Harrington.






EDWARD HARRINGTON
. I am a cow-keeper, and live at Forert-gate, Wanstead, Essex—I had a little black mare, on the forest—I saw her there on the Monday previous to Saturday, the 21st of March, when I missed her, about seven o'clock in the morning—I had had her four or five months—I turned her out near my own home; but the last time I saw her, she was lying near Wanstead—on Saturday morning, the 21st, the patrol produced her to me—I had not missed her—I knew Livennore by sight, but not by name.





SAMUEL GUTTERIDGE
. I am a Bow-street patrol. I saw Livermorne leading this mare, near the New Church at Stratford, about six o'clock, on the morning of the 21st of March—he was leading her towards London, by a halter, but no saddle—I asked where he brought it from—he said, from Mr. Carter's, a farmer at Epping, and he was going to take it to Perkins, of Tooting, for Carter—I asked if he had any note or direction to Mr. Perkins—he said, "No"—I asked which way he came from Epping—he said he came through the Bald-stag-gate—I asked if he had any turnpike-ticket—he said he had lost it—I knew he had not come that way, which excited my suspicions—I told him I suspected he had stolen the mare—he said, "Well, I cannot deceive you, I have"—he then said he had been dawn into it by another man, and described his dress to me and my partner, (Johnson,) who pursued Wheeler, from Livermore's description, and brought him back in about a quarter of an hour—I showed the mare to the prosecutor that morning, and he owned it.





DAVID JOHNSON
. I am a Bow-street patrol. I was with Gutteridge—his

sevidence is correct—when Livermore described the other man, I went in pursuit towards London, and overtook Wheeler, at Bow, about two miles further on—when I got up to him, I asked him where he had come from—he said, "From the other side of Brentwood"—I said, "What way did you come?"—he said, "Through Romford"—I asked if he saw a man leading a horse on the road—he said yes, he did, and the man asked him the road to Lon-don, and he told him to turn round the corner—I asked him how the man was dressed—he said he had got a frock on—I had met a waggon, and asked him if he, had seen that waggon on the road—he said yes, he had, and he knew the waggon by the boy who was with it—I said, "It is clear to me you have not come through Romford, for that waggon came over Woodford Bridge"—I took him back to Livermore, and said to Livermore, "Is this the man?"—he said, "Yes, it is"—Wheeler said, "Well, you might have seen me before"—the same mare was afterwards shown to the prosecutor.

Wheeler. Q. Did not I tell you I was not acquainted with the road, and had got out of the road? A. You must be acquainted with the road, for I have seen you pass my house repeatedly—yon are well known about the country.





DANIEL WALLIS
. I live at Wanstead. On Saturday, the 21st of March, I was up about ten minutes before five o'clock in the morning—I am a green-grocer, and keep mares on the forest—I was looking after my mares on the forest about five o'clock in the morning, and met two men with a black mare or horse, I could not tell which—the man in a fustian dress was leading her, and the one in a blue dress was walking by his side—the blue dressed one walked away towards a cottage—I suspected they had stolen the mare—I turned round, and they joined again—the man in a blue dress opened the gate, and let the other through—the prisoners are the two men.





SAMUEL GUTTERIDGE

re-examined. Wheeler had on a large blue coat, and the other a fustian jacket.

Wheeler's Defence. I was not near the man—I passed him on the road, and afterwards stopped to ease myself—he got before me, and then I passed him again.

LIVERMORE—


GUILTY
.* Aged 40.

WHEELER—


GUILTY
. Aged 35




Transported for Life.
