



502. 




WILLIAM CHAUNT
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Pace and another, about the hour of ten in the night of the 
6th of January, at 
St. Mary Matfelon, alias Whitechapel, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 watch, value 16l. the goods of the said Henry Pace, and another.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution,






ROBERT BAKER
. I am assistant to a surgeon, and live at No. 74, Sun-street, Bishopsgate. On the night of Saturday, the 6th of January, I was in Whitechapel, between nine and ten o'clock—I was passing the shop of Messrs. Pace's, and saw the prisoner deliberately break a pane of glass then introduce his hand, and run away—(I am certain it was past nine o'clock)—I thought, from the way in which he introduced his hand a second time, that he had taken something—I instantly pursued him, feeling convinced that he had stolen something—I overtook him about forty or fifty yards off, and laid hold of him—I charged him with the theft—he made no reply—I held him for some time—several persons surrounded me when I took him—a policeman came up—the persons in treated me to let him go, and he would no doubt have effected his escape had not the policeman come up—I then gave him in charge—I am positive I secured the persone who put his hand into the shop-window—I went back with him to the shop—I do not recollect hearing him say any thing there—be was searched

in a room adjoining the shop in my presence, but nothing was found then—his jacket, waistcoat, and trowsers, were taken off at that time.

Prisoner. I found the watch which was taken from me up by the Mansion-house in the City—it was not me he saw do it—there were several there, and he picked me out from among them. Witness. I am positive he is the man who did it—I was not two feet behind him.





HENRY WALLIS
. I am shopman to Messrs. Henry and Charles Pace, watch and dock makers, who live in the parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel—it is the dwelling-house of them both—they have no other partners. On Saturday, greater f January, I was attending to a customer, just before ten o'clock, and heard a pane of glass broken—it wanted about ten minutes or a quarter to ten o'clock—we have watches and clocks in the shop—I immediately ran to the window, and saw a man's hand introduced through the broken glass and take up the watch—the watch was produced to me a week after by the officer—it is worth sixteen guineas, and is the property of my masters—it a the watch I saw taken.

Prisoner. I found the watch in the street, and therefore thought it belonged to me.





GIBBS LEEDS
 (police-constable H 100.) On Saturday night, the 6th of January, I was on duty in Whitechapel, and saw Mr. Baker, who gave the prisoner into my custody—there was a scuffle between them when I went up, and other persons were about—I took him into Mr. Pace's back parlour, and searched him, but did not find the watch—he said that a man had shoved his (the prisoner's) elbow through the window, and made him break the glass—I took off his jacket and trowsers, but found nothing on him—I took him to the station-house and searched him again, but found nothing—he was then taken to Lambeth-street—he was in custody from the time I took him until he was taken to prison—he could not have found the watch by the Mansion-house.

Primer. Q. Did any body offer to rescue me? A. There were sveral persons round, and a woman told me several persons were trying to rescue him from the man who stopped him, but I did not see that—when I came up, all the parties round dispersed directly.





ROBERT DAVIS
. I am an officer of Lambeth-street police-office. The prisoner was brought there on the 8th of January—I did not search him then, hut from information I received, I went to Clerkenwell New Prison, on the 10th, and searched him there, but found nothing on him—he had nothing about him at that time, I am sure—on the 12th, after his examination, I stripped him in our lock-up room, and when I came to his stockings, I found the watch concealed in the upper part of the stocking of his left leg, in the hollow of his knee—the part of the stocking was folded up, and this watch in it—it was quite clean and wrapped up in a bit of paper.





HENRY WALLIS

re-examined. This is my master's watch—I know it by the make altogether—it passed through my hands several times—I put the stamp in the case myself—it was in the shop window that night—the number is 2557—it is worth sixteen guineas at a selling price—good watches are not cheaper than formerly.

Prisoner. This watch does not belong to the gentleman. Witness. It belongs to my master—I put the number on both the cases myself.





GIBBS LEEDS

re-examined. The prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. Mary Matfelon, alias Whitechapel.

Prisoner's Defence. I picked the watch up.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Ten Years.
