





178. 
               
                  ANN 
                  HUDSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of November
, 1 watch, value 3l., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Kirkwood
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  KIRKWOOD
               



            . I am a shoemaker
. On the 21st of November I was rather tipsy, but knew what I was about; about half-past one o'clock in the morning, the prisoner and some other women accosted me in Gray's Inn-lane


, and the prisoner persisted in following me till she came to a narrow turning; two other persons stood there, who seized me by my handkerchief, and pulled me down into the court; my hat fell off - I got away, and called the Police; we found the prisoner and the other two women in the court; the officer asked if I had lost any thing - I felt, and said, "Yes, my watch;" they took the prisoner, and found it in her stocking.
Prisoner. He went home with me. Witness. No, I did not; she wished me to go home, but I would not -I was on my way home.


                  DANIEL 
                  HUMPHRERYS
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I heard a great noise - I went into Gray's Inn-lane; the prosecutor said he had been knocked down, and his hat taken from him - the hat is quite lost; I went down the court, and found the prisoner in a room: I then asked the prosecutor if he had lost any thing else - he said Yes, his watch; the prisoner and two other women were in the room, and I saw the prisoner put her hand down - I felt, and found this watch between her stocking and her leg; there wasone man in the court quite a cripple, but the man who I believe had the hat, has got away.
Prisoner's Defence. He went home with me for three quarters of an hour; he left his watch for half a crown, and said he would call on Monday for it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
