





1148. 
               
                  ANTHONY 
                  FALKNER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
, 1 £10 Bank-note, the property of Sir


                        Nicholas Harris 
                        Nicholas
                     




                  , Knight
, his master
            .
SIR NICHOLAS HARRIS NICHOLAS, Knight. I reside in Torrington-square


 - the prisoner was my footboy
 till the 11th of July, when I sent him with a letter to my agent's in Arundel-street, Strand - there was a receipt in it for a dividend - he was to have brought back an answer - I left the letter for him, but did not give it him myself.


                  JOHN 
                  GILLIAM STILWELL
               



            . I live in Arundel-street, Strand, and am agent to the prosecutor - the prisoner brought a letter from him on the 11th of July, and I sent back a 10l. note in a letter directed to the prosecutor - I delivered the letter to the prisoner myself about two o'clock; it was sealed.


                  EDWARD 
                  ROLFE
               



            . I am constable of Faversham. On the evening of the 11th of July, I went to the Swan Inn there, and saw the prisoner sitting there - the landlord went to him and said, "Young man, it is time for you to go to bed" - they went out, and I heard an altercation in the passage - I went and took the prisoner - I found on him a number of things, and among the rest this letter - I asked him where he got it - he said he knew nothing about it, or about any 10l. note - but he afterwards said he had taken a 10l. note out of the letter, changed it in the Borough, and bought a coat and waistcoat.
MR. STILWELL. This is the letter I sent, in which the 10l. note was enclosed - it was taken from our cash box - we had not received the prosecutor's dividend then.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
