






726. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HALFORD
               




             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROWLAND
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Frederick 
                     Parsons
                  




               
            .
GEORGE POWELL (Police-constable E 75). On the 1st of March I was in the King's-road, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening; I saw the two prisoners following the prosecutor - Halford put his hand into his pocket, took something out, and gave it to Rowland, who was about a yard off him; I secured Rowland, and found this handkerchief at the back of his coat - he was in the act of putting it into his back coat-pocket, I think; I took him into a shop - he said, "Oh God! and burst into tears;" my brother officer brought Halford back - and Rowland said, "See what you have brought me and my family to;" Halford said, "Do not drop down, it is all right;" that was because he was crying, I suppose.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you stated all he said? A. Yes, to my knowledge; I have not been drinking to night - I have had no spirits; I had only a pint of half-and-half.


                  HENRY 
                  BAKER
               



             (Police-constable E 44). On the 1st of March I was with Powell; I saw the prisoner Halford take something from the prosecutor's pocket, and give it to Rowland - I followed Halford, and took him in Liquor-pond-street; I brought him back to the shop where Rowland was - Rowland said, "See what you have brought me to; you know my father is respectable;" Halford said, "Do not drop down upon your luck, it will be all right, keep your own counsel."
Cross-examined. Q.Rowland seemed very much shocked? A. Yes, he cried, and on the road to the watch-house also.
FREDEKICK PARSONS. I am assistant to a wholesale druggist
 on Snow-hill. I was walking down the King's-road


 on the evening of the 1st of March; Halford passed me and ran off - the Policeman followed, and took him; I saw my handkerchief found on Rowland.
Cross-examined. Q. Are your initials on it? A. No, but here is 
               R. P. 
            which is my father's name; he had given me the handkerchief - Rowland seemed quite overcome.
Halford put in a written Defence, stating that he had found the handkerchief in the King's-road; that he gave it to Rowland to look at, and was running to avoid being run over by a cabriolet.
Rowland's Defence (written). The young man who is charged with me for this offence, was introduced, about three months ago, by a schoolfellow of mine, named Robson - I met him on the day this occurrence took place, and we walked on, conversing together, when, suddenly, Halford was a few paces before me, and, turning round, placed a handkerchief in my hand, saying something, but what I did not know, in consequence of the hurried manner - at the same moment the Policeman seized me, and accused me of stealing the handkerchief - I went with him, and Halford ran away - whether Halford saw the Policeman cross the road, and so gave the handkerchief into my hand to save himself, I cannot tell; but I most positively, though humbly, protest my innocence, and declare that at the time the handkerchief was placed in my hand I was totally unconscious with what object it was so done, and believing at the moment that it was Halford's own.
Rowland received an excellent character.
HALFORD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ROWLAND - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
