




2067. 




JOHN WILSON
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Henry Cable, about the hour of eleven in the night of the 
11th of August, at 
St. Olave, Southwark, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 27lbs. weight of lead pipe, value 6s., his goods.






WILLIAM HENRY CABLE
. I live at No. 3, Cross-keys-passage, Bermondsey-street. I keep the house—it is in the parish of St. Olave, South-wark—on the 11th of August I left home, at a quarter to nine or nine o'clock at night—I locked the street-door, and took the key with me—my brother, James Edward Cable, lodges in the house with me—we are the only two who occupy it—he had been out all day—it was not quite nine o'clock when I left—I generally leave the key at the Cross-keys-passage when I am out, but I took it with me on this occasion—I returned just upon eleven o'clock—I found the house open, and my brother James inside, all in a gore of blood, and a policeman inside with him—I missed fifteen feet of lead pipe, weighing twenty-seven or twenty-eight pounds, from inside the house-nobody could get it without effecting an entrance into the house—it was safe when I went out—it has not been found—it was carried away.





JAMES EDWARD CABLE
. I am brother of last witness. On Saturday evening, the 11th of August, I returned home, between ten and eleven o'clock—I found the door open, and two persons walked out—the prisoner was the third person who came out of the house, and I collared him—he immediately struck me in the mouth with his fist—I kept hold of him, and a struggle took place between us—I found myself all over blood, and my head was cut—that was not done with a blow from the fist—we struggled for a quarter of a hour—he got me down, and got upon me, and called "Bill" who I supposed was one of his companions—I became insensible for a few minutes, and cannot tell when I got the blow which produced the blood—the struggle was outside, in the street—I did not let go of him till he was apprehended.

Prisoner. I contradict it—he struck me first in the head, I threw him, and I suppose that was the way he got cut in the head—he then laid hold of me and shook me.





AUGUSTUS SAXBY
 (police-constable M 49.) On the 11th of August I went into Bermondsey-street, and found the prisoner there-two of our constables had hold of him by the collar, when I came up opposite the court where the prosecutor lives—I searched the spot where the scuffle took place, and found a skeleton key, which I produce—it opened the street door very easily—I tried it—I saw James Cable—he was all in a gore of blood—the back of his coat was smothered with blood, and his face was bloody.





ANN MARIA CABLE
. I am the prosecutor's mother. I was with my son James on the Saturday evening, and saw the three persons come out of the house—the prisoner was the last—my son followed him, and he struck him directly—I assisted my son, and then he struck me, and bent my bonnet-l left my son and went to look for a policeman, and when I came back the prisoner was gone with the policeman, and my son was all in a gore of blood—there was a cut in the top of his head—I cannot say how it was done—I think it must have been done against the edge of the bricks when he fell—it was quite dark in-doors at the time.

Prisoner. I was not in the house at all. Witness. I saw him come out my son followed him as he came out.


Prisoner. I took nothing—there were two men in the house with an aprons on—they called me, and asked me to fetch a penny box of lucifers-all at once they ran out and left me there—this man took hold of me and hit me, and I hit him again, and the mother hit me, and I threw him, as I had both upon me. Witness. I could not see whether the other two had aprons on—they did not appear trades people—I found no box of lucifers the prisoner came out of the door of the house—he had one foot over the sill when my son caught him.
(John Upton, steam-engine and boiler manufacturer, Sun Wharf, Batter-sea, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.—


Transported for Ten Years.
