










                  JAMES 
                  HUNT
               




            , 
               
                  ISABELLA 
                  SHIPLEY
               




            , 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MILLER
               




            , and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  PEAPALL
               



            , were indicted for that 


               they on the 21st of February
, at St. Margaret, Westminster


, feloniously did falsely make and counterfeit four pieces of false and counterfeit coin, resembling, and apparently intended to resemble and pass for four pieces of the King's current silver coin, called half-crowns, against the Statute
            , &c.
MESSRS. SCARLET and ELLIS conducted the Prosecution.



                  ROBERT 
                  GOOSE
               



            . I am a policeman. I went to No. 10, Pye-street, Westminster


, on the 21st of February, with Clifton, Elliott, and Booth, police-constables - I found the street door open - I went up stairs to the first floor back room - I went first, and found the door fast - I burst it open with my shoulder, and found Peapall against the door - I almost knocked him down with the force - I found Miller standing on the left hand side of the fire place, looking towards the fire-place - as soon as I entered the room, he turned round and looked at me, and I saw something drop from his hand - it fell into the ashes - I then told my brother officer to lay hold of him - I took it up: it was a file - I went up to Hunt as he sat on the right hand side of the fire-place in his shirt sleeves, which were tucked up- I saw him pass something to Shipley, who stood on his left hand side, about a yard from him, at the table; it was wrapped up in a bit of rag - she dropped it the moment he gave it to her; and, as she dropped it, I saw some white metal, in a liquid state, fall from it on the table - I then picked it up, and feeling it hot, I dropped it - I picked it up again, and put it into my hat - it was a mould with half-a-crown in it - these are the same - I told my brother officer to secure Shipley - I had then got Hunt against the fire-place, in the chair - I told him not to move - when he saw me turn my head towards the woman, he struck a pipkin which was on the fire, containing white metal in a liquid state - some of the metal, when he struck it, went through the cinders in the fire-place - I took up some of that metal, and what remained in the pipkin is there now- they had got a middling fire - on the hob on the right hand side, I found a pipe with white metal in the bowl; and on the same hob I found half a metal spoon, which had been melted - on the mantel shelf I found a perfect spoon of the same metal - on the table I found a good half-crown - the prisoners were handcuffed - I found part of another mould at the back of the fire-place - Hunt said it was all up with them - I had said nothing to him.
Cross-examined by 
               MR. PHILLIPS
            . Q. Have you told us every thing you saw? A. I believe so, as far as I recollect - I had a pistol, and told them all, if they resisted, I would shoot them - it was loaded - what Hunt handed to Shipley was hot - I believe he dropped it - Peapall tried to make his escape directly I got into the room - he did not touch any of the implements - I was once in St. Catherine's Dock, and left because it did not suit me - I was not dismissed - there was never any charge made against me for stealing brandy, nor of stealing a donkey: except by people of this sort - there is no charge in the least against me in the police - I was never accused in my life of making false charges against any body.
Q. Are you not now under suspicion, and only allowed to wear your uniform till this trial is over? A. I am not - I was three years in St. Catherine's Docks - I went from there to Mr. Freeman's stone-wharf, Millbank, and left him on purpose to join the police - Miller had a file in his hand - that was all I saw him do - I have seen Hunt go backwards and forwards there night and day - I know he lived there - I had seen Peapall in the street about an hour or half an hour before - it was more than half an hour - I had been watching the house for a good while - I saw Peapall at the end of the street with a good many more - I did not continue watching - sometimes I had other business - I was not watching the house all that day - I was watching it for twenty minutes before I went in - in the course of that twenty minutes I saw some women go in - it is a kind of lodging-house - Peapall was not one of those persons - I do not know the name of any body who went in - it is a general house for these kind of people - three or four different families lodge there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLIFTON
               



            . I am a policeman. I went with Goose and the other constable - I followed them into the room - as soon as I got in, I laid hold of Peapall - I have heard the evidence of Goose - I have nothing to add to it - I saw every thing he has stated - this bottle, containing plaster of Paris, I found standing on a chair in the room, and this tin band was in a cupboard.


                  MICHAEL 
                  ELLIOTT
               



            . I am a policeman. I assisted in apprehending the prisoners - I have heard the evidence of the last two witnesses, and agree to what they state, as far as I was present - I found two bad half-crowns; one on the table, and one on the floor - I stopped Peapall, who was making his escape; and when I took Hunt, I searched him, and found three good shillings on him - when I entered the room, Miller dropped something - Goose picked it up - it proved to be a file; and I saw him heave away half-a-crown, which Booth took up - I took Peapall to the station-house - they met Bill Ballard - we were all close together in Orchard-street - Ballard wanted to know what was the matter; and I think it was Hunt said, "It is all up" - Peapall said nothing.


                  JOHN 
                  BOOTH
               



            . I went with the other officers - I saw Miller throw half-a-crown down - I picked it up - I confirm the evidence of Elliott.


                  MARY 
                  ANN WARD
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Ward
               



            , of No. 7, New-street, Pye-street. He works at Hammersmith - Shipley came to me for a lodging about two months before she was taken - she came to me at No. 7, New-street, Pye-street - she looked at the second floor back room in No. 10 - she returned, and gave 1s. earnest for the room, at 3s. 6d. per week - she called herself a single woman, and paid the rent until she was taken - I went to the room once and saw Hunt there, and only him and Shipley.
Cross-examined. Q. At that time did you observe any thing wrong? A. Not in the least - Hunt was washing himself there.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am an inspector of counterfeit coin to his Majesty's mint. I have been experienced in coin several years - this is a plaster of Paris mould for casting a half-crown - it has the impression of the obverse and reverse side of a half-crown, and appears to have been used - here is a good half-crown, and the mould appears to have been made with this good half-crown - this is a counterfeit half-crown which has been made in the mould - it agrees in date and every thing - it is the half-crown found in the mould - these two half-crowns produced by a witness are both counterfeit, and the same in all respects as the other - they were cast in this mould; and the one found on Miller is the same - this file has white metal in the teeth of it, such as would be used to remove the surplus metal from the edge - these spoons are the same metal as the base coin,and here is a pipkin with white metal of a similar description in it, and this tin hand appears to have been used in forming the mould, to keep it together while the plaster of Paris was in a liquid state - this tobacco-pipe has some white metal in the bowl, and might be used to ladle the metal out of the pipkin - this is plaster of Paris in the bottle.
Hunt's Defence. I went up to No. 10, Pye-street, as I knew this girl as a friend, and had something to drink with her - I left word at the public-house that Peapall was to call there for his tobacco-box - he came, and was going out, when the policeman broke the door open, and swore he would blow my b - y brains out if I stirred.
Shipley's Defence. Hunt came into my room about half an hour previous - he sent me out for six pennyworth of rum - I went and fetched it - I had occasion to go to two or three different places - I was not gone more than half an hour - I returned - we drank the liquor, and when I returned the other two prisoners were in the room - I returned with a bottle which I had borrowed at the inn; and keeping on my bonnet and shawl, I came down stairs a second time - I threw my shawl on the chair immediately, went to the bed, and put my bonnet inside the bed, and was returning from the bed, having occasion to go out again, when the policemen surprised me by the sudden entrance - the first policeman who entered, to the best of my knowledge, was Goose - he flew to Hunt - two others flew to the others, and the fourth stationed himself with his back towards the door - they bid me stand in the same position as I was in when they entered, which I did - when they searched the other prisoners a policeman came and searched me - then he left me in care of another while he took the three prisoners to the station-house - then came back and took me.
Miller's Defence. I came up to the room knocking at the door - the prisoner, Shipley, let me in - I went for a clean shirt she had of mine, and in five or ten minutes Goose arrived - he immediately rushed to Hunt, put the pistol to his head, and said, he would blow his b - y brains out if he moved - he could not see me, for I was behind him, and he took a false oath that it was I dropped the file - I had nothing to do with it - a policeman laid hold of me, and took an oath I had thrown one across the room, but I had nothing in my hand - when Clifton went to give his evidence, Goose was behind him putting the words into his mouth.
Peapall's Defence. I live at No. 4, New Peter-street. I was returning home - I called on Hunt for a tobacco-box I had given him the night before and forgotten, and was not in the room three minutes when Goose rushed in - I was taken to the station-house - Goose came and said, "Peapall, I am sorry for you, for I saw you go in not five minutes before, myself" - a soldier was in the place, and heard it, and they would not allow him to give his evidence - he is in the 15th Hussars, and is gone to Ireland, or he could take his oath I had not been there five minutes.
(
               
                  William 
                  Sampson
               



            , tinman, of No. 16, Silver-street, Golden-square; 
               
                  John 
                  Garrett
               



            , coal-dealer, of No. 12, Lancaster-court, New Bond-street; 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Hartland
               



            , porter; and 
               
                  William 
                  Reynolds
               



            , porter, of No. 5, Lancaster-court, gave the prisoner Peapall a good character. 
               
                  John 
                  Watkins
               



            , publican, of Leicester-street, Regent-street; 
               
                  Martha 
                  Bowen
               



            , of No. 7, Wallis-place, Pimlico; and 
               S. Aclin
            , of Great Guildford-street, gave the prisoner Miller a good character. 
               
                  Valentine 
                  Barnes
               



            , of No. 13, Sackville-place, Mile End-road, gave the prisoner Shipley a good character.)
HUNT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
SHIPLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
MILLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.






               Transported for Life
            .
PEAPALL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
