






1227. 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     McCOLIFF
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of July

, 1 watch, value 4l. 17s.; 1 chain, value 1s.; 1 seal, value 1s., and 1 watch key, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Jenkins
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLARY
                  




               
             for 


               receiving the same, well knowing it to be stolen
            .
RICHARD JENKINS. I keep an eating-house
 in New Compton-street. At half-past nine o'clock at night, on the 10th of July, I was in Crown-street, Soho



, going home, and saw Mc Coliff about a yard off me, coming towards me; as he was in the act of passing me, he snatched the chain of my watch, took my watch out of my fob, and ran off down Crown-street; he turned into Dudley-court, and was taken there - I only lost sight of him for a moment, while he turned; I was close to him; he was stopped by a private watchman, who is not here, but the policeman is who took him directly - it was a silver watch - I have not seen it since.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Where had you been spending the evening? A. I had been out on business in Tottenham Court-road, at a private house - I had not been drinking at all - I had known Mc Coliff by sight before, but I did not know where he lived; it is rather a crowded neighbourhood - it was not quite dark; the prisoner only turned one corner, and I was close to him.


                  THOMAS 
                  HENLEY
               



             (police-constable F 70). I was on duty, and heard a cry of "Stop thief;" I saw Mc Coliff run, and turn up Dudley-court, pursued by a mob of people and the prosecutor; I followed and took him into custody from a watchman - I know Clary; I had seen him about Crown-street before.
Cross-examined. Q. Was there not a great crowd? A. I should think forty or fifty persons - I was at the corner of Denmark-street; they came from Sutton-street; the court Mc Coliff turned up was between me and him - I am sure no one passed me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live at No. 29, Crown-street. I was at our door, and heard the cry of "Stop thief;" I saw Mc Coliff run, pursued by the prosecutor - he was stopped by the private watchman, and the police officer took him - when he had brought him about one hundred yards, I saw him pass the watch to Clary in Crown-street; Clary was behind Mc Coliff - he took it and ran off - I know Clary by sight, and I am sure he is the person.
Cross-examined. Q. Where did you first mention this? A. At the station-house, Bow-street; I was afraid to call out at the time I saw him take it, as there were so many thieves about me, and only one policeman - I do not know whether most of the persons were thieves, but there were a great many - I know Clary by sight - I never quarrelled with him; he was taken on the 13th of July - I did not hear anything said about him before I got to the station-house, but when I got there, I told the policeman that Mc Coliff had passed the watch to a young man, and I described him and his dress - he was taken from the description.
Mc COLIFF - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CLARY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
