





Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
1989. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     DILLON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of July
, 2 rings, value 6s.; 4 boxes, value 12s.; 2 spoons, value 5s.; 1 case, value 1s.; 14 yards of silk, value 30s.; 11 yards of persian, value 16s.; 1 pair of ear-rings and drops, value 7s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 2 necklaces, value 7s.; 11 yards of gingham, value 2s.; 3 towels, value 1s.; 2 dresses, value 5s.; 1 comb, value 5s.; 1 shawl, value 6d.; 1 Bible, value 17s.; 1 brooch, value 3s.; 1 breast-pin, value 2s.; half a yard of calico-velvet, value 3s.; 1 fan, value 4d.; 1 locket, value 3s.; 5 yards of calico, value 2s.; 1 piece of foreign gold coin, value 36s.; 1 half-guinea, 1 half-crown, one shilling, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Stone
                        




                     
                  , in her dwelling-house
            .
GEORGE FOX. I am a cabinet-maker, and live in Upper Seymour-street


, in the dwelling-house of Miss Ann Stone, who is an invalid, and obliged to be carried up and down stairs; she cannot attend here. The prisoner was in her service - she left her on Saturday night, the 28th of July, without notice, and on Sunday morning this property was missed; I went about three o'clock that afternoon, with an officer, to the prisoner's mother's, in Featherstone-street, City-road; the prisoner saw me coming, ran up stairs, and got behind the bed; I went into the room, and said, **Mary, it is no use your running behind the bed" - she came out directly; I said,"Oh, Mary, what have you been doing?" I asked her where the things were which she had taken from Miss Stone - she made no answer; her mother said, "Here is something I have picked off the floor, and was just coming to Miss Stone's, to ask if these things were hers;" we searched the room, and found this property belonging to Miss Stone - I have seen them in her possession; here is a gold coin and gold chain - I should value all the things at about 9l.; no one article is worth 1l.


                  EDWARD 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I went with Fox - his account is correct.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am shop-boy to Mr. Redpath, a pawnbroker. These two pieces of silk were pawned on Friday, the 27th of July, by the prisoner, in the name of Ann and Mary Fox; she said that was her mistress' name - that she pawned one for her mistress, and the other for her mother; I saw them pawned, and made out the duplicates.(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
