




1129. 




JOHN WILES
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
22nd of April, 48 pieces of ribbon, containing 1720 yards, value 7l., the goods of 



Hugh Roberts and another, his masters; and 




MARY MOSS



for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to be stolen, against the Statute.






JOHN SANDERS
. I live in Wood-street, and am a warehouseman. On the afternoon of the 22nd of April, I was at the door of my house, opposite Mr. Roberts's—I saw the male prisoner, who was in his service, come down the warehouse stairs into the street, and cross the street with two parcels of ribbon under his arm—I suspected him, and followed him into Bull's Head-passage, about twelve yards from the door—at the top of that court is a bend which comes into St. Alban's-court; in that bend I saw him give the goods to the female prisoner, who put them under her shawl, and instantly said, "I shall see you to-night"—he said "Yes;" and away he went—I followed her through Falcon-square, down Hart-street, to London-wall—she then ran—I believe she saw me, as she turned round—I followed, and took her in Milton-street, with the goods on her—I put her into a baker's shop, and sent the baker for a constable, who took her into custody—the place where Wiles gave her the goods was not in sight of the warehouse at all—she could not see it where she was—I had not seen her before.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How many different streets did you follow her through? A. Very few; I was not five yards behind her, all the way; she went about a quarter of a mile—I never lost sight of her—I was close to her when he gave her the parcel—I saw it done clearly.

Cross-examined by
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Can you tell what the male prisoner delivered to her? A. Two rolls of ribbon—it was two parcels—what they contained I did not know till I saw it afterwards—the moment he gave her the goods, she put them under her shawl—she was taken into custody in about ten minutes, I should think, after he had delivered her the pareels—I took her myself; and took from her two brown paper parcels.

COURT. Q. Was there any thing particular about the parcels, to show what they contained? A. Yes; they were marked at the end on the paper.





HUGH ROBERTS
. I am in partnership with my son, and live in Wood-street. These parcels have my mark on them—they contain forty-eight pieces of ribbon, value above 7l. at cost price—the male prisoner was in my employment—he had no authority to dispose of the goods—I had gone to dinner, and was not out above three quarters of an hour—as I returned, I

received information of this—I manufactured the goods, and have marks on them, and on the outside.





DANIEL MEALY
. I am policeman. I received charge of the female prisoner in Moor-lane, and produce the property—she was crying very much, and said she had received the parcels from a young man, but she did not know any thing about them—they had not been opened that—I went to Mr. Roberta's warehouse, and found the male prisoner there—the female prisoner resided at No. 7, Ebenezer-square—the way she went was not her straight way home.





JOHN SANDERS

re-examined. She ran about the length of Newgate-street.

Cross-examined. I thought you never lost sight of her? A. No more I did—I was looking for an officer—I thought it was not in my power to take her myself, but I did at last at my own risk, not feeing a policeman—I said nothing to her when she was running.

Moss. I never ran—it was in Moor-lane. Witness. She was in Moor-lane—she did run and very fast—I saw Wiles open the window of the warehouse at the corner of Love-lane, which looks into Bull's Head-passage—he was down stairs in an instant—that window would enable him to give a signal to Moss in the court as a notice to her to receive the goods.
(Joseph Emsler and the Rev. John W. Morrison gave Wiles a good character.

WILES—


GUILTY
. Aged 19—


Transported for Seven Years.

MOSS—


NOT GUILTY
.
