





1397. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PLOWRIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of April
, 1 pair of shoes, value 8s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 5s., and 2 waistcoat-pieces, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Fowler
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I am a tailor
, and live with my father, at Tottenham


. The prisoner was my father's apprentice
, and on Sunday morning, the 4th of April, a little before eleven o'clock, my father desired him to go to church; he went up stairs - he slept in the same room with me; my trousers were then in the box - I had just taken them off; I soon afterwards saw him in the cutting shop, where these waistcoat-pieces were - my shoes were hanging near the room in which he dressed; he went out, but did not return at the time - at eight o'clock in the evening, from information, I searched and missed the property; I enquired, and heard the prisoner had gone down the road - I got a warrant; he was taken, I believe, at Cheshunt, about three weeks after - the shoes were on his feet; I know them to be mine, though they are a good deal worn.
JAMES REEVES. I am a shoemaker. I made these shoes for the prosecutor - I made them myself, and noone makes such a cut as I do; I never made shoes for the prisoner - I am certain I made them for the prosecutor; they were made with a long strap and a buckle, but the straps are now cut off, and the short straps are not bound - no shoemaker would send them out so.
JOHN FOWLER. I am the prosecutor's brother. I took the prisoner at Enfield-highway - he owned that the shoes belonged to my brother, but denied having taken the other things.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
