



1674. 




MARTIN DUMPHY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of July, 1 watch-chain, value 8l. 8s.; and 1 seal, value 3l.; the goods of 




George Mackie and another, in the dwelling-house of the said 



George Mackie; and that he had been before convicted of felony.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the dwelling-house of 



George Mackie and another.






GEORGE MACKIE
. I live in the City-road, in the parish of St. Luke's, Middlesex, and am a watch-maker and jeweller. I have one partner—it is my dwelling-house—at half past seven o'clcok last Saturday, the prisoner came to my shop, and asked for a gold-chain—he examined the one I showed him very minutely, and approved of it—he then wished to look at a gold seal—he selected one at 3l.—he then wished to see another chain which hung up in the window, and on my turning my back to him he caugth up the seal and chain, and ran out of the shop with them—the seal was worth 3l., the chain 8l. 8s.—I pursued, crying "Stop thief"—he ran a quarter of a mile, down one street and up another—we got a hundred people pursuing him, and he took refuge in a court which was no thoroughfare—he was stopped in a garden belonging to a small house in the court—the chain was afterwards found.





VALENTINE JONES SMITH
 (police-constable G 226.) I heard a cry of "Stop thief" on the 2nd of July, and saw the prisoner running—I went to a garden, and took him there—I found nothing on him.





THOMAS HOWARD
. I live in Leonard-court. I searched the garden where the prisoner was taken, and found this gold seal and chain.
(property produced and sworn to.)





WILLIAM ATTFIELD
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office (read.)—the prisoner is the man.

Prisoner. I was discharged from the House of Correction—I got into the police, and in consequence of talking a man, the Magistrate reported that I had been taken myself, and I was dismissed.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Life.
