





356. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  HADNELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of December
, 2 aprons, value 6d.; 1 shovel, value 1s.; 1 pair of tongs, value 1s.; 1 poker, value 1s.; 2 ounces of tea, value 9d.; 1 canister, value 1d., and 3s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Burn
               




            .


                  SARAH 
                  BURN
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Burn, and live in Short's-gardens, Belton-street, Long-acre


. About five weeks before this robbery, I was standing at my door smoking, and saw the prisoner - I said "What do you stand there for on this wet day?" she said she had no place to go to; I asked her to come in and warm herself - she cried and said she had no home, and had only one shilling a week from St. Giles's parish to live on; I said,"If you come in the day-time I will give you leave to sit by the fire, but food I have none, but I will give you a drop of coffee:" after some time it was very cold, and I said she might sleep with me, but she made such a noise in her sleep I could not let her remain; I then used to come down in the morning to let her in to light the fire; on Christmas-day I went out early to a marriage, I had put three shillings in my tea-canister the day before towards my rent; I did not return till early the next morning - the prisoner then came in very much in liquor - I said, "You had better lay down on the rug before the fire," and I covered her with my apron; I went to bed - when I awoke she was gone - I missed the fireirons and the tea-canister; I did not see her again till the Monday following, when I met her in the street, and said, "Tell me where my things are and I will redeem them;" she took me for a full hour up one street and down another, and said she had left them at an iron-shop for one shilling, and she would get them - she admitted she had taken them; I have found nothing except an apron, which she had on; I got an officer - she took him about for some time, and then he took her to Bow-street.
JOHN HANHAM. I am an officer. I took the prisoner - she said she had disposed of the fire-irons, but said nothing about the tea-canister; she told me of several shops, which I went to, but could not find them; I took this apron from the prisoner, which the prosecutrix claimed.
Prisoner's Defence. I know about the fire-irons, but I never touched any thing else.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 43. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
