





319. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GRIMES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of December
, 1 card-case, value 3d., and 4 sovereigns
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jefferys
                  




               
            .


                  LUCY 
                  JEFFERYS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Jefferys
               



            ; I have the care of a house, No. 16, Bryanstone-square


. On the afternoon of the 19th of December, I heard the bell ring; I went up, and the Police-officer gave me information: I looked, and missed a card-case, containing four sovereigns, which had been kept in one of the top drawers in the housekeeper's room - I have seen them at the Police-office; they were my husband's property.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Where is this room? A. In front of the area, down stairs; I had seen the card-case safe the day before: no one had been in the house but myself and my husband - I had had some coals in,but the person did not come into the house, only into the cellar.


                  PATRICK 
                  BOURKE
               



             (Police-constable D 101). I was on duty on the 19th of December, in Bryanstone-square, and saw the prisoner come out of the kitchen door, of No. 16; he slammed the door too, and came up the area steps - he had a basket in one hand, and some oranges in the other; I rang the bell, and was answered by the witness - I followed the prisoner, who ran round Montague-place, into Crawford-street, and on to Seymour-place, where he was stopped; I had seen him throw his basket and oranges away in Bryanstone-mews - my attention was called by a person to an area in Crowford-street, by which the prisoner had run; I knocked at the door, and saw a person pick up from that area, this card-case: I took him to the station - in going to the office he said he was very sorry for what he had done, but if he were released he would get a ship and leave the country.
Cross-examined. Q. How near were you to him when he came out of the kitchen door? A. I was opposite: he saw me; he did not run at first - he had turned several corners, and I lost sight of him, before he was taken.
COURT. Q. How long did he retain his basket and oranges? A. Till almost the last; he walked at first, but when I ran he did.


                  JOHN 
                  RAND
               



            . I am a milkman, and live in Little Church-street, Marylebone. I was in Seymour-place on the 19th of December; I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running very fast, and a mob after him; I stopped him; he cried for mercy, and begged me to let him go - I gave him to the Policeman; he came from Crawford-street.(Property produced and sworn to).
Prisoner. I never made any such statement as the officer says I did.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
