



962. 




ELLEN GURNEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of March, at 
St. George, Hanover-square, 1 £10 Bank-note, and 1 £5 Banknote; the property of 



James Redfern; in the dwelling-house of 



William Greayer.






JAMES REDFERN
. I am a servant, out of place, and lodge at No. 28, Mount-street, Grosvenor-square, at the Barley Mow pubb'c-house, kept by William Greayer. The prisoner has been a servant in that house—on the evening of the 23rd of March, I saw Thompson, the policeman, standing at the bar, between seven and eight o'clock—Mr. Greaycr called me—I went up to my bed-room, on the second floor—(I had slept there for three weeks)—I

had two boxes there—I had seen them safe at twelve o'clock that morning—the box was then locked, and the key in my pocket—on going up, I found the lid shut down, but on taking out the key, and turning it in the lock, I found it was broken open—I missed a £10 and a £5 Bank-note—the officer has them—I should know them again—I had seen them in the box at eleven o'clock that morning.

Prisoner. He gave me the money on the Saturday. Witness. I did not give it her, it was taken from my box.





WILLIAM ELLIOTT
. I am shopman to Mr. Deverell, a linen-draper, in Oxford-street. The prisoner came to the shop on the evening of the 23rd of March, about half-past seven or eight o'clock—she was partly intoxicated—she bought a shawl for 18s., and gave me a £5 note—I gave her four sovereigns and 2s. in change—I have the note—I received it from Mr. Deverell yesterday morning—I am potitive it is the same.





THOMAS HENRY THOMPSON
. I am a policeman. I met the prisoner in Oxford-street, on the 23rd of March, about eight o'clock—she asked me the way to Portman-mews—I told her, and in going by the King and Queen public-house, I saw Mr. Egerton, the landlord—in consequence of what he said, I went after the prisoner, and met her again in Oxford-street, near the lame spot as before—I asked her if she did not want to go to Portman-mews—she said, "Yes"—I told her to take hold of my arm, and I would take her there—I went as far as Bird-street with her—she then said, "You are not taking me to Portman-mews; this is Bird-street: I shall not go farther with you"—I told her I must take her into custody, for she was drunk, and had got a good deal of money—she said she was not, and threw herself on the ground, and struggled—I went and got assistance, and took her into the Victoria public-house—she had two bundles with her—one was a shawl, and the other a piece of flannel—she asked who gave her into custody—I said, Nobody, that I took her for being drunk—she said she lived in Mount-street—I sent her to the station-house—the had in her hand what I supposed to be a note—I tried to get it from her, but did not succeed—I held her hand till she got to the station-house, and there she gave the note to Bourke, the officer—I heard him read the name of Turner on the note—I did not see what amount it was—I asked her for her money—she gave me 2l. 14s. 6d. out of her Pocket and I took a sovereign out of her mouth.





PATRICK BOURKE
. I am a policeman. I was at the station-house when the prisoner was brought there—she had a £10 note—I asked her for it—she gave it to me, and said it belonged to herself—this is it—I gave it to Robinson, the inspector.





JOHN ROBINSON
. I have produced the same note at I received from Bourke—he gave me the three sovereigns, and the 14s. 6d. also—the prisoner, when she was brought to the station-house, said her matter had paid her her wages that day, and the money she had, she had received from him that day for wages.





JAMES REDFERN

re-examined. These are the notes I lost that day, and which I saw about twelve o'clock—one is a £10 and the other a 5 note on the back of the £10 note I have written the name "Turner"—I had received them from Mr. Greayer, the landlord, for country notes—I took the numbers of them as soon as I received them.





WILLIAM GREAYER
. I keep the Barley Mow. The prisoner was there on liking—I gave these notes to the prosecutor—I paid the prisoner nothing.
(The prisoner put in a long written defence, stating that the prosecutor

had taken certain indecent liberties with her without her consent, and that he had given her the notes in question as an inducement not to complain.)





JAMES REDFERN

re-examined. I never desired her to let me into he room, I solemnly swear—I never gave her the money, or offered her any money—my time was short in the house—the landlord can say I never interfered with the servants—it was all the money I had in my trunk it the time—I looked in my trunk that morning and took some out—I did not miss my money till the officer came, and gave the information to Greayer that he had his servant in custody, and asked him if any thing was lost; and then Greayer called me into my bed-room—he said, "Have you lost any thing?"—I said, "Not that I know of"—he said, "Examine your box;" and on my trying it the clasp fell on the floor.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
