



322. 




JOHN NATHAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 22nd of November, 1 coat, value 30s., the goods of 



Richard Collopy, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






RICHARD COLLOPY
. I am a tailor, and live in Charles street, Oxford-street—I formerly lived in Chapel-street west, May-fair. The prisoner came to me there, on the 22nd of September, to purchase an old pair of trowsers and an old coat—he was going about as an old-clothesman—he paid about 10s. for them—he took up a coat off the cutting-board, which belonged to a customer, and asked if it was for' sale—I said, "No," and he laid it down again on the top of some other coats—while he was in the shop my back was rather towards him, so that I could not exactly see the coat—I was behind my cutting-board, which is about forty-eight inches wide—there was a variety of things on the board, and the coat laid on the top of them—directly the prisoner was gone I missed that coat—it was a rifle-green, with a black velvet collar and gambroon buttons—I have never seen it since—nobody had been in the shop but the prisoner before I missed it—there were two workmen and an apprentice-boy there—the prisoner said he was in the habit of coming by my door every day, but I never saw him—about two months after I met him in Parliament-street—I asked him if he had ever been in my shop before, and told him he had stolen a coat from me—he said he had never been in my shop, nor ever seen me before—he then ran off into St. James's Park, and was stopped by a soldier there, as I called "Stop thief"—before he ran away, he observed he did recollect me, and recollected purchasing the old trowsers and coat that for 10s—and I then charged him with stealing the coat.

Prisoner. When I came by his place, he called me in, and I bought the things of him, and paid for them—I called a few days after, and he had gone away and not paid his rent, as the neighbours informed me. Witness I was there six or eight weeks after, and he never called—I have paid my rent there—I did not tell him if he would give me anything I would not give him into custody—he had a bag with him the day he called.

Prisoner. At Queen-square, he said there were six or seven men on the board at work, and they had their backs towards me, and so he had himself—I paid for the coat and trowsers and went about my business.

Witness. I had not six or seven men working in the shop—I had no more than I have mentioned—the coat was lying about a yard from the door and about two yards to the left of the articles he had purchased—he took it up, laid it down again, spread the old coat over it, and must have moved the whole into his bag altogether—I know no other way in which he could have done it—I did not see him do so.





NEWLAND EDWIN
. (police-constable A 27.)On the morning of the 9th of December, I was in Great Queen-street, near St. James's park, and heard a cry of "Police," I went and took the prisoner into custody in Dartmouth-street—the prosecutor said in his hearing, that he had taken a

coat from his shop two months previous—the prisoner said nothing—he was very willing to go with me.





JOSEPH THRING
. I am a tailor, and live in King-street, St. James's. On the 22nd of September, I was at work for the prosecutor, in his shop—I remember the prisoner coming to buy some clothes'—several articles were lying on the counter—I saw him with the rifle-green coat In his hand two or three times—I do not know whether he was told it was for sale or not—the coat was missed the minute after he left—no body else had come into the shop before it was missed—it had been about a yard and a half or two yards from the door—the prisoner was rather behind Me, and might have taken it without my seeing him—the apprentice sat behind me—there was another man sitting on my left further from the prisoner—I made diligent search for the coat, and I am certain it was not among the others—I had seen it in the prisoner's hand.

Prisoner. There were five or six men on the board. Witness. No, there was not—I believe one of the young men spoke to you about a hat Which you said you had bought—I could not see what you put into your bag—I was not looking at you when you went out.

COURT. Q. Did any of the persons on the shop-board get off, from the time the prisoner we at out till the coat was missed? A. No, neither of them could have removed it—I was sitting nearer to it than any body—my master missed it first.

Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor swears very falsely—he met me right opposite the Horse-Guards, and accused me of it—I asked him if he was joking, and said, "Do you mean to accuse me of steering the coat?" he said, "I do not accuse you of stealing it, but there was nobody in the place but you"—I said, "Did you see me steel it" he said, "No, but there was nobody to steal it but you." I know nothing about it—I stopped in the shop a few minutes after putting the things into the bag—at Queen-square he said he missed it about a quarter of an hour after.

Prisoner to
RICHARD GOLLOPY. Q. How long was I in your shop alto-gether? A. I should consider perhaps five or ten minutes was the outside—when I met you you said you never saw me nor my shop before—nobody opened the shop door between the prisoner's going and my missing the coat—it was impossible for any one to creep in and take it—the door was shut while he was there.





JOSEPH THRING
, re-examined. Nobody could have taken it after the prisoner left the shop—the door was not opened.

JURY. Q. Might not the door be opened and you not know it? A. No it was on my right-hand side.





GEORGE THATCHER
, (police-sergeant, B 17.)I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace for Westminster—(read)—I was present on the 1st of January, 1835, when the prisoner was tried and convicted—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for seven Years.
