





601. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  BONHAM
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March
, 3 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, and 4 quarter rupees, value 1l. 10s.
            , the monies of 
               
                  George Frederick 
                  Bult
               




            .
GEORGE FREDERICK BULT. On the 26th of March, I was returning home through John-street


, about one o'clock in the morning, and the prisoner came to me and wished me to accompany her home, which I declined - she continued to press me, and walked by my side for some time - she then left me suddenly, and I missed my purse from my breeches pocket, which contained three sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and four quater rupees, worth 1l. 10s., and some silver - I accused her of having stolen my purse - she denied it, and pointed to my purse on the ground - I took it up, and found one end was empty, and when I got to the station-house I found it was the end in which the gold had been - there was no conversation took place between us.
Prisoner. He gave me the money, and then he came after me, and said, he had given me gold instead of silver. Witness. I did not give her any thing, nor intend it - she had no reason to expect any thing from me.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



             (police-constable G 57). I took the prisoner - the prosecutor accused her of robbing him of 4l. - she denied it - I said she must go to the station-house, and when she got half-way up the street, I saw her put her hand into her bosom - I took her hand, and found in it these two sovereigns, this half-sovereign, and two quarter rupees, and in the scuffle of taking them from her hand I thought I heard something fall - I took her to the station-house, and came back to the spot, but could find nothing there - I went again at daylight, and found this other quarter of a rupee - the prisoner said, "You have lagged my Jem, and now I will go after him."
Prisoner's Defence. It was not this officer who took me - it was Mr. Davis - he told me to ding the money into his hand - I was with the prosecutor a quarter of an hour, and he gave them to me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
