





1825. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SHAW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of March
, 20 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, and three 5l. bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Farrington
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
SAMUEL FARRINGTON, I am a canal boatman
, and live in Staffordshire. On the 23rd of March I was in London' and met a person who asked me to go and drink with him at the New London-bridge tap


; I went with him - he was a farmer, who said he had been on foot ever since ten o'clock, that he was fatigued, and was going to have a bit of bread and cheese, and a pint of ale - he asked me to go with him; I said I had no objection, as I had a bit of leisure time - I had not known him before; when we went into the room, the prisoner came in and called for bread and cheese, and said he meant to have had a flesh meat dinner, but they had none there - he said he had not had flesh meat for a long time, and the reason was he had no money, for he had been at law a long time, and an old lady advised him to employ her lawyer, which he did, and he got him the money directly; he said he had part of the money with him, and offered to let us have some if we liked - he pulled it out, and said he should have more on the 4th of next month - the other gentleman told him he was very silly for pulling out his money before company; he said it did not signify before we - he said the lawyer told him to take care of his money, and keep from the ladies; the other gentleman then said, "I will tell you the safest place to put it in, that is in your watch-pocket" - the prisoner then pulled out his watch, and put his bills in, and I crammed them down with a fork haft, so that he could put his watch in - then the other farmer must have his put in so; and then, as I did not want money, I pulled out mine, and the prisoner gave us 2s. to drink his health - I put my purse into my watch-pocket, and my notes; this prisoner told me to hold my pocket open, and he would put it in for me, and he did so - I took all the notice of it that I could; they then both went out - I went on to Stones-end - I then came back, and went and ordered some liquor at Thompson and Fearon's; I went to pull out my money to pay for it, and I had nothing but some halfpence with paper round them - I saw the prisoner about a fortnight afterwards in Ratcliff-highway; I followed him - he walked about twenty yards, and then ran; I ran after him, and met two Policemen; they overtook him somewhere in Rosemary-lane - I know he is the man; there were three notes found on him - he said itwould cost me 30l. or 40l. if I prosecuted him, and he would give me part of the money back again.
Cross-examined by MR. CURWOOD. Q. They breed acute men in Staffordshire, do they not? A. Yes - I do not know whether they call me acute; I am speaking the truth - I had come to London at that time to bring salt; I had three 5l. notes in a yellow purse, and twenty sovereigns and one half-sovereign - I mean I saw the prisoner a fortnight ago, not a fortnight after the time; it was five months after I lost my money that he was taken - I had seen a man once in the mean time, who I thought had taken my money, but I had a load on my back, and could not follow him; it was a gentleman farmer who asked me to go in - I drank once or twice of the ale, and had some tobacco; I was there an hour - the other man did not touch my money at all, I believe: I kept my eye on the prisoner, but he deceived me, or some what else did - I felt the same bulk in my pokcet, as I went along; I am not mistaken in the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNES
               



             (Police-constable H 168.) I was in East Smithfield, and heard an alarm of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running away - I pursued him; he turned up Dock-street - I followed him: he turned to the left, and went into a Jew's, who sells old clothes, the second door on the left-hand; he hid himself behind the door, and I went in and took him - he said, "You must not take me -I have done nothing:' I took him to the station - I found on him this watch, a duplicate, a Bath note for 5l., and two flash notes for 100l.
Cross-examined. Q. I dare say you know that persons who are not thieves, carry flash notes? A. I have seen them - I cannot find that there is such a bank at Bath as his other note refers to.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor is mistaken in the person - there were several persons in the room, as he says - I get my living by selling horses on commission.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
