





593. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, 1 sovereign, and 2 sixpences, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Wilcher
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
CHARLES WILCHER. I am a pensioner of Greenwich
. On the 11th of January I drew my pension, and went to the Coach and Horses, at the corner of King David-lane; the prisoner came in there - I went home with her, and asked her what I should give her; she said 3s., which I gave her out of my pocket - I had then a sovereign and two sixpences left in my pocket-book in my jacket pocket - I had seen them about twenty minutes before; when I had been with her about fifteen minutes, she said she had a gown in pawn, and she would go and get it while she had the money - she went out, and did not return for two hours; I had then missed my money - I gave charge of her; my sovereign was a bright one.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUTLER
               



             (Police-constable K 48.) On the day stated I took the prisoner - she said so help her Godshe had no more than the 3s. which the prosecutor gave her; I searched her, and found some halfpence and one shilling - I took her to the watch-house; and found she had a new shift and flannel petticoat on - I asked how she got them; she said they were given to her by the workhouse people - I inquired, and found she had changed a sovereign; I asked how she got it - she said, "I had the old fellow's money - don't you like me? I have got 10s. left, and I will give you half of it;" I went to a house she described, but could not find the 10s. - my brother officer said he had seen four half-crowns in her hand.


                  THOMAS 
                  TURNER
               



            . I keep the White Lion. On the 12th of January the prisoner came for a quartern of gin, and gave me a bright sovereign; I gave her four half-crowns, nine shillings, and twopence.
Prisoner's Defence. A person came, and asked if I would have any thing to drink - I said Yes; she gave me the sovereign to bring the gin, and I gave her the change; I do not know where she lives, but she has known me from a child - I never saw the prosecutor.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
