





104. 
               
                  ADELAIDE 
                  LE GRANGE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of November
, 5 silver spoons, value 30s., and 1 pair of silver sugar-bows, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Crawley
                  




               
            .
The prisoner being a native of France, the evidence was interpreted to her.
CHARLES CRAWLEY. I keep the York Hotel, in Albemarle-street




. The prisoner came to my house one Sunday, about three weeks ago; she said she came from France, and desired to have a room for the night - having seen her last year with the family of Mr. Cadogan, where she was lady's-maid, I let her have a lodging - she did not bring any luggage: she staid till the Thursday following; she had access to the property - from some circumstances I did not feel satisfied, and I urged her to leave the house; she went away on the Thursday with a bundle - as she was leaving, a person observed that she looked very intently on some silver spoons; I followed her, and had her searched - four spoons were found in her bundle, one in her hair, and this pair of sugar-tongs was in her bosom; they are mine.


                  CHARLES 
                  WILLIAM HODGES
               



            . I am a Police-officer. The prosecutor gave me charge of the prisoner in High-street; I took her to the station-house - I found these four spoons in her bundle.


                  JOHN 
                  CRESWELL
               



            . I am an inspector of the Police. Hodges brought in the prisoner - I saw these four spoons found in her bundle; I got a woman to search her - she found this other spoon in her hair, and these tongs in her bosom.
Prisoner's Defence. It is my own property.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
