





824 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  MORLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December
, 1 trunk, value 10s.; 1 dress, value 30s.; 2 watches, value 12l.; 1 gold chain, value 8l.; 1 locket, value 2l.; 1 night-dress and cap, value 12s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 8s.; 1 habit-shirt, value 15s.; 4 combs, value 30s.; 1 brush, value 2s.; 1 bag, value 10s.; 1 music-book, value 3l.; 7 pieces of music, value 12s.; 1 apron, value 1s., and 1 pair of shoes, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Sarah Knight 
                  Bousfield
               




            .


                  CHARLES 
                  HENRY PARROTT
               



            . On the 18th of December I was at Muswell-hill, and saw the prisoner at the Green Man; he drove a cab
 - I had a trunk with me; I asked him to take me to town - he said he could not take me, buthe would take the trunk for 1s. 6d.; I said I wanted it to get to town by five o'clock - he was waiting for a person; I told him to deliver the trunk at No. 12, Chatham-place, Blackfriars, for Miss Bousfield - the prisoner got into his cab, and took the reins, but I did not see him set off.
CATHERINE HAWKINS. I am the wife of James Hawkins; we keep the Green Man, at Muswell-hill. I saw the prisoner there with a cab, and I heard Parrott stipulate with him to take the trunk to town with in the time for 1s. 6d.
MISS SARAH KNIGHT BOUSFIELD. I live at Muswell-hill, with my brother. On the 18th of December I packed the trunk to go to town; there were two gold watches, some dresses, and all the articles stated in the indictment in it; they were worth about 32l. - I had left it at Muswellhill, and sent Parrott for it; I have never seen it since.


                  EDMUND 
                  DAVIS
               



             (Police-constable E 86). I live in Charlotte-street, Bloomsbury. I took the prisoner on the 24th of February. at the Bricklayers' Arms, in Rathbone-place; I said, "Halloo, Dan! I have been looking for you some time?" he said, "I may as well be transported as starved here; I have kept out of the way as long as I can" - I had received notice of the robbery the day it happened; I do not know where the cab No. 112 stood, which was the one the prisoner drove.


                  CHARLES 
                  HENRY PARROTT
               



            . I am sure the prisoner is the man.
MRS. HAWKINS. I am sure he is the man.
Prisoner's Defence. On the day mentioned I went out of the yard with a cab - I do not know the number; I went home to dinner, leaving the cab on the rank - I never saw the man I left it with till half-past twelve o'clock at night, when he came home drunk, with no money; I did not go home, for fear of two months' imprisonment for leaving my work - I told the Policeman I was taken for another man's crime; I was out of the way for fear of being taken for leaving my cab.


                  DAVID 
                  LEAK
               



            . I live in Worship-street. I employed the prisoner to drive the cab No. 112 - I sent him out on the 18th of December, and he never returned; a strange man brought the cab home, and said the prisoner had met with an accident, and was thrown out at Covent-garden-market; I went there, and found that no such thing had happened.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
