





2037. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     EMMERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of July
, 1 bag, value 1d.; 24 half-crowns; 38 shillings, and 4 sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Leah 
                           Hunt
                        




                     
                  , her mistress
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  LEAH 
                  HUNT
               



            . I am a widow
 and live in Petticoat-lane


; I am in the coal and potatoe trade
 - the prisoner was in my service. On Friday, the 27th of July, I placed exactly 5l. in sixpences, shillings, and half-crowns in a bag, and when I closed shop just before my Sabbath commenced, I put the bag into a drawer with 19l., which was in a piece of patchwork - it was in the middle of the drawer, in my bed-room; the drawer was locked, but whether I left the key there I cannot tell: I put it away to pay my coal bill - I did not go to look for it till the Monday morning; I found the patchwork tied up as I had left it - I brought it down, untied it, but found the bag of silver was not there; I called the servants, and said, "I am robbed! I am robbed!" I have another servant: the prisoner was near enough to hear me - I said,"I will go and send for a Policeman, and have every one of your boxes searched," meaning all the servants: the other servant said I was very welcome to go over her box, and that it was not locked, but the prisoner said nothing - I sent for Lealter, and told him, in the prisoner's presence, what had happened; he went up stairs, the prisoner went first, and he followed her - they were not up stairs long Lealter; brought down my purse and the 5l. in silver (the prisoner slept in the same room as I did); I said, "Oh, here is my little coarse purse with my 5l. in it," and asked her how she could be so cruel as to rob a widow with a family of children, as she had robbed me - she prayed forgiveness and I let her go; and on the same day, in about two hours, I received a summons from her, and went before the Justice, but she did not attend, and the case was dismissed - I told the Justice what had happened; he granted a warrant for her, and she was taken the same day.
The summons being read, was for unlawfully taking 5l. out of the prisoner's box.
Cross-examined by MR. DONNE. Q. How long had she been in your employ? A. Two years altogether; she lived with me twice - I gave her 1s. 6d. a week: she had told me about a fortnight before, that she was going to give me warning, but not till I suited myself; we were to part friendly; I am sure when I put the money into the drawer I locked it, and had the key in my pocket, but whether I left the key in the drawers when I took the money out I cannot tell - the bag was made of coarse cloth; I never made another bag of the same stuff; none of stuff was remaining.


                  ISAAC 
                  LEALTER
               



            . I am a neighbour of Mrs. Hunt's. -On Monday, the 30th of July, I was sent for, and went to her house; the prisoner and the other servant was present - she told me she missed the bag of silver from a drawer in her bed-room, and that nobody but her servants had access to the room; I said the best thing was to search their boxes - the other said she was willing: the prisoner beganto cry - I said, "Come, I will go up and search your box"- she went up, and the other servant also; the prisoner opened her box, gave me 15s., and siad it belonged to a boy- I said, "You have more, have not you? it is of no use, I must see what you have;" she then put her hand to the bottom of the box, and pulled out a bag; I said, "What is that?" she said, "The bag is mistress', but the money is mine;" I asked how much there was - she said 4l.; I counted it, and there were 5l. - I took her down to her mistress, and asked her what was in it; she said 5l., and said, "How could you rob a widwo like me;" she cried, and begged forgiveness - I said, "You had better pay her wages, and let her go;" I attended to the summons with Mrs. Hunt - I saw the prisoner close to the office as I went there, and when she saw us she went away: Mrs. Hunt waited two hours, but she did not appear - Hunt stated the circumstance, and the Magistrate issued a warrant.
COURT. Q. Did Mrs. Hunt say any thing to her about more money? A. Yes, she said, "Have you not got more money belonging to me?" she said, "No, I have only got 16s.; you have got all belonging to you, (meaning the 5l.) and this is mine."


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. -When the summons was heard the Magistrate directed me to take the prisoner - I received the bag and money from Lealter.


                  LEAH 
                  HUNT
               



            . This is my bag - the 5l. is in it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
