



2295. 




SARAH SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of August, 1 watch, value 15s.; 2 seals, value 5s.; and 1 watch-chain, value 6s.; the goods of 



John Cornish, from his person.






JOHN CORNISH
. I am a warehouseman to Mr. Richardson, who keeps a wholesale warehouse in Freeman's-court, Cornhill. On the 24th of August I saw the prisoner in a public-house in Brick-lane, Spitalfields, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon—I left the house, and in my road home went into another house, and she followed me in—I called for a pint of porter and a small quantity of spirits, and changed half a crown to pay for it—believe she drank part of it—I then fell asleep—I had my watch and seals all safe when I went into the public-house—I slept about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes—the landlady awoke me, and I found my watch

was gone—I gave notice to the policeman, and the prisoner was apprehended—(looking at the watch)—this is my property.

Prisoner. I was so very tipsy I know nothing of it.





GEORGE TRUE
. I am a policeman. I was going up Brick-lane on the 24th of August, and met the prosecutor—I went to the house where he had been drinking—the landlady described the prisoner to me, and I found her in a public-house about an hour after—she denied the charge—I found 14s. in silver on her, and afterwards found the watch in pawn.





ANN GARTON
. I am landlady of the house. The prosecutor and prisoner came in on Thursday afternoon, and called for a pint of porter—I went into the tap-room, and the woman called for a quartern of gin—the prosecutor gave me half a crown to pay for it—I noticed his watch-chain hanging out at the time—the prisoner went out three times, and the time I looked after her, and then went into the tap-room—the prosecutor was asleep—I shook him, and said, "Do you know any thing of the woman who was with you?"—he was so stupid 1 could make nothing of him—I came out, and saw the prisoner going along, and sent my girl after her—I went in again, and awoke the prosecutor, and he missed his watch and money—he went out and got a policeman—the prisoner was afterwards brought to me—I said, "She is the woman who was with him when he lost his watch "—there was nobody in the tap-room but her.





SAMUEL PENNY
. I am a pawnbroker in Whitechapel-road. This watch was pawned on the 24th of August, by a woman—I believe the prisoner to be the person.




GUILTY, Aged 44.—Recommended to mercy.
—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Baron Bolland.

