





919. 
               
                  
                     LOUISA 
                     PITFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of April
, 43 sovereigns, and 13 half-sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Allingham
                        




                     
                  , her master, in his dwelling-house
            .
GEORGE ALLINGHAM. I am a licensed victualler
, and live at No. 54, East-street, in the parish of St. Marylebone


, it is my dwelling-house. I have known the prisoner ever since she was born; her parents live with me; she had been my servant
 for some time - I had missed money occasionally; and on the 27th of April, in the morning, I put fourteen sovereigns, and £9 odd, in silver, into a drawer in the bar, in which there was no other money; I then went into the cellar after having locked the drawer - I came up in about half an hour, and found the drawer unlocked; I locked it and went into the cellar again - I returned again in about half a hour, and again found it unlocked - I locked it again; the prisoner was sitting opposite to it at that time - I then went away, and when I returned again, I missed seven sovereigns and a half - I got an officer who searched the bar-maid, but found nothing on her; he then searched the prisoner, and found the seven sovereigns and a half on her, and a key which locked and unlocked that drawer; he then searched further, in a little sort of box, belonging to the prisoner, containing two little drawers, he found in one of them twenty sovereigns in a small bit of newspaper, and in the other twenty-two sovereigns; he took possession of them, and the prisoner was taken to the office - she acknowledged she had taken the money from me, and said she was very sorry - I had been missing money for three or four months, and on my oath, I believe I had lost all this.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for and found seven sovereigns and a half on the prisoner, and three keys - I had asked her if she had any money about her, and she said no - I said there was 7l. 10s. gone, and it could not go without hands; I then said "Have you any boxes?" she said "yes" - I followed her up stairs, and saw her putting her hand to her pocket; I took her hand, and found in it the seven sovereigns and a half, and the keys - I found forty-two sovereigns in the box - she said she had taken the money and deserved the greatest punishment, for her master had been a good master to her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
