



1735. 




WILLIAM WARNER



 is indicted for stealing, on the 
17th of May, 1 cow, value 8l., the property of 



Henry Holton.






HENRY HOLTON
. I live at Watton, near Croydon—I keep two cows and a horse and cart. I milked my cow at six o'clock on Wednesday night, the 15th of May, in Watton Chase, and left her there—it is not fenced in—in the morning, when I went to milk her, she was gone—I saw her again, on the Wednesday following, at the Ram, in Smithfield, in care of the officer—the prisoner lived about four miles from me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where is Watton Chase? A. In Buckinghamshire, not at Croydon—it is fifty-four miles from London—I have not seen the prisoner for a dozen years—his father lives about four miles from me, but whether he lives with him I do not know—some part of the Chase was open, and some not—it is a large place—I never said that I suspected any body but the prisoner, or that I had a dream about it—I am certain the cow I saw was the same I lost—I had not sold it to any body—I have three acres of land—I do not know How far the Chase is from Hemel Hempstead—I have never been in any trouble, nor ever charged with any thing—I do not know that I ever was—I did have a bit of hay once—I picked it up by the side of the road, and was charged with stealing it—I have a sun—I never said I suspected him of having stolen

the cow—I never suspected any body—I never told the prisoner's brother-in-law that I had had a dream about this.





JOHN FISHER
. I am a City-policeman. I was in Smithfield market on Friday, the 17th of May, at seven o'clock in the morning, and saw the prisoner about eight o'clock with a cow—I asked him if it was for sale—he said he had not the selling of it—I asked who had—he said it belonged to a kinsman of his, and that he was gone to Piccadilly with two more—I left him a short time, and then saw him offer the cow for sale—I said, "You are offering it for sale before your kinsman comes back"—he said, "Yes, I was to offer it for sale, if he did not come back soon"—I afterwards saw him sell it, and said, "Now you have sold the cow"—he said, "Yes, I suppose you think I have stolen it"—I said "Yes, and you must go with me to the station-house unless you can find somebody you know"—he said he knew a hundred people in the market—I went round with him, and found only one person who knew him—he was much such another man as himself—he could give me no satisfaction—I took him to the station-house, and took the cow to the Ram—it was shown to the prosecutor afterwards, and he claimed it.

Cross-examined. Q. Was he standing in the ordinary way with the cow for sale? A. Yes—I found the prosecutor about a week after—I was not present when the cow was shown to him.





JOHN SHORT
. I live at Sinkleborough, in Bucks. I know the prisoner—he was formerly a labourer—his father lived at Winslow, and does now, I believe—Watton Chase is about six miles on this side Buckinghamshire—Hemel Hempstead is about thirty-two miles from there and is in Hertfordshire.





JAMES BATES
. I am a City police-sergeant. I assisted in taking the cow to the Ram—I afterwards went to the station-house, and asked the prisoner How he came possessed of it—he said he purchased it that morning before nine o'clock at Hemel Hempstead for 5l. 10s.—I asked what he was—he said, "A pig jobber," and went about the country—I asked where he slept the night previous—he would give me no satisfactory account, and I locked him up—I was afterwards present when Mr. Holton saw the cow that was taken from the prisoner—Fisher delivered it up to him afterwards.





HENRY HOLTON
. re-examined. Fisher delivered the cow to me on the Wednesday—she was worth 10l. to me—I do not know what she would fetch.

Prisoner. I did not say it belonged to a kinsman, but that a kinsman had bid me money for it.




GUILTY
. Aged 42.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
