





1510. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     MALLETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of June
, 1 cream-jug, value 5s., and 1 decanter, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Bull
                  




               
            .
MARY BULL. I am a widow
, and keep the Grey Hound, Smithfield




. On the 29th of June the prisoner came to my house with a gentleman, and had something to drink - when she was gone these articles were missed from the bar; I did not miss them till next morning - they had been two or three hours in the house, and some other persons were with them part of the time - they left about one o'clock.

Cross-examined by MR. STURGEON. Q.What do you know the articles by? A. I have no mark, but they are like mine, and I believe them to be mine: the persons in the house seemed companions - I should think they staid two hours; they were not bad characters - there were two other females there; the prisoner and the gentleman came into the bar - the gentleman was intoxicated; I cannot say whether the prisoner was so- they had a good deal to drink, and there was a dispute about the reckoning.
HENRY KEMPSTER. I am a Policeman. I found the prisoner in a lodging-house in West-street, Saffron-hill - there were two men and a female there; I said she was accused of robbing a man of 6l. - I found a sovereign in her hand; this decanter and cream-jug were found on her person - it was at four o'clock in the morning.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. We were drinking there from ten to two o'clock; the man who was with me gave me these things - we went to West-street, and there the gentleman said I had robbed him; I would have the Policeman called in.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
