





719. 
               
                  
                     LEWIS 
                     LYONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of March
, 21 lbs. of cheese, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Andrews
               




            .
MARY ANDREWS. I am a widow
; I live in the Borough and keep town carts
. On the 3rd of March I had a load of cheese loaded at the Steel-yard, Thames-street, to go to Aldgate - my foreman loaded it; I was not present - an officer afterwards gave me information; I saw the cheese produced when the prisoner was in custody; he was a stranger to me.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAM
               



             MORGAN. I am a constable. On the 3rd of March, about six o'clock in the evening, I saw a waggon standing in the middle of the road, opposite Aldgate church; the prisoner and four or five others were standing about the pavement, opposite the waggon- I passed them, went on a few yards, and saw one of them go behind the waggon, take something out, and give it to the prisoner, who was towards Church-court, and I caught hold of him; the others ran away - I found this cheese on the prisoner; he said, "Let me go; I did not take it."


                  JAMES 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I drive Mrs. Andrews' waggon - I left the waggon, but was never out of sight; I saw a cheese had been shifted, and stopped to see if I could see any body about - I was going to get into the waggon when the officer called to ask if I had lost any thing; he had the prisoner in custody, with the cheese - I am sure it is one of those cheeses I had in my waggon, as it was marked No. 5, in a diamond.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming along; a man stopped me, and asked me to be so kind as to hold thecheese while he laced his boots - I held it for him about three minutes, when the officer took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
