





145. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     HARDY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of October
, 1 coat, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Haggatt
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAGGATT
               



            . I live in Prince's-street, Wapping, and am a coal-merchant
. On the 27th of October, between two and three o'clock, I was in George-yard, Whitechapel


; I had some coals to deliver there - I left my coat in the head of my waggon; I saw the prisoner running away with it - I pursued, but he got out of sight- I informed a Police-officer, and saw him in custody on the 5th of November; I know he is the person.
Prisoner. Q. What do you know me by? A. By seeing you many times before in Whitechapel and Georgeyard.


                  ISABELLA 
                  LUCK
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  John 
                  Harris
               



             - we live in Bell-lane. On the 27th of October I was at the top of George-yard, and saw a boy take the coat out of the head of the waggon, and give it to the prisoner, who put it under his arm, and ran down George-yard - he got away; I knew him by sight before.
Prisoner. Q. What do you know me by? A. I have seen you in George-yard and Wentworth-street, in a black coat, grey trousers, and a cap.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



             (Police-constable H 91.) I received information, and took the prisoner, from Haggatt's description, in George-yard; I had been in search of him for a week - he strictly denied it - he said a small boy took it; I said,"Yes, a small boy took it, gave it to you, and you run away with it;" the Magistrate thought there was not sufficient evidence to commit the other boy.
Prisoner's Defence. I was standing outside the door on the 4th of November, and the officer took me - I said,"I know nothing about the coat."


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



            . He said he understood a small boy took it from the waggon - I had seen the prisoner in a black coat, grey trousers, and a cap, as the little girl has described; but I afterwards saw another boy with the prisoner's coat on, and the prisoner had a flannel jacket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
