



1039. 




MARIE SMITH, alias
 Caroline Bernard

, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of December, at 
St. James, Westminster, 2 brooches, value 6l.; and 2 buckles, value, 1l.,; the goods of 



William Saul Else, in his dwelling-house; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM SAUL ELSE
. I live in Burlington-arcade, in the parish of St. James, Westminster—it is my dwelling-house—my house adjoins the shop—it is all one house—about the 22nd of December, the prisoner came to my shop and asked to look at some brooches—I have no doubt it was the prisoner—I remember her face quite well—it was in the afternoon—I do not remember the exact hour—I showed her a great variety of brooches, and afterwards some buckles—after she had examined the brooches she said there was none that would suit her—she required two alike—I had none according to the description she wished, and promised to get her some—she desired me to do so, and to send them, giving me the address of Mrs. Brownbrig, or Brownbrig, No. 1, Clarence-terrace, Regent's-park—I sent the brooches there that evening—there was no such person there—they were

brought back by my son—I did not miss any articles immediately—I do not recollect that I had seen the prisoner before, or since that, at my shop—only my son and me serve—on the 18th of March I heard something, and went to Vine-street police-station—I saw two brooches there which are my property, and two buckles which I have every reason to believe are mine but I cannot positively swear to them—the value of the brooches is 6l.—they cost me that—they are separate—I am sure I never sold either of then—I cannot tell when they left my shop.





ARTHUR THOMAS ELSE
. I took some brooches from my father's, on the 22nd, to Mrs. Brownrigg, of Cornwall-terrace, Regent's-park. I forget the number—I am not certain that I went to Corn wall-terrace, but I am certain I went to the address the prisoner gave my father—I was not then when she gave the address—I went where my father told me.





JOHN JARVIS
 (police-sergeant C 13.) I went to No. 32, Great Portland-street, on Monday, the 20th of March, and found these brooches there, in a small box, on a table in the second floor front room. I brought them to the station, and they were identified by the prosecutor—I did not see the prisoner there—I saw a servant and a child.

Prisoner, I never left any thing on the table. I had a great many brooches—even in the station-house they took some brooches that were given to me ten years ago, and they swore to them.





WILLIAM SAUL ELSE

re-examined. I am sure that these two were shown to the prisoner on the 22nd of December—they were in the tray that I showed her.





ELIZABETH MURTON
. I live at No. 62, Great Portland-street. The prisoner had my second floor—she took it on the 19th of November, and continued there five months—she was there up to the 20th of March—she if married, to the best of my knowledge—her husband was not living with her—no one had access to this room but her servant.





ARTHUR THOMAS ELSE

re-examined. I never served the prisoner with any thing—all the articles were served by my father.
(The prisoner put in a written paper, slating that if she had been in her senses, she should not have been in her present situation, and imploring mercy, but did not account for the property.)





JOHN COLLISON
 (police-constable L 12.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Lainson, the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey—she is the person described in it—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Life.
