





489. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     OLIVER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of November
, 1 bedstead, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Ridge
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  RIDGE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Ridge
               



             - we live in Cumberland-street, Middlesex-hospital


. On the 29th of November, between five and six o'clock in the evening, I lost a bedstead; I had seen it safe half an hour before - they left one leg behind, and the broker had one made.


                  JOHN 
                  PARROTT
               



            . I am a broker, and live in Queen-street, Seven-dials. On the evening of the 29th of November, the prisoner came to my shop with another young man, who carried a bedstead; the prisoner said he had a bedstead for sale, and asked if I would buy it - he asked 3s. 6d. for it; I offered him 3s. - he went away, came back again, and said if I would stand a quartern of gin I should have it for 3s. - I gave him the 3s.; we all three then went to a public-house, and had the gin - the prisoner afterwards came with an iron pot; I gave him into custody - he said his father bought the bedstead for him six months before; it wanted a leg - I did not know him before.


                  CHARLES 
                  PARROTT
               



            . I live with my father. I remember the prisoner bringing this bedstead.


                  THOMAS 
                  MADAM
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the broker in my life till last Saturday month, when he gave me into custody.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18 - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
