





1182. 




WILLIAM MOODY
 and 




MARY MOREY
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
2nd of April, 1 shift, value 3s.; 6 pictures framed and glazed, value 2s.; 2 shirts, value 8s.; 1 counterpane, value 8s.; 8 petti-coats, value 5s. 6d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 2s.; 2 pillow-cases, value 2s.; 1 bolster-case, value 2s.; and 1 nightcap, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



Aaron Ensor.






ELLEN ENSOR
. I am the wife of Aaron Ensor, and live in Strutton-ground, Westminster. On the 1st of April the prisoners took my two-pair front room, at 4s. 6d. a week, as man and wife—they took possession that evening, and next day, about four o'clock, they left without notice—they had locked the door, and taken the key—I went in, and missed the articles stated—the apparel was wet linen, which hung in the adjoining room, which was locked—I found the lock forced—they were apprehended next day.





BENJAMIN RICHARD MURRAY
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Union-street, Borough. I have a petticoat which was pawned by a female, on the 2nd of April—here is the duplicate I gave for it.





MARK NOBLE
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoners into custody—the male prisoner gave me seven duplicates, four of which relate to the stolen property—I have a shift and six pictures, which I found at a house in Duke-court, Borough, where they had taken a lodging—I found the female prisoner there.





PETER HENRY PIDGEON
. I am servant to Mr. Powell, a pawnbroker. I have a shirt which was pawned by the male prisoner.





SAMUEL SMITH
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a shirt and counterpane—the female prisoner pawned the counterpane—I do not know about the shirt.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Moody's Defence. I went out at twelve o'clock, and had nothing in my hand—I came in again, and went out at two o'clock—the witness says I left at four o'clock—I never saw the room myself.

Morey's Defence. Distress was the cause of it—he was out of employment—it was my fault, and not his.

MOODY—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.

MOREY—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.




Transported for Seven Years.
