







841. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SHERMAN
               




            , 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SHERMAN
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     LOUISA 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of March
, 12 yards of silk waistcoating, value 5l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Wild
               




             and another.


                  JAMES 
                  WILD
               



             GABRIEL. I am apprentice to Mr. James Wild and another, of Marylebone-street


, woollen-drapers
 and men's mercers
. On the 1st of March the three prisoners and another man came into the shop, about four o'clock- the person not in custody asked to see some silk waistcoating; I showed him our pattern-book, but he said he must see them in pieces, he could not tell from the patterns - I got down several pieces of silk, and showed them to them all four - when they had looked at them, one of the prisoners asked me if I had not a silk like the one which John Sherman had on - I showed them the nearest we had to it; the person not in custody picked out two, and asked me to give him patterns of them, and deposited a shilling, saying he would send his lady - and then they all left the shop; as soon as they were gone Mr. Wild told me to look over the silks, which I did, and missed five yards of waistcoating of the pattern I have in my hand - three of us immediately went out in pursuit of the prisoners, but could not find them; I returned home, and missed another piece of seven yards and a half - the value of the first was 1l. 18s. 9d., and the other 3l. 7s. 6d. - I have seen them both since.
JOSHUA CLEMENTS. I am warehouseman to Mr. Wild. I saw the three prisoners and a man not in custody come to the shop - the last witness showed them some silks, as I was engaged; they went out together, and in consequence of what I afterwards heard, I went in search of them - I went into several streets, and at last I saw the two female prisoners at the end of Poland-street - they crossed into Oxford-street; I passed them, and while I was considering the best means of taking them, they saw me stop - they ran into a public-house, and went through the house: I went in and asked the landlord if there was any way out at the back - he said No; I sent for an officer, who came and found these two pieces of silk in the privy - they are my master's.
JOHN HARDY (Police-constable C 149) I was sent for to the public-house - I went to the privy, and found the two females there; I desired them to come out, which, after a little while, they did - I searched the privy, and found these two pieces of silk on the soil.
JOSHUA FREDERICK CLEMENTS. I am an inspector of the Police. John Sherman came to the station to see the females, and I took him.


                  John 
                  Sherman
               



            's Defence. The Policeman came and told me my wife was in custody with another female, for stealing some silk; and is it likely I should have gone to see them if I had known any thing of it?
Mary Sherman's Defence. I am the wife of this prisoner - I was married to him in St. Luke's church, and the certificate can be obtained there; I met Turner in Oxford-street - she asked me to go with her a little way; she was taken ill, and we went into this house - while we were there there came a knock at the door; we opened it, and the Policeman was there, with the prosecutor - he said he should not have suspected us if we had not gone in there; my husband was not in company with me the whole day.
JAMES WILD GABRIEL. I am quite sure these are the persons who came to the shop, and that 
               
                  John 
                  Sherman
               



             was with them.
J. SHERMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
M. SHERMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
TURNER - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 34.






               Transported for Seven Years
            . - (See page 350.)
