






1371. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     EDWARDS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of June
, 1 pocket-book, value 6d.; 1 half-sovereign; 4 half-crowns; 7 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Catchpool
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JAMES CATCHPOOL. I am a compositor
, and work at Mr. Lewis', Finch-lane, Cornhill. On the 30th of June, I called in at the George and Dragon, in Hackney-road, about ten o'clock in the evening; I had a glass of sherry at the bar - while I was there, Edwards came in and asked if I would treat her with a glass of anything to drink, and on her renewing her application, I said she should have a glass of anything she liked; she had a glass of rum and shrub, and I paid for that and my sherry and came out, but I had not got more than twenty yards, when she came running after me, and asked if I was going home, I said, "Yes;" she then put her hand round my waist; I said, "You are going to rob me;" she said, "No I am not, upon my soul;" I said,"Go away; if you follow me I will give you in charge of the first policeman I meet;" I went on, she still followed me; I told her if she dared to follow me, I would give her in charge; she took no notice, but still followed me, and I struck her; I then met a friend of mine and told him of it - she then went away, and I went with my friend to another wine vaults and had a glass of sherry; while we were there, the two prisoners came in and Williams came up to me and said, "I don't think she meant to rob you;" I said, "She has not, and if she follows me I will give her in charge;" Williams then said,"I have not offended you, give me a glass;" I said I would not, but my friend said, "You had better give her a glass and have nothing more to do with her;" I then gave her a glass - Edwards then went away - I came out, Williams came after me, and asked me to give her a sixpence to get some gin; I gave her one and bade her good night; but as I was going down the street, she came after me again and said, "Give me another sixpence before I go;" she then put her arms round my waist, and I missed my money from my pocket; I then put my hand to my pocket and missed my pocket book - I said, "You have robbed me;" she said, "I have not, I have nothing but this sixpence;" the policeman was coming by, and I gave her in charge; she was taken to the watch-house - she still denied having anything, but when she was going to be searched, she said, she had 6s. or 7s.; I had lost a half-sovereign, which was in a small bit of paper, and four half-crowns and some silver, which I had taken in change of a sovereign; my money wasfound on her almost to a penny - Edwards was gone away at the time I was robbed.
Williams. Q. What time might it be when you saw me? Witness. A. I suppose about a quarter before twelve o'clock - I did not go to any public-house with you; I did not give you a sixpence to go and get some gin - you did not say you could not get it for that,
COURT. Q. You swear she said she had no money but sixpence? A. Yes, she did.


                  FERDINAND 
                  McKEE
               



             (police-sergeant H 4). I took the prisoner Williams - the prosecutor said he had been robbed of 18s. or 19s. in silver, and a half-sovereign in a bit of paper in his pocket-book; I took the prisoner to the station-house and found the money in her pocket; the pocket-book has not been found, but it was seen near the spot; the prosecutor had been drinking but was sober; Williams denied having any money but the sixpence; it was about a quarter past one o'clock on Sunday morning, the 30th of June.
Williams Q. Did I not tell you I had 14s. or 15s.? Witness. A. No, you denied having anything but the sixpence; but when you got to the station-house you said you had 7s. or 8s.; I did not hear you and the prosecutor talking about gin - I did not hear him speak of losing a crown piece.
Williams Defence. I was going home and met a gentleman who I had a child by - he gave me a sovereign; I then met a person about eleven o'clock, who had been very good to me when I had the cholera; I went to her place and treated her, and we had some rum and porter - I left her place about a quarter before one o'clock; I then met the prosecutor, he put his arm round my waist and asked me to go and have something to drink - we went to a public-house door, and he gave me sixpence and said, "Fetch half a pint of gin;" I said, "They will charge more for it at this late hour;" he then said he had no more money and he thought I had robbed him; but if I had robbed him of the silver, I should have had the pocket-book and the half-sovereign about me.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
EDWARDS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
