






1607. 
               
                  
                     HECTOR 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of September
, 2 candlesticks, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Chandler
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . On the 25th of September, I saw Thomas near Edward Chandler's shop, and Morris was waiting about the corner of John-street, Wilderness-row - Thomas had another boy with him, who is not in custody - I saw Thomas go into the shop, and come out again with these candlesticks, which he gave to Morris, who wrapped them up in his apron.


                  CHARLES 
                  HALL
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Edward Chandler. I was undoing the bolt of the shutter at a quarter before seven o'clock in the morning, on the 25th of September - I then turned my back to go into the other room, and Thomas came in and took the pair of candlesticks - there was another boy with him, who is not in custody - Thomas gave them to Morris just by the corner of Wilderness-row - I followed them on till I was stopped by one of the company - I gave him a kick, and he let me go - I then told the policeman, and the prisoners were found that night - the candlesticks have not been found - I am sure the prisoners are the boys.


                  JOHN 
                  CONNOR
               



             (police-constable G 51). I took the prisoners - the property has not been found.
Thomas's Defence. I was at home at the time, and at work all day with my father - it was on Thursday morning, as I was told.
MORRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Confined Three Months
            .
THOMAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
