





751. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PRIOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of March
, I handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas John 
                           Culliford
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  JOHN CULLIFORD
               



            . I am a merchant
, and live in Furnival's Inn. On the 30th of March, about two o'clock, I was on Holborn-bridge, at the corner of Field-lane


; I felt a tug at my pocket, and missed my handkerchief, which I had used about half an hour before; I had not seen the prisoner near me; it was in my inside pocket, but my coat was unbuttoned - having lost many handkerchiefs on the same spot, I turned round quickly, and saw the prisoner drop it; he had one man and three women of the lowest description in his company; they endeavoured to rescue him when I had hold of him - they got between me and him, and shoved about; when I saw him drop the handkerchief I rushed on him and collared him- he clung to a post; I got him from there, and then he clung to a lamp-post; these people then got between us, but did not succeed in getting him from me - I took the handkerchief, and kept it till the officer came.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  COLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoner in charge, with the handkerchief.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was looking after a situation -I had not left a gentleman long who asked me to carry a parcel to Holborn-hill, and gave me 4 1/2d.; I walked on - the handkerchief laid at my feet; I picked it up - the gentleman seized me; I did not know what for.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
