



1263. 




GEORGE HAYNES
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
16th of March, 1 ewe, price 2l. the property of 



John Hilliard, clerk.—2nd COURT, for killing the same with intent to steal the carcase: and that he had been previously convicted of felony.






JOHN ASHLEY
. I am a labourer, in the employ of the Rev. John Hilliard. He had two sheep, a ewe, and a wether—I saw them safe at six o'clock on Saturday evening, the 16th of March, in the yard, as I was milking the cows, and when I turned the cows out they went into the orchard—I missed the ewe next morning, at six o'clock—I found the wether remaining with the cows in the orchard—I found the skin of the ewe in the adjoining meadow—it had Mr. Hilliard's initials on it—I in sure it was the skin of his ewe—the entrails were in the skin, and there were marks of blood where it had been killed.





FRANCIS WEEDON
. I am a constable. On Sunday, the 17th of March, I went to the prisoner's house, which is in Hillingdon parish, about a mile, or a mile and a half, from the prosecutor's—he was at home, and in bed—I called him up, and said I wanted to search his house for some property, which had been stolen the day before, belonging to Mr. Hemming—he said we might break the door open, he would not open it—I broke it open, and in my search found a quantity of mutton cut into pieces, in a pan in the bed-room, part of it salted down, and part not salted—it all appeared very fresh, and very recently cut—there was 33lbs.—it had been mangled to pieces, very badly indeed, not at all cut as a butcher would do it—I found a little more, which had been cooked, and three or four lbs. of fat, which had been melted down, and run into a pan—I had not heard that any sheep bad been stolen then—I took the mutton in my charge, took the prisoner into custody, and next morning made inquiry in the neighbourhood—on the Monday morning, as we were going before the Magistrate, I beard of Mr. Hilliard's loss—we went to his house, saw the skin, compared the mutton with it, and it corresponded—part of the join and tail was left on the skin, and that corresponded exactly—I am certain the mutton belonged to that skin—I asked the prisoner, when I took him, where he, got the mutton—he refused to say, but he afterwards said he had bought it, or something.





ROBERT JARVIS
. I am a constable. I went with Weedon to Mr. HilFard's house, and compared the mutton with the sheep's skin—I have not the least doubt that the mutton belonged to the skin—part of the loin and tail adhered to the skin, and that tallied with the mutton.





JOHN HIRONS
. I am a butcher. I saw the skin in the Justice-room on Monday, the 18th of March, and compared some mutton with it in the presence of Weedon and Jarvis—I could swear it had not been killed by a butcher—I matched the two loins with the skin—the fat of the close loin was torn off the back, and left on the skin—it corresponded exactly with what was left on the skin—I am sure that mutton had belonged to that skin.





FRANCIS WEEDON

re-examined. The mutton and skin compared by

Hirons was the mutton I got at the prisoner's, and the skin from the prosecutor's.

Prisoner's Defence. When Mr. Jarvis took me, coming along I told him how I came by the mutton, who was with me, and every thing—I think it very hard, I am here alone by myself, one man killed it, and he is not taken—I told them where to find the other person—four sheep have been lost since Christmas—it was impossible for me, my wife, and two children to eat them alone—six were taken last winter—I told Jarvis who the parties were—I think they are worse than I am.





RICHARD CROCKET
. I am a labourer. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—I know the prisoner to be the person—I was a witness—it was my mare he stole.




GUILTY
. Aged 44.—


Transported for Life.
(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)

Second Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

