





964. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of January
, 11 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Meredith
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
JOHN MEREDITH. The prisoner was my servant
. On the 2nd of January my wife sent him with eleven sovereigns to my brother.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MEREDITH
               



            . The prisoner came and brought me eleven sovereigns in a paper parcel; I saw the parcel, but not the money - I told him to take it back and to tell my brother I was not going in the City to-day, and he had better pay it himself.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. Then he delivered you a parcel, which you suppose contained the money, and as far as that went, completed his errand? A. Yes; I did not take it out of his hand - I went before the Magistrate; I heard what the prisoner said - I think it was taken down in writing; I did not say I would save his neck, but would transport him for life - I might say he deserved transporation.


                  MARY 
                  ANN MEREDITH
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I put eleven sovereigns into a silk purse, tied that in a brown paper, and sent the prisoner to William Meredith - I told him to say I was very unwell, or I would have brought it myself; I never saw him again till I saw him in a green-grocer's shop, in East-street, on the 26th of March, and had him taken.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you go to his mother's? A. Yes; he had been there, but was out - I have never seen the money.
Prisoner. As I was returning I got into a crowd; my pocket was picked, and I was ashamed to return.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
