





2046. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FULLARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of October
, 56lbs. of bacon, value 25s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Molero
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  MOLERO
               



            . I live in George-street, Sloane-square


, and am a cheesemonger
. On the 29th of October this bacon hung by the door - I was told it was stolen; I had seen it two minutes before - I ran out, and took the prisoner with it, about two hundred yards from the shop; he threw himself down, and I gave him in charge.


                  JAMES 
                  WEST
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Treadaway. I was in the shop, and saw the prisoner with the bacon under his arm - I went over; he pitched it down, and affected to be drunk.


                  STEWART 
                  LACKEY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was on duty - I ran round Chelsea-market - the prosecutor called me; I went into a court, and took the prisoner, who was sitting on the step of a door with his head down, pretending to be drunk - the bacon stood against the wall that it should not be seen; it was between seven and eight o'clock at night - I said, "Come, stand up;" he put up his arms as if to fight - I said he must go quietly with me; he had an open knife, and the bacon had been cut.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A man came up, and asked me to carry this bacon to No. 5, Westminster, for 2s: this man came, and asked where I got it - I said it was all right; I was hired to carry it.


                  JAMES 
                  WEST
               



            . He said it was all right, but not that he was hired to carry it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
