




1907. 




MORRIS QUIN
 and 




THOMAS QUIN
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
12th of July, 1 box, value 3s.; 1 coat, value 15s.; 1 waistcoat, value 2s.; 1 jacket, value 4s.; 1 cap, value 1s.; 1 snuff-box, value 2s. 6d.; 1 apron, value 6d.; 1 stock, value 6d.; 1 pair of socks, value 3d.; 7 spoons, value 6d.; 1 cork screw, value 1s.; and I padlock, value 3d.; the goods of 



Richard Ealey.






RICHARD EALEY
. I live in Quebec-street, and am a waiter. I was employed by Mr. Bott, of the Archery tavern, Bayswater—I took a box there containing all these things—I saw it safe on the Thursday before the 12th

of July—I was taken ill, and know no further about it—all these are my things—(looking at them.)





RICHARD STEWART
. I am waiter at this place—I saw the box safe on the Thursday night at half-past twelve o'clock-when I came down next morning the window was broken and a bar broken to get the box out.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were there not two iron bars broken? A. No, they were wooden—they are about the thickness of my three fingers—I never swore there were two iron bars inside the window.

Q. Did you not say, "There are two iron bars inside the window, and in the morning I saw that one of them had been wrenched off?" A. I said there was one bar wrenched off-and when the depositions were read over to me, I said, "That is a mistake, they were wooden ban," and the clerk took the pen, and said, "That is easily altered."





WILLIAM WEBB
. I am night watchman to Mr. Bott. About four o'clock on this Friday morning I went in front of the house, and met the two prisoners with another in a corner at Mr. Bott's—the box and clothes were in the passage—it is a little narrow passage, four or five yards long—I said, "You have been thieving these things?"—Thomas Quin said, "No, we have not"—I took them.

Cross-examined. Q. This passage leads to a watering place, does it not? A. Yes—the box was on the ground, and the things all about.





CHARLES PAGE
. I was at work about four o'clock that morning. I saw Thomas Quin looking about the timber on Mr. Wyatt's premises, and watched him—he went into Mr. Bott's ground—I went and told the watchman—he went one way and I the other; and when he got into the passage, and caught these two boys, he sung out for me to assist him, which I did, and we called up Mr. Bott.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it not on the Archery-ground you saw Thomas Quin? A. Yes; when I saw him first he was on Mr. Wyatt's premises, alone, looking over the timber—after that he went to Mr. Bott's premises, that is the Archery-ground—he was alone then, and till I went and told the watchman—the watchman called me, and then I saw he had hold of two boys—I watched him about for five minutes before I called the watchman.
(Richard Hickman, a butler, of Duke-street, Manchester-square; Elizabeth Sidney, widow, Adam-street West, Portman-square; and John Mulpean, a porter, of Newman-street, Edgeware-road, gave the prisoner Thomas Quin a good character.

MORRIS QUIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

THOMAS QUIN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.




Transported for Seven Years.
