



506. 




ROBERT WAITER, alias
 Higgins

, was indicted

 for feloniously, and knowingly putting off I counterfeit shilling, he having been before convicted as a common utterer of counterfeit coin.

Hon, MR. SCARLET and MR. CHAMBERS conducted the Prosecution,





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant-solicitor to the Mint, I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Robert Waiter, for uttering counterfeit silver—he was convicted here in January, 1835—I have examined it with the original record—it is a true copy.





JAMES BEAZLEY
. I was present when waiter was tried here last January—the prisoner is the man—I was a witness in the case—he is the person mentioned in the record (copy of the record read.)





MAKIA HOMEGOLD
. I am shopwoman to Angelina Beauchamp, a tobacconist in Wellington-street, Strand On the 9th of January the prisoner came to the shop and asked for a quarter of an ounce of tobacco, and 1d. pipe, which came to 2d.—he offered half-a-crown in payment—I gave him 2s. 4d. change, and he went away—I put the half-crown in the till there was no other there—I showed it to a gentleman, and then went to a public-house, showed it to a young woman, who returned it to me after putting it in her mouth, and biting it—I brought it back to the shop—I had

a bad live-shilling-piece besides I wrapped them both in paper, and put them in one corner of the till, till Sunday night, when I gave the half-crown to the policeman—I am certain it is the same, as I always lock the till up at night, and open it in the morning, and I kept it separate form other money on the Sunday night the prisoner came again for a quarter of an ounce of tobacco, which was 1d.—I served him, and he put down 1s., which I took up, I thought it was bad, and gave it to my mistress behind the counter—I went out, as if for charge, and fetched the policeman—I noticed the prisoner the first time, as he had been before, and I knew him again—I gave him into custody to the policeman, and gave the policeman the half-crown at the shop when he came in, and the shilling I had just received—it never went out my hand.

Prisoner. Q. when I gave you the half-crown, did not you say a gentlemen standing before the fire said it was a bad one? A. Alter you were gone out he said, "Let me look at that half-crown"—I gave it to him, and he said it was bad—I am certain he returned me the same, for I never lost sight of it—my mother has shown it in my presence—I am never out of the shop.





WILLIAM SIMMONDS
. I am a policeman. I was called in on Wednesday evening to take the prisoner into custody—I searched him, and found on him tow half-crown-pieces, and two good sixpences—Homegold gave me the half-crown and shilling which I produce.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the mint, and have been so for many years. this half-crown and shilling are both counterfeit—they are made of Britannia metal.

Prisoner to MARY HOMEGOLD. Q. On Sunday evening did you not state you gave the shilling to your mistress, and said something to her in French, and she returned the shilling? A. She said before the policeman, when she bit it, it that was bad—I never lost sight of it—she said she could tell by the sound of the money whether it was good or bad.

MR. FIELD re-examined, The Britannia metal has a knell.

Prisoner's Defence, I did not know the shilling was bad.




GUILTY
, Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
