





2045. 
               
                  
                     ALFRED 
                     CHAMBERLAIN
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, 2 caps, value 7s.; 10 yards of ribbon, value 18d.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 6s., and 1 sheet, value 18d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William Benn 
                     Gale
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCES 
                  GALE
               



            . I am the wife of William Benn Gale, and live at No. 10, York-row


, next door to Neal. I was absent at Stepney, nursing my daughter, and when I returned I missed this property; I had left the latter end of June, and returned the latter end of July - I had left my second daughter in care of the property; the prisoner did not lodge at my house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GALE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son, and am thirteen years old. The prisoner was often at our house while my mother was away.


                  GEORGE 
                  ARNOLD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a sheet, which was pawned on the 17th of July, by the prisoner, in his own name.



                  WILLIAM 
                  GILLET
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoner, but found none of Mr. Gale's property.
MRS. GALE. This is our sheet, and has my own work in it; I left it on the floor in a bundle with another one -I found one left, and the other gone; I lost some caps, ribbons, and handkerchiefs - I have recovered nothing but the sheet; the prisoner was never at my house to my knowledge.
Prisoner. The few things I stole, they made out a bill of, and have received the money for them.
MRS. GALE. In consequence of the trouble his wife was in, she asked me to make out a bill, which I did, but the money that was paid, was 9d. off 1s., which he had borrowed of my little boy; his wife and Mrs. Neal asked me to make out the bill.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years longer
            .
