





1824. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BURTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of July
, 1 pocket-book, value 10d.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s., and 1 glove, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John David 
                           Barnes
                        



                     
                  , and 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Cross
               



            ; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVID BARNES
               



            . I lived in Church-street, Marylebone. I went to a skittle-ground in Bridge-row, Bishopsfields


, on the 7th of July; the prisoner was setting up the skittles - I took off my coat, and hung it on the rails, and on going to it missed my pocket-book, handkerchief, and gloves; I went and took him - he said he had got them, and gave them to me.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. What time did you go there? A. About twelve o'clock; I missed the property about half-past four - there were five or six people there; there was a bustle there, but my coat was not thrown about - I found it where I hung it; the property could not fall out - the prisoner had left the ground, and as a man lost his handkerchief, I looked and missed my things, and went after him; I was sober.


                  JOHN 
                  CROSS
               



            . I was in the skittle-ground. My handkerchief was taken from my hat, on the bench; Barnes stopped the prisoner in a garden, and my handkerchief was found at his feet.
Cross-examined. Q. Where is the garden? A. About twenty yards from the skittle-ground; we were not tipsy- the prisoner offered to fight me; I did not see any other scuffling - my handkerchief was safe after the scuffle; my coat was thrown about.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COWLE
               



            . I am a serjeant of the Police. The prisoner was given into my custody, with the property.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I picked the property up underthe form; I did not know whose it was - I kept it till it was called for.


                  MICHAEL 
                  CANNON
               



            . I am a shoemaker. I was passing the skittle-ground, and heard a scuffle - I went in, and took up a coat and hat, which I put on a beer-cask; there was a quarrel among the prisoner and others - Barnes was intoxicated, and was scuffling; clothes and hats laid about in all directions - there might be fifteen or twenty people there, and a great disturbance.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COWLE
               



            . Barnes was not tipsy at all - I saw him about five o'clock.


                  THOMAS 
                  DERBRIDGE
               



            . I am a stone-mason, and live at No. 132. Edgware-road. I have known the prisoner six or seven years - he always bore a very good character; I have had him in my employ - he always bore the character of an honest boy.
Q.Did you not know he was convicted here in January last? A. I certainly did.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DILLON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 6th of January I saw the prisoner tried here; I have a certificate of his conviction - (read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
The witness Derbridge was committed.
