





1002. 
               
                  
                     LEWIS 
                     HENRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of March
, 1 gun, value 2l. 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Groom
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  CHARLES GROOM
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Groom
               



            , a gun-maker
, of Lemon-street, Whitechapel


. On the 3rd of March the prisoner came to the shop; my brother went out with him to take this gun.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMAS GROOM
               



            . I was in the shop; the prisoner came in, and said he wanted to purchase a gun for a gentleman; my brother looked out two - he said if I would go with him to the gentleman in Drury-lane, he would choose one, and send back the money by me; I went with him, and in Fenchurch-street he said; very likely the gentleman might he at his father's livery stables; he took me to Underwood's stables, in Duke's-place - he took one gun off my shoulder, and went in with it, saying, if the gentlemen liked it he would bring me out the money - I waited ten minutes, and then found he had gone through the stable, and out of another door in Mitre-street.
Prisoner. Q. Was not that gun fairly bought? A. No - he was a stranger to me; he came to the shop alone- he was not trusted with it, but was to bring me back the money or this gun.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SHERWOOD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in the London-road. On the 3rd of March, about eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner pawned the gun.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I considered it was fairly bought- it was to be paid for by concussion caps; I returned to the gate in ten minutes, and he was gone - I had only been to Mitre-street, where my mother lives; the officer said I should not be prosecuted if I told where the gun was; and the father said he would forego proceedings if I got it back.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
