



247. 





NATHANIEL JAMES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of November, at 
St. George's, Middlesex, in the dwelling-house of 



Lazarus Samuel, 1 watch, value 35s.; 1 chain, value 3d.; 1 watch key, value 1s.; 5 sovereigns; 2 half-crowns; 5 shillings; and 3 pence in copper; his property.






LAZARUS SAMUEL
. I employed the prisoner as journeyman for about five months—he slept in my shop, adjoining my bed-room—on Monday morning the 23rd of November, about eight o'clock, I missed my watch chain, and key, five sovereigns, 10s. or 11s. in silver, and 3s. or 4d. in half-pence—I had placed the watch against a looking-glass on a table in my bed room when I went to bed—any body could have come in without my knowing it—when I awoke in the morning it was gone—It was worth 35s.—the sovereigns were in my trowser's pocket, which laid on a chair at the foot of the bed—I slept with my wife, and one child that night—I went to bed about half-past ten o'clock—I was in bed when I found it out about eight o'clock—my wife was in bed with me—I think I had fallen asleep before my wife came—the prisoner was in the room below by the side of the fire when I went up stairs—In the morning he was gone, and the property—I have a letter he sent me about twelve days after—I cannot tell the hand writing; in consequence of that I went into the street, and met the prisoner, and asked him what he did with the watch—he said he had pawned it—I asked what he had done with the money—he said he had lost in in gambling.

Prisoner. I did not say so. Witness. He told me so in the office, and before the Magistrate—on the second examination, he said he had nothing to say, but he said it at first.





JAMES WILSON
. I am journeyman to Robert walker, a pawnbroker, I took in this watch from the prisoner for 1l. 5s.





LAZARUS SAMUEL
. This is my property—my house is in Cable-street, St. George's, in the East.

Prisoner's Defence. On the 15th of November, I worked for him—he would not allow me two hours to go out—he gave me notice to leave on the week following—I came to work as usual, and left on Friday—I did not return till the Sunday—I got up at half=-past six o'clock, and found both the doors open—I put my things on, and left my box there, intending to fetch it when I got a a situation—two men stopped me in St. John-street, and asked me to pledge the watch for them—they gave me 5s.—I afterwards heard that the prosecutor had been robbed, and I sent that night to him.






DANIEL RICHARD HARKER
. I am a parish clerk. I know the parish of St. George's Middlesex—It is sometimes called St. George's in the East, but is always published as St. George's, Middlesex, in the Bills of Mortality.




GUILTY. Aged 24.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.



Transported for Life.

Fifth jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
