






453. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DIVINE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     NATHAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Davis
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN DAVIS. I live in Isabella-place, Camberwell-new-road - on the 18th of February I was on London-bridge


, between twelve and one o'clock - I felt a touch on my right coat pocket - I put my hand down, my handkerchief was safe, the prisoner Nathan passed by me and said, "I beg your pardon, Sir;" I passed on, and, on going down the steps, leading to Thames-street, I heard some one say,"That boy has picked your pocket, Sir!" - I missed my handkerchief, and went down the steps and caught Nathan at the foot - I accused him of having my handkerchief, and recognised him as being the boy who had spoken to me the bridge - I saw Mr. Ramsdale coming down the steps, with my handkerchief in one hand, and the other prisoner in the other - this is the handkerchief - it has my initials on it.


                  MATTHIAS 
                  RAMSDALE
               



            . On the 18th of February I was on London-bridge - I saw Nathan pass the prosecutor, and touch him as he has described - I then saw the two prisoners together, following the prosecutor, and, on the prosecutor turning to go down the steps to go to Thames-street, the two prisoners were close to him, and I saw this handkerchief pass between them, but I could not see who took it- I could not tell whether they both had hold of it, but they were close to each other, and so close to the prosecutor that I could not see who took it - I took hold of Divine by the collar - Nathan saw what I did, and he ran down the steps - I called to the prosecutor that he had been robbed, and told him the boy without a hat (meaning Nathan) had gone down the steps, and he seized him - the handkerchief fell between them when I took hold of Divine.


                  GEORGE 
                  GOUGE
               



             (City policeman, No. 11.) I took the prisoners, and have the handkerchief - I found no money on either of them.
Divine's Defence. I was coming over the bridge, and I saw a man on the steps with oranges - I went to buy one, and this gentleman called on the prosecutor, who brought up the other prisoner, and the gentleman took hold of me.
Nathan's Defence. I was going down the steps, and the prosecutor took hold of me, unbuttoned my coat, and asked if I had a handkerchief.(
               
                  Charles 
                  Bengelott
               



            , a waiter, gave the prisoner Divine a good character.)
DIVINE - GUILTY. Aged 14.
NATHAN - GUILTY. Aged 13.(


               Recommended to mercy by the Jury on account of their youth
            .) - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
