




2003. 




RICHARD DAVIS
 and 




WILLIAM SMITH
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Hunter, on the 
4th of August, at 
St. Mary, Lambeth, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 watch, value 1l. 10s.; 2 spoons, value 5s.; 1 locket, value 5s.; 2 brooches, value 5s.; and 1 twopenny-piece; his goods and monies.






MARY HUNTER
. I am the wife of John Hunter, and live at Herne-lodge, Herne-hill, Surrey. On the 4th of August I left the lodge between four and five o'clock to go up to the house, leaving the door and window secure—I returned in about half an hour, and saw the prisoner Smith going out of the lodge gate, and Davis getting out of the window which I had fastened—when they saw me they both ran away, one on the Norwood-road, and the other towards Camberwell—I called out, "Police, stop thief"—I saw Davis stopped—I never lost sight of him—he was given into the charge of a policeman—I went back to the lodge, and found the middle pane of the window broken, the catch unfastened, and the bottom sash thrown up—I missed awatch from a case on the mantel-shelf, and two spoons, two brooches, a locket, and a twopenny-piece, from a drawer—I afterwards saw them at the station-house—these are them—(looking at them)—they are my husband property.





JAMES BRISSENDEN
. I am a policeman. On the 4th of August, about five o'clock, I took charge of Davis, on Herne-hill, about 200 yards from the lodge—the other prisoner was in custody at the same time—I searched them both, and found two brooches and a locket in Smith's pocket, which I have brought here—Mrs. Hunter brought the watch to the station-house—I found a piece of brass on Davis—I went back, and found the two spoons within about two yards of where Smith was stopped.

MRS. HUNTER
re-examined. The watch was thrown away at the time they were stopped, and given to me by a person who is present, in less than two minutes after I saw Davis come out of the window.





THOMAS PICKETT
. I am coachman to Mrs. Lock, of Herne-hill. Be tween four and five o'clock on the 4th of August, I heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I saw two men running out of the lodge gate, and the prosecutrix after them—I went up and met Smith—I took him by the collar, and handed him over to the policeman—Davis ran the other way, and I did not see him taken—when Smith was passing the shrubbery I saw his arm go, but could not tell what he had thrown away—after the prosecutrix stated what she had lost, I took the policeman back with me, and found these two silver spoons in the direction I had seen his arm go.





SAMUEL LUFF
. I am a glazier. I was at work near the lodge on the 4th of August, between four and five o'clock, and heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I turned round, and saw a watch fall into the carriage-drive in front of the house—I picked it up and gave it to Mrs. Hunter—I ran out into the road as soon as I picked it up, and saw Davis in custody of a stranger.

Davis's Defence. I was coming from Dulwich. I saw a person running, I ran too, and was stopped—two or three more lads were running at the same time, but they did not offer to stop them.

Smith's Defence. I was coming from Norwood. I saw a person run fling something from his hand—I ran and picked these things up, and directly afterwards a person ran hallooing out "Stop thief" towards Camberwell, from Norwood.

DAVIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Fourteen Years.



Before Mr. Justice William.

