







401. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MUGFORD
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     KEY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOSIAH 
                     GODFREY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of January
, 1 sack, value 1s.; 4 bags, value 1s.; 1 peck of beans, value 2s.; 2 pecks of peas, value 5s.; and 1 gallon of hemp seed, value 1s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Child
                        




                     
                  , the master of the said 
                     
                        William 
                        Mugford
                     



                   and Joseph Key
            .
GEORGE CHILD. The prisoners, 
               
                  William 
                  Mugford
               



             and Joseph Key were in my service as warehousemen - I live at No. 119, Lower Thames-street


 - I do not know Godfrey at all - on Monday, the 27th of January, I was called down from my warehouse by two officers - I was in the warehouse with Mugford and Key at the time - the men gave me information, not in their presence, and I took two officers up into the warehouse - they charged the prisoners with being concerned in robbing us, with a man whom they had got in custody over the water - the officers asked the prisoners whether they were not, at a certain time in the morning, cleaning the windows, one inside and one out- they said they were cleaning the window - the officers said, "You are the two men we are come after," - and took them both into custody - they began to search them, and found one key. on Mugford, who said it was the key of his desk in the warehouse - they opened the desk, and searched him, and found a bag of plums - I am a seedsman - they found some other things of no importance - Mugford and Key denied the charge.
Cross-examined by MR. ARNOLD. Q. How long has Key been in your service? A. About six years - I had a very high opinion of him.


                  RICHARD 
                  BAYLIS
               



            . I am a constable of the metropolitan police (G 5) - I received information, and watched Godfrey from Peacock-street, Newington-butts, into the shop of Mr. Child, in Thames-street - he entered the shop, and went to the farther end, and stood behind a recess at the further and of the shop - Mugford put a small bag full of something into Godfrey's basket - Mugford then came to the door, and looked up and down the street - Key then went to Godfrey, and put something out of another bag into his basket - Key then left the shop, and went up Pudding-lane - he returned in about five minutes; then Mugford and Key both went to Godfrey, at the further end of the shop, and remained with him three or four minutes - Godfrey then left the shop, and went up Botolph-lane, into an orange shop - he then left it, and went over London-bridge, into a coffee-shop, near the Borough-market - he came out in a minute, and then went to the Black Horse, High-street, Borough - I passed by the door, and saw him put a bag into his basket - I called my brother officer, and took him into custody - I found in his basket about a gallon of hemp seed - I asked him where he got it from - he said he bought it in Tooley-street that morning - I asked him if he knew anything about any more hemp seed or sacks - he said no, he had seen no more that morning - I asked him what he gave for the hemp seed - he said 2s. - I said I was positive he had never been in Tooley-street that morning - he made no answer - I asked where he lived - he said at Chatham - I said I had watched him from his home that morning - I took him to the station-house; went to his premises, and found two sacks, marked "Child," and a quantity of seeds; this was the lodging I had seen him come from - we had seen the policeman on the beat call him up that morning - he was never in the room with me - when I told him I knew where he lived, he said his wife lived at Chatham, but he lodged in the parlour at No. 20, Peacock-street - that was the room we found the property in - it was nearly six o'clock in the morning that he started from that lodging - he had some oranges at the top of his basket, and nuts at the bottom.
Godfrey. Q. Did you not meet me at the door of the public-house, as I came with my basket? A. No; I asked whether he had any more seed.
Godfrey. I told him I had it from Thames-street, instead of Tooley-street.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Did you know Mugford before? A. I never saw him, to my knowledge; I followed Godfrey to the house, sometimes on one side of the way, and sometimes on the other - when I saw him go into Child's house, I stationed myself on the opposite side of the way, looking over a horse's back - the horse was between me and Child, but not the cart - it was about seven o'clock in the morning - it was a very dark wet morning - I saw Godfrey go into a recess at the further end of the shop - it is a long shop, and I saw Mugford put something into his basket - I am positive it was him - I swear he is the man who put the bag into the basket, because he came to the shop-door and looked into the street.
Q. How can you swear to the particular acts of any one man? A. By their heights and dress, and everything; I could see their dresses, because there were two candles and a lamp burning in the shop.
Cross-examined by MR. ARNOLD. Q. Had you ever seen Key before? A. Never - he was nearer the door than the recess - I was on the pavement on the other side of the street.


                  JAMES 
                  TILT
               



            . I am an officer belonging to Worship-street - I was with Baylis - I know the Black Horse public-house - I was with the witness before, and saw Godfrey go into Mr. Child's - he went along the shop into the recess on the left hand side - I could not see him when he stood there - Mugford and Key were both in the shop - Mugford went to him in the recess and put something into his basket; Key afterwards went and put some seeds into a bag and into a basket which Godfrey had with him; he had two baskets; he was there a short time, then came out, went toa shop and bought oranges; we watched him over London-bridge into the Black Horse public-house: I went in and found two small bags, one of split peas and one of whole peas, in a bag - one basket, and a new sack with nothing in it; it had no mark on it; I found this sack in the public-house - I had seen him with the things in his possession in the shop, but cannot swear I saw him with the sack; I saw him take the split peas and whole peas out of the shop; I had seen them, put into his basket; I produce the peas which were in the sack.


                  RICHARD 
                  BAYLIS
               



             re-examined. I produce the hemp seed which I took from Godfrey; I cannot identify the other parcels as having been carried by him; he had two baskets on his shoulder, but I saw him take something out of the basket and put it into a bag in the public-house; I looked through the door and saw it; he put them into this bag, I have no doubt - but I lost sight of the bag; it was found on the spot where I saw him shifting them.
JAMES TILT re-examined. I found no bag in the public-house but this; it was placed on a large gin cask at the bar; I took them from the spot pointed out by a witness.
Cross-examined by MR. ARNOLD. Q. Where were you standing at the shop? A. On the opposite side of the way with Baylis - Godfrey did not go into the shop like a customer; he went straight into the recess at once; Mugford first spoke to Godfrey; it was after that that Key put up the seeds.
MR. CHILD re-examined. Mugford was my head warehouseman, and Key a man under him.
COURT. Q. Was there anything irregular in Mugford selling and the other assisting at this time in the morning, if it had been a regular transaction? A. Nothing; he was subject to lose his place if he did not attend to Mugford's directions; he was bound to obey Mugford's orders - the prisoners were both asked before the officers if they had had anybody on the premises, or taken any moeny, or had any customer that morning - they both distinctly said they had not had a soul on the premises, both of them - I deal in split peas - but I can only identify these from the officer seeing them taken off my premises - I am a seedsman - I should say these are very like a sample which I have, but it is impossible to swear to them - we had articles of the same quality and appearance - I have no hesitation in swearing they are my property - they correspond with my articles - I cannot say whether I lost any bag, I have such a quantity - I have hemp seed on my premises.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Have you any partner? A. No - every seedsman has seeds of this description - Key was a man in my warehouse - we do not consider the porters had authority to sell - the prisoners are in charge of the premises until the man that has more control over the premises comes at eight o'clock - Key might have sold if Mugford had been absent.


                  EUGENE 
                  VANN
               



            . Early in December Godfrey met me in the Kent-road, where I was delivering a load of coke - he came up and asked me to buy a sack for 1s. 9d. - I followed them on the morning they were apprehended, and walked with Godfrey, and carried his baskets for him, which were both empty, one being tied round the handle with a red comforter - I went with him to a public-house at Stonesend, where he had something to drink - I came on to London-bridge, and left him there; I turned round, and saw Tilt and Baylis - we then watched them over the water to Child's - the baskets were empty then, and he had no bag - he went into Child's, into a recess - I saw Mugford take something from a bag, and deliver to Godfrey - Mugford came and walked to and fro about the shop - Key then went to Mugford - I cannot recollect what he did - Key then came out and walked up a lane - Mugford was at the same time with Godfrey - when Key returned, he went and fetched a pair of steps, outside, and cleaned the window outside; Mugford doing the same inside - Key went in to Godfrey, and Mugford went to him at the same time - Mugford pulled a bag or something out of his pocket, took something out of it, and gave it to Godfrey - and when he came out, he had a load in the baskets, which were previously empty, and I lost sight of him then.
Cross-examined by MR. ARNOLD. Q. Where do you live? A. In Peacock-street, Newington - I have lived there four months - I have been a green-grocer during that time - before that I was a journeyman coachmaker for nine years - and before that I was a schoolboy - I was apprentice seven years, and two years a journeyman - I am the son of a police-officer - I never assisted my father as a police-officer - I might have gone with him on a warrant - I cannot say I have not - in fact, I recollect going with him; I cannot tell how often - I was never a witness in my life with my father - I was never here in my life, nor in any criminal court - I was a witness once at Worship-street against one Gayton - I had not assisted my father as an officer in that case - I was an apprentice, and the man tempted me to rob my master - I gave information to my father, and he was taken - I did not rob my master - I resisted the temptation, and gave information to my father, and the man was taken and sent to gaol - he was not an intimate friend of mine - I knew nothing of him before.
COURT. Q. What became of Gayton? A. He was bound over to keep the peace, and find good bail; and he had nineteen weeks in gaol before he was liberated - since that he has been tried here - I continued in my master's service five years after that, as an apprentice.


                  EDWARD 
                  PREBBLE
               



            . On the morning, Godfrey was taken into custody, he came into my master's house at the Black Horse, Borough - he had two baskets with him - he took a bag out of the basket, and put it on the top of the liquor-cask outside the bar - it was such a bag as this - the officer came in afterwards, and took the same bag as Godfrey had brought in.
Mugford's Defence. I am very sorry I have done what I have.
Key's Defence. I am an under-servant, and was obliged to do as I was ordered to do, and put up the things - I know nothing more.
Godfrey's Defence. I bought the things, my Lord.
(Samuel Thompson, Chelsea; 
               
                  William 
                  Stenson
               



            , Tailor, Strand; - Harris, King's-head-court, Paddington-lane, gave prisoner Mugford a good character; and Thomas Coleman, assistant to Mr. Child; 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Duffin
               



            , gentleman, Tottenham; 
               
                  John 
                  How
               



            , plasterer and builder, 21, Haydon-square, Minories; and 
               
                  William 
                  Edward Wrench
               



            , seedsman, Union-street, London-bridge, gave the prisoner Key a good character; and 
               
                  John 
                  Finn
               



            , bricklayer andplasterer, Camberwell Church-road, gave the prisoner Godfrey a good character.)
MUGFORD - GUILTY. Aged 37.




               Confined for One Year
            .
Mugford 


               recommended to mercy by the prosecutor, believing him to be seduced to commit the offence by Key and others
            .
KEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GODREY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
