






2075. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  EVANS
               




             and 
               
                  SIMON 
                  CLARK
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, 1 handkerchief, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Mason
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RICHARD MASON. I am butler
 to a gentleman, who lives near Dartford, in Kent. I was in Holborn, about ten o'clock in the morning of the 14th of October - I noticed the two prisoners following me; I went on to Lincoln's Inn-fields - I saw them again there; I passed on to Coventry-street, and on the Regent's-circus - when I got to the Spread Eagle coach-office, I missed my handkerchief; I turned, and accused the prisoners, and they both ran away - I cried Stop thief! and Evans was stopped by the officer at the corner, who gave him to me- the other ran down Jermyn street, and was stopped.


                  JOHN 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I live with my father, who is a baker. I was passing the end of Jermyn-street, on the 14th of October - I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw Clark run up the street; I endeavoured to stop him, and he dropped the handkerchief at my feet - I took it up, and gave it to Mason; I did not see him stopped.


                  SAMUEL 
                  POTTER
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I was inRegent's-circus on the 14th of October - I heard a cry of Stop thief! and took Evans; seeing Clark running away, I gave Evans to the prosecutor, pursued Clark, and took him.
Clark. He did not take me. Witness. He was stopped by some man, and I took him directly - I was close behind him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MASON
               



            . This is my handkerchief - it was rolled up quite close in my pocket; I had several bundles with me, and tried to avoid the prisoners several times in going along, but could not.
EVANS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
