





1481. 




JOHN HILL,



 FREDERICK HONEYMAN
, and 



FREDERICK PAGE
 were indicted for

stealing on the 
19th of May, 1 clock, value 4l., the goods of 



William Patten Donkin Chubb; and that Honey-man had been previously convicted of felony.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






HONORA DUHIG
. I am single, and live in the service of William Patten Donkin Chubb, landlord of the King's Head, Dolphin-court. On the 19th of May, I opened my master's shop—the first thing I did when I came down stairs was to go to the coffee-room door, and see what o'clock it was—it was ten minutes to seven o'clock—I saw the clock safely fixed in the wall in the coffee-room then—about half past seven o'clock the three prisoners came in together—they called for a pint of half-and-half—they drank of it together at the bar—I am sure these are the three men—Honeyman then went into the coffee-room—he came out again, and whispered to Hill—I

saw him—I was at the bar after that—Hill went into the coffee-room—while he was gone, Honeyman asked me to oblige him with a glass of cold water, that was kept at the back of the bar—he drank it—it was a large glass—Hill then came out and whispered to Honeyman, and Honeynman then asked me if I would oblige him with another glass of water—I said "No, here is the glass, and there is the water, go and help yourself"—Honeyman went for the glass of water, and drank it, and then Hill whispered again, and Honeyman said to Hill, "She is looking"—I came out of the bar, and went to the coffee-room door, and saw the clock was down—it had been taken out of its place where it had been fixed, and was behind the door, partly covered with two handkerchiefs—I asked them which of them took the clock down—they said they knew nothing about it—I went to the street door, and hallooed up to the bar-maid, and she came down as quickly as possible—there happened to be a person in the tap-room who heard me, and he came out to ask what was the matter—from the time I saw the clock fixed, till I saw it unfixed, no person entered the coffee-room but the two prisoners, Hill and Honeyman—Page came in with them, he talked, and drank with them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDEROAST. Q. Do you know there is a convenience to which persons go, behind the coffee-room? A. Yes, I supposed he was going there—you go right through the coffee-room to get at that—only one man was in the tap-room who just came in at the time—I had not seen the man in the tap-room before the clock was removed—the tap-room door is near the coffee-room door, but it is nearer the street-door—the man in the tap-room had lodged two or three nights in the house—I have never seen the face of that man since, but he never went into the coffee-room—as I stand at the bar of the public-house, the tap-room door and the coffee-room door are both at the left, and to get the water you go a little to the right—I was in the bar—the clock was pot behind the bar-door without my seeing it—the bar-door goes on the right into the coffee-room—nobody else went into the coffee-room but the prisoners—the other man had not lodged there that night—he was not there before the prisoners came in—he went into the tap-room—I do not know his name, nor where he is to be found—I cannot exactly tell how soon he went off after this alarm.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Page did not move from the place at the bar? A. No, he stood at the counter of the bar, when these persons went into the coffee-room—he drank with them, but he did not more from the bar till he went out with the policeman.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Were you not scrubbing the floor? A. Not when I was serving them—when I saw them whispering, I would not do any work during the time they were there.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Can you tell us whether the man's name was Eland, that my friend has been asking about? A. I do not know his name—I sent him for the constable.

COURT. Q. If he had gone into the coffee-room you would have known it? A. Yes, he did not go there—the three prisoners came in together and called for the half-and-half, and drank together.





WILLIAM PATTEN DONKIN CHUBB
. I am landlord of the King's Head public-house. On the morning of the 19th of May, my clock was detached—I saw it safe the night before—I was called about eight o'clock that morning, and found the clock on the outside of the bar-door leading into the coffee-room,

covered with two handkerchiefs—I have known Eland, the traveller, a considerable time—he kept a public-house at Aylesbury—he went for a constable, and went to Bow-street with me—this is my clock—(looking at me)—neither of these handkerchiefs belong to me—I saw one found on Page.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Have you seen Eland once? A. Not this last fortnight, but I saw him after the transaction six or eight times for five or six days—I do not know what has become of him, but I heard he was at Chatham—he is a compositor—he lodged with me three and four times in a week sometimes—I have refused him lodgings when the beds have been full—I told him I would not give him a lodging unless I was paid—I was not paid entirely.





ROBERT ANDERSON
 (police-constable F 104.) I was called in and took the prisoners—I found the clock on the floor, and took it away—it was covered over with two handkerchiefs—the three prisoners were there, they denied the charge.

JURY. Q. When they were searched, had they pocket handkerchiefs in their pockets? A. I found one on Page, but none on the other—they had one blade of a knife.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You will not venture to swear to the one you found the handkerchief on? A. I believe it was Page.
(Hill received a good character.)





HENRY HUBBERTY
 (police-sergeant D 5.) I produce this certificate of the prisoner Honeyman's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.

HILL—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—



Confined Six Months.

HONEYMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

PAGE—


NOT GUILTY
.
