



18. 




MARGARET JAMES
 was indicted

 for knowingly, and without lawful excuse, feloniously having in her custody and possession a mould impressed with the figure and apparent resemblance of the obverse side of a half-crown.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be impressed with the reverse side.


The
HON. MR. SCARLETT
and
MR. ELLIS
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM REYNOLDS
. I am a constable. On the 31st of October, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, I went to No. 1, Bennet-court, Great George-street, Bethnal Green, with Duke and Hall—we found the street-door fast—I took a small crow-bar, forced it open, and ran up stain—I

got near the top of the flight of stairs, and the prisoner was on the top of the stairs—there are only two rooms in the house—the prisoner was in the act of leaving the room, and had got one foot on the stairs—she was coming out of the room, as her face was looking down the stairs—I laid hold of her, and put her back into the room—Duke and Hall followed me up—I was going to put the handcuffs on the prisoner—she said, "Don't handcuff me, I will be quiet"—she seemed much agitated—I told Duke to go to the fire-place, and there was a plaster of Paris mould in a saucepan-lid on the fire, which he took off—I kept the prisoner in custody, and took her to the office—she said coming along, "I may say good bye to England this time, for ever."

Prisoner. The street-door was not fastened—it was wide open, and the landlady can prove it. Witness. It was fastened.





ROBERT DUKE
. I am an officer. I accompanied Reynolds—I was not in a situation to see him burst the door open, but I followed him up stairs, and observed the prisoner on a chair, and Reynolds holding her—there was a very strong fire in the grate, and on the top of the fire this saucepan-lid, and in it was this mould quite hot—I took it off—it had the impressions downwards.





WILLIAM HALL
. I am an officer. I accompanied Reynolds and Duke to the house—I was immediately behind Reynolds—the street door was shut, and as soon as he put the crow bar to the top, it went open—I cannot say whether it was locked—it might have been unlocked—there was no handle outside that I saw—I followed Duke up stairs—as soon as the prisoner was seated, I searched the place—in a cupboard by the side of the fire-place I found a paper bag containing a quantity of plaster of Paris; and on the hob a pipkin with three pieces of white metal in it, hard, and a tobacco-pipe—under the grate I found three pieces of broken mould, which appeared to have been used, and on the mantel-piece this small file, with white metal in the teeth of it—I asked the prisoner who the things belonged to—she said they were hers—she said the goods in the house were hers—I said "Whose things are these?" meaning the bed and furniture—she said they were hers—I asked who was her landlord—she said Mr. Sherman—she did not exactly know where he lived—I said "Do you owe him any rent?"—she said, "No, I paid all my rent yesterday"—I said "Have you no rent book?"—she said,? Yes, it is in the box," and there I found it.





JOHN FIELD
. I am Inspector of Coin to the Mint, and am in the habit of examining materials for coining. I have seen a great many moulds—this is a plaster of Paris mould intended for casting counterfeit half-crowns—it is impressed with the figure and apparent resemblance of the obverse side of half-a-crown; and the other half has the impression of the reverse side—it is usual to keep the mould hot while casting—the bag has plaster of Paris in it—the metal in the pipkin is white metal, which appears like Britannia metal—one piece appears to have been made in a mould, but not in this mould—the others are in the shape of a mould, but have no impression—whatever was on it has been scraped off—a pipkin is usually used to melt the metal, and tobacco-pipes are used to lade the metal out into the mould—the file has white metal in the teeth of it—it is used to take off the rough edge of the coin.





DANIEL SHERMAN
. I am a builder, and live in Paradise-row, Bethnal-green. The house, No. 3, Bennet's-court, belongs to me—I considered the prisoner my tenant—an old lady lived there with her—sometimes one

paid the rent and sometimes the other—I have seen them both in the house three or four times a week—I collect the rent every Monday—they came in four or five months ago.

Prisoner. I am quite innocent of what I am accused of.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Park.

