





1394. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  OLLIS
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of August
, 7 sovereigns, 7 half-crowns, 1 shilling and sixpence, and 15 halfpence, the goods of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Ubsdell
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
CHARLES UBSDELL. I am a woollen-draper
 and tailor
, and live in the Commercial-road


 - the prisoner was my shopman
 for about four months - he lived in my house - it is my dwelling-house - in consequence of missing money from time to time out of the till, on Friday, the 22nd of August, I marked three half-crowns and three sovereigns, and put them into the till - the prisoner had no businesswhatever at the till - he went out on Sunday, after dinner, and returned about ten o'clock at night - I sent a lad up, who used to sleep with him, to see him into bed - I had searched my till just after he went out, and missed about £7 or £8 - all the marked money was missing - when he came home he went to bed, and soon afterwards I sent my wife and servant into the room - she brought out his waistcoat and breeches, and in his pocket were found one marked sovereign and one half-crown - I called in a policeman - I awoke the prisoner, and he said he had no money whatever, either of mine or his own - I had found it then.


                  JANE 
                  UBSDELL
               



            . I am the wife of the prosecutor - I and the servant went into the prisoner's room, and brought out his waistcoat and breeches - the whole money named in the indictment was found in his pockets, seven sovereigns, seven half-crowns, a sixpence, and some halfpence.


                  JAMES 
                  AUSTIN
               



            . I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner, and have the marked money.
CHARLES UBSDELL re-examined. This is the money I marked - I missed all the money at the same time - I cannot say whether it was all taken at the same time.
Prisoner's Defence. I received the money at Bath, in February last; £5 I had there, and four sovereigns I had saved up at my former place - I wrote a letter to Bath, and have received one back - my mistress's sister paid me the money - I do not recollect saying I had no money about me; but I was not sober.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
