



102. 




MARY BROWN
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of March, 3 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 1 pillow-case. value 1s.; and 1 napkin, value, 4d.; the goods of 



John Moscrop, her master.






ROBERT BIRD
. I live in Long Acre, and am a pawnbroker. I took in two handkerchiefs for 4s., on the 24th of October, 1836—here is another pledge, on the 11th of December, 1835, but not taken in by me—I am not certain it was the prisoner that I took them of.





JOHN MOSCROP
. The prisoner was in my service from December to March—she left on the 9th of March.





FREDERICK JOHN JOHNSON
. I produce two duplicates, which I found in the drawer in the prisoner's room—there was one bed in the room—the drawer had a white covering over it—there were seven duplicates there, and two of them were on the left-hand side of the table.

Prisoner. My tickets laid on the table, but there was no cloth on it.





BEAUMONT COLE
. I was present when they were found in the second-floor front room—on the left-hand—that was occupied by the prisoner exclusively, and the key of it was found in her bosom—I think she slept there a month, and nobody else—she slept in one of the top rooms, and objected to that because there was no lock on the door, and then she came down to that room.

Prisoner. It is a lodging-house—the room was occupied by other lodgers as well as me—I slept there a few nights.





ELIZABETH MOSCROP
. I am the wife of John Moscrop. These two silk handkerchiefs are mine—the prisoner was in my employ a from September, 1835, till last March—she left on the 9th—I missed a quantity of silk handkerchiefs—they were taken gradually—sometimes one, sometimes two—I can swear to these—they are marked with my name.

Prisoner's Defence.. It is all spite—she wanted me to go back to her service again, and I would not—I have got witnesses to prove that I wore them in her service, and had them since the July before I went there—one of them has my mark on it—there is no mark on the other.

MRS. MOSCROP
re-examined. This has my mark on, which I can swear to—the other has the letter M.






CATHERINE BARRY
. I have seen these handkerchiefs with the prisoner before she went to the Green Man to live—I saw them last summer twelve-months—I saw her wear them in another situation—I have often had them in my hand—there was M in the corner of one—the other was not marked in full—the letter was not finished—here it is.

COURT
to
ELIZABETH MOSCROP. Q. Will you tell the Jury why, having made a perfect mark in the ordinary way on this handkerchief, you afterwards made an M ill-done? A. No, not on the same handkerchief—I did this because I lost so many things—I put the mark on just after I bought it—some time after September—I had a dozen with the letter M, and lost ten—and I bought some more, and put an imperfect M on—I thought I should know it again.





DENNIS BARRY
. These two handkerchiefs belong to the prisoner—I saw them in her possession last May twelvemonth—I saw her wear them before she went to the Green Man—I have seen her with this when I used to go to the Green Man to my breakfast, and before she went there—I think the prisoner went there last September twelvemonth—I saw her wear a handkerchief like this other, but of course I cannot swear to the marks—she is my sister-in-law.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

