





939. 




MATTHEW KENNY
 and 




GEORGE CANN
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
3rd of March, 4 casks, value 53s., the goods of 



Richard Chadwick, their master.






RICHARD RUSSELL
. I am servant to Mr. Hill, of Mount-pleasant—he is a brewer. On the 3rd of March I was walking along, and the prisoner Kenny, whom I had never seen before, came and told me he had some casks to sell, and asked if I would buy them—I said, "No," and asked what casks they were—he said large ones, and that he had about fifty, but they were about three or so he wished to get out of the way—they were, he said, in Lansdown-mews, and if I Would come and fetch them I should have them for nothing—he said, "Come any time after dark"—I asked him how he came by them—he said that was nothing to me—I said I would come; and when I got home I told my employer, who directed me to take the dray and go to Lansdown-mews—a policeman went with me—we got there about six o'clock—a person, whom I should not know again, came to the gate—I asked if any stone-sawyers were in the yard—he said yes, I might go np and see—I went up, and saw the prisoner Cann—he told me there were the casks, and I might take them—I said no, I had nothing to do with them—I considered it was not right—he said he knew nothing about them—he would go and fetch his companion—he went out and fetched Kenny—we went down the yard—I told Kenny I considered they were not his property, and would advise him to have nothing to do with it—he went down the yard—the policeman and I went away for about four minutes—when we returned, there weve two casks on the dray, and Kenny was bringing out the third, the largest of the lot—he threw it down on the ground, and said he could not lift it up—the policeman helped him up with it on the dray—the policeman then asked him if there were any more—he said, "Yes," and the officer said, "I think we may as well have more if you can spare them"—Kenny said there was one more, and Cann then went and fetched the last one—Kenny then asked what we would give them—I said nothing, nor offer them any thing—the policeman (who was dressed in plain clothes) said he would give him what he was accustomed to get for such things—he said he had never sold any before—the officer said, "Well, never mind, come down to Gray's-inn-lane, and we will go and settle it"—we went there, and found another policeman, who took them—the casks were in Mr. Chadwiek's yard.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. After you had got the casks on the dray, there was something said about a settlement? A. Yes.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Had you never seen Kenny before? A. Not to my knowledge—I was walking along, and my fellow-servant was driving the dray, when I met Kenny, walking, I think near Thompson's gin-shop—he came across the street—he had been drinking—he did not say what line of business he was in—I told hint I would go in the evening, because I wanted to get rid of him, but my employer obliged me to go—I suspected they were brewers' casks—I should have taken him to be in the bricklaying business—the policeman put on a brewer's jaeket to make the prisoner believe he came with me—Kenny brought out the third cask, and asked the officer to help him up with it—I believe Kenny was fetched from the Guildford Arms—he was about in the same State, as to sobriety, as he was in the morning.





JAMES DAVIS
 (police-constable G 90.) I went with this witness—what he has stated is correct—I heard him caution the prisoners that they were going to commit a robbery.


Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What did you hear him say? A. That it was not their property, and he would give them nothing for it—he asked Kenny where the master was—he said he did not know nor care.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Did you caution him? A. No; I asked where his master was, and he gave me a very loose and improper answer—I considered him in my custody—there were two casks on the dray, and I went to see where he brought the third from, and he brought it down the yard—he had been drinking.





JOHN WIGNEY STYLES
. I am clerk to Mr. Benjamin George Hodges, of Lambeth. One of these casks belongs to him—it was sent to De Valle's, who keeps an hotel in Salisbury-square.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Who kept the hotel? A. De Valle and Caton—the cask was sent to them full of gin.





JOHN HALL
. I am in the service of James Coding and Henry Broad-wood. One of these casks is theirs.





JOHN NELSON
. I live with Mr. George Berry, a brewer, in Kentish Town. Two of these casks belong to him.





RICHARD CHADWICK
. I am an auctioneer. Lansdown-mews is party occupied by me—the prisoners were both in my service—Kenny for about three months, and Cann about a fortnight.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. I understand the casks were at your yard, as belonging to various brewers, till they sent for them? A. Yes; as soon as they were informed they were there, their draymen came for them, with an order—they were there on sufferance.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Had you been in the habit of receiving casks on your premises? A. Only when we are instructed to do so—I received these casks of De Valle and Co.—they were insolvent—I had their goods to sell by auction, for the benefit of the creditors, but not the casks, they belong to the brewers.

Cann's Defence. I was working at Mr. Chad wick's, and the drayman came and asked if there were not some beer-casks in the yard—I said, "Yes"—he asked if I was the man he met in Holborn—I told him "No"—he asked where Kenny was—I said I believed he was at the public-house, drinking—he said, "Tell him to come to me"—I went and told him two brewers' servants wanted him—he went over and stopped a quarter of an hour, then came and told me to help him to get up the casks, and he would give me a pot of beer—I went over, and Kenny had the third cask on his back—he said he could not carry it—the policeman asked Kenny to let him have another—Kenny told me to fetch it—I said, "Which?"—he said it did not matter.

Kenny's Defence. This man came after me to the public-house, and said I was wanted in the yard—I said I would not come—he said there were some brewers' servants—I went, and they said, "Where are the casks?"—they said they had not seen them—but they took these three and rolled them off the premises—they walked up the yard again, and sent me for this man to assist—they asked what I wanted for the casks—I said I did not know—the policeman said, "Never mind that, old boy, we shan't fall out about that."
(Kenny received a good character.)

KENNY—


GUILTY
. Aged 50.—


Transported for Seven Years.

CANN—


GUILTY
. Aged 44.—



Confined Six Months.
