




2172. 




WILLIAM PEARCE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of September, 1 cabriolet, value £20, the goods of 



Robert Richardson.






ROBERT RICHARDSON
. I am a cabriolet-builder, in Red-lion-yard, Great Warner-street, Clerkenwell. On the 2nd of September, in the afternoon, the prisoner came to hire a cabriolet, as he stated—I let him one for a week, at 14s.—he paid one week down—here is a paper, signed by him, (reads) "I, William Pearce, 27, Chenies Mews, top stable, agree to hire a cab of Robert Richardson, of Red-lion-yard, Clerkenwell, at 14s. per week, one week to be always paid in advance. I also agree to pay for all damages done to the said cab while hired by me, except fair wear and tear I also agree to give a week's notice, or pay a week's hire, when I give it up. William Pearce. 2nd of September, half-past three o'clock." He had a person outside, in the yard, to take it away—I never heard any thing of him till the week had expired—that was the Friday following, when I found he did not reside in the place mentioned in the agreement, neither could we find the cab or the man—he was the not known at No. 27, Chenies Mews—I went there on the 9th, and could hear nothing of him—on the 11th, I saw the cab in the hands of Mr. Ashley, in Chenies Mews—I took him into custody, and he was released the next morning—the cab was worth 20l.—on the 12th, I found the prisoner near Bromley, in a donkey curt, and put him into custody—he said, "I have done it, I know, and I must suffer for it"—and, in answer to a question, he said he took it away with no other intention than to sell it, as he had got no horse, nor any means of working it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you say that before the Magistrate? A. I did not—it was an omission, not done with any design—I forgot it—he hired it for a week certain, and if he did not pay another week in advance at the end of that, I should have taken it away—he said he should want it nearly a fortnight, as his own was gone to be repaired—the week was out before I went to look for him.





LEWIS ASHLEY
. I am a coach-builder, and live in Chenies Mews. I bought a cab of the prisoner—on the 2nd of September, about five of six o'clock, he came down the mews, and asked for a cab-man that was driving for himself, who wished to buy a neat cab—I asked what he wanted for it—he said "8l." I said it was not worth that, and bought it of him for 6l. 10s.—I did between 4l. and 5l. repairs to it, and sold it for 13l. 10s., and should not have got that, but I took an old one in exchange.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it, when sold to you, safe for any human being's life to be trusted in it? A. It was not—If a horse had plunged, the dash-board would have been out.





JOHN NESBITT
. I am the constable, and took the prisoner. I said, "What induced you to do this sort of thing?"—he said, "Necessity—I sold it to pay some little expenses."

Prisoner. It was distress that led me to it.




GUILTY
. Aged 61,—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
