



1872. 




GEORGE TAYLOR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of July, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 



William Wood, from his person.






WILLIAM WOOD
. I live in Dean-street, Soho, and am an attorney. On the 31st of July, I was walking in Bow-street, Covent-garden—Mr. Harrison came to me—I put my hand to my pocket, and missed my handkerchief—I had just before that observed the constable stop the prisoner—two handkerchiefs were taken from him and one was mine.





JAMES HARRISON
. I live in Long-acre. I spoke to Mr. Wood, in Bow-street—I was at my Printing-office in the neighbourhood—I could see what passed—I saw the prisoner near the prosecutor's person—I saw him deliberately draw his handkerchief from him—the impression on my mind was, that it was not done felonioulsy, but from a trick—the handkerchief was drawn out half a yard before he rolled it up—I went out to lay my hand on him—he bobbed down, and jumped up, and run down the whole length of Bow-street—I never saw any one run so fast in my life.

Prisoner. Q. Was your window up or down? A. I saw through the glass of the window, but it was partly up—I knew you by the glance I had of you, in the first instance—there were other persons passing.





HENRY LAKE
 (police-constable T 103.) I assisted in stopping the prisoner—he fell dowm on his hand—he got up and run again so fast, that I could not catch him till some persons stopped him—I said, "You are accused of stealing a handkerchief"—he said, "I have one which is mine"—he gave me his own, from his pocket, but I saw this in his trowsers pocket, and took it.


Prisoner. Q. was not you more likely to see me than that man up stairs, when you was passing the end of the street, not half a dozen yards from me? A. I cannot say what distance I was—I ran when this gentleman told me of it.

Prisoner. There is no mark on it—the prosecutor could not swear to it—it was marked at the office.





WILLIAM WOOD
. I thought there was a mark on it, but there was not—I am sure it is mine—it is dirty with wiping the dust from my shoes.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not run till I heard the cry of, "Stop thief!" and saw several others running—I jpicked up the handkerchief.




GUILTY
*. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
