



810. 




RICHARD BENNETT
 was indicted

 for feloniously and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Moses, about the hour of five in the night of the 
25th of February, at the precincts of Old Tower Without, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 4 table napkins, value 4s.; and 1 table-cloth, value 2s. 6d.; his goods.






MOSES SOLOMON KEYSER
. I live with Henry Moses, at No. 41, Trinity-square, Tower-hill, in the precincts of the Tower Without. My brother has a wine-cellar at the back of the premises—he keeps the house—I do not know whether it is in any parish—I believe not—he pays poor-rates—I was going into the cellar, about twelve o'clock in the day, and observed some holes in the wine-cellar door, which appeared to be burnt with a redhot poker, as large as my hand, and afterwards cut away with a knife—on going into the kitchen, to examine the pantry, a lad who was with me saw a hat—I locked the pantry door, and ran up stain—I heard the pantry door burst open—I could see, through the back parlour window, a man running across the garden—he jumped over the wall, which leads to a piece of waste ground, belonging to the Trinity Company—I afterwards saw the prisoner in Hodge's custody—he had lived in my brother's service, as footman, at one time—the prisoner is the man—I saw a table-cloth taken from round the prisoner's body.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. For how long did you see the person who was getting over the wall? A. For a minute or two—I saw his back—I cannot say the same person was taken into custody—I am almost positive of it—my brother's house is not within the gates of the Tower—I have seen his receipts for poor-rates—it is in the precinct of Old Tower Without—that is what is stated on the receipts—I have a receipt here.





WILLIAM CHILDS
. I am beadle of Trinity-square. I know the house of Henry Moses—it is close to the edge of the City, in the precincts of Old Tower Without—I found the prisoner in the custody of Hodges, in Mr. Moses's house—I searched him, and found a table-cloth round his waist, and two glass-cloths round each leg, at the top of his boots—when I took the table-cloth from him, I said, "Have you got any thing more?"—he pulled his trowsers up, and I found the two glass-cloths round his legs—I found 4s. 10 1/4 d. on him.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you take him? A. In the house—Hodges had taken him into the house.





JAMES EVERSON
. I am servant to Mr. Moses. I was with Keyser, looking into the pantry—I found a man's hat behind a jelly strainer, and when I got to the hall door I heard something crack—I went after a policeman, and as I came back I saw the prisoner come from the back of the house—Hodges secured him—the table-cloth and napkins produced belong to the prosecutor.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you examined them? A. Yes; I find there

is a mark on them—it is, "Henry, Maria, Mary, Ann Moses"—I have read that on them before—the pantry is under the hall—there is no light there—I saw marks on the wine-cellar door.





ROBERT THORP
. I assisted in taking the prisoner to the station-house—I neither threatened, nor made him any promise—I asked him if I had not seen him driving a cab—he said, "Yes" that Mr. Moses knew him better, for he had lived with him two years—I asked bow he could get in—he said he let himself down the palisades into the area, and opened the shutters, one of which was closed, and got in—he hoped Mr. Moses would be merciful to him—he said he did it at half-past five o'clock that morning—it was dark at that; time—so dark that I could not see a man's features—I asked how long he remained there—he said he entered about half-past five o'clock, and concealed himself till he was taken.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did he tell you all this? A. On going down to the station—I cautioned him not to say any thing to implicate himself—I knew it made a difference in the punishment whether he broke into the house, and knowing that, I asked him how he got into the house he said he would tell Mr. Moses all about it—I did not wish him to tell me.





JAMES EVERSON

re-examined. There is a place where he might easily me conceal himself under the pantry shelf, in an arch—he might lie there—the family get up about seven o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. Are there any good-looking servant girls there? A. There are pretty and plain—the hole appeared to be burnt, and then cut away—the servants generally get up at seven o'clock—we left a fire when we went to bed at half-past eleven o'clock—we generally go up stairs together—the cook shuts the kitchen door—I Went, to bed at half-past eleven o'clock—we leave the fire burning.





HENRY MOSES

examined by
MR. PAYNE. The prisoner lived with about two years and a half—I cannot say whether he bore a good character, without explaining the case fully.

COURT. Q. When did he quit your service? A. About two years age—he never visited at my house afterwards—I cannot account for his being there—it is not the custom to leave the fire alight after going to bed—in the morning the cook said she had lost her mosey out of the drawer—I went down into the kitchen, and her pocket was in the drawer, tied up as she had left it—that was about nine o'clock in the morning.

JURY. Q. Do you know that property? A. Yes, it is mine.




GUILTY of Stealing, but not of breaking and entering. Aged 22.



Transported for Seven Years.
