





973. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 10th of April
, feloniously did cut, break, and destroy 10 trees, that is to say, 4 cherrytrees, 4 plum-trees, and 2 apple-trees, value 10l., then standing and growing, the property of and belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Jane 
                           Flint
                        




                     
                  , whereby the amount of injury done to the said Jane Flint, exceeded the sum of 5l., that is to say, amounted to the sum of 10l.
            ; against the Statute, &c.
2nd COUNT, like the first, only substituting the word"damage" instead of destroy.
3rd COUNT, for feloniously breaking and destroying in part, &c., like the first count.
4th COUNT, like the third, only stating that he did cut, break, and damage, instead of destroy.


                  JOHN 
                  BARKER
               



            . I am son-in-law to 
               
                  Jane 
                  Flint
               



             - she is a widow
; I superintend her garden; she is a market-gardener
, at Isleworth


. On Saturday evening,the 10th of April, I saw the trees in her garden all safe, between six, and seven o'clock, and the next morning, between five and six, I found four plum-trees and four cherry-trees had been broken down and destroyed; one pulled up, and the others destroyed - the branches were all off; they had been against a wall; I afterwards found two apple-trees were destroyed, which had been full of bloom - they had been all alive, and were worth more than 10l. - I saw some footmarks, and had suspicion of the prisoner, from some language which he had used to me on the Saturday night; Mrs. Flint had warned the prisoner off her ground, and I had told the foreman to warn him off - I keep the Phoenix public-house, and on the Saturday night the prisoner was there; he wanted to kick up a row with six or seven others, and I told him to go along; he came, put his fist in my face, and said,"D-n your eyes, you bl-y b-r, I will go down the garden, and destroy every bl-y tree you have got"- I therefore thought he was the person, I fetched the constable to the garden, and sent him to take him on suspicion; his right shoe was taken off, and fitted to the marks in the ground; they matched exactly - he was sent to the cage; we went on board the prisoner's barge, and found some brocoli, which fitted to the stumps left in the ground - they had tried to break into the house, and if they had they would have done much more mischief.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were there not two persons taken? A. Yes; one is here as a witness - the nails fitted exactly in the footmarks; it was the right shoe - I do not know how many nails there were; there might be twenty-four - there were six nail marks in the ground; the prisoner had been drinking, but he was not so drunk but he knew what he was going to do - he was not sober.


                  JACOB 
                  CROWTHER
               



            . I am a constable. I went on board a barge, and found the prisoner, on Easter Sunday morning, about seven o'clock, with his companion, who is here; I took the prisoner into custody, he took off his shoe at the garden, and gave it me to fit to the impression on the ground - it fitted in the nail marks, and in the impression where there were no nails; it was fitted in the presence of half a dozen people - I found as much brocoli on board the barge as would tie up in a common sized handkerchief; I saw two of the heads fitted to the stumps, and they matched exactly.


                  CHARLES 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I know the prisoner, and was with him in a barge on the river, on the Saturday evening - he told me he was going to break all the bl-y trees that Barker had got in his place; I went with him to the garden, pulled up a few brocoli, he broke the trees, and then we went on board the barge - we were not more than half an hour in the garden; he pulled up some strawberry plants - I took the brocoli on board.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I hope you were sober?" A. Yes - he was a little the worse for liquor; he did all the mischief, except taking up the brocoli - he made me go against my will to the garden, take up the brocoli, and take it on board the barge.


                  JOHN 
                  BARKER
               



             re-examined. Q. Did they pull up the trees by the roots? A. This one was broken down, and the root nearly out of the ground - the whole of the trees were destroyed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
