



1956. 




SAMUEL HALLIDAY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
22nd of October, 2 tables, value 13s.; 5 blankets, value 12s.; 6 chairs, value 14s.: 1 set of fire-irons, value 2s.; 2 candlesticks, value 1s.; 1 flat-iron, value 4d.; 1 Italian-iron, value 4d.; 2 kettles, value 4s.; 3 growns, value 7s.; 8 frocks, value 20s.; 7 shirts, value 5s.; 10 caps, value 6s.; 1 pair of hand-boots, value 5s.; 1 shawl, value 6s.; 1 quilt, value 3s.; 2 pair of sheets, value 12s.; and 14 shilling, and 1 sixpence; the goods and monies of 



William Edgecomb.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the property of 



Ann Edgecomb.






ANN EDGECOMB
. I live on Saffron-hill. I was in prison befor Chirstmas, and sent for the prisoner to bail me out—he same to me, and I said, "Will you release me out of here?"—he said, "Yes, I will"—he put his hand in his pocket, and said, "I have got but half-a-crown and a few halfpence; have you got any?"—I said, there is 14s. 6d. on

the mantel-shelf, in my parlour"—he said, "Allow me to get it;" and I gave him the key of my house to go and get the money—there were twenty-four duplicates in the same box as the money was in—I never saw him for six weeks; and when I came out, every thing was gone—I had not a single thing left—I was in prison for getting tipsy, with my baby in my arms.

Prisoner. Q. I believe your husband has left you? A. Yes; thirteen months ago—he told me if I was distressed for money to sell some stoves—t ere was some account between him and the landlord—I saw the prisoner in the street one day—he seemed to feel for me very much, on account of the loss of my husband—I said, "I have got some fixtures at home, if you will come home and sell them for me, I will pay you for you trouble" and he sent out to a broker, but he would not give enough for them—I showed him the agreement with the landlord, and he said I was right in selling them; and he brought a woman who paid me for five stoves—I gave him 3s. for his trouble—I went to prison on the 19th of October, I think, and sent for him two days after—the property in question was both up-stairs and down-stairs—I sold nothing but the rubbishing things—I swear all the things were in my house when I gave him the key—t ere were twenty-four pawnbroker's tickets, and amongst them one for a clock—he sold the duplicate of it to one Tilley—I had pawned the clock, and he took that duplicate, and a great many more.





JOSEPH TILLEY
. I am a tailor, and live in Porter-street, Newport-market. I bought a ticket of a clock of the prisoner, and redeemed it—the clock is here I got it by means of the duplicate.





ANN EDGECOMB

re-examined. I went to prison on the 29th or 19th of October—It was on a Monday—and on Tuesday I sent him a note—he came on Wednesday—I left the property stated in my house—my husband's name is William—I had locked the house, and had the key in my pocket—the prisoner never returned me the key—I saw him two months after I came out, in Holborn, and then he ran away from me.

Prisoner. Q. Did you receive a copy of your commitment from me, in a letter? A. Yes; two days before I came out—this is my clock, which I had pawned—I never authorized him to sell the duplicate, or any thing.

Prisoner's Defence. I met her in Wilderness-row, selling apples—she told me her husband had run off to America, and had left her very destitute—she said that her husband had taken the stoves down, and that they stood all together in the front room, and asked if I could sell them for her—I asked if they were her own—she said they were—I called in the afternoon, and she produced an invoice of fixtures in the house, and also of the stoves, bought of the next-door neighbour—I brought Mrs. Morgan, who offered twenty shillings for them, and gave her two shillings and sixpence as a deposit; and she desired her not to come for them till the evening, as they were not paid for, and they had been bought of the next-door neighbour—In the evening we removed them, but it being dark, we left one behind—I saw her on the Wednesday, she said she had a letter from her husband—she was beastly intoxicated, and let the child fall—I called on the Monday—she was nearly drunk again then—she asked me to walk to Mutton-hill, where her husband had sent some things—she pulled some duplicates out of her bosom, and said, "I have nothing to give you for your trouble but the duplicate of the clock," which she gave me, and a pair of old stocking—I left her, being ashamed of her company, she being so drunk—I have been overseer of the parish some years—I left her, and

heard no more of her till I met the woman about the stoves, who said she was locked up for being disorderly, and said if I would go and get the stoves, she would give me one shilling and sixpence—I went to the prison to her about the stoves, she had not sent to me—she said the landlord would give her two pounds to give up possession of the house, and she told me to go and see if he would—she said, "There is some silver in the house"—she did not know how much—I paid one shilling and threepence for a copy of her commitment—I went to the house—there was nothing but an old mattress, four chairs, a door, and a rug—not finding the money, I would have advanced it, but I could not get any body to bail her, as they said she would be drunk again—I sent the copy of the commitment to her at the prison, by one Nicholson, with a letter, saying she had deceived me, and there was no money there—she had been four days in prison, and it is not likely she would have fourteen shillings on the shelf, and not send for it—I asked Tilley if he wanted a clock—he said he did, and unfortunately, the man who put it up, said it was his clock, he had sold it, to be paid for at two shillings a week, and he had never got a farthing for it—to show her abandoned character, no longer ago than the day I was committed, on the return of Tilley from Guidhall, he saw her rolling drunk in the street, on his way home—she is a notorious character—there was no furniture in the house—Nicholson went with me to look at the stoves, and I lent the key to a man named West, To sleep on the mattress in the house, and he can state what there was there.





ANN EDGECOMB

re-examined. When I cam out I found three old chairs, an old writing-desk, and one old bed left—I sold them to Mrs. Morgan.

Prisoner. It is very improbable I could have carried away the things, either by night or day—they require some time to take away.

COURT
to
ANN EDGECOME. Q. Why not take the money to prison with you? A. I did not know I was going to prison—all these things were in the house—I put my bed on six chairs in the parlour when my husband left me—there was a table—the kettles were in the kitchen, and one in the parlour—the blanket on the bed—the candlesticks and iron on the kitchen mantel-shelf—the forks and gowns in the parlour—the boots were by the side of the bed in the parlour—they were all in the house when I left—I never gave him a duplicate of the clock—I had not parted with the key till I gave it to the prisoner—the money and things were in the house when I delivered him the key—after coming out of prison the agent of the house who lived next door, had sent in—I sold an old writing-desk and one old chair—every thing else was gone but a broken-backed chair and an old bed.

Prisoner. Q. Was there any fastening or latch to the back door? A. It had a strong iron bolt to it, which was bolted, and it was latched—the back window was not broken—there was no appearance of any body having broken into the premises.

Prisoner. Q. When I entered the house, there were baskets full of apples, one on the ground and another on the table, which she said she paid 5s. 4d. for, out of the money she received for the bed if that was added to the 3s. 6d. given to me, and 2s. 6d. which I saw in her bosom on the Monday morning, considering she had to support herself four days, it would make a great hole in the money.

Witness. I had some apples which I gave 3s. for—I was selling apples and received money for them—I bought the apples before I sold my furniture—I pawned my gown for that on the Friday before I sold the stoves.

(Francis Salmon, of Hoxton New Town, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 48.—


Transported for Seven Years.
