






NEW COURT. Monday, October 21, 1833.
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1535. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ARNOLD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of September

, 4 wheels, value 40s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hope
                        



; and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving two wheels, part of the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            , against the statute, &c.
JOHN HOPE. I live at Paddington



, and am a wheelwright
; I had four wheels on my premises, on the 3rd of October, and on the next morning I missed them; and on the Monday after, I was going past Mr. Ward's door, in Salisbury-street, near Portman-market, and I saw there two of my wheels, put out at his door for sale; but they had been painted over a chocolate colour - they were then wet - they had been red when I lost them - I went and asked the price of them, but I did not see Ward - I saw his wife - I am sure these are two of the wheels I lost - I have a mark on them - they are worth 1l.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I believe when Ward found that these wheels were stolen, that his wife was the means of Arnold being apprehended? A. Yes; she gave him into custody - they were exposed openly at Ward's door for sale - I had had them for twelve months.


                  ROBERT 
                  BALL
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Watling, at Paddington; on the 3rd of October, I saw the prisoner Arnold go by with two red wheels - I had seen him before - one of the wheels were similar to these and one was a smaller wheel - I noticed them particularly - I am sure this is one of them.


                  RICHARD 
                  HANCOCK
               



             (police-constable T 138). I went to Ward's house and saw these two wheels at the door; I went close to them and saw they had been red before - I went to the prosecutor and took him to the house - I asked Ward where he got them, he said he bought them of John Herbert, in Arlington-street, for half-a-crown - my sergeant took the wheels, and I went to Arlington-street, but there was no John Herbert lived there, nor any wheelwright - I then took Ward to the station-house, and from some information, I went in pursuit of Arnold; on my return, I met my brother-officer with Arnold; I said to him, "I want you for those wheels," he said, "I did not steal them;" when we got to the station-house, Ward said to him, "You are the person I bought the wheels of," he again said, "I did not steal them, I carried them for a man."
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know that Arnold went by the name of Herbert? A. Not since I have known him - the officer who took him is ill - I heard that Ward's wife gave Arnold into custody.
Arnold's Defence. I was going up Praed-street, and met Herbert, whom I knew - he asked me to get him a customer for a pair of wheels, I sold them to Ward, and Herbert gave me one shilling for it.


                  JAMES 
                  GRAY
               



            . I am son-in-law to Ward; he gave me a job to paint the front of his house; I had some paint left, and I painted these wheels with it, as I thought they looked rather scaley - I had no orders to paint them - Mrs. Ward, (who is my mother,) saw Arnold in the street, and she accused him of having sold these wheels to her; he ran his fist in her face, and I went up and took him till the officer came - she said he went by the name of Herbert.
ARNOLD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WARD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
