



1503. 




JOHN HARRISON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of June, 6 shilling, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 




Henry Johnson.






HENRY JOHNSON
. I am a corn-dealer, and live in Goswell-road, On the morning of the 15th of June I heard a noise in my shop, at about a quarter to eleven o'clock—I was in the parlour, at the back of my shop—I walked up towards the counter, and was proceeding round the counter, and saw the prisoner coming from it on his hands and knees—he was just coming round from behind the counter—I seized him by the hand—I observed sliver in his hand, and took him towards the shop-door—I then called a policeman, then released his hand, and the policeman took six shillings and one sixpence from his hand—I went to my till, and found it half-open, and empty—I cannot swear it had been locked before—there was about that quantity of sliver in it before, but I did not count it—it was all gone when I returned—there were half-pence there, but I imagine they were not touched.





GEORGE COURT
. I am a policeman. Mr. Johnson called me in—he was at his shop-door—I was passing by, and asked him what was the matter—I took hold of the prisoner, opened his hand, and found in it six shillings and a sixpence.

Prisoner. The policeman was not passing by the door. Witness. I was about fifteen yards from the door—there were two of his companions outside the door, twenty-five or thirty yards off, and I told the prosecutor to keep him there till I fetched them back—I handcuffed them together, and

took them to the station-house, and they were committed to the House of Correction for three months each—they were both boys, and known characters.

Prisoner. You were not walking at the time—you were looking at a steam-carriage, which was broken down. Witness. That was a policeman who was placed on the beat to look after the coach-stand.

Prisoner's Defence. I was passing by the shop, and saw the steamer blown down—I went to look at it, a boy pushed me, and wanted to fight me—he threw my cap into the shop, and I went in and saw the money, and took it—it was from want that I took it—I did not go round the counter.




GUILTY
.* Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

