





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
756. 
               
                  
                     ISABELLA 
                     DONOVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of January
, 1 cap, value 3s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Allen
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  LOUISA ALLEN
               



            . I am the wife of Joseph Allen. I keep a milliner's shop in Norton-falgate


; the prisoner came there on the 17th of January, alone - I was standing in the back parlour; I saw her take up a cap out of the window, and a blue handkerchief - I went into the shop, and when I saw her I knew her very well, and thought it was of no use to speak to her then - she dropped the cap, as I suppose, between herself and the counter; I went into the parlour again, and told my girls to watch - they gave me information; I went out when they said, "Now, Ma'am;" I found her with a cap, which she had taken - he came to buy nothing, but in the same manner as she had come before - she desired me to put a cap by for her, and not to mix it.


                  CAROLINE 
                  LITTLE
               



            . I was in the parlour - Mrs. Allen came into the parlour and told us to watch, and I saw the prisoner drop the cap; then she stopped down and put something into her bosom.


                  HENRY 
                  DEPIES
               



            . I am an officer, and have the cap, which I saw Mrs. Allen take from her; I heard her say,"You have robbed me, and I know you have the property;" she took this cap from her bosom - she was searched in my presence, and another new cap was found on her, and half a yard of lace; she had a sovereign and three duplicates.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought it about a fortnight before, of a young lady who was in her shop, for half a crown; I am a mantua-maker
 - there are plenty of caps like that.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
