





1869. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     GILHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of August
, 1 medal, value 1/2d., and 19s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Shilton
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  SHILTON
               



            . I belong to a brig, which laid in Bellwharf tier. On the 30th of August I was at the Paviors' Arms public-house. I changed a sovereign, and laid out 9d.; I then had 19s. 3d., which I put into my pocket, with a medal of the late Duke of York - I saw the prisoner at the house, and gave her something to drink; I had a bad bowel complaint, and asked her to show me a bed - she took me to a house, and I laid down with my waistcoat on; I vomited, and then went to sleep - I awoke about half-past three o'clock, and found my pockets entirely emptied; I was alone in the room - I went and described her at the Police-office.
Cross-examined by MR. BALL. Q. How much did you have at the house? A. A pint of beer, and half a pint of gin; I did not drink it all - I did not notice how many girls were there; I treated nobody but the prisoner - I merely went to out of the room - I did not send her out for gin, nor give her any money at all.


                  PATRICK 
                  DUFFY
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the evening of the 31st of August, I found Shilton at the door of a noted brothel, in Isaacs-buldings, Bluegate-fields


; in consequence of what he told me I apprehanded the prisoner, about five o'clock in the morning, at a coffee-shop; she asked me if the man had got up from the bed - I said Yes, and asked her for his money; she said she had none belonging to him; I searched her, and found 8s. and the Duke of York's medal on her - I took her to the house, and directly Shilton saw her identified her; she then said, all the money he had was 5s. 9d., and she could not have robbed him of 19s. - that he gave her the medal and 5s. 9d.
Cross-examined. Q.Was he not very much intoxicated? A. Not at all; the first thing the prisoner said to me was," Is the man got out of bed."
(Medal produced and sworn to.)
Priosner's Defence. What he says is false; if he changed a sovereign it was before I was in his company- when I went in he sat there drinking; he asked me and ten other females to drink - he then asked me to show him a bed, which he gave 1s. 6d. for; he gave me 5s. 9d.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
