



493. 




THOMAS HASKER
 was indicted

for a misdemeanour.


Messrs. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





SIR EDWARD PAGET, KNT
. I received this letter (No. 1.) at Sandhurst, the day after it is dated, which is the 17th of September—I did not send any answer to that, but in consequence of a second letter which I received, I sent a £5 note to the person—this is a copy of the second letter (No. 2.)—I sent the note in a letter directed to Captain Steele, under cover, directed to the porter of Lord Anglesea—this is the letter—it is dated the 29th of September—after I had sent that letter, I received this (No. 3.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Which was the letter, in consequence of receiving which, you gave the £5 note? A. It was not in consequence of receiving the second letter, but in consequence of this, (No. 4)—I should not have sent the charity on the strength of No. 1.

MR. BODKIN. Q. This is the first letter containing a statement of the situation of the applicant? A. Yes—on the receipt of that letter, No 1, I entertained some doubts—upon the receipt of the second, (No. 2.) I forwarded this note, (No. 3) and in answer to that, I received a letter, (No. 4,) in consequence of which, I sent a £5 note, accompanied by a note, of which (No. 5,) is a copy—the effect of (No. 4) was to remove all doubts from my mind, so that I believed the truth of the facts contained in (No. 1.) and parted with my money accordingly, after the receipt of(No. 4) on a belief of the representations contained in the letter, (No. 1.).

COURT. Q. If you had received (No. 1) alone, would you have given the charity, or was it not on the faith of all the letters? A. Decidedly so—I would not have given the £5 on (No. 1) alone, but on the faith of all the letters.





GEORGE COX
. I am porter to the Marquis of Anglesea, at Uxbridge House. I remember the prisoner coming there in the month of September between the 20th and 30th—he called several times to know if there was a letter for Captain Steele, from Sir Edward Paget—when he came first, I had no letter—on the 26th of I received one containing an enclosure, directed to Captain Steele—I was directed to hand it over to him if he called—he did call, and I gave it him.





WILLIAM STURGEON
. I am clerk in the employ of the Mendicity

Society, and visit persons who apply for charity. In September last, I viisted the prisoner, at No. 10, Portland-street, Soho, in consequence of an application by him to the Bishop of Landaff—the letter, sent to the Bishop was signed, Henry Steele—I showed the prisoner that letter, and asked if it was his writing—he said it was—I asked him his name—he said, "Steele," and if his lordship had read the letter, he would have referred to the War Office, and be would take a pistol and blow his brains out, sooner than be exposed—the letter had the seal on it, which it has now—I have had one other letter from him, since the Bishop of Landaff's.

Cross-examined. Q. What was the number he gave you? A. No. 10, Portland-street, Soho—he did not give me that as his address—he never verbally told me where he lived—I have been above five years in the Mendicity Society's employ—I am not in the habit of giving informations—I was not one of the persons employed in taking up the gleesingers the other day—I saw this man a few days after—I never met him or addressed him by the name of Steele—he never told me his name was not Steele—I swear that most positively—I now recollect certainly being sent to the New Prison, by Sir Frederick roe, to see if I knew him—I then accosted him by the name of Steele, and he said his name was not Steele—I thought you meant in the street—I did not recollect it for the moment—I only addressed him once after by the name of Steele, I forget that.

MR. BODKIN. Q. In the prisoner he said his name was not Steele? A. Yes; I am quite sure that on a former occasion he told me his name was Steele—when I went with this letter, I found him living at the house—I went to Portland-street—I cannot swear it was No. 10, it was a house in Portland-street, on the first-floor.





MARTHA SAIPY
. I live at No. 438, Oxford-street, it is a receiving-house for general post letters. I have seen the prisoner there about half a dozen times, at the latter part of the summer—he asked if there were any letters directed to Captain Steele—there were no such letters at that time—I gave him letters afterwards, when he came to ask if there were any letters for captain Steele, in consequence of his saying that, I gave

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been in this office? A. About two years and a half—it is not uncommon for one person to call for another's letters, or for a servant to call for his master's—it is not usual to give out letters, unless they are directed to our care—I do no know whether the General Post office know that a person came and said, "If there should be any letters come for Captain Steele, will you be so kind as to take them in—he did not say that to me, but he came to my aunt—she is not here—she is ill.





NICHOLS PEARCE
. I am inspector of the A division of the police. By direction of the commissioners, I went to No. 12, Portland-street Soho—I went into the front room, on the first-floor—the prisoner was not at home—I searched the room, and found a writing-desk and bank notes in box.





NATHANIEL NORRIS
. I keep the house, No. 12, Portland-street. The prisoner lodged in the first floor front room—he came about the 7th of August, and continued till he was taken into custody on the charge—I do not remember seeing Sturgeon coming there—I saw him at Bow-street.

Cross-examined. Q. You were the landlord of this gentleman? A. Yes, his wife was living with him—he always went by the name of Hasker—I had directions from her to take in letters for a person of the name of

Steele—he said that captain Steele was a friend of his, who was in prison for debt.





NICHOLAS PEARCE

re-examined. I found in that lodging bank-notes in a box, to the amount of 35l.—I saw bishop find a seal—some of the bank-notes were given to the policeman, and the rest are in my possesion—there were about nine sovereigns besides the notes—I have given the prisoner all but 15l.—I took him custody, at No. 12, Portland-street—he came in while we were there—I said I wanted him—he said, "What do you want with me?"—at that moment I caught hold of him, and there was a struggle, and the prisoner and another person tried to get me over the stairs—I got him into the room—he asked what I wanted him for—I said for attempting top get money from his Grace the Duke of Wellington, under a false pretence—he said he knew nothing about it—I addressed him by no name—the name of Steele was mentioned by a person lodging in the house, who came to the door—he said his name was Hasker—the Mendicity Society had no knowledge of my going at the time I went—he was taken to bow-street, on the charge of the Duke of Wellington, and I was directed to go the Mendicity Society.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you had a search-warrant to go into this gentleman's room? A. No, I took the money before I saw Sir Frederick Roe—there was no charge of felony against him—Mr. Mayne, my superintendant was the first who spoke to me about it—I went to his lodgings more than once—I saw Mr. Mayne before I went to his lodgings.

Q. Do you mean to state that Mr. Commissioner Mayne directed you to go to his lodging, and take money without a warrant? A. I had no warrant, and there was no information of felony at that time against him—I had no directions to take the money out of his house, more than I have stated—I thought it consistent with my duty to take his money, and I have 15l. of it now—I rummaged his papers—I had no warrant, either general or particular—he and his wife were there the first time—he did not remonstrate with me, in fact he unlocked his box for me—he did not tell me to take his money, nor say whether it was agreeable to him or not—he said he should like for me to count it—I have been many times specially employed by the Commissioners to apprehend persons, and if the nature of the case requires a warrant I apply for one—in this case I could not do so—it would not do for me to delay—I took a great many papers—I was directed by Sir F. Roe to go and take all papers that might throw any light on the subject—I took his wife's marriage certificate.

Q. Did you threaten his wife with confinement? A. No, Sir, I never uttered a threat to her, not lock her up—she asked me whether I should take her up—I said no—that was before the prisoner came home—I took the papers the day after I took the prisoner—I think I went there more than twice—I saw his wife at the penny post-office—I did not take her into custody from there to his house—I said I should go, and she went—she appeared reluctant—I was not in uniform.





HENRY BISHOP
. I am sergeant of the A division. I went with the last witness to the lodgings in Portland-street—I found this seal in the desk, and this card-case, with two cards in it. with "Captain Henry Steele, 12. Portland-street," on them.





CHARLES GOODWIN, ESQ
. I am Secretary to the Queen's Treasury. I know the prisoner—he was an applicant for relief to the Queen's Treasury, rather more than four years ago, under the name of Hawkins—he got up a

case in the name of Elizabeth Lock—I have seen him write—this letter (No. 1.) is unlike those I have had from him.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you seen him write more than once? A. Only once—this does not bear upon the similarly at all—it was not like what I saw him write.





HENRY BISHOP

re-examined. This is the seal I found—it corresponds with the letters No. 1, 4, and 6, exactly—No. 2 has a wafer.

Cross-examined. Q. What cypher is on the seal. A. "H F T" and a crest over it. (The following letters were here put in and read.)
(No. 1.)—"To the Honourable General Sir E. Paget.—The humble petition of Henry Steele most humbly sheweth, That your petitioner was captain in the 100th regiment; that in consequence of a large family, ill health, and an intricacy in his private affairs, your petitioner was obliged to retire' from the service, by the sale of his commission. Your petitioner has a wife and three children in the greatest distress and want, destitute of the common necessaries to sustain nature; being obliged to part with every thing that he had. your petitioner is confined with an inflammation; not able to leave his lodgings. That your petitioner's wife was obliged to pledge his coat yesterday, the only article then left. Your petitioner most humbly solicits your consideration, trusting that you will be pleased to take his distressed condition into your consideration, and grant him some pecuniary assistance; for which, as in duty bound, your petitioner, wife and family, will ever pray.—I herewith enclose a certificate from General Horsford. should you entertain any doubt, by referring to the Horse Guards, or to General Horsford, you will find my statement authentic. Honourable General, my wife will attend at your noble relative's mansion (the Marquis of Anglesea's) your consideration and answer.—HENRY STEEL, formerly a captain of the 100th regiment.—London, September 17th, 1835. "
(No. 2.)—"Honourable General, I again most humbly take the liberty of addressing and soliciting your considerations to my application of the 17th instant. My distressed condition is beyond description. My wife has called repeatedly at the Marquis of Alglesey's mansion. Honourable General, I most earnestly beg and beseech that you will be pleased to take my unfortunate condition into your consideration. My wife will attend at the Marquis of Alglesey's mansion, if you will be pleased to send me an answer under cover. My wife has been speaking to the porter, as I have nor the means to provide my children with victuals.—HENRY STEELE, formerly captain of the 100th regiment.—General The Honourable Sir Edward Paget.—London, 23rd September, 1835. "
(No. 3.)—" Sir Edward Paget has received two letters from Mr. Steele, to which he can only reply, that having been basely imposed upon in more instances than one, by writers of begging-letters, it is impossible for him to attend to Mr. Steele's application, without he affords him incontestible proof of the authenticity of his statement. The inclosed letter(which he returns) is no evidence whatever, and might have been written by any one.—R. M. College, 25th September, 1835. "
(No. 4.)—"Sir Edward, In reply to your letter of the 25th instant, and in relation to begging-letter impostors, I beg to assure you, although painfully situated, I never made application to any civilian for the smallest assistance and had you written to Lieutenant-General Horsford, Marine-Parade, Dover, you would easily ascertain the authenticity of my statement.

Colonel Charles Napier, of no. 57, Green-street, Grosvenor-square, commanded the regiment; as also the Right Honourable Colonel Gustavus Rochford, of No. 11, Cavendish-square; or by referring to the Secretary of War. I sold out of the army on the 12th of March, 1818; after which, I went to New South Wales to settle; but owing to unforeseen misfortunes and losses which I sustained, I was obliged to return to England again. I can assure you, Sir Edward, I never had the remotest idea that ever I should be nominated amongst begging-letter writers; nor did I for a moment except the reply in answer to my unfortunate affliction, from so meritorius an individual as yourself.—HENRY STEELE, late 100th regiment.—To General the Honourable Sir Edward Paget.—No. 138, Oxford-street, London; 28th of September, 1835.—P. S. Sir Edward, General Sir George Walker has communicated with General Horsford; and by referring to General W., No. 7, Mansfield-street, or to Mr. Cook, at Messrs, Greenwood and Cox, who paid me 5l. on account of General Horsford, you will find my statement authentic, and, unfortunately, my distressed condition too true. "
(No. 5.)—Sir Edward Paget has to acknowledge the receipt of Mr. Steele's letter of yesterday's date, in which he has favoured him with his address, and given him references of so circumstantial a kind, that he came no longer doubt the authenticity of the statement made in his letters of the 17th and 23rd instant. Under these circumstances, he incloses a five pound note, and sincerely regrets the distress to which Mr. Steele and his family are subjected.—R. M. College, 29th September, 1835. "
(No. 6.)—"438, Oxford-street, 2nd October, 1835.—"Honourable General, I have this day received your letter, with 5l. inclosed. May the Almighty God prosper and prolong your days in health and happiness. Sir Edward, it is infinitely beyond my power to convey to you my grateful thanks for so benevolent a donation; it has raised me from dispair to happiness. May the great and merciful God reward you for it, is the sincere wish, Sir Edward, of your most obedient, humble, and grateful servant, HENRY STEELE.—General the Honourable Sir E. Paget. "





NATHANIEL NORRIS

re-examined. I never knew that the prisoner had any children—he was not confined to his lodgings by illness.





DR. HENRY DAVIES
. I am a physician. In 1813 and 1871 I was serving in his Majesty's 102nd regiment, and was subsequently exchanged to the 100th—there was a Captain Steele in that regiment—the prisoner is is not that man.

MR. PHILLIPS addressed the Jury on behalf of the defendant.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
