





1393. 
               
                  MARIA 
                  DALY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of August
, at St. Mary, Islington


, 4 shifts, value 12s.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 16s.; 1 shawl, value 10l.; 1 veil, value 1l.; 2 night-gowns, value 3s.; 3 watches, value 8l.; 4 necklaces, value 7s.; 1 pair of ear-rings, value 1l.; 9 gold rings, value 7l.; 2 bags, value 9s.; 1 parasol, value 10s.; 1 box, value 1l.; 2 feathers, value 5s.; 2 fans, value 10s.; 12 yards of silk, value 30s.; 1 grater, value 10d.; 4 lockets, value 2l.; 7 brooches, value 4l.; 1 pair of bracelets, value 5s.; 1 eye glass, value 5s.; 6 seals, value 1l.; 4 pair of stockings, value 5s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.; 6 sovereigns, and 2 £5 Bank-notes, the goods and monies of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Stalker
                     




                  , in her dwelling-house
            .
MARY STALKER. I live in the parish of St. Mary, Islington. I rent a first floor - the landlord lives in the house - the prisoner lodged in the parlour for six or seven weeks - she passed as a dress-maker
 - I gave her two dresses to make, and we became intimate, and I asked her to tea two or three times - I lost, out of my bed-room, all the property named in the indictment - it is worth nearly 40l. - I gave information to the officer, and it was found in Pembroke-square, Kensington.
Cross-examined by MR. STAMMERS. Q. What do you mean by saying she passed as a dress-maker? A. I never saw any dress but what she made for me - I have reason to believe she only pretended to be a dress-maker - she did not make my dresses well - our intimacy was very trifling - she is not related to me - I had not made any disposition of my property in favour of any body in case of my death - I never lent her two 5l. notes - I never claimed any property which turned out not to be mine.


                  GEORGE 
                  HAVILL
               



            . I am a policeman. I received information of this, and found the prisoner at No. 2, Pembroke-square - I asked her if her name was Maria Daly; she said it was not - I asked if she ever lived at Islington; she said,"Never" - at last she acknowledged that she was Maria Daly, and said the property I was in search of was in two boxes, in the room which she pointed out - I took the boxes to the station-house, opened them, and found the property - I said, "There is not half the property here" - she handed me two duplicates of the silk and silk handkerchief, and said if I went back I should find the rest - I went, and found the watches and jewellery.
Cross-examined. Q. Did she say she bought any of the property at Bailey's, in St. Paul's Churchyard? A. Never.


                  THOMAS 
                  MORRIS HARVEY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in High-street, Islington. I have twelve yards of silk, and a handkerchief, which were pawned by the prisoner on the 7th and 9th of August.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence (written). In the manner detailed in the evidence, I became acquainted with Mrs. Stalker, who readily threw in my way every allurement, even the first night of my taking to the lodging, which I had engaged for my business - a short acquaintance with her established in my mind a sincere regard for her, which seemed reciprocal on the part of Mrs. Stalker, who not only confided in me the most unbounded confidence, but actually assigned to me, verbally, those things which I am charged with stealing, and a great many others which never were in my possession, and, under that idea, however mistaken it might have been, I took these things from her residence - the silk in question, with other articles used in my business, I purchased at Bailey's, in St. Paul's Churchyard, and who have stated to a messenger, that they have a corresponding entry, though not exactly to the same amount, which, from my purchasing several articles at the time, I cannot precisely recollect.




               GUILTY of Stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .
Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
