



392. 




THOMAS MORGAN
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES WILLIAM FRYER
. I was clerk to Bailey and Perkins. They deal with Mr. Taylor, and had half-yearly accounts—at Christmas, 1837, I think their account was 6l. 13s.—on the 14th of April the prisoner applied for the money, and 5l. 15l. 6d. was paid to him, allowing the usual discount—he gave credit for it—(reads)—" Creditor by cheque, 5l. 15s. 6d."—this is his writing.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you pay him? A. I firmly believe I did, but I am positive he received it, because on the 14th of April application was made for the account—my usual plan is to fill up all the cheques—I will not swear that I actually paid him.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you fill up this cheque? A. Yes; I know the prisoner's hand-writing—the cheque has been returned from the banker's as paid—I have no doubt of that writing being the prisoner's.





JOHN WALKER BAILEY
. I am in partnership with my father, William Bailey—we are ironmongers in Gracechurch-street—we owed the prosecutor the quarterly account, which was 11l. 11s. 7d.—there was a discount which reduced it to 10l. 14s.—I have a receipt for that signed by Thomas Morgan—it has the appearance the other receipts have—I may have seen the prisoner write, but I cannot charge my memory—I cannot say whether I was present when it was paid.





JAMES NESS
. I was concerned in an administration in which Mr. Taylor was a creditor—in September last I sent him this letter—

(looking at one)—I wrote the cheque for 6l. 7s. 1d., and left it in my office—I do not know who received it, I have a receipt for it—that cheque was prepared among others for the claimants—I cannot remember whether I paid this one myself—I paid eight or ten cheques, and left the rest this cheque has been returned to me among other paid cheques from my banker's—(looking at it.)

Cross-examined. Q. Was that receipt stamped? A. Yes; I got it from my clerk's office.





LAUNCELOT GROVE
. I was Mr. Taylor's porter. I went to Mr. Ness's office in September last, by desire of the prisoner—this is the receipt I carried there—the prisoner gave it me, and desired me to go and receive the money—I went and received from Mr. Ness, or some of his clerks, the cheque which is pinned to the receipt—I gave the cheque to Morgaa—I know no more of it—it was after dinner—Morgan was in Mr. Taylor's office, to the best of my knowledge.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you receive it? A. On the 12th of September—I know I took it to the prisoner the same day I received it—Mr. Evans was there—I believe it was in the place of business—I gave the prisoner the money—I told him I had got it from Mr. Ness's office—I did not receive more money that day.





JOSEPH TAYLOR
. I am in the iron business, and live in Noel-street, Marlborough-street. The prisoner was in my employ as clerk, and had been ten years and some months—it was his business to receive money on my account, and keep my books—down to 1886, that was done with regularity—I paid him 2l. a week—he had four rooms and firing—he is now a widower—I placed considerable confidence in him—since 1836 my books have not been kept as they used to be—he did not account to me for 5l. 15s. 6d., received from Bailey and Perkins, for their account to Christmas—I have repeatedly spoken to him about it—he said that both accounts would be paid together—he said application had been made for it—he gave me that account several times—I generally when I received money made it paid off in the ledger—I looked in the ledger in November, and Bailey and Perkins's account was then left open—here is now in the book "Creditor by cash, Thomas Morgan"—there is no date to that—I had seen the account within ten days or a fortnight of the 26th of November, and it was then left open, and on the 26th I saw it in this way—in Mr. Bailey's account here is" 11l. 11s. 6d."—the discount would reduce it to 10l. 14s.—that was not paid to me—it still stands as an open account—I first saw this letter of Mr. Ness's on the 27th of November—after the prisoner was remanded—it was among the papers in his possession—he had not told me before that Mr. Ness had sent such a letter, or given me an account of the money being received—I believe the bottom line of this receipt—(looking at one)—to be the prisoner's hand-writing—he was taken on the morning of the 27th of November—I had not observed him taking any papers from the counting-house—I had been out, and on my return home I found a carpenter at the desk—I said to him, "Dyer, what are you doing there?"—I went to make inquiries of two or three customers, and had the prisoner taken.

Cross-examined. Q. How long had he been in your service? A. Ten years and a few months—previous to his marriage he had 30s. a week—and at that time he had 40s.—he was not to receive a commission for goods sold—I had sometimes thirty persons in my employ—there were about twenty when he first came—I think I have twenty-two now—my accounts

are in a disordered state—I have asked him repeatedly to make up accounts which have been only headed—I knew the state the books were in—I had a letter from him on the 17th of November—he had thought proper to employ a person to do work, which I did not approve of, and we had a few words—after I had left business this letter was sent to me, wishing me to meet him to arrange business—I did not do so—I believe he said at the police-office that if he had the books he would make them up.

COURT. Q. Was it his duty to pay you the money he received? A. Yes, every week.

MR. DOANE. Q. Did it not frequently happen that he was obliged to disburse money almost as fast as he received it, in pursuance of his duty? A. That might be the case, I have no doubt—I know he had to borrow money to pay the workmen at the end of the week, and most likely he had himself money of mine in his possession—I believe he has borrowed money of Mr. Hopper—I have no doubt of it—I have gone myself with him to Mr. Hopper to borrow money, and the prisoner had money of mine at the same time—I know that since—monies that have been lying months back—the prisoner never lent me 100l.—he gave me 100l. to take care of for him—I have repaid him, and more—he had three £10 and £15—3000l. a year might pass through his hands—I have been residing at Kensington for the last six months—he has almost commanded me as a servant to come to business—I have lately got a clerk, named Mangle—I do not know whether he was clerk to Messrs. Harmer and Flower—I never heard it—I have not consulted him about getting this case up—I was advised by him to go to Mr. Humphreys—there was an action brought against me for dilapidations—I had above 100l. to pay—the prisoner had money of a customer of mine that was owing to me to pay that—he did not get money from other parties that I am aware of—I remember being obliged to borrow 20l. to pay my workmen—I know that he has paid sums of money without their being entered by him as paid; and I know that he has received money which would more than cover it—I know he paid 5l. 17s. 6d., 7l. 12s. 6d., and 14l. 6s. 10d.

COURT. Q. Do you know of these sums being paid? A. Yes, the 14l. 6s. 10d., I paid 10l. of it myself in Thames-street—he has not put that in the book as paid.

MR. DOANE. Q. Do you not know of many other sums he has paid that do not appear in the book? A. No, he has not—I know he has paid 10l. to Longmore, of money that has been received by him—I have known him to receive money out of which he has paid those items, and that he has not put down—there is no-entry on the other side Longmore's account.

COURT. Q. Was the money he paid, more than the money received by him? A. I should say not.

MR. DOANE. Q. In this cash-book is an entry, "cash 35l.," without a name, can you tell me what it refers to? A. That is his own writing—it is cash he received from different persons, and there are items on both sides not entered—I would not swear in every case in which he received and paid money that what he paid was less than what he received—I believe I have not called upon him as lately as the coronation to pay any workmen—I remember Hyde-park fair—I did not then borrow of Mr. Hopper a sum of money, nor did any body to my knowledge.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Does this account come down to 1836?—A. Yes; part of it—here he charges himself with receipts on one side, and disbursements

on the other—he has been frequently requested to keep up this cash-book since then—I have myself been very unwell, and been obliged to live at some distance, and I desired him to keep the books, as he did before—he has received and paid money, and has occasionally accounted to me, but not in writing—he has never said, that he had received these three sums, but in August he said one of them was not paid—here are many accounts headed, and without any entry of goods—here are headings in the day-book, and the work ought to have been carried out, but it is not—here is a heading in the book of the Strand Union account—there was work done for them, which was begun in the the latter end of March and finished in July, and there is not a particle entered of what was done for them—it was his duty to have put it down—I have no means of telling what I have to charge them.

Cross-examined. Q. Here is merely the heading for a subsequent account? A. Yes, there were a number of men employed for about three months, and application has been made by the clerk of the Union for the account, which could not be furnished.





WILLIAM COGDELL
 (police-constable C 66.) I took the prisoner—I found some papers about him, and, amongst others, this letter from Mr. Ness—(read)
" Sir,—If you will send me a receipt for your account, 6l. 7s. 1d., I will give you a cheque. Your obedient servant, JAMES NESS."
(Robert Elton, a farrier; George Gregory; and J. Bennett a fruiterer; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
