




1362. 




WILLIAM HALEY, alias
 Midmer

, and 




JOSEPH KILMAN
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
14th of April, 51lbs. weight of lead, value 12s. 6d., the goods of 



William Suter; and that 



William Haley had been before convicted of felony.






ROBERT BLYTH
. Mr. William Suter is building a Urge house at Greenwich—there is a yard there—there had been some lead there—when the officer came I missed some of it—I was satisfied that it was part of Mr. Suter's when I compared it—I do not know the prisoners.





GEORGE BROOMFIELD
. I am an apprentice to Mr. Coxhead. I saw the two prisoners on the Friday evening near the Nursery at Greenwich, close to where I reside—I cannot positively swear that the prisoners were the two I saw come up, but I saw two persons—I have no doubt they were the two—I saw them lodge some lead on the wall—I came out and lifted the lead down—I do not know what became of them—I went and got a policeman, who took the lead.

Haley. Q. Can you swear it was me? Witness, I cannot positively, but you have the same dress on—I first saw you pass the George tavern.





STEPHEN MATTHEWS
. I am a policeman. I went and found the lead, and we stood up there about two hours—we did not take the prisoners till about half-past five o'clock in the morning—I did not see the prisoners come up—I found a knife on one of them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)





GEORGE M'MILLAN
. I am a policeman. In the morning, between twelve and one o'clock, I had information that a quantity of lead had been stolen by two young men—I stopped about till about daylight—the prisoner Kilman came in the morning, and was searching about Walker's court, where this lead had been found—I took him and asked him what he was doing—he said, "Nothing"—I said, "Where is your partner?"—he said he was in bed, and was anxious to go and call him—I said, "No"—4 gave him to my brother officer, and I went to the room, where I found Haley in bed, asleep—I awoke him—he got up and asked who sent me to him—I said, "Never mind, it's all right"—he then said that his companion, naming him, had snitched upon him—he then said, "Has he told you of the three pieces of lead that he threw into the cellar?"—I said, "He has told

me a good deal about you"—I went to the cellar, and found these three pieces of lead.

Haley's Defence, I was going past the George and saw Broomfield—I bad not seen him since he went to Maidstone, but I did not touch the lead—I only went to see where he went to—I then turned out and went to East-lane—I went home and went to bed—at half-past five o'clock the officer came and took me.

Kilman's Defence. I went to call on Mrs. Rose to go to work, and the officer came up the steps and startled me—he said, "How did you fly the pigeons last night?"—I said I had not done so for two years—he said, "Blue pigeons"—I did not know what he meant.





JAMES ALLEN
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner Haley's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office (read),—the prisoner is the person.

HALEY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

KILMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
