





1253. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of January
, 2 sovereigns
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Gaynor
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  GAYNOR
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gaynor
               



             - he keeps the Queen's Head, in Duke's-court, Bow-street, opposite Covent Garden Theatre


. The prisoner was a stranger - I had never seen him to my knowledge till the 18th of January, when he came with a woman of the town: he came to the bar between nine and ten o'clock, I should think, and said he wished to speak to me in private - I went to the bar door; he said he wished to speak to me in private, and I then opened the door and he came into the bar - he then took a watch from his pocket, said he was in company he did not like, that he had some valuable property about him, and asked if I would take charge of it for him till the morning; I said I should have no objection if he would call for it himself in the morning, and he said he would - he then put what I supposed was a valuable watch and seals into my hand; he did not say that it was gold, but he said he had valuable property - I took it into my hand, and I thought, and still think, it was a gold watch, chain, and seals; he then asked if I would give it him back, and give him a piece of paper to wrap it in - I gave it him, and a piece of printed paper; he went into a little room adjoining the bar to wrap it in it - he then asked me for another piece of paper like that, (it was a printed circular,) I gave him another, and he said he would put that into his pocket, to produce it on the morrow, when he came for the watch - he then gave me the watch in the paper, and I put it in a little drawer which I had in the bar; he then came and said, "Mrs. Gaynor, will you oblige me with a couple of pounds, I am out for the night, and I don't think I have sufficient money with me:" I do not consider that I lent him the money on the strength of the watch, but I lent it him on the supposition that when he came for the watch he would return it to me - I certainly should not have lent the money unless the watch had beendeposited with me; he then asked for a small glass of brandy, which my sister served him with, and I was rather doubtful, and thought I ought to have looked at the watch before I lent the money: I took it out of the drawer, and stepped back into the passage to see if it was the same as he had shown me - directly I opened it I felt convinced that it was not the same; the moment the prisoner saw me take it out he was off - he went away directly; I sent in every direction, but could not find him - I found in the paper the watch which I now produce, which I do not suppose is worth 1s.
Q. Are you enabled to say positively, or otherwise, whether this is the watch he first produced to you? A. It is my conviction that it is not, but upon my oath I would not say it is not - the prisoner ran quickly out of my house - I gave every information, but he was not taken till the 22nd of May.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q.What is your husband? A. He is a publican
, and very likely you may have heard of him in the ring: he was not at home when this happened - the prisoner had been two or three times to the bar, and had a small glass of brandy, and part of a glass of brandy and water before this happened - I had not taken any with him; I think the first time he came was between seven and eight o'clock; I think I had the watch between ten and eleven - I had seen the woman before come to the bar to drink; I thought the prisoner might be respectable - he was very well dressed; I did not have the watch an instant before he asked me to return it - the gas was burning at the time: from the momentary glance I had of it I considered it a valuable watch - I could feel the weight of it - he asked me for a piece of paper, and I gave him a piece - he said, "This is a bill, if you will give me a counterpart I will produce it to-morrow" - he then wrapped the watch in paper and I deposited it in the drawer - not a syllable had then been said about his wanting to borrow money; I received it without any condition, as something valuable which he was to call for - when he asked for the two sovereigns he said, "When I call for the watch in the morning, I will return them you;" I should think this watch is not gold - I have had the watch by me these six months; I cannot swear whether this mourningring, which hangs to it, is gold - I do not consider this fancy ring to be gold.
COURT. Q.But for the deposit of the watch you would not have advanced the 2l.? A. No.
ROBERT BANKS. I keep the Wrekin tavern, in Broad-court. On the 22nd of May the prisoner came to my house - I had known him before; he produced a watch to me -I had happened to be at Mr. Gaynor's at the time he left the watch there, and knowing that I detained him - he offered a watch to me for 1l.; I told him I never did any thing of that kind - I locked the door, and sent for Mr. and Mrs. Gaynor; the prisoner tried to go out.
Prisoner's Defence. If it had been a gold watch, would it have been a case of felony? I borrowed the money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
