






1924. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CROFT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of September

, 1 spoon, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Frank Godman 
                  Capel
               



            ; and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FLEMING
                  , alias 
CONNELY





             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  SARAH 
                  GALE
               



            . I am cook to Frank Godman Capel, of Nottingham-street, Marylebone



. The prisoner Croft was in the habit of coming to the house, to go on errands, but was not regularly employed. On the 23rd of August, about one o'clock in the day, I had this spoon in use in the kitchen; I saw Croft standing by the kitchen door, about six o'clock, and about nine I missed the spoon - I found it at the office next morning.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PIKE
               



            . I am a stone-mason, and my sister is housekeeper to Mr. Capel. Having been informed that Croft had made a confession, I went to him, and asked where the spoon was - I did not make him any threat or promise; he told me that a boy, named 
               
                  James 
                  Connely
               



            , was offering it for sale for him, at the corner of Peter-street, and the boy had told him the party had detained the spoon - I went to Peter-street; no spoon had been offered there - I went with Croft to Stingo-lane; he gave me a description, by which I found Fleming.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  ETCHELLS
               



            . I am a Policeman. Pike applied to me, and I took Croft, who gave the account Pike has stated; he said Connely told him to bring him any thing that was silver, and he could sell it for him; I wentto Edwards'-place, Seymour-place, where Fleming lived, and Clark brought Fleming to me, with the spoon in his hand.


                  CHARLES 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a Policeman. I heard Croft's description of the boy; I was going up Crawford-street, and saw Fleming running as hard as he could, with another person; I took him, and found the silver table-spoon in his left hand, which I saw him take from his pocket, wrapped in a green cloth - I took it from him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Croft's Defence. I was putting some shavings away in the cellar, and found this spoon - I cleaned it, and asked this boy to mind it for me till morning, when I meant to return it.
Fleming's Defence. He came to me, and said he had found the spoon in the vault - he did not know whether it was silver, but if it was he would take it back in the morning, and asked me to mind it for him, as he did not want his father and mother to know it; in the morning the Policeman came and made a noise about it - I came out, and ran across Crawford-street; the Policeman came up, and I gave it to him.
CROFT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Fined One Shilling
            , and Discharged.
FLEMING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
