




1309. 




ELLEN BOTTOMLEY
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
22nd of April, 1 apron, value 4s.; 5 pillow-cases, value 7s.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 8s.; 2 cravats, value 3s.; 9 towels, value fit.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 sheet, value 4s.; 5 knives, value 3s.; 3 forks, value 1s.; 1 coverlid, value 2s.; 2lbs. weight of candles, value 1s.; 1lb. weight of stone blue, value 1s. 6d.; 1lb. weight of powder blue, value 4s.; and 2 table-cloths, value 10s.; the goods of 



John Smith, her master; and





ELIZABETH BOTTOMLEY



for feloniously receiving the tame, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.





ANN SMITH
, I am the wife of John Smith, a surgeon, of Goswell-street. The prisoner Ellen was in my employment for nearly two years—I had very great confidence in her—she left about February, as she told me she was going to be married to a farmer in Yorkshire—I had missed an innumerable quantity of things for a year and a half—I spoke to her about the house-maid, and asked her if she thought she was honest—she said, "I don't think the does the thing that is right;" and I parted with her, when she had lived with me about nine weeks—she did not go to Yorkshire—the other prisoner who is her mother lived in Featherstone-street, not far from our house—I heard that the mother had removed, and in consequence of some suspicions, I went to a house in Somers Town, with a policeman—the prisoner, Ellen was there, and the mother came in while we were there—we searched, and I found a pillow-case, this apron, two pocket-handkerchiefs, nine towels, and other things—I have no doubt they are mine—Elizabeth said, before they were found, that they had nothing but what was their own, and I was welcome to search—when the things were found, she told me the sheet and the dimity were hers—I have not the least doubt that they are mine—they are almost all my own work—she said they were not mine.


Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Have you any of your work on the sheet and dimity? A. Yes; mending which I believe is peculiar to myself—I cannot say when I last saw any of the things—I have not mused any so long as years ago—I could not swear that I have seen the sheet within eleven months—I took way some cravats, and two towels, and a handkerchief, which I returned, because I could not swear to them—some of these things have now the mark of I. E. B. on them, and mine is cut out—the 22 is left, but the name is cut out, and darned over.





JAMES BEANNAN
 (police-constable G 206.) I went with the prosecutrix and her son to Denton-street, Somers Town—I took the prisoners—in going to the station-house, Ellen asked what I thought the result would be—I said, "I think you have got yourselves into a sad mess—you deserve no pity"—she said, "I know I am guilty, but I hope they will have mercy on my poor mother"—while I was searching the house, I heard the mother say to Mrs. Smith, "Pray don't prosecute us—have mercy on us."





ANNA COLLINGHAM
. I am the female-searcher at the station-house in Featherstone-street. On Saturday, the 22nd of April, the two prisoners were brought there—Elizabeth had something in her hand—I asked what she bad got in her hand—she said it was a little money—I said, "Put it down on the table"—she put down this little box—when I had done searching her, she asked me for the box—I said it was more than my duty to give the box back again—she said, "Oh, we are done"—she asked me what I thought would be done to them—I said I did not know—nine duplicates were in the box—after I had searched Ellen, she said she knew she bad acted wrong, and she knew she deserved punishment; she was sure she should be transported, but she hoped they would have mercy on her mother.





ARTHUR JOHN NORTH
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a table-cloth, pledged on the 8th of April by the prisoner Ellen.

ELLEN BOTTOMLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.

ELIZABETH BOTTOMLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 65. 



Transported for Seven Years.
