





1594. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     HANTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of June
, 1 watch, value 12s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Hanton
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  HANTON
               



            . I am a widow
, and live in Richard's-buildings, Paul's Head-alley, Red Cross-street


. The prisoner is my son - he lived with me about three months ago- I went out on Sunday, I think it was the 26th of June- I missed my watch from my mantel-piece in the month of June - I had locked the door when I went out, and found it locked when I came back - I saw the prisoner some days afterwards, and charged him with taking it - I said, "Where is it, and what did you get on it?" - he said, 6s. - I said,"Give me the ticket," and he gave it up - he neither denied taking it, nor said he had got it - being my son, I did not like to give him in charge.
Prisoner. She found the ticket in my trowsers when she searched them - I did not give her the ticket. Witness. He gave it me in my own apartment.


                  ROBERT 
                  MASTERS
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. Walker, a pawnbroker, in Aldersgate-street, I produce a watch which was pawned on the 26th of June, by a man, for 6s. - I cannot identify the prisoner - the duplicate produced is the counterpart of the one on the watch, and is in my handwriting.


                  HENRY 
                  BRUMMETT
               



             (police-constable G 118). I went to the Barking Dogs, Tabernacle-walk, on the 5th of September, and took the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  CHAMBERS
               



             (police-constable G 7). I was with Brummett when the prisoner was apprehended on another charge - I produce the duplicate the witness has identified - I got it from the prisoner's sister.


                  MARTHA 
                  HANTON
               



            . I am the prisoner's sister. I got the duplicate from my mother on the 5th of September - my brother broke open my box, and has been tried in the New Court yesterday for it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I found the duplicate in the house, and put it in my pocket for safety.


                  MARY 
                  HANTON
               



            . I am positive he said he got 6s. on it- he said he would get it out when he had work to do - I believe he must have taken it before he left, which was just before I went out.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .(See page 795.)
