



58. 




CHARLES ULYET
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of November, 1 half-crown, 6 shillings, and 1 sixpence; the monies of 



Alexander Mackay, from the person of 



Helen Mackay.







HELEN MACKAY
. I am the wife of Alexander Mackay, a piano-fortemaker—he lives in Little Drummond-street, Euston-square—I got into an omnibus, to go to the Bank, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, on the 4th of November—when I got in I sat on the right-hand side, going down the New-road—I sat two from the door—the prisoner was in the omnibus when I got in—he made room for me to sit by his side—he sat the third on my right hand, on the same side—I wore my pocket on the side next to him—I had a shawl over my gown—after I had been in about two minutes I felt a touch at my pocket—I had some keys in my pocket—I felt them pressed against me—I was putting my hand to my pocket, when I felt a second touch, and the prisoner directly said to the conductor that he wanted to get out, and told him to stop—I found that my pocket had been picked, and I said "You have robbed me"—my money had been in a purse—the money was taken out, and the purse put back, and it was the putting it back that I felt—I had known it was safe not one minute before I got in—I have sometimes found the snap of the purse loose—there was in it one half-crown, six shillings, and one six-pence—I lost it all—I gave the prisoner into custody—when I detained him, another man with a cloak on, who had been sitting opposite the prisoner, left the omnibus—I was the last person that got in—I said I had lost 9s. 6d. at first, but when I counted it up, I had the odd halfpence of the sixpence in my pocket—I had 9s. exactly, I am sure, when I got in—I had this money about me before I got in, and I had 2 1/2 d. in my pocket—one of the shillings I had was a new shilling—the prisoner was searched by an officer directly he was taken to the station-house, and the exact sum that I had in my purse was found in his waistcoat-pocket—one sixpence, one half-crown, and six shillings—the prisoner said, when I accused him of robbing me, he would rather give me all the money he had on him than be exposed—he would give me 5l. if he had it—this is the money—I believe it to be the money I had—the bright shilling is among them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You are not going to swear to this shilling? A. No—I had had change in a public-house about an hour before—after I counted what I had spent out of the half-sovereign, I found that I had but 9s. left—I had got some beer, and the rest I spent for bread—I lost exactly 9s.—that was all the prisoner had about him, as far as I saw—he might have more—I said I had lost 9s. 6d. before it was found, till I counted what I had—I said 9s. 6d. or 9s.—I was not certain—I bought a pint and a half of beer, and some bread out of the shilling—the beer came to 2 1/4 d—the bread was 4 1/2., and I had 2 1/4 d. or 2 3/4 d. in my pocket—I gave my husband 3d., because I might not be home when he wanted beer—I was going to see a friend at Austin Friars, and I thought of bringing some tea and sugar from the City—I sat on the left side of the prisoner—he did not move from the other side to sit by me, that I saw—he might have done so—when I charged him with robbing me, he held some silver in his hand—I did not see what pocket he took it from—he said he would give me any thing rather than be exposed, as he was a gentleman, and he had done nothing of that sort—I am certain I had not forgotten to take up my money at the public-house—I had it in my purse the minute before I got into the omnibus.





MARY WETHERELL
. I am a widow, and a cowkeeper. I got into this omnibus with my daughter in the New-road—the prisoner came in after

us, and sat at the end seat, quite close to ray daughter—I did not see the prosecutrix come in, but the prisoner moved, and sat by her side—he was going out, and the prosecutrix said "You have robbed me"—he said, "How dare you accuse me?"—she said "You have robbed me, I had 9s., and you have taken it out, and put my purse back again"—the thief that sat next to me had robbed me—he said he would go, and he did—I lost 8s., 24l. in cheques, and my pocket-book.

Cross-examined. Q. The prisoner changed his seat, and went and sat by the prosecutrix? A. Yes—he had taken his station on the opposite side, at the further end of the omnibus—I think the prosecutrix is mistaken in saying he made way for her to sit by him—I think he moved after she got in—there were two or three persons in before I got in—the prisoner got in by himself—he passed me—whether the other man came in with him, I do not know—when the prosecutrix said "You have robbed me," the other man went out directly—the prisoner took some money out of his pocket—he dropped some, and picked it up.





JOHN CARPENTER
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner—the pro-secutrix said she thought she had lost 10s. 6d., but she would not be sure what it was—I took the prisoner to the station-house, and found 9s. on him—I cannot swear that this is the money I took from him, as I had other money, and put it all together, but I can swear that there was one half-crown among it.





ELISABETH CULLINGFORD
. I am the wife of James Cullingford. I do not know whether I gave the prosecutrix change, or another person.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
