





378. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LEVETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of January
, 2 puncheons, value 10s., the goods of the 
                     
West India Dock Company




                  , his masters
            .
MR. BODKIN conducted the Prosecution.


                  MICHAEL 
                  SAMUEL STOUT
               



            . I am a carman, and ply near the West India Docks


; I had known the prisoner some time, and he had twice employed me to carry two casks, and on the 4th January he asked me to carry two casks for him; he told me to go round to the rum gate; I did so, and went into the Export Dock; I there saw two puncheons, which I put into the cart, and the prisoner brought a pass for me to go out; I asked him if I should go to the office to get it signed; he said it was signed, and I might go with the cart directly; I gave the pass to the officer at the gate; he let me go, and I went, as I had been directed, to Charles-street, St. George's-in-the-East; just as I turned the corner of the street, the prisoner and Mr. White came to me; the casks were put into a shed, and I received half-a-crown for the cartage.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Where were the casks? A. In the Export Dock; the prisoner was not there when I put them into the cart, but he came just afterwards, and gave me the pass.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMAS MAYHEW
               



            . I am ledger clerk at the West India Dock; it is my duty to sign passes; this pass has my name on it, but it is not my writing; I gave no such pass that day.


                  JOHN 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a cooper; on the 4th of January I bought two rum puncheons of the prisoner; I paid him 10s. a-piece for them, which was a shilling more than they were worth; I had bought some of him before; I did not see these puncheons till they were in Charles-street, and they were put into a shed there; I gave the same casks to the officer.
Cross-examined. Q. I believe they took you into custody? - A. Yes.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FAIRBAIRNS
               



            . I am a constable of the West India Docks; I took the prisoner, who was at work on the rum quay; I told him it was for two casks which he had delivered on Saturday; he said he had not delivered any on Saturday, but, after a few minutes, he said he had; I asked him who wrote the pass - he said he had, as he had lost the original and the delivery order.


                  JOHN 
                  FOY
               



            . I am the principal of the police at the West India Docks; the prisoner was brought to my office; I asked him if he had sent two puncheons out on Saturday - he said he had that; Mr. Eddie, who, he believed, came from Messrs. Dunbar and Sons, had given him the delivery order, but he had lost it, and he had made the pass out himself, and he had delivered them to a carman, whose name he believed was Smith, but he did not know him, and had no idea of where he was going; I have seen the casks, and they belong to the West India Docks; they have our mark on them; there might have been a delivery order made for them without my knowledge.
MR. MAYHEW. There was no delivery order made that day to my knowledge: a pass is only good for the day it is made.


                  THOMAS 
                  EDDIE
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Duncan Dunbar and Son; I never gave any delivery order to the prisoner; I did not know him till I saw him at the office.
(Mr. Harrison, an officer in the West India Docks; Mr. Sturdy, and Mr. Martin, foreman coopers in the West India Docks; Mr. Parker, and Mr. Mingay, gave the prisoner a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
