




1685. 




WILLIAM MANN
 was indicted for

 stealing on the 
23rd of January, at 
Saint John South wark, 4 quarters of beans value 8s., the goods of 



Thomas Bax; and 





CHARLES MANN



 for feloniously and maliciously inciting the said Willaim Mann to do and commit the felony aforesaid.


MESSRS. ADOLPHUS and PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution..





THOMAS BAX
. I am a corn dealer, and live in Bishopagate street Within. I have a warehouse at No. 309, Wapping, and I have a stable in Worship street, where the prisoner, Charles Mann, lived in my employment—he lived in a house on the premises in worship street—he was my confidential a servant for many years, acting in my own business entirely as myself—his duty was to see my business conducted in every department, taking a general oversight with my self—on the 14th of January I purchased twenty quarters of beans of Messrs. Burkett—William Rapey, one of my carmen was to bring them home—on the 16th he was sent with the origineal order for six quarters, and one the 22nd he brought six quarters more home—he brought no more of them—eight were left behind—this attracted my attention, and I asked Charles Mann why the remainder of the beans lying at Burkett's were not fetched home el—they had been deposited at Bur ges's Wharf, at Horsely down—Charles Mann replied, "We have had them home, Sir"—I said, "Then why is not the book filled up, in which they should have been entered?—he said, "I do not know, Sir nut I will see to it"—I had the book at the time in the counting house—I asked him who brought them home—he said, "Castles, Sir, "who is one of my carmen—I sent Castles to Burgess 'next day; and, in consequence of what passe, Owen Carty came to me—he is a servant of Burgess', and I sent him to william Manu's house, in White cross street, in company with Rapey—this was on

the 14th of February I think—I saw William Mann at my house on the 9th of February, which was subsequent to my missing them—Harrison, my clerk, was present—I asked William Mann, "Have you had eight quarters of am all beans from Burgess, of Ahorsey down?" he Said, "No, Sir, I have not had any small beans of your's for four months"—I then remarked, "It is very singular, I have lost eight quarters of small beans, and I can find them no where "that was all that passed—the beans at Burgess's were small beans—William Mann is a corn-dealer, in White-cross-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You mad e a charge of a misdemeanor before the magistrate against William Mann, and he was held to bail? A. Yes, he was; I made the charge of stealing the beans, but I believe he was committed f or the misdemeanour—I apprehended William Mann very early in May, and Charles on the 3rd of 'February—I indicted Charles in the March session—I was then aware of the present transaction—I did not indict him for this transaction, but I preferred other indictments; to one of which he pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to two year's imprisonment—In May Sessions I indicted him again—I did not recommend him to mercy—but in answer to the counsel—I said, "I do not think it my place to press for severity—I though I did my duty in bringing him here"—subsequent information has altered my feelings—I knew of this transaction then, but it has not come to maturity—he has been in custody ever since that time—another resason for this prosecution is that I feel it due to my own character—my character has been traduced, by it being said the prisoner was not guilty, though he pleaded so and I found him to have robbed me to so much greater an extent than I knew of that time—he appeared to me penitent, and sorry or what he had done at the bar—since that his conduct has not shown him so—I hav enot the r reason to give—I have found fresh instances every week of Charles robbing me, from the 3rd of February, to the present time—I did not indict him in the April sessions, because transactions came to my knowledge in which William was concerned—some of those transactions were, according to the regular rule of business (of giving a person to months' credit,) the time had not expired, and it would be premature to charge William with robbery—If William had paid me the money within two months for the goods in question, I should not have been content to receive it after he had denied having received them—I had the conversation with him on the 9th of February—I waited, because there were several other robberies committed by the two parties, only a few days, before Charles was taken in custody—this was the very transaction I pointed out to William on the 9th of February; but there was another indictment—I had a right to bring what indictment I choose—there were many robberies committed a few days before Charles was; apprehended, and it was impossible for me to tell for two mothers whether William was honest or not; because, had he come forward, and in the course of time paid me for these goods, with which he was not charged buy his brother, but which he had, I should, of course, have thought Charles only guilty—part of them were the articles in question—I thought fit to wait till the two months had expired—I had no other reason than I have stated—Charles Mann has been in custody ever since February—I am not aware that he had any notice of this prosecution till after the bill was found—my solicitor can answer it best.

Q. Now has to a demand been made On you since the last prosecution, for monies which you hold of Charles Mann in you possess ion, and which is demeaned by the trustees? A. A letter has been sent from a solicitor at Cambridge, to my solicitor on that subject a few days before

I preferred this indictment—I should have prosecuted the prisoners independent of such a letter—I had about 390l. which stood to the credit of Charles in my books, when I prosecuted him—I was paying him interest for it—that money is still in my hands—about four weeks' salary was due to him, amounting to abut 20l—he has not had it—he robbed me of 80l. that month—I did dot owe him 70l. besides—there was 70l. in the cash box when he left—I presume it is mine—I t was remitted from his cousin from Huntington, about four days before his apprehension—I have ascertained that—I knew that at the last trial, but not before—the notes were traced—I knew it at the Mansion house s—I have see the letter which brought the money—he must have robbed me of it to lend it to his cousin—he has been in my service about eleven year—when he first came to me. I 10l. a year, and gave him 200l. in 1831, and from tha t time, he received 200l. a year, and 10l. in addition, I belive, at the end of each year. because I thought then he was a good servant—there was a hors e and gig of his on my premises when he was taken into custody—the gig is still there—I ordered the horse to be sold—I have got the money—the gig has never been used—he had no hay or straw on my premises, that I know of—all the hay and straw on my premises were my own—I charged him 20l. a year for the keep of his horse—I always deducted that when we settled—the 390l. was an accumulation of his income which he requested I would oblige him y keeping a t interest—I think I have a right to state that in 1827 I lent him 300l. to redeem the mortgage of his wife's annuity; he gradually discharged that half yearly, and finished it in 1830; and from that time to the present—he has been gradually accumulating at about the same rate—he told me his wife's annuity was 120l. a year, but I believe it has never exceeded 44l., for several years—there were eight loads of hay and clover in Nottage's yard, opposite my stable, that was mine; for my men, employed by the prisoner to unload it, will prove they saw him pay for it out of my iron chest—Nottage has since given it me, and I have sold it—I did not know this at the time I took him in custody—I learnt it within two or three days afterwards—I have not prosecuted him for that—I have never been officially applied to by the trustees for the money deposited in my hands—about the 12th of March, his brother, Edward Mann, Called on me, and told me, for the first that his brother wiliam ands himself were trustees for all Charles property; an he at that time acknowledge his brother had robbed me to a large extent—he did not demand the 390l. he wanted to know if I could settle the matter r with him—as his brother was prosecuted, whether I could not give up a portion of the property for the benefit of the family—I Said decidedly not—I said, "Edward Mann, expect you as a branch of the family, as a respectable man, to make me restitution to a large amount—all in your power"—I preferred my indictment it must be on the 3rd, 4th, or 5th of May—the first letter written to my solicitor I believe was not a demand for the money.

Q. Did not you know, from your solicutor in March last, or the week in April that he had been applied to for the money? A. It cannot be so early as March—I believe they had two letters; one I spoke to just now and perhaps they had previously, but I paid very attention to the letters—I believe they were answered without my directions, because they had my full instructions—I prefered this indictment the first week in May—I think theletters were pretty nearly together—my conduct has been

quite uninfluenced by those letters, or by any pecuniary motives—I stand here doing my duty to my fellow citizens, and for no other cause—I gave myself no trouble about the letter on the subject of the deed—I did not ask for a copy of it—I believe my solicitors did—I have never seen it, nor asked to see it.

Q. Now I ask you whether you yourself have not said that in order to vindicate your character from further imputation, you felt it necessary to prefer four more indictments against the man who is suffering at your suit, for two years? A. Yes, and I do feel it due to my own character—my object is not to press upon him—I shall leave it to the law to take its course—I have no objection to transport him if the law does it—I think he ought to be transported—my object is to punish him as far as the law will allow, because I think he deserves it richly—I have had no communication with him since he pleaded guilty—I received a letter form him—I disclaim any intention of avoiding pressure for the payment of the money—has I have stated before, there are many other transactions; and one of these indictments I knew nothing of till after his last trial—I knew of this, and have stated why I did not prosecute before.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long has William Mann dealt with your house? A. About there years—I should think he has had dealing with us to the amount of 800l. or 1000l. a year—I never knew but one instance of selling for cash to him—It is difficult to say whether he always had a receipt for it was his invariable practice to bring his money to his brother on Monday or Tuesday, when I was at market—I have seen money paid by him without a receipt being given, in one instance—I may have seen more—It is a very common practice to enter the payment in the cash-book before the party, and there is an end of the business—It is very likely I may have received 61l. 18s.; 9d.; from William, without giving him a receipt for it—I very seldom received money from him myself—this was after Charles was in custody—I believe, on the 14th of February, I sold William Mann beans to the amount of 6l. 12s.,—It was three quarters, of small beans; and either I or my clerk sold him peas and other, things to the amount of 13l. 9s. 6d.; the same day—they were sold at my house; and it was when these goods were sent, that Carty was sent with them—on the 16th I sold him goods to the amount of 4l. 16s.,; and on the 19th, to the amount of 2l. 10s—none of these bills of parcels are receipted—I have no doubt they have been paid—on the 12th of March he paid me 111l. 8s., the balance of goods sold—this receipt corresponds with my ledger—that sum, I believe, balance the ledger, as it stands open; I having at that time refused to serve him any longer—I believe it pays for all the goods charged in my ledger, but not for those which are not charged—I had not heard of any application from the solicitor about the trust-deed at the time I refused to deal with him—I had heard nothing about the trustees, except from Edward Mann—they had not claimed the horse and gig—Edward had told me they were trustees; but he made no claim—he acted as a man ought to act—I thing the first letter from the solicitor was early in April—the conversation with Edward was about the 12th of March—I had refused to serve William any more, some time previous to the payment—I indicted him about six weeks after the last payment.

Q. Have you not said that the reason why you did not indict William at the time, was because you wanted to get your money from him, which he owed you, (the 111l. balance)? A. I have said, decidedly that I should

not do it till after I received his account as it stood in my ledger; stating., as a reason, that I had already been plundered of enough, without losing that; and I waited full two months after I took his brother up, as some of the depredations were committed a few days previously—I indicted him at the next sessions, after, the time had expired—I believe the goods in question were delivered on the 23d of January; but there were transactions subsequently.

Q. Between your receiving the 111l. and the time in May when you indicted, had you not been threatened with an action from the trustees to give up the property? A. No. my solicitors had a letter, but I think was not threatened with an action—they had a letter stating that proceeding would he taken to recover the money, or something of that kind—It was after I received that intimation that I preferred this indictment—It is justice to myself to state, that I believe I never read the last letter—this bill is Charles Mann's writing—here is on quarter of beans, which I spoke about; the price is small beans—this was on the 6th of February—I received the money for that—I believe it was 61l. 18s)—there are two items of beans; one quarter of large, and one small—these were sold to William it is dated the 6th of January—Charles Mann had full authority to write an order to Burgess's wharf for the goods—an order for eight quarters was produced before Sir John Key, at the Town-hall—It was in Charles Mann's writing if it had not been, he would have had nothing to do with it.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You have been asked at preferring indictments, and so on; in all you did, did you confine yourself to the advice of your solicitors? A. Entirely so as to the mode of proceeding—when Charles Mann entered my service, I belive he was in destitute circumstances—he presented himself to me—he was married at that time, and had three children; she has now four—I advanced his salary his gradually, up to 200land the last four years I gave him 10las a present—he paid rent for his residence at my stable—I know of no other means he had of gaining money, except his wife's annuity of from 32l. to 40l—when I came to examine my accounts I found a deficiency far beyond 390l. and 70l.—full double that amount in the last year—It is not from the slightest fear of what any body can do to me, by virtue of the assignment, that I come here to-day—the bills produced to day on the prisoner's behalf, are entered in my accounts and form part of the 111l. which he paid.





SAMUEL GREENACRE
. I am Foreman to Messes Burgess, of Horsleydown, in Surrey. I have an order which was brought by some man with a cart—here is the original order, by Mr. Burkett—the original, order was brought to me first—It was for the twenty quarters—then this order came for the eight quarters—the twenty quarters came into our possession by Burkett's' order, which his man brought—In consequence of the order for the eight quarters, I directed Owen Carty to deliver them.

MR. BAX
re-examined The name "C. Mann," to the order for the eight quarters, is Charles Mann's writing—the order is his writing—I have seen Mr. Burkett write many times—this is the handwriting of John Burkett, jun.—It is the original order given to me for the beans.





OWEN CARTY
. I am the employment of Messrs. Burgess, and have been so fourteen or fifteen years—I know William Mann—I remeber delivering him four quarters of beans on a Friday the latter part of January, by Greenacre's' direction—delivered him four quarters more three or four days after, by Green acre's's direction.





WILLIAM LUDGATE HARRISON
. I am clerk to Mr. Bax I was present

at the conversation he had with William Mann, on the 9th of February; he asked him whether he had had any small beans from Burgess's wharf, as he missed eight quarters and could not tell what had become of them—he said "I have not had them—I have not had any small beans for upwards of four months. "





HENRY AVERY
. I am book-keeper to Mr. Bax. If any article was purchased at the shop on credit, it was the business of Charles Mann to enter it in the day-book—there is no entry of these eight quarters of beans as being sold by charles to William Mann—I have the books here—there is no such entry in the day book or ledger—I have searched them particularyly—(orders read.)—"14th of January Messrs. Burgess, deliver to Thomas Bax, 20 quarters of beans by Whittingham. John Burkett"—"Messrs, Burgess, Please to deliver, per cart Ray, 8 quarters of my beans, for Thomas Bax. C. Mann. 1 21 35. "





OWEN CARTY

cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did not Mr. Greenacre, your employer, see the person who brought the order for these things? A. Very likely he might, as he received the order from him—I was asked at the Town-hall if I could recollect the month in which this took place—I recollect the month, but not the date—I had not seen William Mann from the time I delivered the goods till I saw him in Whitecross-street—I can neither read nor write—I recollect the day very well—I perhaps make thirty or forty deliveries in a week—I am sure William Mann is the man who came that Friday—It was the first month in the year—I told the Magistrate so, but I did not know what day it was—I recollect it; for when I delivered the eight sacks, I turned a ninth out of the I loop-hole, and he said, "I can't take anymore "—I had a great deal of trouble to haul the sack back into the loop hole—I abused him for giving me that trouble, and by that I recollect him—I delivered them to him on two occasions—I took partitular notice of him—he only took four quarters at that time.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you express to the Magistrate the slighest doubt of William being the person? A. I did not—I went to the premises to see him ten or twelve days after he received the beans—I then remembered his being the man I had abused, for giving me the trouble—I am certain of him.

William Mann's Defence I have dealt with Mr. Bax several years, and have paid in several hundred pounds—my brother generally made the sales, and received the money—I sometimes bought at the counter, and paid a the time—at other times I gave orders, and the goods were sent home—It frequently happened that two or three purchases would be included in one invoice; and I paid the money in a lump—having every confidence in the prosecutor and my brother, I did not take receipts, nor can I at this time give any precise explanation as to the precise quantity of goods—It appears Mr. Bax at the time I paid the balance, knew of the transaction, and was then prepared as well as now, to proceed against me, had he thought me the guilty party—Indeed, he admits, after making the discovery, he continued to sell goods to me and receive money, and declime prosecuting me till I paid him off 200l. which I owed him and most of which I borrowed—I belive no charge would ever have been preferred, if my brother's wife's solicitor the money belonging to my brother in his hands, which was assigned to me as trustee—I have no interest whatever in the deed—the solicitor, without consulting with me, negotiated with the prosecutor's agianst me, to prevent any action being brought on the deed—I declare I paid for all the goods I received.


Charles Mann's Defence. My brother never saw the order
(Edward Jones, oil merchant, Tooley-street: Peter Rayner, hay salesman, Cannon-street-road; John Hook, hay salesman, Whitechapel; George Greenland, licensed victualler, Whitecross-street; Thomas Gray, baker, Whitecross-street; Ebenezer Connell, potatoe dealer, Whitecross-street; John Marsley, butcher, Whitecross street; William Young, pork-butcher Whitecross street; William Hawkesley, cheesemonger, Whitecross-street; James Brazier, baker, Milton-street; John Howett, Whitecross-street; John pearson, greengrocer and cheesemonger, Barnet-street, Bethnal-green; gave the prisoner, William Mann, a good character.

WILLIAM MANN—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.

CHARLES MANN—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.




Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Littledale.

