





1002. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of March
, 13 live tame rabbits, price 12s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel Stephen 
                     Page
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  PAGE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Stephen
               



             Page; we live in Cross-street, City-road


 - we keep rabbits
. On the 11th of March I fastened them up in hutches, and the next morning I went to feed them, and they were all gone- there had been thirteen of them in our yard, which is surrounded with pales and a wall; I went to several places, and while I was at one place, the prisoner brought in three of them for sale - there was another person with him, who ran away; I said, "These are mine" - the prisoner said he had bought them of a man in the street, and had exchanged a dog for them; he was a stranger to me - I sent for an officer, and gave him into custody; I can swear to these three rabbits.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARD
               



            . I deal in rabbits and all sorts of poultry - I live in Willow-walk. On the 12th of March these rabbits were brought to me, about nine o'clock in the morning, by the prisoner: he asked me to buy them - I offered him 5s. for them: he refused to take it, and went away - in about an hour he returned, and asked if I would give another 1s.; I said No - he then said I should stand a pot of beer, but I refused; the prosecutrix then came in, and claimed them.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going up Church-street, and bought the rabbits of a man who I met - I had a spaniel dog with me; he asked if that was for sale - I said "Yes, for 15s.;" he said if I would take a crown and these three rabbits, I might have them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
