






287. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     FITZGERALD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JOHNSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Day
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAY
               



            . I am a solicitor
. I was in Oxford-street


 on the 30th of December, about half-past five o'clock, near the Pantheon; I heard a noise behind me; I turned, and saw Fitzgerald just behind me, in custody of a person - I saw my handkerchief in his hand; I took it, and began to punish him, but the person who had him told me to desist, and said he was an officer - I did not see Johnson.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am an officer. On the Sunday evening in question, I was returning from the City with a friend - I saw the prosecutor cross Oxford-street, and the two prisoners ran after him: when he got on the pavement, Fitzgerald went up and took the handkerchief out of his pocket; Johnson was by him at the time - they were in company together: I seized Fitzgerald, with the handkerchief - Johnson ran off but I called to my friend, who caught him, and brought him to the station-house.


                  JOHN 
                  DAWSON
               



            . I am a mason. I was with this officer, and saw him take Fitzgerald with the handkerchief in his hand; but I had not seen it taken from the prosecutor - Johnson ran off - I caught him.
FITZGERALD - 

               GUILTY
            .* Aged 15.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            .* Aged 13.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
