






283. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     FLANNER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DULLAGE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
, 1 musical-box, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Back
                  




               
            .
GEORGE BACK. I am an importer of musical-boxes
, and live in Leadenhall-street


. This box was in the window on the 18th of December; about half-past five o'clock in the evening the prisoners both came into my shop together, and asked for a watch-key; my boy showed them a quantity; I was in the back parlour, and could see their persons - they went out; the box was then safe, about two yards within the shop in the window; about half-past eight o'clock the prisoners returned to the shop - I served them then; they said they had bought a watch-key, about half-past five o'clock that evening, and the boy promised them to change it if it did not fit; I took the keys out of the window, and endeavoured to serve Flanner; he wanted a smaller key than the one he brought, and that was one of the very smallest - I took the whole quantity of keys out; he excited my suspicion by his anxiety to engage my attention - I heard a noise behind me at the window; I looked round, and saw Dullage close to the sash - I asked if he had taken any thing from the window - he said he had not, and then Flanner said he was sure he had not, that he was merely looking at the toys in the window - I did not miss any thing at first, but on looking under a work-box I missed this musical snuff-box; I immediately called my boy, and sent him for a constable - the shop door was closed at the time; in the mean time Dullage got behind Flanner - I looked round at Flanner, and saw Dullage in the act of drawing the box from under his coat; he then said he merely took it to look at - I took it from him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am a ward-officer. I took the prisoners in charge - Mr. Back gave me the box; Flanner said Dullage had been looking at it, and it was very hard that he (Flanner) should be taken up.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Dullage's Defence. Flanner had nothing to do with the box, and I only had it in my hand to look at - I never thought of stealing it.
Flanner's Defence. I did not know he had got it; I believe he had no more idea of stealing it than my Lord, who sits there.
MR. BACK. Flanner wanted a smaller key; he turned every one aside that I chose for him, took up several larger ones, and asked if they were not smaller, to engage my attention - he had brought no watch to fit.
FLANNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
DULLAGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 11.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
