






2059. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FROST
                  




               
             & 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     SHELDRICK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of August
, 2 quarts of wine, value 5s., 1 quart of brandy, value 5s., and 3 bottles, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lloyd
                        




                     
                   and another
            .
MR. PHILLPS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I was in the service of Messrs. Lloyd and Hoskins, wine-merchant
s, in Cannon-street. On the 20th of August, Sheldrick called and left orders for some wine, which I communicated to Mr. Lloyd.


                  JOHN 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am of the firm of Lloyd and Hoskins. On the 20th of August, when I returned home, Collins told me of this order; and between five and six o'clock that evening, the prisoner Sheldrick called and expressed his surprise that the wine had not been sent down, which he ordered in the morning; I said he need not be surprised, as it was the custom of our house not to send wine or spirits to any one unless we knew them - he said, "I understood you knew Mr. Frost, he became security to you for 30l.;" I said, Yes, he did, but we should not trust him the more for that- he said, "He is a young man who employs twenty or thirty men, and if you send the wine down it will be paid for, as he has a party of friends coming, who have promised him a good order, and he wishes to have it;" the order was for two dozen of port, two dozen of sherry, and two gallons of brandy - I said, "On the understanding that the money will be ready, I will send it at seven o'clock, but you had better tell him to be prepared with the money, otherwise I shall tell the man to bring it back."
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. You receivedthe order from Sheldrick alone? A. He left the order - I saw him in the evening; our solicitor had inquired into Frost's character when he became the indorser of a bill at our house, and was satisfied.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEIGHBOUR
               



            . I am porter to the prosecutors. I was sent, on the 20th of August, to the prisoner Frost's, in Kingsland-road


, with two dozen of port, two dozen of sherry, and one dozen of brandy - I do not know the number of the house, but it is at the corner of a turning; neither of the prisoners were there when I got there, but in about ten minutes Frost came in - it is a plumber's and glazier's shop, and the name of Frost and Co. is over the door - I asked Frost if his name was Frost; he said Yes-I said I had some goods for him; he said, "Very well, bring them in;" I gave him the bill, and said I should not leave them without the money - he said, "Very well, it is no consequence, my clerk has got a 60l. note in his pocket;" on that account I let him take out the dozen of brandy - he took it into the counting-house, and began to unpack it; I said it was a curious place to unpack wine in - he said his lady was out, and he could not get into his house, or he should not do it - I asked him again about the money, and he said he would fetch his clerk in, who had the note; he went out, and Sheldrick came in, began to unpack the wine, and he broke one bottle of sherry - he said, "This is quite an accident, we will drink this;" I said, "I shall not drink any of it" - he said, "I dare say my master will scold; I shall say it was an accident, and you must say the same" - Frost then came in, and Sheldrick said he had had an accident, and asked him if he had a glass; Frost said,"You know I have not, for I can't get in;" he sent a man to borrow a glass - a publican came in with one in his pocket; they drank the wine, and wanted me to have some, but I would not - Sheldrick then said they would have another; Frost was by at that time - I said there should be no more wine drank till I had my money -Sheldrick went and brought another bottle of sherry from the counting-house; I was in the shop - the counting-house is at the back of the shop, and there is a partition between them - I persevered, and got the bottle of sherry from Sheldrick; Frost was by all the time - I put the bottle into my basket; Sheldrick then told me to remove; I said I would not till I had my money - the other person then went out of the shop, and Frost asked Sheldrick for the note - he pulled it out of his pocket; I said that was not money, and I should not take it; I would either have the money or the goods back again - Frost then said the wine was on his premises, and his property, and he would not give it up to me - I said I should not go out of the premises till I had got it; I sat down, talked to them, and said if I left the goods I should lose my situation - Frost said that did not concern him at all - in about a quarter of an hour Sheldrick said to him, "You had better shut up the shop;" Frost went out, put up the shutters, and Sheldrick fastened them inside - I was then left in the shop in the dark; Frost then came in to get another bottle - I refused to let him have it; he struck me, and knocked me over my basket - he then took my basket up, threw it out, and I called to the mob outside to take care of my basket; Frost then fetched a bottle of brandy out of the counting-house, and, I believe, a bottle of wine, but I did not see the wine; Sheldrick then 
               drew
             the cork of the brandy bottle with his teeth, and said, "What the devil is this?" they then went out at the back door, and waited some time - they then came in -Sheldrick left the shop, and Frost walked about, and said, "I have a little instrument here, called a crow-bar, and every man who enters my premises I will cut his liver out - and all that remain I will serve the same way;" I concluded by that he meant me; he still walked about, stamping the crow-bar about, and asked when I intended to leave the shop - I said I would lose my life before I would leave without the goods or the money - I still kept begging and praying of him to let me have the wine; and just at that time the Policemen came to the back door, which was then fast - I sung out, "You can't come in that way," and they came round to the front; Frost then said to me, "You may take the goods if you like" - I went on my knees into the counting-house, feeling for the wine and brandy; I got them into my basket just as the door was opened to the Police; and just at that time, a man came in, and said, he had been to Mr. Lloyd, and he was gone to Peckham; Frost said he would knock his b - y brains out; I do not know what became of the bottle of brandy which they took out at the back door; I missed that, and one bottle of wine, beside the one that was broken; I said I was two short - they said they knew nothing about it; I am sure it was correct when I delivered it - Sheldrick counted it, and found it so; I had not been put out of the premises - I was there about an hour and a half, or three-quarters; in the course of the time, Frost told me if I would sign a paper, I should have my goods; I said I would sign no paper, I would have my money or goods.
Cross-examined. Q. Did Frost tell you this before the brandy bottle was drawn? A. Yes, the bottle that was broken might have been an accident; at the time the brandy bottle was drawn, there was a mob round the house, and they were calling to me not to leave, as he was a bad character - Sheldrick said if they were to give them a glass of gin a-piece, they would turn on their side directly, and then they could soon clear the house altogether- I re-packed the bottles in the counting-house; I said at that time that I missed two bottles of sherry, and one of brandy, and to the best of my recollection, I told the Magistrate that I mentioned it then - Frost offered to go with me to Mr. Lloyd's; I said if I went, I should take the wine with me - I did not see the paper he wanted me to sign; Sheldrick unpacked the wine till he broke the bottle, and then I unpacked the rest; I never was struck with the crow-bar - it is such an articles as glaziers raise their lead with; I did not see Frost partake of any brandy - he took it out; I remained in the shop, and the wine was in the counting-house - I placed myself about the middle of the shop, facing the counting-house; the shop was shut, but I do not know whether it was done to preserve it from the violence of the mob - the mob collected when I was struck, and I think the shop was shut about eight o'clock; all the property, with the exception of the two bottles of sherry, and the one of brandy, are at the station-house; none of the mob came into the shop - I think only four persons came into the shop, and one they told me was a publican, who lived just by; I believe he was a man who kept a retail beer-shop - Sheldrick was gone before Frost told me I might take the goods back, but the bottle of brandyhad been drawn before then; I told them it was not their property.
COURT. Q. Tell us as near as you can, what was said at that time? A. Frost said he could not draw the cork, and Sheldrick said, "Let me draw it," and he drew it, and said, "What the devil is this? I can't tell," and he gave it to Frost, who took it out at the back door, and Sheldrick followed him; it was before that that Sheldrick had said if they gave them a glass of gin a-piece, they would turn on their side.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you give him permission to take out the brandy? A. No; I said they were doing very wrong, as it was my master's property.


                  AGUILLA 
                  LONGMAN
               



            . I live in White Bear-garden. On the 20th of August I was near Frost's house, and saw the carman drive this horse and cart up to the door; I heard the altercation between him and the prisoners, and saw the mob collect round the door; Frost then came to the door, beckoned to me and said, "I will give you a bottle of brandy or two, I will not be particular, if you can get the mob away while I get the man out" - I would have nothing to say to the brandy; but the carman sent me to Mr. Lloyd's; I went as fast as I could, and made haste back - when I got back Frost stood at the door, with an iron bar about two feet six long, and said, "If you enter my house, I will knock your brains out" - I saw the Policeman come, and the wine put into the cart.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HEARD
               



            . I am a labourer. I was opposite the house - Frost came to me at the back door, and said, "If you will be still, and keep the people quiet, I will give you a bottle of brandy."


                  WILLIAM 
                  COOK
               



             (Police-constable N 96). I went to Frost's house; when the door was open I saw Frost, but not Sheldrick - the mob was collected outside, who told me there was a wine-merchant's man who could not get his money, and they were afraid he would be ill-used; Frost said to me, "I want you to clear the mob away, and then you can go about your business;" I said, "I want to know what brought them together?" the carman then said, "I want you - he will neither let me take my wine away, nor yet give me my money;" I asked Frost the reason, and he said his master had got a bill of his for 30l.; the carman said he had not got a bill for thirty pence - the place was dark till I sent for a light; the man then missed two bottles of wine and one of brandy - I searched to find them, but could not; the carman then said, "I will give him into custody;" I took Frost, and on the day following I found Sheldrick in Hoxton; I asked him if he knew one Mr. Frost - he said, "What makes you ask the question?" I said, "It is a fair question;" he gave me no answer - I then asked if he knew any thing about wine or brandy - he said he had ordered some.


                  GEORGE 
                  KEMP
               



             (Police-constable N 82). Frost was in the lock-up place; a female, who represented herself as his wife, came and saw him - he handed her this paper, which I took - it is the invoice of the wine.
WILLIAM NEIGHBOUR. I had a receipt with me, but it was not signed - I should have signed it if I had received the money.
Sheldrick's Defence. Mr. Frost gave me the bill to take to a gentleman in 'Change-alley, to get discounted - they wanted me to leave it, but Frost told me not; I brought it back, and gave it to him, in the presence of the carman; I have a large family, and what I have done for Mr. Frost he paid me for.
FROST - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
SHELDRICK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
