



460. 




JOHN HENRY NIXON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th December, 7 1/4 yards of silk, value 1l.; 27 yards of linen cloth, value 1l. 17s.; 22 1/2 yards of merino, value 3l. 7s.; 4 pain of stockings, value 16s.; 48 yards of calico, value 14s.; 1 cloak, value 1l. 3s.; and 1 shawl, value 5s.; the goods of





Thomas Maddison White.


MR. DOANS
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS MADDISON WHITE
. I am a linen-draper, and carry on business in Blackman-street, Newington-causeway. Two or three days previous to the 1st of December, a person of the name of Parnell or Morton, presented himself to me as shopman, and I directed a letter to a person of the name of Hadwen, at Seven Oaks—I have not seen it since—I received an answer, and took Morton into my employ as shopman—I missed a vast quantity of property about the 16th—I have since seen a portion of these goods-we missed on the 16th one shawl and a piece of linen—they were all gone by the 16th—I had some conversation with Morton about the loss,—he accompanied me to No. 9, York-street, Westminster, very late at night—I found the prisoner there—I had not seen him before—when we arrived there Morton asked the prisoner where Mr. White's goods were—he denied all knowledge of it—Morton said he had told all, and the prisoner went up stairs and brought down four duplicates—they refer to property, part of which has been restored to me, and Nixon said he would send me other portions of the property—I afterwards received a packet containing other portions of the property, which is here, to the value of about 11l. or 12l.—the amount missed was about 40l.—I went again to Nixon to try to get more property back—he promised, but did not perform—I had held out no promises of pardon whatever to Nixon.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. What day did you first receive any thing back? A. On the 18th—I gave the prisoner into custody on Tuesday or Wednesday, the 19th or 20th—I had not given Morton into custody before that—I got the information from Parnell or Morton, by promising to forgive him—there are marks on these two handkerchiefs, land on this piece of silk—it has been in my house at least three months—is a remnant of about 7 1/2 yds.





ELIZABETH POULTER
. I reside with my parents at Seven Oaks; they keep the post-office. I remember seeing the prisoner once or twice last month—he came and inquired for a letter for Mr. Hadwen, of Seven Oaks—I found one corresponding to the direction, and gave it him—I never heard of such a person as Mr. Hadwen, a linen-draper there.

Cross-examined. Q. Is it your business to attend to the letters? A. yes, in part with my father—I have done so for the last six months—I have lived there all my life—a good many persons come for letters in the morning,. but not many strangers—we have nothing like 150 or 200 persons in a day—I should think not more than a dozen whose faces I do not know come in the course of a day—I do not know that I ever saw Nixon before that—I was asked about it about afortnightafterthe occurrence took place—I was brought to town, and saw the prisoner at Union Hall—he was. not pointed out to

me there—he was brought out into a little yard, with several others—I did not expressed a doubt about recollecting him, when I first saw him—I do not recollect that I said I did not know he was the person—I did not at first recognise him to be the person, but afterwards I did—I express, a doubt when I first saw him, and afterwards went to see another person who turned out to be Morton, but not for the purpose of recognising the prisoner.

MR. DOANE. Q. Have you the slightest doubt that the prisoner is the person who came for the letter? A. I am quite positive of it—there were full twenty persons when I first saw Nixon at the hall.





ALFRED PARNELL
. I applied to Mr. White to be taken into his employ—I think it was on the last day of November—I saw Nixon after that, and it was arranged that Mr. White was to write to Seven Oaks for my character, to be addressed to Mr. Hadwen—the letter was to be fetched by Mr. Nixon, and he was to write the answer to it; and when it was written I was to endeavour to get the situation by the character—I got into Mr. White's employ before the answer came, I believe—on the 15th of December, when the rest of the men were gone to dinner, the prisoner Nixon came to Mr. White's shop and brought an empty bag, and when he took it away it was full of Mr. White's property;—the whole of the property produced went on that day.





THOMAS GREATWOOD
. I am a messenger at the Queen's Bench. or Monday, the 18th of December, I saw the prisoner Nixon—he gave me a parcel to take to Mr. White's, and I delivered it there.





LEWIS ENSOLL
. I am in the employ of Mr. White. I received the packet from Greatwood that day.





ROBERT UPTON
. I am a police inspector. The prisoner was taken by my direction—I went to Seven Oaks, but could find no person there of the name of Hadwen.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
