



2009. 




MARY HOLLAND
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of July, 4 spoons, value 20s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 3s. 6d.; 1 counter-pane, value 5s.; 1 table-cloth, value 3s. 6d.; 2 pairs of boots, value 4s.; I blanket, value 2s.; 2 petticoats, value 2s.; 1 towel, value 6d.; and 1 napkin. value 3d.; the goods of 



Ann Lydia Lane.






ANN LYDIA LANE
. I am a widow, and live in Whitecross-place, Wilson-street. I get my living by hot-pressing—the prisoner has lived in the nighbourhood for some years—on the 16th of July she represented to me that she was in great distress, and asked permission to see a person who lay dead in my house-in passing from the parlour to the kitchen, she

said I had a great deal to do—I said I had—she said she should be happy to assist me—I said I did not want a person—she said she should be glad to do any thing; that her husband had turned her out, and she wanted a meal—I thought it very hard, and I allowed her to come to my house, and gave her food and employment—she continued there till the 18th—I then missed a spoon, and then several other articles; but I did not suppose them lost, because she was every meal thanking me for my kindness—I thought, having a young family of five orphan children depending upon me for support, that the things might be mislaid—I missed a great many articles, and on the 9th of August, I ascertained that the prisoner had taken some things—on the 10th I asked her about it—she denied it, and wished the Lord might strike her dead if she had robbed me—I said, "If you have ventured your body, do not venture your soul"—she said, there were other persons in the house—I said, "Yes; but they have been in the house a long time"—I then told her I had proved her to be a thief—after a great deal of talk she gave me some duplicates-while I was talking to her she absconded through the next house without a bonnet.





ANN COLLINGHAM
. I searched the prisoner in Featherstone-street station-house—on the 10th of August I found fourteen duplicates upon her—they relate to this property.





JAMES FRANCIS THOMPSON
. I am a pawnbroker. I have ten pledges which I took in of the prisoner mostly—I have a spoon, a petticoat, some holland, a towel, an apron, a pair of boots, a napkin, a handkerchief, another petticoat, a pair of sugar-tongs, salt-spoon, dessert-spoon, and table-spoon—they are not all my taking in-but I took in several of then from the prisoner.





GEORGE ATTENBOROUGH
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Crown-street. I have a pair of shoes, a blanket, and counterpane—I cannot say I took them from the prisoner; but these duplicates correspond with the articles.





SUSANNAH LANE
. I live with the prosecutrix, who is my mother.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not come into the passage when the spoon was pawned, and ask you where your mother was, and you said very likely she was gone to Bow-street; and I said, "Your mother gave me a spoon to pledge?" A. No.





WILLIAM BRILL
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner, and twelve duplicates were found upon her.





ANN LYDIA LANE
. re-examined. All this is my property—it is part of what I lost.

Prisoner. Q. On your oath, was not the first thing you gave me to pledge that silver spoon-you asked Mrs. Batty to pay you your rent—she said she must make the money to pay you, and then you gave me the spoon to pledge? A. No, I did not.

Prisoner. When I came in with the money for the spoon she was gone out, and I asked the little girl which way she went—I gave her the silver and the halfpence in the market. Witness. I never gave her any thing to pawn, and never had the money.

Prisoner. She gave me the halfpence, and brought home a leg of pork to dine with a tally-man that comes every other week to dine with her and then she went into the country-when she returned, she told me to get a leg of pork and some peas, and to make a currant pie—she left no money in the house—I said, "What am I to do?"—she said, "Do as boy can, as I took a counterpane, and got 5s.—her little boy

and another went with me to Mr. Chappell's, in Fore-street, and she came home the next morning intoxicated—the sugar-tongs she gave me the morning she was going into the country with a pot-boy—they offered me 3s. for them—I came back and said, "Mrs. Lane, Mr. Thompson won't give me but 3s. "—she said, "That won't do to go so many miles with," she got the damask cloths, and I went to Mr. Attenborough's, and got 3s. on each of them-and I went and bought half a pound of beef, a quarter of a pound of ham, and a quartern of shrub, and they took them with them—she came home next morning, and had breakfast and gin-and-cloves, and then she set off into the country again—then she saw a pair of old boots, and gave me the money to go and get them—she asked me for the tickets—I was washing a child, and said, "You are not in such a hurry"—she said "If you do not give me them this moment, I will chop your hands from your arms"—I did not mind her passion, because she had taken the toasting fork that morning, and beat her child all about the house because the cat broke the pie dish, and that was the game all day, till Mr. M'Gear, the tally-man, came, and then we were all ushered out of the room—I put down the account of the things I bought, and gave her child the paper, and said I had spent the money to the best advantage—she never asked where the things were got so long as she got them, and got the money to go into the country with that pot-boy.





ANN LYDIA LANK

re-examined. Q. Is it so? A. It is quite false—I never gave her authority to pawn any goods—there is no truth in her statement—there were twenty-six duplicates found—I took her out of Charity.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
