



2216. 




CHARLES BROWN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
15th of September, 5 handkerchiefs, value 30s., the goods of 



Edwin Augustus Marvin.






WILLIAM GATTRELL
. I lived with Edwin Augustus Marvin, a haberdasher, on Oxford-street; he has left the shop three weeks age—the prisoner came into the shop with another young man, and asked to look at some silk handkerchiefs—I showed him several pieces—they remained about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, but bought nothing—they had been in the shop several rimes before, but never bought any thing, and the last time they came, I missed the moment they were gone five silk handkerchiefs—they were in squares, so as when cut to form handkerchiefs—the prisoner had looked at the piece we missed—this is one of the handkerchiefs I missed.





ELLEN DUNDON
. I am single, and live at No. 4, Gray's Buildings, Oxford-street. I know the prisoner—I saw him and another young man together on the 15th of September, between eight and nine o'clock at night, in Mr. Cottrell's, the pawnbroker, in Gee's-court, leading out of Oxford-street, which is lower down than Duke-street—Brown asked me to come and stand in from the rain, at Mr. Cottrell's, and he asked me to lend him a pair of scissors to cut a handkerchief off—they went into a passage, and what they did there I do not know, but one of them gave me this handkerchief to take to Mr. Need's, the pawnbrokers—I took it there, and was stopped with it—I did not see the piece that was cut—I only saw this one.





JAMES FRANCIS TILBY
. I am in the employ of Mr. Need, a pawnbroker, in Duke-street. On the 15th of September I had information about some handkerchiefs, and in ten minutes the last witness produced this handkerchief—it was between eight and nine o'clock, on the 15th.





RICHARD BRADSHAW
 (police-constable, D 102.) On the 22nd of September I went to the Cross Keys public-house, Marylebone-lane—I saw the prisoner standing with his face towards the door; as soon as he saw me he turned his back—I knew him, and went to him, and said, "Charley, I want you"—he said, "What for?"—I said, "About some handkerchiefs out of oxford-street"—he said, "So help me God, I know nothing about it"—I said, "You must go with me"—as we got out, he said, "Cannot you let me go till the morning?"—I said, "No; were you in Duke-street?"—he said, "No"—I said, "A girl has been taken up for offering a handkerchief, and she said Charley Brown gave it her"—he said, "I gave her no handkerchief, In wood might, but I did not see him"—I had mentioned Inwood.






WILLIAM GATTRELL

re-examined. I believe this to be one of those showed the prisoners.

Prisoner's Defence. I met a young man I have known some time—he said he was going to buy a handkerchief—we went into the shop, a lady showed us some, and this young lad was on the other side—he chose some, and said he should like them, and offered 9s. 6d. for them; the lady would not take it, and we came out—the reason the young man knew me, was that I lived next door to the prosecutor's shop—I never saw the handkerchiefs till at the office.





WILLIAM GATTRELL
. He did live there—I knew him—I did not know the other.
(Louisa Hunter, of No. 2, Globe-street, Milton-street, Oxford-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

