



754. 




WILLIAM MILLS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
8th of February, 20 quires of paper, value 15s.; and 61b. weight of paper, value 4s.; the goods of 



George Henry Davidson.






GEORGE HENRY DAVIDSON
. I live in Tudor-street, and am a printer. The prisoner was in my employ as warehouseman—I lost a quantity of paper—this is part of it—I know it by the quality and make, and I hare some that matches it exactly.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. When do you suppose you lost it? A. I was not aware of it till the prisoner was taken, and then I compared it with some of my stock—I am aware that about that time, there had been some of my men getting drunk, and having a frolic.





JOHN MASON
. I am a butcher, and live at No. 2, Shoe-lane. Between six and seven o'clock on Wednesday evening, the 8th of February, the prisoner brought this small bundle of paper to my shop, with some other—he said, would I buy any waste paper—I weighed it, and gave him 3d., a 1b. for it—there was a lot of printed paper outside this, and when I came to undo it I found these four or five quires of white paper—I put this away into my desk, and there it remained till the next evening, when he came again with this other quantity of paper on his shoulder, and put it into the scale—I turned it over, and said, "I shan't buy this; You certainly stole it"—he said, if I would not buy it somebody else would—he took it on his shoulder, and went out—I followed, and saw him going into a cheesemonger's shop—I took the paper off his shoulder, and said, "You shan't take this any further till I know where you got it"—he urged me to give it up—I said I should not—he said he would fetch a man who would prove he got it honestly—he went away, and never returned—I went about and inquired, and the next night I went to the prosecutor's and the prisoner came down as the warehouseman—I said, "You are the man I want; I looked for you all last evening and this evening."





CHARLES THORPE
. I am an officer, and took the prisoner—I received the paper, and have had it ever since—I found a key upon him, which he said was the key of his room—I went with another officer, and found a quantity of paper there, but could not find any owner for it—he said, "That paper did not come from Mr. Davidson's, but this did; I should not have taken it if I had not been drunk."

Cross-examined. Q. Did you take him straight to the station-house? A. Yes—I went into one public-house with him in bringing him to New-gate—the prisoner and his friends, and I, went twice into the same house at Guildhall, but it was on the road to Guildhall this confession took place—I am not in the habit of going to public-houses with persons who are charged with felony, but he begged me to let him have half a pint of beer—I did not drink with him—I drank afterwards with some of his friends. (MR. DOANE
stated that the prisoner and the other men had been getting intoxicated, and that he had taken this by mistake with some waste paper which they were allowed to have.)




GUILTY
. Aged 43.—


Transported for Seven Years.
