




773. 




SAMUEL HALLETT
 and 




JAMES DALEY
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
14th of February, 98 pieces of foreign silver coin, called half-dollars, value 9l. 16s.; and 3 sovereigns; the monies of 



Edward lank.






MR. BALT ANTINE

conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD LANK
. I am a seaman on board the St. Ann. She came from St. Andrews, in America—she got into dock on the 14th of February—I received my pay in ninety-eight half-dollars at St. Andrews, and gate it to the mate to take care of—when I arrived in dock I received it again—there were three sovereigns besides the half-dollars—I put the money into my box—there were a few things besides, under the money—this was about eleven o'clock—I then went on shore with the prisoners—I returned about five o'clock, and found my box broken open and all the property gone—there was the mark of a chisel on the box, and a chisel alongside of it.

Hallett. Q. When I started from the ship you went as far as the gate with me? A. Yes.





LEWIS DOUGLASS
. I am mate of the St. Aim, lately arrived from New Brunswick. The captain paid Edward Lank his wages on shore, and he gave it roe to take care of—when we arrived here I gave him one hundred and one half-dollars, three sovereigns, and some coppers—the prisoners were part of the crew—their wages had not been paid in England I am certain—they left the ship about noon—the two prisoners and two or three other men returned—I knew the prosecutor's chest, but I did not know the money was in it—the prisoners went down below—they were on board about half an hour, and left about three o'clock, or a little after.

Daley. Q. How many were on board when we left? A. No one—I was walking the ship all day—there were two or three came back with you, and then they all went on shore together again.

Hallett. There was John and two boys on board when we left, and when we came on board.





DINAH SICANOR
. I reside in High-street, Poplar. I saw the two prisoners in the afternoon of the 14th of February about two o'clock—they did not remain above half an hour—they returned between five and six O'clock, with one more man—Hallett and the third man went outside the door, and talked for a considerable time together—there was another

young man in the shop, but they kept rather aloof from him—Hallett put into my hand twenty-eight American half-dollars and two sovereigns, saying he was going out for the night, and wished me to take care of then till the morning—he said, "You need not say any thing to any one that I have given you any"—one of the sovereigns was changed, and something got to drink—in a short time he returned and said, "I hope you will say nothing about that money which I gave you"—and he asked for 9s.—Hallett came the third time—and said, "Give me your word you wont say any thing to any one"—after that, I received information from the policeman—he came while Daley was present—he asked if any one had deposited any money in my hands—I said, "Yes," Daley then got up and came forwards, and asked me for a paper and an order which he had to receive his money the next day—I gave him them back, and two American half-dollars with them which he had given me before—they were merely a security for what he had had—I had asked Daley, before the policeman came, if he was going out for the night, and if he had any money about him, as he had better leave it with me—I knew he had got money—he appeared to have a good many half-dollars—I told him Hullett had left some with me—and he said do not say any thing that that coloured man has left any money with you—and he particularly requested me not to tell the other shipmate who was in the house.





WILLIAM GRIFFIN
. I am a police-sergeant. I traced some America half-dollars to the amount of sixty-two—I produce twenty, and the witnesses produce the others—I took Daley into custody on the 15th, at the pay-table—this is the chisel that the chest was broken open with—and here is a jacket which was purchased with eight of the half-dollars.





JOSEPH NOCK
. I am a clothier. On the 14th of February, I received from Daley eight dollars, for the payment of this jacket—and I exchanged eleven more, and gave him 22s. for them.





WILLIAM PRICE
. I am barman at the Black Horse. I received one half-dollar from Hallett on the 14th of February, he said they were worth 2s. 1d.—and he had upwards of 100 of them.





JOHN BRIDAL
. I live at the White Horse. On the evening of the 14th of February, I sold Daley some beer, and received one American half-dollars from him.





MARY WALKER
. I am sister to the landlord of the Harrow. Hallett came there on the 14th of February, and bought a pennyworth of fill of an old man—he came to the bar to get half a dollar changed.





HEHRT WILDING
. I am shopman to Mr. Holley a pawnbroker. I bought three half-dollars of Hallett for 5s. 3d.





THOMAS SHADRICK
. I am a licensed victualler. I received two half-dollars from Hallett—I had another, but I cannot say whether I took it from him or from a man who is not here.





JOHN MITCHELL
 (police-constable 202.) I took Hallett into custody. I found one half-dollar and two shillings on him, and a knife.





EDWARD LANK

re-examined. This knife is mine—I bought it on the 3rd of February, and lost it—these American half-dollars are such as I was paid and which the mate gave me on my arrival in England—I took them for 2s. 6d. each.

Hallett's Defence (written.) I entered the United States ship Vincense in September 1832, and was paid in July, 1836—my pay amounted to 284 American dollars, which I received in half-dollars and gold at the Virginia Bank—part of which I expended in my passage to New York. where I entered the Russell, Baldwin, bound for Liverpool, on the 6th of

July and arrived on the 26th of the same month, for which I received 3l.; when I entered on board the St. Ann in September, and received 2l. 10s. in advance, and remained on board the tame ship until I was taken into custody—I gave the woman at the boarding-house twenty-seven half-dollars and two sovereigns—I spent in several public-houses six or seven dollars—I told the woman at the boarding-house not to tell my shipmates any thing about me having money, because if they knew it, they would want to borrow, as the ship's crew was not paid off, and I wanted my money for a particular use—I was going to get married.





LEWIS DOUGLASS

re-examined. Q. Do you know whether the prisoners had served in other ships? A. I cannot say—Daley was working day-work—he might have had money, but I have heard him say he had not—he had been paid nothing out of the ship's wages—he was merely a labourer—he was shipped at 7l.—the others had 12l.—I advanced them in Liverpool a month's advance—he went from Liverpool to Brunswick, and then back to England—he had no money then—he had what things he wanted there—Lank was shipped in the country—fee was at work there, and had a dollar a day for lading the ship.

HALLETT—



GUILTY. Aged 27. 



Judgment Respited.


DALEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 27. 


Transported for Seven Years.
