




1257. 




RICHARD HALL
 and 




JOSEPH WRIGHT



 were indicted for stealing, on the 
8th of May, 2 half-crowns, the monies of 




James Stephens, their master.






HANNAH STEPHENS
. I am the wife of James Stephens. He keeps a coffee-shop in Great Windmill-street—Hall has lived in our services six or seven months, and Wright about three weeks—on the 8th of May, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, they were in the back parlour where we keep our till—I had been to the till just before, and know they were two half-crowns there, and about 13s. or 14s. altogether—I just walked to the shop door, opened it, and looked out for about two minutes, leaving them both sitting together—when I came back, I went to give change, and missed the two half-frowns—there was nobody else in the room, and nobody else could have taken them—one could not have done it without the other seeing—neither of them had any right to go to the till—as soon as I missed the money, I asked them if they had taken it—they both denied it, and said they had not been to the till, nor seen anybody else go—Hall then went down stairs, and Wright remained—he began to poke the fire—I asked hall what he was doing down stairs—he said stirring the fire—my husband came home—I told him, and he questioned them—they

denied it—a policeman was fetched, and they went down stairs.





THOMAS VIVIEN
. I am a policeman. I was sent for to the house and saw the two boys in the sitting-rooms by the side of the coffee-room—Mr. Stephens said they had been robbing her, and she gave them in custody—Hall said if I would go down stairs, he would show me where the money was—I went down stairs—he pointed to the flue of the copper, and said "The money is there"—I said take it out—he took out a half crown and a shilling—he said Wright had got the rest—I called Wright-down stairs, he opened another flue, and said, "The other half-crown is in this book"—I opened it, and took out a half-crown and six pence.
(The prosecutor gave Wright a good character.)

HALL—


GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

WRIGHT—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—



Confined One Month, seven days solitary.
