



1669. 




WILLIAM HANSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of June, 100lbs., weight of soap, value 2l. 5s., the goods of 



Benjamin Denton.






BENJAMIN DENTON
. I keep the Kent and Essex Inn, in Whitechapel. I was alarmed on the morning of the 28th of June—I found the soap-chest had been broken open, and forty bars of soap taken away—I went with the policeman to Wentworth-street, which is about three minutes walk—we

found some traces of soap there, and found the prisoner secreted in a privy with soap between his fingers—It was then between four and five o'clock in the morning—part of the bars of soap were found near to where he was—this is it—I am satisfied it is mine—they had got it out by getting on a building, talking the tiles off, and then letting themselves down into a shed—we found the soap in this bag, which is not mine—the prisoner pretended to know nothing about it.

Prisoner. I saw him put a piece of money into the witness's hand, Witness. I did not do any such thing.





HANAH CAMDEN
. I am out of place. I was staying in Rose and Crown-court, which is opposite Mr. Denton's premises, on the morning stated—I heard a noise between three and four o'clock—I got up, went to the window, and saw a man walking on te top of Mr. Denton's premises—I afterwards looked out again, and saw the prisoner's head inside Mr. Denton's door, which was then open.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not say you did not recollect my face, but you thought it was me? A. No; I swear you are the man.





ABRAHAM SCOTT
 (police-serjeant H 12.) I assisted in searching for the soap. I found the prisoner with soap on his hands; and this soap in the bag was found up one pair of stairs, not above seven or eight yards from where he was.





WILLIAM CHANEY
. I am a warehouseman. I know this soap—It is part of what I packed up, and sent to the Kent and Essex Tavern.

Prisoner's Defence. I went into the house with a young woman. I asked her to wait while I went to the privy—the officer then came and took me—I know nothing about it.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
