







650. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     GREENFIELD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     SAMPSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of January
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Taylor
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I was in Eastcheap


 on the 29th of January - I used my handkerchief, put it into my pocket again, and soon after missed it - a lad told me that the prisoner Greenfield had taken it - I ran and took him; he said he had not got it: the lad then said the other must have it; I then ran and took Sampson, and brought him to a house; he denied having it for a long time, but when the officer was coming, he took it from his own pocket, and gave it me; it is my handkerchief.


                  GEORGE 
                  PALMER
               



            , I was in Eastcheap, and saw Greenfield take the handkerchief from the gentleman's pocket; Sampson was by his side at the time - they then went up a gateway together - the gentleman turned round, and said he had taken his handkerchief; I told him of it; it was all done in a very short time; he went and took Greenfield; he had not the handkerchief - Sampson was walking away; I said he must have it; the gentleman took him, and a man took Greenfield - they denied knowing one another for a great while - Sampson at last took the handkerchief from his pocket.


                  THOMAS 
                  KILBY
               



            . I am the officer. I came up and received the handkerchief from the prosecutor; I did not see it given to him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
GREENFIELD - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
Recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor. - 


               Confined Six Months
            .
SAMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
