



962. 




THOMAS STACK
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
27th of March, 1 coat, value 2s. 6d.; and 1 pair of trowsers, value 5s.; the property of 

our Lord the King; and 1 purse, value 3d.; and the sum of 3d. in copper money; the goods and monies of 



William Cross.—2nd COUNT, stating it all to be the goods and property of 


William Cross.






WILLIAM CROSS
. I am a private in the third battalion first regiment

of Grenadier Guards. On the night of the 26th of March, I went with Martha Willitt to No. 2, Church-street, St. Giles—I went to bed there, and left my jacket and browsers in the chair—on Sunday morning they were gone—Willitt was in bed with me when I missed them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS
Q. Had you only one pair of trowsers? A. Yes, I had two pair, but I had only one pair there—the door was shut when I went to bed—I was sober—I was never in the house before—I am sure Martha was in bed all night—I went to sleep part of the time—I had no suspicion of her—I had frequently seen her before—I told her I had lost my clothes—she went and got the policeman to search the house—I had given her some money before I went to bed.





MARTHA WILLITT
. I remember the prosecutor coming to No. 2, Church-street, that night—he put the clothes on the chair—I did not take them away.

Cross-examined. Q. Who lived in that house? A. I only know one who lives in the front parlour—that is Caroline Jordan—she slept there that night—she was not in the habit of coming to my room—she outside passage door was always open—the door belonging to my room was bolted inside, but in the morning I found it wide open—any one outside could open it by a knife or any thing—Caroline was not acquainted with the way to open it—but I do not know what was to prevent her—she is not here.





WILLIAM DODD
 (police-sergeant E 9.) At four o'clock in the morning, on the the of March, I met the prisoner in Fitzroy-court, nearly the distance of the length of Tottenham-court-road from where this robbery was committed—I saw he had something bulky under his clothes, and went to take him—he sprang away-and these trowsers fell from his coat—he paused a few yards off—I was then about to take him again, and he threw down this coat—he went into the house, No., Hambrook-court—I waited a few minutes—another officer came, and we went in and found him on the landing, shamming—every door was shut to the house but the outer one—I told him I wanted him for the soldier's clothes—he said he knew nothing about them.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the outer door open? A. Yes, any one could get it—I knew him before—I brought him down—I found in the jacket pocket some money, and in the trowsers pocket a purse.

Prisoner's Defence. At half-past twelve o'clock on Saturday night, I saw Tool, as I was going home—he said to me, "Tom, you are not in liquor to-night"—I said "Good night"—I went to my aunt's and they were gone to bed—I laid down and slept till half-past one o'clock—then this officer came and said, "Do you know anything about a soldier's clothes?"—I said I did not.





WILLIAM TOOLE
. I am a policeman. I looked seen the prisoner that night in Fitzroy-court, about one o'clock—I was quite close to him—he was about 40 yards from his own house—he was going from the house—I did not speak to him nor he to me.
(Mr. Fletcher, 15, Bread-street, Blackfriars; James Fletcher, waterman, Bread-street, Blackfriars; Elizabeth Goodwin, Fitzroy-market; Esther Gilham; and Thomas Gray, a baker, Fitzroy-court; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
