







1062. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  WALKER
               




            , 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               




            , and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of June
, 1 necklace, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Brown
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Emma 
                        Brown
                     



.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am the wife of William Brown - he is a baker
, and lives in Cumberland-street, Curtain-road. On the 8th of June, I was returning from Shepherdess-fields, where I had been walking with my three children, and in coming home, my daughter Emma's necklace was taken off her neck, as she was in my arms - I did not see who took it, but I received information, and went with two officers to the station-house - I saw Wilson throw the beads down an area in going to the station-house - they were picked up - these are them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READING
               



            . I was in the City-road


 on that Sunday evening, and saw this lady with her children - Walker took the necklace off the child's neck - I told the lady, and then went round by the Eagle Tavern to see for him, and the policeman had him - I had seen the three prisoners together, and Walker went from them, and took the necklace.
Wilson. He said at the office that Walker took them, and gave them to me. Witness. No; I did not.


                  JOHN 
                  LEARY
               



            . I am a lamplighter's boy - I was going up Robin Hood-street, and saw Walker have the beads in his hand, and he gave them to Wilson, who put them in his pocket - I did not see Jones.


                  HENRY 
                  NEWLAND
               



            . I was there - I saw Walker give them to Wilson - I had not known them before - Jones was a little way behind them - he then came to them again.


                  GEORGE 
                  KEMP
               



             (police-constable N 82). On the 8th of June, I saw Wilson and Jones together following a gentleman and lady - I watched them - they crossed the road, and Walker joined them - I saw Walker attempt to take a necklace, and I thought he had got it, but he had not - I spoke to the lady, but she would not give them into custody - I then watched them, and saw them go to the prosecutrix, and Walker took the beads - I went and took him and Jones - I then went and took Wilson, and saw him drop the beads down the area.
(Jones put in a written defence, stating that he had gone up and spoken to the other prisoners, but was quite unconscious of their having committed a robbery; that he was going to call on his uncle, 
               
                  John 
                  Hodge
               



            , at the time.)
(
               
                  John 
                  William Hodge
               



            , of Chatham-gardens, and 
               
                  George 
                  Gordon
               



            , gave Jones a good character.)
WALKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
