




2041. 




THOMAS BASEKE
 and 




WILLIAM CUMMINGS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of August, 47 sovereigns, 8 half-sovereigns, and 1 £ promissory note, the monies and property of 



Robert Glass.






ROBERT GLASS
. I reside at Greenock, in Scotland, and am a merchant. On the 10th of August, about twelve o'clock, I went to St. James's Park to see the palace—the prisoner Cummings came up to me, and told me he was a merchant from Newcastle—he asked if I was a stranger—I told him I was, and that I came there to see the Palace—he said he had got all his business done—that the merchants here did their business soon, and he was waiting for a vessel coming into the pool, and he expected to make a handsome sum of it, as he had the first offer—we walked about for an hour, or an hour and a half, and then he asked me to go and take a drink of porter, (it is not possible I can be mistaken in the person, because these two men were with me in the house and there was no other person with me,) I have no doubt of them—I had drank nothing then—I went with Cummings to a

public-house near the Park—he called for a bottle of porter—we were only a short time there, when Baseke came in—he seated himself right opposite on the other side or the same table—he began telling a story about his family—that his father was dead, and his elder brother had taken possession of the property, and left him and his sister destitute—he said he was at service at 12s. a week, and he gave part to give his sister schooling, and the people of the village, in Lancashire, told him that his brother was born before his father was married, and he had got the property that day or the day before—he had got 100l. of it of the lawyer—he proposed to give each of us 5l. or 10l. to give to the poor, or do what we liked with—I said I had a little money with me; but Cummings said he had 200l., or about that, at his lodgings—I did not say what I had—then this laird, (the man that had the money,) went to another house—we came through the Park again, and came to another house, and dressed a beef-steak—this laird paid for that—we drank a bottle of port wine—the laird paid for it—then each of us put our money out—we had been home before we had the beef-streak—I lodge in the Minories—we got one of the little cabs, and Cummings went to the Belle Sauvage to take his money out—I went to the Minories, when I got home, I took my pocket-book, which contained forty-one sovereigns and a half-sovereign, and one Scotch note for 1l—I was taken in by that fellow—he told me he drove one of the best gigs in Newcastle, and had 2000l. a year—I met Cummings at the Belle Sauvage, and Baseke was at the door—we had shifted a house or two, because they wanted to go into some low house, and I would not go but into a respectable house—it was about four o'clock when we took the beef and port, and then Cummings showed some notes that he had—they were rolled up in a piece of paper, and what money I had was put on the table, and rolled up in a piece of paper and the note—Baseke had 100l. in notes, which he had shown us long before that, I believe—I did not examine them—then I put mine into my pocket, rolled up, and Cummings was to put a second piece or paper round it; and he made me pull out my watch—he put it down under my watch—the laird (Baseke) then went away to buy some cigars, and then Cummings left me before I could look round—I was satisfied I had my money; and when I was going to bed I found I had got two shillings' worth of halfpence instead of it—I gave information to the policeman next morning, and after that they were taken—I was at a loss to know them at first, but the waiter having so completely described them, I was certain these are the persons.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Are you really a Scotchman? A. I believe I am, although I am unfortunately in London just now—I am sure they are the persons—I did not see them again till they were in custody—I had some doubt at first; but after looking some time, I became clear that they were the people—I believe I said before the Magistrate they were like the men, but I would not undertake to swear they were—I do not think I said "I don't believe them to be the men"—I will not swear it—If it is down, I must have said it—I do not think I said I would rather swear they were not the men—I said, when I saw them at the watch-house, that I did not think they were the men—I suppose what I said was written down and read over to me—this is my hand-writing—I suppose I must have listened to it—I fancy I was asked whether what I said was correctly written down—I suppose what was written down then was what I had sworn—I said the men were in a different dress—the Magistrate desired me to be very particular and I put on my spectacles, and

after that I had my doubts—I went to the policeman—I could not give any description of the two men—I was fetched by a policeman down to Greenwich, to be examined before the Magistrate—the policeman told me on the way that he was going to show me the men who had robbed me—he said, "The two men that are taken on suspicion"—I went down expecting to see the two men that are taken on suspicion"—I went first to the watch-house—let Baseke hold out his right hand, I will tell you by his fore-finger, it is crushed in some way—I never said any thing to any one about the finger—I think I saw something remarkable in one of them hands at the watch-house—I really cannot charge my memory—I did not ask to look at his hand—I took a note of it in my mind—no one had told me about this man's finger—I saw it myself the first day I was with him—I did not give that description to the policeman—he was better acquainted with the man than I was—I said I could give no description; but every thing does not occur to a person at one time—it would appear I said nothing of it before the Magistrate—I might not think of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. About what time did you leave the tavern in Palace-yard, where you dined? A. I suppose about five o'clock—I went straight home—I made some stops—I met a clergyman that I had heard preach a few days before—I walked with him in the street better than an hour, till his wife came out of an hospital; and I went into a coffee-house, and got my coffee—I am not able to tell where it was—I was forced to inquire my way—it was between the two bridges—it was on the other side of the water—I sat in the public room—there were no persons that I saw there, except the landlady—I drank nothing but coffee—I went to the Belle Sauvage, into the coffee-room—I did not mix with other made some inquiries—I took nothing to drink—I did not mix with other people—I then went straight home—the forty one sovereigns and the note was all I had about me, except a few shillings—I had been in London only two days—I had been here once before—I came on business.

COURT. Q. Are you able to say that you saw the fore-finger of Baseke was crushed the first day? A. Yes; when he met us in the first public-house—I am quite sure I remember it there—it struck me as particular—If I am able to charge my memory, I asked him what was the matter with his finger—they did not appear disguised—I thought I was in respectable company—Cummings has a very peculiar nose and appearance.

MR. JONES. Q. Was not the case under the consideration of the Magistrate for four or five hours at a time? A. I do not think it was—I was not there all the time—I said at the end of it I had my doubts about them.

COURT. Q. Supposing you said you did not believe they were the men, What is your honest belief at the present moment? A. In consequence of the waiter's evidence, no person in the world robbed me but these two men—they are the men—I have a different look over them from what I had.





CHARLES SHAW
. I am waiter at Fendall's Hotel, Palace-yard. I remember Mr. Glass coming to our house about two or three o'clock in the afternoon—both the prisoners came with him—they had rump-steak and oyster-sauce, and a bottle of port wine—I think Cummings paid for it—I will not be certain—I am not certain which left the house first—I am certain these are the men—I have not the least doubt of their persons.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did they sit in the public coffee-room? A. Yes; we have generally a good deal of custom—I was principal

waiter there—I am obliged to attend to person's faces and business both, occasionally—I will undertake to say they were under my notice more than two minutes—perhaps four or five minutes—it was some days before I heard of the subject again, from an officer named Langley—these two men had been taken on suspicion—there was no one else in the room when they came—I do not think there had been any before them on that day—there were no dinners in that room afterwards—it is a thoroughfare through the coffee-room—I saw these men again at Greenwich the officer did not tell me he would show me the two men who were charged with committing the robbery—he told me nothing at all—he said he had come up from Greenwich to take me down with the prosecutor, to see if I could identify two men—I am not certain whether he told me two men were in custody—I went to see if I could identify two men who were charged with the offence—I expected to find the two men that the policeman had spoken of—they were in the Sessions room in custody—I cannot give a description of any other persons that were in the house that day or that week.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Did you see Mr. Glass at Greenwich? A. Yes; I did not bear him say the men were dressed differently—I said there was some alteration in their dress—I never saw the prisoners, to my knowledge, before—I am not at Fendall's now—I am not certain as to the day I left—it might be the very day after my examination—I have been there since, repeatedly—I left in consequence of a previous notice—I saw Mr. Glass yesterday morning—I have not seen him before, nor the policeman—I have a situation over at Boulogne, if I choose to return to it—I am living at No. 4, Edmund-place, Aldersgate-street—I do not know that Mr. Glass had offered a reward of £20.





JOHN LANGLEY
 (police-sergeant A 11.) I was on duty in the Park on the 10th of August—I saw the prosecutor there with the two prisoner—I am quite positive as to the prisoners, but am not quite so sure of the prosecutor—there were three persons together—the prisoners were with an old man like him—in consequence of information, I went down to hunt for them, and found them at Lee races, in Kent—I took them into custody, and found twelve sovereigns on one, and a £5 note on the other—I am sure these are the persons I saw in the park with an old man, whom I believe to be the prosecutor.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Had you known them before? A. No—I had seen them in the park that morning before—it was nine days before I saw them again—I swear they are the men—this note is not claimed by the prosecutor—I took Cummings into custody first—I was dressed in plain clothes—Baseke saw me take Cummings—he did not make the slightest effort to escape—he stood still—they both said they knew nothing about it—I am not the officer who went to fetch the prosecutor—he is not here—I was before the Magistrate when the prosecutor was examined—to the best of my belief, he said he could not swear to the prisoners—he put on his spectacles, by desire of the Magistrate, or Mr. Finch, the clerk, and after that he said he said he did not believe they were the men.

Cummings's Defence. I do not know any thing of it.

Baseke's Defence. I know nothing of it—we were strangers, and are two hundred miles from home.

BASEKE—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.

CUMMINGS—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.




Transported for Seven Years

