





1800. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of July
, 2 pistols, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Thomas
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been previously convicted of felony
            .
JOHN THOMAS. I am an auctioneer
. On the 29th of July I lost a pair of pistols from Eccleston-street, Pimlico


 - I had not seen them for some time; they were deposited with me, with other property, for sale by auction - I took possession of the house and property three or four days before the sale; I know they were there, from the inventory and catalogue - I do not know the prisoner.


                  FREDERICK 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a porter, and live in Phoenix-street, Soho. I have seen the prisoner at different sales; the furniture was for sale on that day - I tied a pair of pistols to each of two blunderbusses; I did not particularly notice them - I had occasion to go down from the second floor, and I asked my fellow-servant whether any body was in the house; he said No; I went up again, and missed one pistol from each blunderbuss - I went out, and took the prisoner a quarter of a mile from the house, with something wrapped up in a blue handkerchief under his arm; I said, "I want the pistols;" I opened the parcel, and they were in it - I gave him to the Policeman; he begged I would let him go - I said I would not, as I had been robbed so many times.


                  WILLIAM 
                  AGGS
               



            . I received the prisoner and the pistols.


                  THOMAS 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I was employed to lot the goods; I know these are one of the pairs of pistols - there was another pair and two blunderbusses.


                  HENRY 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I have a certificate of the prisoner's conviction on the 15th of April last; I know he is the person - (read).



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
