



1628. 




MARY HAGGERTY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of April, 1 bonnet, value 1s.; and 1 shawl, value 1s.; the goods 



Mary Ann Lee, in the dwelling-house of 



Eliza Thompson; and that she afterwards did burglariously break out of the said dwelling-house.






MARY ANN LEE
. I am servant to Miss Eliza Thompson, who lives in William-street, Waterloo-road. I do not know the parish—house only keeps one servant—I have seen the prisoner as servant at No. 1, but she is no acquaintance of mine—she came to mistress's house on the 25th of April, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening—mistress was out—she knocked at the door, and asked if there was a servant wanted—I said, "Yes," and asked her to come in and wait till mistress came in—(I was going to leave—she sat down, and I fell asleep about nine o'clock)—mistress did not come in till twelve o'clock—I awoke between ten and eleven o'clock and she was then gone—when I fell asleep we were both in the parlourshe was sitting in a chair—I did not miss my bonnet and shawl till next morning—they had hung behind the kitchen door, down stairs—there was nobody in the house besides me and the prisoner—when I went to sleep, the street-door was shut and latched, but not bolted—it was on the when I awoke.

Prisoner. Q. When I went to the house she was doors from her own house—did not I wash up plates and dishes for you, anti sew the skirt of a gown on to a body? Witness. A. It is false—the bonnet and shawl were in the house—I had seen them recently before—these are them





JOHN COLLISON
. I am a policeman. On the 26th of April, Lee came to the station-house, and gave information of losing property of her own—I found the prisoner in Tower-street, Waterloo-road, on the 11th of May, and found the bonnet on her head—I was looking for her nearly three weeks—I received the shawl from a man who is not here—the mistress would prosecute, and the Magistrate bound the servant over.




GUILTY
 of stealing only. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

