




196. 




HENRY M'GHEE
 and 




JOHN HAWKESWORTH
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
15th of November, 1 shawl, 1s. 6d., the goods of 



Thomas Canham.






MARIA CANHAM
. I am the wife of Thomas Canham, shipwright, of Coleman-street, Woolwich. I keep haberdasher's shop—I had a shawed like this on the 15th of November—I saw it safe between ten and eleven

o'clock hanging in the window—I heard a footstep in my shop, and saw the prisoner M'Ghee going from the door, and missed a shawl—a few minutes before I had seen him and another boy at the window—I directly ran after M'Ghee and stopped him—I accused him of having been in the shop—he denied it, and said a boy had run round the corner, or down the street—I detained him, and sent for the policeman—while I was detaining him a little girl and her mother brought me the shawl—it is my husband's





MARY ANN GOODCHILD
. I live a few doors from Mrs. Canham. I found this shawl in my father's garden, near the gate, about eleven o'clock in the morning, on the 15th of November.





WILLIAM THOMAS CHILLENDEN
. I am a Woolwich police-constable. I apprehended Hawkesworth in consequence of information—I did not say a word to him, his confession was purely of his own free will—he stated that M'Ghee and him had gone to the Dock-yard; on returning through Coleman-street they staid some time about the shop, and then M'Ghee brought him the shawl, which he gave to him and told him to cut, and he ran; but being much frightened, he went to the rear of the house, and threw it over the garden—M'Ghee was given into my custody, and he then carried an iron trivet, which he said belonged to him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

M'Ghee's Defecne. I was passing—the woman came and accused me of having been in the shop—I denied it—no one had done such a thing in my presence.

Hawkesworth's Defence. I did not do it myself, and did not see any one take it.

M'GHEE—


GUILTY
.* Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.

HAWKESWORTH—


GUILTY
. Aged 9.—



Confined One Month; One Week Solitary.
