






2166. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of August
, 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 1 half-crown, and 4 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William Bews 
                           Harris
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM BEWS HARRIS. I am a carpenter
 - I live in Forest-row, Dalston. On Saturday night, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I met the prisoner in Bishopsgate-street- I had been drinking, but was in my senses; they accosted me; I went to two public-houses with them, and drank -I had a quartern of rum at the second house - a baker came in, and insulted me; he went away, and at that moment my purse was safe - I had taken it out of my fob in the prisoner's presence, to pay for the liquor; I had a sovereign, half a sovereign, half a crown, and 4s. in it - I went away, and was going home; the prisoners followed me, and came to me again; Johnson was on my left-hand side, and Jones on my right; she left me suddenly -Jones loitered rather behind, and Johnson called her, which excited my suspicion - I felt, and missed my purse from my left-hand pocket; I directly seized Johnson, and said she had robbed me - a Policeman came up; I told him - my bag of money was found concealed on Jones.


                  SILVANUS 
                  GILL
               



            . I am a Policeman. The prosecutor accused the prisoners of robbing him; I took them both to the station - my wife searched them.


                  MARY 
                  ANN BEST
               



            . I searched the prisoners, and found a bag on Jones, concealed in a certain part of her person.


                  SARAH 
                  GILL
               



            . I am the Policeman's wife. Jones resisted being searched; the purse and money were found concealed where Best has stated.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BEWS HARRIS
               



            , This is my purse, and the money was in it.
Johnson's Defence. I know nothing of it.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.





               Transported for Life
            .
