






2003. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     SAUNDERS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSIAH 
                     SAUNDERS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of September
, 1 half-crown
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Morrow
                  




               
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  MORROW
               



            . I am daughter of 
               
                  William 
                  Morrow
               



             - he is a water-gilder
, and lives in Wilson-street, Finsbury-square


. On the 22nd of September, 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Saunders
               



             called in the morning, between ten and eleven o'clock; I answered the door myself - he said if a parcel should be left there, directed for Mr. Horne, a jeweller, in Houndsditch, would Mr. Morrow take it in; I had not seen him before - he then came back, and said if there was any thing to pay, Mr. Morrow was to pay for it, and Mr. Horne would call in the evening, bring some work, and settle for it; in the afternoon the other prisoner brought a parcel, directed for Mr. Horne, jeweller, Houndsditch - he demanded 1s. 6d.; I went and got half a crown, gave it him, and told him to go next door and get change - he went to the grocer's, at the corner, but I never saw him come out; he never returned - in the afternoon I was going out, and took the parcel to Mr. Horne; it was my father's money I gave him.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERT HORNE
               



            . I am a jeweller, and live in Houndsditch. I never gave an order for any parcel to he left for me - Frederick Saunders was in my service about three years ago; I have had too many of these parcels - I never saw the other prisoner till I was at Guildhall; the parcel has nothing in it but a letter.


                  RICHARD 
                  GEORGE STATHAM
               



            . I am an officer. I took Frederick Saunders, on the 7th of October, and found some papers on him - the other had been in custody from the 29th of September.
F. SAUNDERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
J. SAUNDERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
