





1259. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GODDARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of August
, 1 seal, value 5l.; 1 ring value 1l.; and 1 watch-key, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Lyne
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
FRANCIS LYNE. I live at No. 169, Prospect-place, Edgeware-road


. About eight o'clock on the 22nd of August, I was at my own gate, ringing the bell, for my servant to let me in; my house is on the left-hand side of the Edgware-road, going to Maida-hill - the prisoner, I believe, came up to me and snatched at the seal and ribbon of my watch - I have no doubt of his person, but I could not identify him, because it was dark - he took the seal and key away; the ring which was attached to the ribbon broke - he ran off with great expedition - the policeman saw the transaction - he followed him and brought the prisoner back in less than five minutes, but the seal was gone; it cost me about 5l.; and the key cost a guinea.


                  CHARLES 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I live at No. 7, Earl-street, Lisson-grove. On that evening I was coming along the Grand Junction-road, and saw Mr. Lyne on his face, in a sort of a fit - I assisted to lead him home, and when he got to his gate the prisoner snatched his seals and ran away them - I am sure of his person; there was another man with him - I ran after them, crying, "Stop thief;" I lost sight of them, and when I came back, I found the prisoner in custody.


                  RICHARD 
                  HANCOCK
               



             (police-constable, 138 T). I was in Edgware-road, and saw the prisoner and another in company - I knew the prisoner, and watched them, first on one side and then on the other - they passed Mr. Lyne and then returned and took the seal from his person - I followed and took the prisoner; I said, "I want you," he said, "For what," I said, "For a snatch and a run;" I brought him back and Thompson came up directly afterwards - this ring was found against the prosecutor's door the next morning - I knew the person who was with the prisoner by sight; but I knew the prisoner by name.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along the street, and when I got to the corner, Thompson crossed and asked a gentleman if he saw any chaps running down there, he said, No, the policeman then came up, and said,"Halloo you b-r, I have got you" - I said, "For what?" he said "You know what it is about" - he then asked the gentleman if I was the person, he said he thought I was, but when at the office he swore to me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
