





526. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BOYD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of August
, 1 watch value 3l.; 1 ribbon, value 1d.; 1 seal, value 1d.; 1 purse, value 6d.; 10 sovereigns, and 4 shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Caroline 
                     Skill
                  




               
            .
CAROLINE SKILL. I am single
, and live in Holborn. I lived in Grand Junction-terrace for eleven months; the prisoner became acquainted with me the beginning of July - he had been butler in a gentleman's family, but was out of place; we were asked in New Marylebone church, and were to be married on the 25th of August -I gave warning to leave my situation, and left it on the 24th of August, which was Monday - a fortnight before that I had gone to his lodgings and drank tea with him and his landlady, at No. 10, Adam-street - I had my watch in my hand, and laid it down on the table; he said, what a dirty ribbon I had - he put another ribbon to it, which he had ready in the room; he said,
"Why do you always carry it in your hand?" I asked him to have the goodness to put it into his pocket till I went home - he went home with me that evening, and I forgot to ask him for it; on the Sunday before I left my place, we were at a tea-garden together, and I asked him for my watch - he said he had left it at home, because he had worn it till the ribbon was very dirty; I said, "Never mind, I am going to leave to-morrow evening;" I have never had the watch since nor seen it. On the Monday evening I left my place, and went to his lodgings between eight and nine o'clock; we went, took a walk together, and I expected to be married the next morning - we returned home about half-past ten, and he asked me to lend him nine sovereigns to go and fetch his clothes from the tailor's; I lent them to him, and 1l. 4s. besides to buy some other things for the next day - he had all the nine sovereigns at the same time, and they were to get his clothes; he went to bed about eleven o'clock; I slept with his landlady - I got up at half-past eight the next morning, and he was gone; I never saw him again till yesterday week, when he was at the office for a spoon - I never intended he should keep the watch or the money; I cannot tell whether he slept there that night, but he was gone when I got up - I waited till eleven o'clock, and then went to Harley-street where he had lived; he hadbeen there, and taken away his box - I have never got my watch nor my money again.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not give me the watch to get a new ribbon? A. No; I counted the nine sovereigns into his hand to get the clothes - I asked if the tailor could not wait until the next day; he said I should be tired, and he should like to take it that night.
COURT. Q. Had he inquired if you had any money? A. Yes; I told him I had saved a little while I had been in service.
EDWARD BERRIDGE. The prosecutrix lodged a complaint some months ago against the prisoner; he was afterwards brought to our office on another charge, and she came forward and identified him.
Prisoner's Defence. She gave me the money and the watch - I had carried the watch about a fortnight, and the night before we were to be married, she counted the nine sovereigns into my hand, and asked if I would have any more - I went out in the morning to get my clothes, and got drinking from one house to another; I got intoxicated, fell asleep, and lost the watch and great part of the money - I had lived with Admiral Digby and Mr. Dodswell.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
