





2237. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WEBB
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of October
, 1 coat, value 20s.; 1 neckerchief, value 1s.; 1 pair of gaiters, value 1s., and 1 pair of gloves, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Fell
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  FELL
               



            . I live at Uxbridge, and carry on my business in Southwark. On the 8th of October, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I put my great coat and gaiters into a closet in the subscription-room, at the Cornmarket


; I was afterwards fetched, and found the prisoner in custody with them - the gloves were in the pocket; he was a stranger to me.


                  HENRY 
                  LUCAS
               



            . I saw the prisoner come into the subscription-room; being a stranger I watched him, as several coats and umbrellas had been taken before - he spoke to nobody, but took his seat at the table, and took up the newspaper, but instead of reading it, he had his eye on different persons in the room; then walked about, and read the list of subscribers, which is near the closet door, which was open - he took his seat again; a gentleman, walked in, and put his umbrella in the closet - directly he was gone the prisoner went into the closet, and pulled the door too after him; I watched the room door till he came out, and then stopped him with this coat on his back - he said it was his, and he had hung it up a few minutes before; I said I had seen him come in without one.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  DEVEY
               



            . I am a beadle, and received him in charge.



                  WILLIAM 
                  JOYCE
               



            . I am an officer. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the office of this Court - (read) - I know the prisoner to be the person; he was convicted of stealing an umbrella from the Jerusalem coffee-house, and confined two months.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, pleading poverty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
