



1774. 




OWEN SULKLIVAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of July,
1 trunk, value 2s.; 5 gowns, value 3l.; 7 petticoats, value 12s.; 6 collars, value 6s.; 12 pair of gloves, value 12s.; 1 pair of boots, value 1s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 2s.; 1 yard of silk, value 3s.; 2 shawls, value 15s.; 7 handkerchiefs. value 1l.; 11 pair of stockings, value 11s.; 2 yards of calico, value 8d.; 2 aprons, value 3d.; 12 yards of lace, value 1l. 1s.; 1 band, value 1s. 1 candlestick, value 2s.; 1 neck-chain, value 5s.; 1 snuff-box, value, 1s.; I eye-glass, value 1s.; and 1 knife, value 6d.; the goods of 



Thomas Larkin. 2nd Cound, stating them to belong to 



Mary Russell








THOMAS LARKIN
. I am a carrier from Battersea to London. On the 17th of July, I was employed by Mary Russell to fetch two trunks from Bulstrode-street I got them in my cart; I then went with them to Kingsland-road, to get a sack of flour; it was them about five o'clock; I left my cart for about two minutes in Union-walk, Kingsland-road; it was a common carrier's cart, boarded behind; when I returned, I missed one of the trunks; I inquired of a woman, who told me some men had got it, and gone round the corner, and the policeman after them—I saw the turnk at the police-station in about ten minutes, and knew it to be the one I lost, because I corded it myself, and tied these elogs on it—the direction was in my pocket.





WILLIAM HOLLAND
 (police-constable N 146.) On the 17th of July, I was in Union-street, and in consequence of some information I ran into Hackney-road, towards Shoreditch, and saw the prisoner carry this trunk on his shoulder; he turned and saw me; threw it on the ground, and ran away—I came up to where the trunk was, and gave Backhouse charge of it, while I pursued the prisoner—he went on to Bateman's-row, and as he turned there I lost sight of him for half-a-minute but when I turned, I saw him running, and a gentleman stopped him—I came up and took him, he said, what did I want him for?—I said, "For having that trunk"—he said, he had had no trunk—I said, he had—he said, if there were no better officers than me, he would kill me—I am certain he is the man that had the trunk.





ROBERT BACKHOUSE
 (police-constable H 92.) I saw the prisoner passing with the trunk—Holland came running up—the prisoner threw down the trunk, and ran away—I took charge of the trunk.

Prisoner. I had seen no box.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
