





1086. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SAGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of May
, 2 hams, value 10s., and 3lbs. of pork, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Israel 
                     Willis
                  




               
            .
ISRAEL WILLIS. I live at Sand-end, Fulham


 - I keep a cow and a few pigs
. I lost these hams and pork on the morning of the 13th of May, from a little bit of a place that I call a dairy - I saw them safe on the 12th of May; it was locked up, but a piece of canvas was cut so that a man could get in; the prisoner was taken up on the 13th - I had a number of duck eggs there - I cannot say whether I lost any of them.


                  MARY 
                  ANN BRIERS
               



            . I have known the prisoner from the Saturday before the Thursday this happened - I had lived with my grandmother, but I quarrelled with her, and went to my sister's, where I slept with a young woman named Walker - the prisoner came up on the morning of the 13th, and asked if we had any money; we said No - he said, "I will take you to my mother's, and give you a good dinner;" with some hesitation we went with him - he took us down a lane, and gave each of us a leg of pork, and gave the other young woman some duck eggs - I do not know how many; as we were going on I saw a young man, who went and got an officer; he ran after Sage, but could not take him - he then came, and took the pork from us.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAMBERLAIN
               



            . I live at No. 6, World's-end-passage - I have known the prisoner twelve years. On the 13th of May I was going to work, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning, and saw him with Briers and Walker - I said, "Sage has got two women this morning;" I followed at some distance - I saw them again; Sage ran away, and the girls were taken - I told the officer.


                  JAMES 
                  HUMPHRIES
               



            . I am a constable of Chelsea. Chamberlain told me he expected there had been a robbery - I took the girls, and then went to Sage's lodgings and found this piece of pork in the pot boiling - I found these hams and these eggs on the girls.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
