





1502. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     MORGAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of June
, 255 yards of ribbon, value 25s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Hall
                        




                     
                   and another
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MUIR
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Richard Hall, he has one partner; they are linen-draper's and silk-mercer's
. On the 14th of June the prisoner came to their shop- she asked for some ribbon, and some was shown her; she had several yards cut off: Davis gave me information - I saw the prisoner leave the shop, and followed her; she went into a house in Compton-street: I sent for the Policeman, and she was taken - fourteen pieces of ribbon were found in this bag, which she put down at her feet; it is in the shape of an apron, and I suppose had been tied round her.


                  DAVID 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I was serving the prisoner in the shop, I showed her some ribbon, she had several yards cut off, which came to not quite a 1s.: I watched her, and saw her putting something into her breast; I then saw her with one piece which she could not conceal - I looked at her, and she threw it down; I caught her hand: she ran out of the shop - I called to Mr. Muir; she was pursued, and ran into a house in Compton-street.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLARK
               



             (Police-constable G 88). I found the prisoner in the house; she said she had no property about her - I told her to stand on one side, and I saw the property at her feet, partly pushed under some pieces of parchment in the passage.


                  PHILIP 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I am in partnership with Richard Hall. This is our property.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - Transported 


               for Seven Years
            .
