





152. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of November
, 1 mustard-ladle, value 2s.; 5 silver spoons, value 52s.; 4 silver ladles, value 8s.; 3 cruets, value 3s.; 3 silver tops, value 4s. 6d.; 30 yards of ribbon, value 2s., and 2 umbrellas, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bodfield
                  




               
             and another; and that he had been before convicted of felony.
JAMES BODFIELD. I live in Milk-street


, and am a warehouseman
. On the morning of the 15th of November I was in my warehouse, and saw the prisoner pass my door; the impression on my mind was that he had been up stairs - I opened the door, and saw my brother come across the street; I directed him to follow the prisoner, who was still in sight - I then rang the house-bell and ascertained what had been stolen - when he came back he brought these two umbrellas; one is mine, and one is my brother's - I know the prisoner is the man.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BODFIELD
               



            . I am in partnership with my brother; we live in Milk-street. I saw the prisoner and followed him by my brother's direction - he dropped these two umbrellas at the bottom of Milk-street, and then made off down Aldermanbury; a neighbour joined in the pursuit - he was stopped at the end of Love-lane, in Wood-street.


                  JOHN 
                  LACY HAWKINS
               



            . I am a marshalman. I stopped the prisoner; he had on a shooting jacket, with large pockets - I found all these articles in his pockets, except the ribbon, which was in his hat.(Property produced and sworn to)
Prisoner. Distress drove me to it.


                  JOHN 
                  LAWS
               



            . I am an officer. I have a certificate of the conviction of the prisoner, which I got at Mr. Clark's office (read) - I was present and saw the prisoner tried.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
