





939. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CARR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of April
, 1 chaise-harness, value 40s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Ewins
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  BOYCE
               



             COX. I am a Police-officer. On the night of the 4th of April I was in St. John-street - I saw the prisoner and another come out of the Pewter Platter-yard


; the prisoner was carrying a set of harness on his shoulder; he crossed into Wilderness-row before I stopped him - I asked what he had there; he said it was his own, that he was going to take it home, and I might go with him and see where he took it to - I said it was of no consequence where he was going to take it to, but I wished to know where he got it; he then went down Pewter Platter-yard (there was another man with him); he threw down the harness under a cart, and said that was where he found it when he went down to a place of convenience - I took him to the station; but before I took him away, I saw a coach-house door open; when I had taken him away, I returned and got a light; I then found the coach-house door was broken open, and this piece of a lock was inside.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. He took you to the yard where he said he found the harness? A. Yes, but I had seen him come out there - this was about half-past twelve o'clock.


                  JESSE 
                  EAST
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Samuel Ewins, a bookbinder, who lives in Duke-street, Smithfield - he has a coach-house in Pewter Platter-yard. On the afternoon of the 4th of April I fastened the door of the coach-house, leaving this harness inside it - I found the door broken open, and the padlock broken; this is his harness.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know where the barness was? A.When I went home I left it in the coach-house, at half-past five o'clock.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
