




2334. 




JAMES LANGFORD
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
10th of October, at 
St. Marylebone, 1 cash box, value 7s.; 1 pocket-book, value 1s.; 8 sovereigns; 12 half-sovereigns; 1 order for the payment and value of 24l.; 1 bill of exchange for 50l.; 1 for 25l.; 1 for 20l. 17s. 7d.; 1 for 5l. 10s.; 1 for 20l.; 1 for 23l. 10s.; 1 for 30l.; and 1 for 9l., the goods, monies, and property of 



John Dyson, in his dwelling-house; and 





JOHN ELVIN



, as an accessory after the fact.






JOHN DYSON
. I am a grocer and cheese monger, and live in High-street, Portland Town, in the parish of St. Marylebone. The prisoner Langford came into my employ on the 6th of October, and left on the 10th, without notice—I saw him last about half-past ten o'clock at noon, and missed him about one o'clock—after he was gone I missed my cash-box from behind the I counter—it contained the bills and cash stated in the indictment—(enumerating them)—I gave notice to the police, and had it published in the "Hue and Cry"—this was on Wednesday—I did not see the prisoner again till the Sunday evening, when he was in custody.

Prisoner. At Union Hall he said he did not know exactly how much gold and silver there was in the box. Witness. I have mentioned what there was at the least—there might have been more.





HENRY GARDNER
. I am a tin-plate worker and brazier, and live in Union-street, Borough. On Friday, the 12th of October, the prisoner Elvin came to me between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, and asked me to go out and take a drop of half-and-half, for he wished to speak to me—in crossing the road he said he had a friend of his who had got some good bills he wanted discounted, if I could do it—he pointed out the prisoner Langford as his friend, and we held a conversation about the bills—I told Langford I could do nothing unless I saw them—they both said they were very excellent bills, that they knew both the drawers and acceptors, and they were sure to be taken up when they became due, that they were at different dates—I asked the amount, and I think it was Langford said about 167l.—I appointed to meet them at six o'clock in the evening, having some suspicion, and at seven o'clock in the evening I met them at the Goldsmiths'Arms, Southwark-bridge-road—Langford there produced the bills out of a red morocco pocket-book—I sat next to Elvin, and he handed them over me—I took particular notice of several of the names, and one

bill for 20l. 17s. 7d. was not endorsed on the back—I told them I thought that would not do—I arranged to meet them on the following evening between seven and eight o'clock, at the same house—I went and got the "Hue and Cry," and then told Hornsby, the policeman, of my appointment—I went to the Goldsmiths' Arms in the evening, and arrived before the prisoners—they came in together—we got into conversation about the bills, and the bills were then produced—they were the same as I had seen before—Hornsby came in and took possession of them—I had agreed with him to be in attendance.





GEORGE HORNSBY
. I am an Inspector of the police. I made an appointment to attend the Goldsmiths' Arms, on Saturday evening—I saw the two prisoners go in—I looked through the window, and saw Lanoford produce a bundle of papers from his pocket, and put them on the table—I went into the parlour and took possession of them, and found they were the bills in question—I asked Langford what his name was—if it was Langford—he said it was not—I took them into custody, and at the station-house Langford acknowledged that his name was Langford—I found in Elvin's pocket a card with a number of figures on it corresponding with the amounts of nearly the whole of the bills stolen—I asked him how he became possessed of the card—he said he had had it in his possession upwards of three weeks—I asked him how those figures came on it—he said he did not know, it had never been out of his possession.





JOHN DYSON

re-examined. These are my bills—here is one for 20l., one for 50l., one for 25l., one for 20l. 17s. 7d., unendorsed, and one far 23l. 10s., that is all—the 24l., 5l. 10s., 30l., and 9l. bills, are missing—they are part of the property I lost.





HENRY GARDNER

re-examined. I reckoned up the amount of the bills as 167l., which he stated them to be, but at that time they had the cheque on Prescott for 24l., and the bill for 5l. 10s.—Langford said I should give 90l. for the bills, and that would allow handsomely for the discount—Elvin was present at the conversation, and sat next to me at the time—he was between me and Langford, and could not be off hearing.

Elvin. Q. Did not you sit between me and Langford? A. I do not believe on that occasion that I did—we were all close together—he received the bills from Langford, and handed them to me separately, as I ticked them off on paper, and when we came to the bill for 20l. 17s. 7d., I said that was no use, it was not endorsed.
(The bills were here ready also the following memorandum on the card, found on Elvin:—24l., 5l. 10l., 50l., 20l., 25l., 20l. 17s. 7d., 23l. 10s., total, 178l. 17s. 7d.)





GEORGE HORNSBY

re-examined. I have another card, found on Langford, with the amount of the stamp on each bill, written against it-(read)—50l.—3s. 6d.; 20l.—1s. 6d.; 23l.—2s. 6d.; 20l. 17s. 7d.—2s. 6d.

Langford's Defence. The reason I left Mr. Dyson was on account of my friends not bringing my things—I went home, and as I went past St. John's Wood chapel, I picked up the bills.

Elvin's Defence. Previous to going to the Goldsmiths' Arms on Saturday evening, I was in company with a young man, a cheesemonger, before I met Langford—we went into a public-house, and had something to drink together, and while there, Langford asked me for a pencil and a piece of paper—I gave him that card, and while I was talking to the young man, he returned the card to me folded up—I did not look at it—I had no idea

of any figures on it—by his request I accompanied him to the Goldsmiths' Arms—as to any knowledge of bills being stolen, I took no part in the transaction, which the young man, who was in my company on Saturday night, could prove.
(Andrew Elvin, paper-stainer, Gloucester-street, Spa-fields; James Elvin, tailor, 32, Perceval-street, Clerkenwell;—M'Carthy, hair-dresser, Maiden-lane, Covent Garden; and John Stubbs, journeyman grocer, Mitre-street, Aldgate; deposed to Elvin's good character.) LANGFORD—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years. ELVIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.—



Confined One Year.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.
