



972. 




CHARLES WILSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
20th of February, 1 pair of boots, value 4s., the goods of 



William Cook; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM COOK
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Clare-market. About four o'clock in the afternoon, on the 20th of February, I saw the prisoner come to the door—he looked through the window, put his hand inside the door-way, untwisted this pair of boots off the nail, put them together, and ran away—I pursued him into the market—he ran into Bear-yard into a public-house, and into Vere-street—the officer and I took him together—he had thrown down the boots, and my apprentice took them up—I am positive he is the person who took them—I had watched him about the door for several days.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me run into the public-house? A. No, but the policeman followed you up Bear-yard, and you ran into the back-way of the Bull's Head, and into Vere-street—the landlord said you was not there to have any thing to drink.





COLIN FORBES
 (police-constable T 115.) On the afternoon of the 20th of February I was on duty, and saw the prisoner run up Bear-yard—he went into the back door of the Bull—I went in, saw him going out of the front-door, and took him.

Prisoner. I had been half an hour in the house, and had a pint of beer—I told you, if you would ask the landlady, she would tell you so, and you said, "That is not my business." Witness. I saw you go in at the back door—I lost sight of you in the house, but I took you coming out of the front—some one did say, "I think that is him, policeman"—I went to

the house to know if you had had any thing to drink, and they said you had not.

Prisoners Defence. I was coming up Holborn at three o'clock, and met a shopmate of my brother's—he asked me to have a pint of beer—I went with him to that house, and remained till near four o'clock, when I was taken—the prosecutor says the boots were stolen at four o'clock, and I was at Bow-street office by four o'clock.





CHARLES MULLINS
 (police-constable E 26.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—the prisoner is the man who was tried—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
