





2326. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     PYNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of August
, 1 box, value 2s.; 5 gowns, value 30s.; 8 petticoats, value 8s.; 1 cloak, value 8s.; 4 shifts, value 6s.; 4 bed-gowns, value 4s.; 1 shawl, value 3s.; 1 apron, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 8 pairs of stockings, value 8s., and 1 pair of shoes, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Honeyman
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  HONEYMAN
               



            . I am servant at the Mail Coach public-house, in Farringdon-street




. I left a box of wearing apparel with my sister, containing the property stated, and some other things - I never received it again; I had seen the prisoner at my sister's; my property was worth 8l. or 9l.


                  MARY 
                  OAKLEY
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's sister. She left her box with me; I employed the prisoner to carry it to Mary-street, Paddington - it was locked when I gave it to her; I was to pay her when she came back, but she never came - I saw her again when she was taken, and she had a flannel petticoat of my sister's on; she said a man she lived with in the Commercial-road had persuaded her to open the box, - that she had pawned the things, and I should have them back.


                  HENRY 
                  RICHARD GEESON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Dexter, a pawnbroker. I have a cloak, pawned at his shop on the 4th of August; I have no recollection of the person - I have seen some duplicates in the officer's possession, and one of them relates to the cloak.


                  DAVID 
                  CONDON
               



             (Police-constable H 159.) I apprehended the prisoner; I found this flannel petticoat on her - she told Oakley that she had pawned part of the things, and left the duplicates with Mr. James, in John-street, Whitechapel-road; I went there, and got them.


                  RACHAEL 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am the wife of William James. On the 4th of August the prisoner came to my aunt's house, in John-street, with a box - I saw her unlock the box; I did not hear any man persuade her to do it - she took a silk shawl out; she left the box with me till the next Monday, and then took it away; she afterwards left some duplicates with me - I gave them to the officer.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met a young man I had known for six years; he asked if he should carry it for me; I said I would thank him - he went to Union-street, Back Church-lane, and he asked me to go and have half a pint of beer, which I did; he stood outside with the box; he opened it, and pawned some of the things - I did not know what to do; I took the box to James' house, and left it there, to see if I could make up the money to get the things - I met the young man again; he asked if he should see me any more; I said he might do as he pleased, he had been my ruin - I then went and got the box, and he took it quite away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Sevent Years
            .
