





1309. 
               
                  MARY ANN 
                  CORKER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of May
, 1 spoon, value 10s.; 1 tablecloth, value 2s., and 1 window-curtain, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lloyd
                  




               
            , her master.


                  SARAH 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lloyd
               



             - he is a merchant's clerk
, and lives in Walcot-place, Hackney-road


. The prisoner lived with me two different times, as servant
 of all-work - I missed a cap on the Friday before Whit-Sunday; she had left me that day, saying she was ill, and would return when she got better on the Tuesday following I found her at quite a different address to what she had given me, and her name was also changed; she had never lived with me by the name by which she appears here, and her friends and every thing was changed - when I took her she asked what she was accused of; I said I missed an infant's cap, and some other things - she said she had never taken them; I had missed the spoon long before that, and suspected another servant.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARVEY
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Goodburn, a pawnbroker, at Islington. I have a table-cloth and curtain, pawned by a female, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Lloyd
               



             - I cannot say who.


                  JOHN 
                  COX
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner on the 24th, and found twelve duplicates on her, but none for these articles; I found a silver thimble on her, and three keys and this window-curtain in a room in which I was informed she had slept the night before - as I was taking her to the office, we passed a pawnbroker's, and she said, "The spoon is in here, which I pawned in my mistress' name;" we went in, and found it - she said she had burnt the duplicate.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BOOKER
               



            . I have a spoon, pawned with me by a female, in the name of Ann Lloyd.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Mrs. Lloyd held out a promise that if I would confess, she would forgive me, and take me back again, and on those terms I owned it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
