




2954. 




JOHN JONES, alias
 Dyer

, and 




JOHN MARTIN
, were indicted for

feloniously assaulting 



Mary Cockburn, on the 
20th of October, with a felonious intent to rob her.






MARY COCKRURN
. I am a widow, and live in Cook's-buildings, Haswell-place, Old Kent-road, in a house by myself. On the 20th of October, a little after seven o'clock in the evening, I was sitting in my parlour—a knock came to the door—I went with a candle to the door, unbolted it, and opened it—three men rushed in before the door was quite opened, and knocked the candle and candlestick out of my hand—I had no light then, and do not know whether they shut the door after them or not—the man who came in first immediately threw me backwards on the end of the sofa. which was just inside the parlour-door, and my head went through a square of glass in a window at the back—it made a great rattle—I screamed "Murder," three times, and said, "For God's sake don't murder me; if it is money you want I have that for you"—the man immediately put his hand on my face, and forced three of his fingers into my mouth—his hand was as rough as a brick, and his fingers stopped my breath—one of them was a youth—I cannot speak to their persons, as I was in the dark, but a glance of light came from the fen-light, and the one I had the most sight of was the one not in custody—the man who stood second, took a bed-pillow off the sofa to prevent my screaming, clapped it over ray face, held it down with his two hands, and at the same time I saw him, by a glance through the fan-light, take a penknife

out of his pocket—the man who knocked me down, directly said, "No, you b—, you shan't do that," and shoved him away, and they all three suddenly rushed out of the house, taking the street-door key with them—I have not the least doubt they intended to rob MR.





JOHN CRUMP
. I am a comb-maker, and lire in Alford-place, Old Kent-road. About half-past seven o'clock on the evening in question, I was going home, and passed Mrs. Cockburn's house—when I got near the house, I heard a disturbance—I went near the window, and heard a faint scream, and heard Mrs. Cockburn say, "If it is money you want, you shall have it, if you won't murder me"—I heard a square of glass break, and then heard a man say, "Open the door, we will be off"—he repeated that twice—I went nearer the door, and was about three yards from it, when the two prisoners and another came out—the other man went one way, and the two prisoners another—I swear positively they are the two men—they said, "We will cut it"—I followed them for about a quarter of an hour—then set two men to watch them, went and fetched a policeman, and went up to them, and seized them—they were then in the same street as the prosecutrix lives in—I said, "I have caught you, have I?"—they said, "What is the charge?"—I said, "You have been entering Mrs. Cockburn's house"—they said nothing to that—we took them to Mrs. Cockburn's house, and when we got into the house I heard a key drop—I picked it up and gave it to the policeman—it is a skeleton-key—in taking them to the station-house, I saw Jones in the act of trying to get something down his sleeve, and saw him put something over into a garden—I heard it jingle—I went there next morning, and found a crow-bar—I have not the least doubt about the prisoners—I know them perfectly well by their person and dress, as well as their voices—it was a moon-light night, and the gas was lighted.





JOHN HELLYBR WOOLVEN
 (police-constable P 53.) In consequence of what Crump told me, I apprehended the two prisoners about twenty yards from Mrs. Cockburn's house—they denied the charge, and denied being any where near the place—I sent for a brother-constable, who came to my assistance—I searched Martin, but found nothing on him—my brother officer searched him afterwards, and found two skeleton-keys in his left trowsers pocket—we took the prisoners into Mrs. Cockburn's to see if she could identify them, and I saw Jones trying to conceal something beneath the pillow, on the sofa—Mrs. Cockburn then took up the pillow to show how the men put it to her face, and a key fell from it—Crump picked it up and gave it to Mason.





THOMAS MASON
. I am a policeman. I searched Jones, and found two skeleton-keys on him—Crump gave me this crow-bar—it is a regular house-breaking tool.

Jones's Defence (written.) "I left home last Sunday evening, at a quarter to seven o'clock, to go and see my brother and sister, in Earl-street; but, unfortunately, going down Alford-place, the young man laid hold of my collar, and told the policeman to lay hold of the other young man, who was walking behind, and who I never saw before. He accused me of being in the prosecutrix's house; he likewise says he saw us come out, and followed us a quarter of an hour, and never made any alarm to have persons taken, who he says he suspected were robbers. He lost sight of us ten minutes. If we were guilty persons, is it likely we should be on the same spot twenty minutes? I had never been down the street before that evening."


Martin's Defence. "I was walking two or three yards behind this man; I never saw him before to my knowledge; I know nothing about it. I had been taking a walk, and was returning home when the policeman laid hold of me."

JONES*—


GUILTY
. Aged* 45.—


Transported for Life.

MARTIN†—


GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
