



1919. 




HENRY HARRIS, alias
 Hurst

, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of August, 1 watch, value 29l.; 1 seal, value 15s.; 1 watch-key, value 4s.; and 1 watch-ribbon, value 6d.; the goods of 


Roderick M'Leod, from his person.

Rev. RODERICK M'LEOD. D. D. I reside in Dean-street, Soho. On the 3rd of August I was walking towards St. Martin's court—when I got there I was pressed on by several persons—I put my hand to my fob immediately, and my watch was gone—it was worth 30l.—I have never seen it since—I cannot tell who the persons were.





JOHN FOX
. I live in Castle-street, Long-acre. I was passing through St. Martin's-lane, and saw the prosecutor—I saw a seal and key hanging from his pocket, and saw the prisoner and another person rush across the court to the prosecutor, and stop him—they were there about a minute or more—the prisoner then pushed on one side, and ran away—I looked at the prosecutor, and saw his seal and key were gone—I followed the pri soner, and did not lose sight of him—another person joined him—they left off running in Long-acre, and walked along—I am sure the prisoner is the person—another man was taken into custody on suspicion.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. What are you? A. A labour ing man—I was not working for any one at that time—I was walk ing down St. Martin's-lane—I am a porter in Covent-garden-market, and have a relation there who is a market-gardener—I was going to the Haymarket on business of my own—I was alone—Geaton was not with me—there might be about a dozen persons coming through the court, but I should say there were not more than two or three imme diately about the prosecutor—I saw the prisoner rush against the prose cutor, and stop his progress—that I swear—he was taken in Covent-garden Market—I could not see a policeman till we came there—I was within twenty yards of him in St. Martin's-court—I am sure he ran away—he was alone then, but another one joined him near Slaughter's Coffee-house, in St. Martin's-lane—he turned round the corner of Long-acre, but I did not lose sight of him—I was too near for that—I charged a person named Moore with being like the other man, but he turned out to be a respectable man—I was mistaken.





CHARLES GEATON
. I am a tailor, and live in Haddon-street, Regent-street. I was in the court, and saw the prisoner rush against the prosecutor, and stop his progress—another man, in a brown coat, was in company with him—the prosecutor was pushed and backed up against me—he said, "I have lost my watch, I have lost my watch;" and I saw the prisoner run away immediately—I have no doubt about his being the man—I saw no one but him and the other man rush against the prosecutor.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you present when Fox stopped him? A. Yes—he said, "You accuse me wrongfully, I am innocent, I am not guilty of any robbery"—the watch has never been found—I am not mistaken in the man—I never said I was not sure he was the man—I did not charge Mr. Moore with being one of them—I have no doubt about the prisoner.

MR. CLARKSON
to
DR. M'LEOD. Q. Did you charge any other person besides the prisoner with being concerned in this offence? A. No, there were two men brought back.

COURT. Q. How long before you missed your watch had you seen it safe? A. Just before I got into the Court—I took it out to see what time of day it was, and then felt it safe in my pocket.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.

