






813. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILSON, alias 
ANDERSON





               
            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Earrington
                        



                     
                  , on the 24th of October

, and stealling 3 gowns, value 30s.; 1 scarf, value 10s.; 1 cloak, value 20s.; 1 shawl, value 8s.; 1 necklace, value 2s.; 1 gold pin, value 2s., and 1 coat, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Grimes
                        



.
MARY GRIMES. I am servant
 to Robert Earrington, who keeps the Blue Posts, Holborn





. On the 24th of October the prisoner, who was a stranger, came about nine o'clock, and engaged a bed; he went to bed in the top room, about eleven o'clock, and paid 1s. 6d. for the bed that night - he went away next morning, about seven o'clock; I went up to the room about ten, and missed a frock-coat, which was tied in brown paper, and put into the cupboard of the room he slept in; a gentleman had left it in my care - I missed from my box,in the opposite room to his, three gowns and the other things; I slept in that room, and am sure I closed the door when I left, but did not lock it - the things were taken after I got up.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Were you the chambermaid? A. Yes - we had no other lodger that night; I never saw the prisoner before - he came to me in the morning, and asked if he could have a bed again that night; I said Yes - he said he would come back about two and let me know; I was the only female servant, and my room is on the second floor - it was fastened with a spring latch; I polled it too, but did not lock it - I have found nothing but a piece of my gown.
COURT. Q. Did he come back, as he said he would? A. No.
ROBERT EARRINGTON. I rent the house. I recollect the prisoner sleeping there on the 24th of October, and am quite certain of him; I got up at half-past seven o'clock, but did not go into the servant's room at all; I have not a doubt of the prisoner's person - we had no other lodger that night; I saw the prisoner at the Mansion-house about a month ago - he is the man, although he has trimmed his whiskers; he had whiskers down to his neckcloth when at my house - he has now very small ones; they were the same at the Mansion-house as when I saw him at my house.
Cross-examined. Q. Was he a stranger to you? A. Perfectly so; I know nobody had been up stairs the morning he left, as they must pass my room.
JURY. Q. Did you attend on him? A. I did - he had a pint or two of porter, and I waited on him.


                  JOHN 
                  ROE
               



            . I am an officer of the Mansion-house. The prisoner was brought there on this charge on the 24th of February, and on the 27th I went to his house in Blue Anchor-alley, Bunhill-row; I found a woman there who had been brought to the Mansion-house, as his wife; I followed her home - she represented herself as his cousin; I am not certain that the prisoner lived there - I found in that house this piece of a gown.
MARY GRIMES. This is part of my gown tail; I had made the tail, but not finished the body - it is my own work.
Prisoner's Defence. There are a number of prints of the same pattern.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 38.
814. JAMES WILSON, alias ANDERSON, was again indicted 


               for stealing, on the 30th of January

, 2 coats, value 7l. 10s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 25s.; 1 shaving-case, value 20s.; 2 waistcoats, value 2l.; 1 cravat, value 4s.; 1 stock, value 2s., and 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph Autrim 
                           Webb
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph York 
                           Oliver
                        



.


                  JOSEPH 
                  YORK OLIVER
               



            . I keep the City hotel, King-street, Cheapside





. I believe the prisoner lodged at my house on the 30th of January, but I will not swear to his person - Mr. Webb lodged at my house, and a complaint was made to me about four o'clock on the 31st, of the loss of this property; on the 24th or 25th of February, my waiter brought the prisoner to the house, in custody - he had recognized him in the street, and charged him with breaking open Mr. Webb's trunk; he said he had never been in my house before, and did not know there was such an inn.
JOSEPH ANTRIM WEBB. I am a tanner
. On the 30th of January I was lodging at Mr. Oliver's house, in the upper part; I do not recollect seeing the prisoner there - on the morning of the 31st I packed up all my things in my trunk, as I was going to leave town at night; I saw them safe in my room between seven and eight o'clock in the morning; they were the articles stated in the indictment -I went out, returned in the afternoon, and my things were gone.
Cross-examined. Q. You do not know that you ever saw the prisoner before? A. No - I did not spend my evening at the coffee-house that night.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLE
               



            . I am waiter at Mr. Oliver's. I am quite certain of the prisoner's person - he came into the coffee-room about half-past nine o'clock in the evening, asked for a bed, and had one; I inquired his name - he said Anderson: he had a carpet-bag in his hand, and a great coat on his arm - I asked if I should take his luggage up stairs; he said No, he would take it up himself when he went up - he slept on the same floor as Mr. Webb - he came down about nine o'clock, and asked for his hill; he said he was in a great hurry, and if I told him what he was to pay, he would not wait for the bill - he paid me, and left; he had very prominent whiskers then: about six o'clock in the evening I heard of this loss - this was Tuesday, and about the Friday week following I saw him in Finsbury-square; I thought I knew him, and upon looking at him I recollected he was the man, and from the description I had received of Mr. Webb's things, I had every reason to think they were on his back; I followed him into a court by the Tabernacle chapel, but I could find no Policeman; he went somewhere in the court - I sent a boy to fetch my master, and watched at the end of the court till master came, but I could see nothing of him- I saw him in about a fortnight, in Coleman-street, and followed him to the end of the street; he went into two or three shops - I got the street-keeper, and we took him tothe hotel; he was taken to the Mansion-house - this was about the 24th of February.
Cross-examined. Q. How many people slept in the house that night? A. Six or seven, they were all customers except the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  GENNER
               



            . I am a porter at the City hotel. -When the prisoner came in I was called to take his luggage up to his room, but he would not let me touch it; he took it up himself in about two hours and a half - I saw him when he asked for his chamber candle; I took the boot-jack to him - he refused to have his boots cleaned, as he said he wanted to go to Aldermanbury, and should return and have them cleaned then; I saw him about twenty minutes past nine o'clock in the morning, for about five minutes; he stood at the bottom of the stairs, with his coat over his hand, and his carpet-bag in his hand - he gave me 3d., and went away; I cannot be mistaken in his person; his whiskers were much larger than they are now- when he was brought to the hotel I did not at first recognize him, but directly he took his hat off I said I could swear to him, as I had seen him without his hat.


                  MARY 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am chambermaid at the hotel. On the 30th of January the prisoner slept there - I am certain of him; he slept at No. 12, on the same floor as Mr. Webb - he went to bed between eleven and twelve o'clock; I took his candle up, and asked if I should take his carpet-bag: he would not let me - I saw him in the morning, coming out of his bed-room door, and have not a doubt of him; he had large whiskers then: I saw him again when he was brought to the house - his whiskers were not removed then; that has been done since; I was sweeping his room in the course of the day, and found a quantity of cabbage-leaves and young cabbages under the bed; they would fill his carpet-bag - if they had been there when I lighted him up, I must have seen them.


                  JOHN 
                  ROE
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner - his whiskers were taken off while he was at the Compter.


                  CHARLES 
                  WORLEY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Castles, a pawnbroker, of Old-street. I have two coats, a shaving-case, and waistcoat, which I took in pawn from a female, in the name of Ann Mitchell, Thomas-street, Hackney-road, for two guineas, on the 24th of February - I would sell them for 3l.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  KENSEY
               



            . I am the prisoner's wife.
COURT. Then you cannot be examined.


                  CHARLES 
                  WORLEY
               



            . That is the person who pawned them, I am certain.
MR. WEBB. These articles are mine, I am certain; I left my portmanteau locked, and when I returned the lock appeared to have been hampered - the end of it was ripped up, and the things dragged out; it appeared prized open; this shaving-case is worth 1l.
Cross-examined. Q. You have had the great coat some time, perhaps? A. Yes, but not worn it much.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the things at a public-sale in Rosemary-lane.
MR. OLIVER. The goods being lost in my house I paid the prosecutor 10l. for them.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 38




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
