





521. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th. of January
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James Thomas 
                           Walsh
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  THOMAS WALSH
               



            . I live at Camberwell. On the 9th of January, about ten minutes to ten o'clock in the morning, I was between Darkhouse-lane and Billings-gate-market


; I had just left my carriage, and felt my handkerchief going from my outside pocket - I instantly turned round, and the prisoner was close to me; I collared him - he trod on my heels; nobody else was near enough to take it - the moment I laid hold of him I perceived my handkerchief laying behind him; it could not have dropped out of my pocket - I said, "You scoundrel, give me my handkerchief;" he said, "I have not got it," and at that moment a gentleman picked it up at his feet.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  STENNETT
               



            . I was in Thames-street, and heard Mr. Walsh charge the prisoner with having robbed him of a handkerchief; I stood a moment or two, and then saw a handkerchief drop from behind the prisoner; I do not think it could drop from any body but him.


                  JAMES 
                  JUDD
               



            . I took him into custody; he said nothing to the charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I was seeking for work; there was a crowd, and I could not get on - the gentleman accused me of taking his handkerchief, of which I am innocent.
MR. WALSH. There was no crowd till the alarm was given.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
