



1069. 




MARY GOUGH, alias
 Thomas

 was indicted

for that she having been convicted of unlawfully uttering counterfeit coin, did afterwards feloniously utter to 



Thomas Smith, a false and counterfeit shilling well knowing it to be counterfeit, against the statute, &c.


MESSRS. SCARLETT
and
ELLIS
conducted the prosecution.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistance-solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Mary Gough for uttering counterfeit coin, at the Surrey adjourned Sessions, in December 1833, (read.)





HENRY MITCHELL
. I am a policeman I was present at the prisoner's trial at the Surrey Sessions in December, 1833—I was a witness examined on the trial—I will take my oath she is the person who was convicted.

Thomas Smith. I am a hair-dresser, and live in Farrier's-rents, Bishopsgate-street. On the 15th of March, about half-past five o'clock in the afternoon. the prisoner came to my shop for a penny pot of blacking, which I gave her—she down a shilling—I could not give her change—I called my wife down, and she had not got change—i said, "I must step out to get change"—I had the shilling in my possession—I did not get change—I returned to my shop with Bleechmore, a policeman—I saw the prisoner at the corner of the court, not in the shop—she was watching me, and seeing me and the policeman coming, she ran away—we pursued, and too her in Halfmoon-alley, Bishopsgate-street—i marked the shilling, and gave it to the policeman—I am sure I gave him the same shilling.





JAMES BLEECHMORE
. I am a policeman. On the 15th of March, Smith came to me, and pointed out the prisoner, who was standing at the corner of Half-moon-alley—I went to her to take her, but she ran away—I pursued, and took her—she had got a penny pot if blacking—I searched her, and found one penny on her, a cap, some blond lace and net, and some ribbon—i charged her with having uttered counterfeit money—she said it was not her, that she had not been passing bad money—Smith gave me 1s.

which I have—I asked her where she lived, she would not cell me—I took her to the station-house, and on going from there to the Compter, I asked her what she was crying about—she said was done this times, for she began work too soon, and she wished she had got the shilling from the old fellow, she would have swallowed that as she had swallowed many more—I asked her name—she said "Mary Allen," but she would rather say "Thomas" as there would be too many alias's.





JANE BONNER
. I am servant to Mr. Francis of the European Coffee-house, in Mansion-house-street. On the 3rd of March the prisoner came for a glass of run and shrub, which came to 2d—she offered half-a-crown—I observed it was bed directly she laid it down, I told her no—I do not exactly know what she said—a young person was standing by my side—I showed it to her, and gave it to my master—I am sure I gave him the one I had from the prisoner—it was not out of mu sight.





ABRAHAM FRANCIS
. I received a half-crown from Bonner—i seat for a constable, and gave it to him.





ROBERT HINTON LIDDALL
. I apprehended the prisoner on the 3rd of March—i received this half-crowns from Mr. Francis—only 2d. was found on the prisoner—she was discharged on the 5th—she called herself Mary Thomas.





WILLIAM JACKSON
. I am a publican, live in Clerkenwell. On the evening of the 3rd of March, the prisoner came to my house for a half-pint of porter and offered a bad half-crown in payment—I immediately shut the door, and sent for an officer—she gave me another half-crown for it, a good one—in taking her to the office we expected to find the bad half-crown was on her person, and when she got there we could not find it—I gave her back the had half-crown when she gave me a good one.





ROBERT GINGER
. I am a policeman. On the 10th of March I apprehended the prisoner, and in going to the station-house she put her hand to her mouth several times—I asked her the cause of it, and she said she had got a sore mouth—her mouth bled and she spit blood several times going along, and so she did at the station-house—she put her hand to her mouth with her shawl—she gave the name of Mary Thomas.

MR. FIELD. The shilling and half-crown produced are both counterfeit.

prisoner's Defence When I gave Mrs. Bonner the half-crown, she gave it to another young woman to give me change, for she compared it with another she took the night before, and showed it to some omnibus and cabman in the place some said it was good, and some had—the lady said nothing to me about sending for a policeman till her policeman came in—I think it impossible she can which is the half-crown I gave her.




GUILTY
. Aged 23—


Transported for Life.
