





2021. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     POYSER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of September
, 4 pieces of merino, value 8l.; 16 pieces of printed cotton, value 9l., and 1 wrapper, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Bright
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARE
               



            . I am an officer of the Tower. On the 4th of September I was at the corner of Plough-street, in Whitechapel, a quarter before eight o'clock in the evening; I saw a man come round the corner with a hat in his hand - as soon as he saw me he made a stop, and soon after the prisoner came round with this package on his shoulder; I looked in his face, and said, "Ah, Teddy! is it you?" he said he had been employed by a man in the Commercial-road to carry the package, and he was going to take it to the Kent and Essex tavern - I took him to the watch-house, and opened the package, in which I found the bill of parcels.


                  EDWARD 
                  BRIGHT
               



            . I am a carrier
. I took this bale of goods on my waggon at the Kent and Essex yard


; it is directed for Mr. Bell - I did not miss it till I got below Epping.


                  GEORGE 
                  BUCKLAND
               



            . I packed the truss, and took it to the Kent and Essex tavern, from Messrs. Hadland and Co.'s, Cheapside.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that a gentleman met him in the street, and employed him to carry the hale to Kent and Essex yard.


                  EDWARD 
                  BRIGHT
               



             re-examined. Q. Was your waggon tilted? A. Yes, and this was in the middle of it - I was driving it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
