






1519. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     OMER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     RAYNER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joshua 
                           Flight
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOSHUA FLIGHT. I am a waiter
, and live in Field-place. On the 17th of September I was at Enfield Races


, between three and four o'clock - the policeman came up and spoke to me - I then missed my handkerchief - he pointed out the two prisoners to me - Omer threw my handkerchief from his hat on the seat - this is it.
Omer. Q. What can you swear to it by? A. By some stains on it - I had it in my pocket half an hour before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SERVANT
               



             (police-constable A 14). I was at the races - I saw the two prisoners in company - they went behind several persons, and Omer lifted their pockets - he then went behind the prosecutor, and Rayner stood so as to hide him - I got by their side and saw Omer's elbow moving - I asked the prosecutor if he had lost any thing - he said he had, and we took the prisoners into a booth, and Omer threw the handkerchief on the seat.
Omer. Q. Did you see me take the handkerchief out of his pocket? A. I saw your elbow move.
Rayner. Q. Did you see me with Omer? A. You were together.
Omer's Defence, (written.) "I saw a handkerchief lying about six feet from me - I took it upand put it in my pocket - any one, I am sure, did not see me pick it up, and I did not tell any one of it - I kept the handkerchief about ten or twelve minutes, when the policeman came and took me and my fellow-prisoner into the booth - my fellow-prisoner seemed greatly surprised when he was taken - as we were taken into the booth the thought struck me of the handkerchief that I had picked up, and I thought some one lost it - I went to take it out of my pocket, but I dropped it."
(
               
                  Thomas 
                  Simmons
               



            , a weaver; 
               
                  Jane 
                  Spencer
               



             and 
               
                  Cuthbert 
                  Holland
               



            , a weaver of Mile-end, gave Omer> a good character; and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Berry
               



            , a wood-cutter, gave Rayner a good character.)
OMER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
RAYNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
