





1956. 
               
                  
                     LOUISA 
                     INSKIP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Henry George 
                           Steer
                        




                     
                  , on the 7th of October, putting him in fear and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 watch, value 4l.; 1 watch-guard, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 4 half-crowns, 7 shillings, and 1 sixpence, his property
            .

HENRY GEORGE STEER. I live in Henry-street, Lambeth, and am a boot and shoemaker
. On the 7th of October, about three o'clock in the morning, I was in Farringdon-street


 - I had been to a party at Whitechapel, and was not sober, but knew what I was about: I had been with my brother and friends - I thought it not safe to go home over London-bridge; I was alone, and when I had got twelve or eighteen houses down Farringdon-street, out of Smithfield, a man ran out of some place, struck me a blow in the side, and knocked me down - he came from a street on the left-hand side; he came out so suddenly I did not observe what turning he came from - he was alone, and after that I got up, and he ran away; I had a gold watch, three gold seals, and a key, protected by a guard round my neck, four half-crowns, and 7s. 6d. in silver, in my pocket, when I got into Farringdon-street - I cannot say whether the man took any of my money, or my handkerchief; I should think I was two or three minutes on the ground, and am certain that when I got up I had my watch safe - when I got up two women crossed over the way, as I thought, to render me assistance; they came to me - I could not recognize their persons; one was short and the other tall - I cannot say whether the prisoner was one; one of them said to me, "You are very dirty" - I said, "Yes, I have just been knocked down;" one put her arm round my neck, and the other snatched my watch from my fob - I had hurt my knee very much with the fall, and could not run, but I followed them down Fieldlane, as they went that way; when I got up there I lost sight of them - I met a Policeman at the corner of West-street, and told him what had happened; he told me to follow him, which I did - I lost sight of him for a minute or two, and while I was looking about, another Policeman came up, and I went with him to the station-house, Clerkenwell; I there saw the prisoner and my watch - I had got the seals and chain in my hand in the struggle, and kept them - the guard broke, and they only got the watch: the woman who put her hand round my neck pretended to brush the dirt off - I have not seen the other woman since, nor the man who knocked me down.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. At what time had you left your friends? A. About half-past two o'clock I had not looked at my watch; I came direct from Whitechapel - I did not mean to cross the bridge, and came across Bishopsgate-street, down Sun-street, Finsbury, and across Smithfield; that was not out of the way to go over Blackfriars-bridge - I do not think Cornhill would have been the straightest way; I called at no public-house on the road - I was not at the Red Lion, in Poppin's-court; I did not say I lived in Kennington-lane, at the station-house- I wrote my address there; I was rather elevated - I noticed as the man ran away that he had a brown coat on; he knocked me down with his fist - he either came out of a house or a street.


                  THOMAS 
                  SARSFIELD
               



            . I am a Policeman. I saw the prosecutor, about half-past three o'clock, in West-street, at the corner of Field-lane - he complained of having been robbed by two women; I had just met the prisoner and another woman going through Black Boy-alley, which leads into West-street - I let them go on, and when I came to the bottom I met Steer, who told me he had been robbed of a gold watch; I then went after them - they had got nearly two hundred yards, as far as Turnmill-street; I laid hold of them both by each hand, and the prisoner dropped the watch which I now produce - I am quite sure I saw her drop it; I picked it up, and held her till another constable came - we took them to the station, and they were both committed; the bill against the other has been thrown out - I sent another constable to look for Steer; he came to the station, and claimed the watch directly he saw it - he was rather in liquor, but not insensible; he spoke rationally - he identified it again at the Mansion-house; I gave it to the inspector to lock up, but I put my mark on it first, and am certain this is the same.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure of it? A. I have my mark on it, and I took the No. 2154 - the prosecutor did not describe it before he saw it - he had said it was a gold watch; he could walk as steady as I could - he stated he had been robbed in Farringdon-street, and I found the prisoner about four hundred yard from there.
H. G. STEER. This is my watch - I bought it about nine months ago of my brother; it is worth 4l.
Cross-examined. Q. I think you said you did not meet any women in you walk? A. Not to speak to them - none of them touched me; I am quite sure none of them surrounded me - they may have said "Good night" or so, but I said nothing to them; I am a married man.


                  JOHN 
                  SHACKLOCK
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was coming through Black-boy-alley, about half-past three o'clock, and met the prisoner and another woman - the tall one said to the short one "I thought he would have knocked you down;" the short one replied, "I thought he would" - we went on the corner of Field-lane, and met Steer, who said he had lost a gold watch; we returned, and took both the women in Turnmill-street; I saw Sarsfield stoop and pick up a watch when I took them - he took it to the station-house, where Steer identified it - he was sober enough to describe what had passed.
Cross-examined. Q. How were the women standing when he picked something up? A. He had seized them both, and they stood rather against the wall; the prisoner appeared to have dropped something; her right hand was to the wall - I did not see her drop it.




               GUILTY of stealing from the person, but not with force and violence
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
