





330. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     REDDING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December
, 2 coats, value 20s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 1s.; 1 shirt, value 2s., and 1 handkerchief, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Ross
                  




               
            .


                  DAVID 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I keep a sale-shop, in Field-lane, Holborn. On the 18th of December the prisoner came and brought two coats, a waistcoat, a shirt, and a handkerchief; I asked whose they were - he said they belonged to a gentleman's servant; he asked so much under the value that I did not like to buy them - I said he must take me to the person; he took me to Clerkenwell, pointed down in a vault, and said there was the young man - I found no one there, and gave him in charge.


                  THOMAS 
                  MORFORD
               



            . I was on duty in Field-lane on the 18th of December. Davis gave me the prisoner and the property.
JOSEPH FLEXEN. I am a bricklayer, and live in the house with Ross, at No. 20, Northampton-street, Clerkenwell. The prisoner was at work with me as a labourer, inRoss' room, who was at the Three Tuns, and did not returns till ten o'clock at night - it was half-past three when the prisoner and I went to clear the room - I went out at four, and did not return till nine.


                  HENRY 
                  ROSS
               



            . I am ninety-five years of age. These things are mine, and were in my room on the 18th of December; they were locked in a box, which was broken open.
Prisoner's Defence. They were given to me to go and sell, and the man was to give me some of the money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19 - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
