





1221. 
               
                  
                     HENRIETTA 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously putting off, on the 8th of May, 12 counterfeit crown-pieces, at and for a lower rate and value than the same did by their denomination import and were counterfeited for
            .
MESSRS. SCARLETT and ELLIS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROSE
               



            . On the 8th of May I met Goff and Myers at the Plough - Goff searched me and gave me sixteen good shillings - I went with Bill and saw the prisoner, between ten and eleven o'clock, in Carey-street; we went into the Plough parlour - I asked what she had got; she said a dozen bulls, meaning 5s. pieces - I asked the price; she said I knew the price - she then took them out of her pocket in papers; I told her to undo them, as I had been deceived by one of her own party - she opened them, and told me to be careful as Tom was afraid to step out of doors, but she was not afraid while she was along with men, if they were men - I gave her the sixteen shillings, and came out of the house with her - we went a few yards, and then went back to the house; I gave the coin to Goff, which he gave me to mark, and I gave them to him again.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where is Bill? A. I told you before I do not know - I have never been transported nor tried - I have known Bill from the 8th of April; I am very particular about what I do; I did this for the good of my King and country, and I would do so again - I have not received any money, except what I purchased with; I may have had a few halfpence to pay for beer - I have not been promised a farthing, that I will swear; Goff came to my house, and said he had information that there were persons selling bad coin, and asked me to assist in taking them.


                  RICHARD 
                  GOFF
               



            . I went on the 8th of May to the Plough with Myers - I gave Rose sixteen good shillings, which I had marked; he had no other money, good or bad - he then went into the street and met the prisoner in the court; I waited in the tap-room till Rose came to me - I saw them separate in the street - I had seen them talk together, and Rose came to me in a short time; I only lost sight of Rose while I shut the door; after he had parted with her only for a few seconds, Rose delivered me these twelve crowns - I have known him some time; I never heard any thing against his character.
Cross-examined. Q. But he was such a good character you searched him? A. That I did according to custom - there is no difficulty in getting respectable persons to be witnesses; I believe Bill would have come if I had asked him.


                  RICHARD 
                  MYERS
               



            . I have been in Court, and heard what this witness has said - I can confirm it.
Cross-examined. Q. Rose was to act in the same manner as he did in the first case? A. Yes, and Bill was with him all the time - I took the prisoner in Plumtree-court with the last prisoner; she was living with him as his wife.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . This money is all counterfeit.
Prisoner's Defence. When Rose gave his evidence at Hatton-garden, he stated he gave me sixteen shillings, and afterwards said he had paid for two pots of half-and-half, and then said he never went out of Carey-street, but he did go round the market to show me a slaughter-house, which he said they could work through, to procure dead bodies.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
