



760. 




WILLIAM HENRY SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of February, at 
St. Marylebone, 1 pocket-book, value 6d.; 2 sovereigns; 1 £10 and 1 £5 Bank-note; the goods and monies of 



Thomas Naylor, in the dwelling-house of 



Charles John Brooks.






THOMAS NAYLOR
. I am a shopman to Charles John Brooks, a linen-draper, in Duke-street, Manchester-square, in the parish of St. Marylebone—the prisoner was also a shopman—he was discharged from Mr. Brooks service on the 1st of February—on the 21st of January 1 gave Miss Husband a cheque to get changed for me—I have the cheque, here it is, for 28l. 5s., and I gave her 1l. 15s. in money—I told her to get six £5 notes for the cheque—in the evening of that day I called on her, and received six £5 notes—I put them in a purse, and put them in a red-pocketbook which I put in my box—I locked my box, and put the key in my pocket—the last time I went to the box and saw the money safe, was on Thursday night, the 4th of February—there were five £5 and £10 notes, and two sovereigns in the pocket-book—I put the book and its contents back into the box, and locked it—I saw the prisoner on Saturday evening, the 6th of February, about nine o'clock, when he came to fetch his portmanteau away from my employer—it was in the bed-room he had slept in, which joins mine—he went up stairs to teach his portmanteau

down, and remained in the shop till we had closed—I went out with him and two others about ten o'clock, to a place, to have a glass of ale, and then I left him with another person, and did not see him afterwards—on the Sunday morning, about eight o'clock, I discovered my box had been broken open, and the pocket-book, containing the property described, missing—I saw the prisoner on the Wednesday after, between half-past six and a quarter to seven o'clock, going to Drury-lane theatre—I went up to him directly, and asked him if he was not ashamed of what he had been doing, and then he asked me what for—I immediately asked him, "How is my box?"—he wanted to speak to me, but I would not hear what he had to say till I got him before an officer—?I took him out of the theatre to a public-house, (I believe called the Albion,) and then gave him in charge of an officer—he was taken to the police-station and searched, and the property the constable has now in his possession was found on him—we took him before a Magistrate.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I am told you are a very kind, good-hearted man, and was very much disposed to induce the Magistrate to forgive him? A. I did not wish to press the charge—the Magistrate thought it imperative that I should—the prisoner told me he had been in the employ of Mr. Meeking, of Holborn-hill—my master has no partner—I have lived with him eight years.





THOMAS SOPER
. I am a policeman. On the 10th of February, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was sent for to the Albion public-house, and saw Mr. Naylor—he gave the prisoner into my custody—there was a bit of a scuffle in the place—he told me he had robbed him—I took him to the station-house, searched him, and found a £5 note, nineteen sovereign, one half-sovereign, 17s. 6d. in silver, and 2 1/2 d. in copper—he did not say any thing about them till he got before the Magistrate—I have the £5 note, No. 22693, dated the 7th of December, 1835—I have a cloak and cap—he did not any where he got them, except before the Magistrate.





THOMAS NAYLOR

re-examined. That is one of the notes I received from Miss Husband.





WILLIAM TYSON
. I am clerk to Sir Claude Scott and Co. I do not remember giving Miss Husband change for a cheque—I have my book here—(looking at the note) this is one of the notes I paid for a cheque on the 21st of January.

Prisoner. I have to thank the prosecutor for the lenity he has shown me, both at the office and also in his evidence here—I am very sorry it has occurred—I have been led away by a party, who certainly brought me into it—I did it innocently.




GUILTY. Aged 18.—Strongly recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor, an account of his youth.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Recorder.
