







1452. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PAYNE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     PAYNE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of September
, 3 yards of valentia, value 14s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Finnimore 
                     Evans
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Thomas Finnimore Evans; he is a woollen-draper
, and lives at No. 1, Norton-Falgate, in the county of Middlesex


 - on the 17th of September, the two prisoners came to the shop in company, between seven and nine o'clock in the evening; they asked me to shew them some waistcoat pieces which I did, one of which they bought a waistcoat off - the man gave me a half-sovereign, to pay for it, but the woman had taken part in looking at the pieces; they then went away and I missed one of the pieces which I had shown them - I went after them - they had got about ten doors off; I accused them of stealing a waistcoat piece, they said they had none but what they had purchased, I felt them and while I was so doing. I observed a person come across the way and take up this waistcoat piece behind the female-prisoner, I took hold of it and they both ran off; I pursued and took the woman.


                  Joseph 
                  Payne
               



            . He said at the office that we had no conversation in the shop. Witness. No, I did not.


                  FREDERICK 
                  EVANS
               



            . About eight o'clock that evening I heard Mr. Newman say that he had been robbed of a waistcoat piece - he ran out and I followed him; I saw the two prisoners crossing White-lion-street - I pursued the man when he ran off, and gave him to the officer.


                  HENRY 
                  TOWNLEY
               



            . (police-constable G 229). I was on duty and saw the male prisoner making towards me very fast - I took him.


                  MATTHEW 
                  PEEK
               



             (police-constable G 198). I received the female prisoner in custody.
Joseph Payne's Defence. The witness said, that from the first of our entering the shop he had suspicion of the female, and he saw her fumbling among his goods; I should have thought that he would have stopped her, but instead of that, he said, he saw her pass the window with something, and then he put on his coat and hat, and came after us - he accused me first, and said, he was told that I knew something of a waistcoat piece; I said, "I will go back with you" - he then said, he saw this prisoner drop it; now if he had, would he not have taken it up and not have given another man time to have crossed and taken it up? while I was in the shop, I thought I heard a bustle, and I saw a man's arm going out of the shop; I was at that time at the other counter looking at some buttons; he had but four, but he said he should have some more the next night.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PAYNE
               



             - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.


                  SARAH 
                  PAYNE
               



             - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
