





1486. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of July
, 1 snuff-box, value 5l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Barnewall
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BARNEWALL
               



            . I live in Coleman-street-buildings. On the 29th of July, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Bartholomew-lane


, and felt my silver snuff-box going from my outside coat pocket; I turned round and saw two people, the prisoner was one - I saw his hand coming out of my pocket; the other man ran up Lothbury, and the prisoner went down Throgmorton-street - I followed and not meeting an officer, I rushed forward and seized him without losing sight of him; I did not find my box - I am quite certain I saw his hand come out of my pocket; he expressed great surprise at being seized, and when I said I would not let him go, he said if I would walk with him a little way the thing should be settled - I refused; he then made a desperate resistance; I was obliged to knock him down twice - I at last secured him; I never lost sight of him - the box cost me 7l. or 8l., and was safe a few minutes before.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. What became of his hand, did you lose sight of that? A. I cannot say I saw his hand all the time - he was alone after I saw him; the box was small - there was a crowd about the Auctionmart door, where it occurred; if I had seized him at the moment perhaps I should have been floored, for that happened once before - he threw nothing away; I have no doubt the other man received the box - whether the prisoner had any thing in his hand when I saw it come from my pocket I cannot say: I did not follow him above twenty yards - he did not say if I went with him it should be explained, but that it should be settled; he said that three or four times.
Prisoner's Defence. I solemnly declare my innocence - instead of positive proof you have only the prosecutor's statement, and that consisting only of suspicion that he lost his property, but nothing whatever occurred to implicate me; I was passing through the City, and on arriving at Angel-court, was most roughly laid hold of by the prosecutor and charged with stealing a snuff-box - I offered him every satisfaction in my power, but when I was roughly treated I certainly offered resistance as any body would; he swore he saw me at the Auction-mart, and saw me take away his property, but quietly pursued me for the purpose of giving me into custody - I presume had any of you been robbed you would have seized the thief in the act; but what does his conduct argue but that he was uncertain where and when he lost his property; he has varied in his description of the box, and if mistaken in one thing he may be in another - a gentleman inquired what was the matter; he exclaimed that he had lost a gold snuff-box - at the Mansion-house he said it was silver, and worth 8l. or 10l., at the last examination he said 5l.; I have ascertained that just previous to the robbery he had a serious fit of illness, which may have impaired his mind.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
