




2087. 




WILLIAM INGRAM
 and 



SARAH INGRAM
 were again indicted for

feloniously receiving, on the 
9th of September, at 
Greenwich, 3000lbs. weight of copper, value 100l., 2900lbs. weight of lead, value 10l.; 3 pair of flanches, value 20s.; 2 metal bends, value 10s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 3s.; and 3 quires of paper, value 1s.; the goods of the 

Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital; and 3 pair of flanches, value 20s.; and 2 metal bends, value 10s., the goods of 



John Braithwaite, and others; well knowing the same to have been feloniously stolen, against the Statue.







WILLIAM THOMAS
. I am a police-inspector. On the 8th of Septemper, I went to No. 4, Thames-street, Greenwich—I entered at the front door—I did not see either of the prisoners there—there is a gate at the side of the house, large enough for a cart and gig to go under—on going it at that gate, I found a shed with an earth floor—on examining the door, I found a piece of brass at the side, and a write attached to it at one end, and the other end attached to the latch—on pressing my foot against this brass, part of the door flew open, large enough to admit a man—I turned into the middle shop, and on examing the floor, discovered a trap-door which led into a vault under the shed—the trap was made in a slanting position, so that a man might slide down on his back; and in the vault I found a large quantity of sheet copper—on weighing it, I found one ton eleven hundredweight and a half of copper, and three ton three hundred weight of sheet lead, and this flanch—all these were in the vault—I afterwards went up stairs, and in a small chest of drawers found a quantity of Writing-paper—the drawer was not locked—there was a shop in front of the premises, being fitted up as a plumper and glazier's—I did not perceive any name written up in front.





JOSEPH TITE
 I am a policeman. I was in charge of the house on the second day—the female prisoner had been taken into custody before that—I never saw the male prisoner near the house—while I was there I found some more paper behind the drawers in the front parlour, and found a brass tap in the yard.





JAMES WILD
. I am a policeman. I went to the house on the 7th of September, and found two copper bends, and two flanches in the back parlour cupboard—I found twenty-five hundredweight of pig lead under the floor of the front shop, and one ton seventeen hundredweight of solder; and under the stairs I found a quantity of brass cocks.





WILLIAM BRAITHWAITE
. I am an engineer. I made some flanches for a brewhouse at the Hospital—I supplied them with these—they are made of a peculiar metal; and these two bends were supplied by me to the Hospital—I am in the employ of John Braithwaite.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you not in a very extensive buisness? A. Yes; we supply a great many flanches to different brewers—there is no particular stamp on these, nor on the bends—they are made of copper, tinned over—we call them tin copper bends—I sent four to the Hospital, and I have weighed the two found and the two left, and they agree exactly with the weight charged—I will not swear those I have supplied to other breweries may not weigh the same—I have no mark to denote that they belong to the Hospital—they were furnished in May, 1833, and have never been used—they were put aside until the alternations were complete, by order of the clerk of the works.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Were you backwards and forwards at the hospital? A. Yes; continually.





WILLIAM SIVELL
 I have examined the sheet copper found on the second day at the prisoner's house, and compared it with that taken by the four men on the first day—to the best of my judgement it tallied exactly, and is part of the copper taken from the roof of the infirmary, to the best of my judgement—we

had not missed it at the time, but afterwards missed about a ton and a half—I ascertained the loss by referring to the books, to see the quantity laid on the roof, and measuring the roof, to see the quantity it would take—I calculate two tons have been abstracted—the copper found the first day has marks corresponding with the boards, and these bear the same marks.

Cross-examined by
CLARKSON. Q. produce what you have compared? A. Here is one piece which I took from the roof myself, and compared with some found in the vault under the shop—I superintend the works at the hospital, and have the care of the property—It is the same sort of copper, and here are some black marks on it—copper varies in quality and thickness—I have no private mark on it—nearly all of it has this black line on it—It is the mark of the rafter—It was taken from the roof of the infirmary—the whole of the copper has been taken off and the roof slated—It was done about two months ago—copper looks different after being exposed to the atmosphere long—this appears just the same as what remains—copper varies two or three ounces in a foot, which makes a differences in the substance.





THOMAS COPE
. I am a policeman. I went to the house, and found a pair of shoes there.





JOHN LIVINGSTON JAY
. I am chief clerk in the secretary's office at Greenwich Hospital. There are five Commissioners—Mr. Locker is one, and has been so since June 1829—this paper is ruled—when I was before the Magistrate, I compared it with a form used in the hospital,—It is addressed to certain officers in the hospital in a printed form—part of the heading to the columns is torn off—the part left enables me to swear to it, as a form used in the hospital.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS
Q. May there not be hundreds of places where the same form is used? A. I should say no place could use such a form—I do not know whether Chelses Hospital may not—the first Commissioner of Woods and Forests and the Treasure of the Navy were appointed commissioners at the change of the Administration.





BLACKWELL CARTER
. I know these shoes belong to the hospital by the stamp on them, "G. H. "and a crown—they are furnished to the pensioners—I believe they have been worn.

Cross-examined. Q. Are not pensioners in the habit of selling their shoes? A. I cannot say.





ESTHER MARY PATTISON
. I let the house in Thames-street to the male prisoner—he had a lease of it—I gave him posseation a few days after Michaclmas—there was no vault under the back shed at that time, to my knowledge—I had lived there seven years, and never knew of it—I had no spring to open the door, by pressing with the foot, nor any shoot to communicate with a vault.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you live in the house yourself? A. No; a person named Francis lived there—I lived at No. 1.

MR. BOBKIN. Q. Have you not known the house for seven years? A. Yes; I am the landlady—I did not collect the rent—I have been there occasionally—I never knew of this place.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I suppose when you went, it was into the parlour? A. Yes; I was there a few days before the prisoner took possession—I did not examine the lower part of the house—I let it to pearce for a short time, just before the prisoner took possesstion.





WILLIAM JAMES PEARCE
. I am an assistant to the water bailiff. I

had the use of these premises for a year and a half—there was no trap-door in the shop, that I knew of—there was nothing but plain earth in the shed—It has been pulled down since I left, and rebuilt—I knew of no vault under it, nor any shoot communicating with one—I never was in the dwelling-house—I occupied the shed and shop only—I left it in June—there was no spring to the door then.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You do not mean to say there was no vault? A. No; but it was undiscovered by me.





WILLIAM THOMAS

re-examined. The shop is a quarter of a mile from the hospital—all the copper was folded in separate pieces of 16 or 18lbs.—workmen might carry it a piece at the time.
(Edward Grillet, lighterman, of Wood-walk; Henry Leach, Church-street, Greenwich; William Bailey, Chiswell-street, Finsbury; William Challis, Church-street, Greenwich;—Broomfield;—Aaron Medway, previous good character.)

WILLIAM INGRAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 43.



Transported for Fourteen Years.

SARAH INGRAM—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

