




384. 




MARY GRADY
 and 




ANN PRICE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
8th of December, 2 pairs of stays, value 8s., the goods of 



Frederick King.






MARTHA KING
. I am the wife of Frederick King, of St. John-street, a stay-maker. On the 8th of December, about four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoners came into the shop, and asked to look at some stays—I placed three or four pairs on the counter—they both examined them for some considerable time—Price then said she could not find a pair to suit her, and wished me to make her a pair—she was about giving me the

order—I went out of the shop, and when I returned, I had suspicion, and wished to search Grady—she objected to it at first, but I did search her, and found nothing—I returned to the shop, and two pairs of stays were found on the spot where Grady had stood—they were found in the shop while I was searching her in the kitchen—they could not have fallen on the floor, because I had placed them on the counter—I knew how many pairs I placed, and two pairs were missing from that number—Price did not go into the kitchen—she was left in the shop—I did not examine the shop-floor before I went into the kitchen, but the stays were not on the shop-floor when Grady went out—these are my stays.





HENRY WARNER
. I was in Mr. King's shop—I saw the prisoners looking at some stays—Mrs. King spoke to me, and I saw Grady remove something from the counter, and put it under her clothes—Price ordered Mrs. King to measure her, but previous to that, I had called Mrs. King's attention to what I saw, and Mrs. King went out of the room—Grady then left the house, and I followed her and brought her back—Mrs. King then took her to search her, and these stays were found on the spot where Grady had stood when I brought her back—Price had been standing in the shop the whole time.





ELIZA LEIGH
. I was in the shop—my suspicions were attracted by the prisoners' conduct—I observed Grady shuffling with the stays, and saw something sticking out near her hip—I was going to put my hand on the part, when she turned her back to the counter—when Mrs. King left the counter, Grady left the shop—Warner brought her back, and we all taxed her with the theft—as soon as she left, these two pairs of stays were on the spot where she stood, and they had not been there before—I picked them up.

GRADY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.

PRICE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 25. 



Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)
