




220. 




JOHN SUTLIFF
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of November, 2 waistcoats, value 5s., the goods of 




Emanuel Moss.






EMANUEL MOSS
. I am a dealer in clothes, and live in High-street, Shadwell. On the 28th of November I shut my shop up about twelve o'clock at night, when the prisoner knocked at the door, and said he had something to sell—he had a piece of canvass, and an old pair of trowsers—I offered him 3s. for them, which he agreed to take—I had a gas-light burning—I had no change, and knocked at the partition of my landlord's house, to bring me 3s.—In the mean time I missed my key—I looked round, and happened to go to six waistcoats which I had put in the shelves, thinking I had put the key there—I replaced them, and then the landlord came to the door to give me 3s., which I gave to the prisoner, who went away; and when I came into the shop again, I missed two waistcoats from the shelf—I went out, and found him about four doors off at the corner of Angel-gardens—I charged him with stealing the two waistcoats—he said he had not—I said, "I will give you in charge"—he said, "I must go and ease myself"—he ran into a court by the side of a wall, and I lost sight of him for about three minutes—when he came out of the court I gave him in charge of the policeman—the court is no thoroughfare—I found the waistcoats concealed on the top of the palings, up the court, about a quarter of an hour afterwards.





JAMES PORTCH
 (police-constable K 91.) I saw the prisoner come out of the court, and Moss gave him in charge—he made a violent resistance—It required six of us to take him to the station-house—he is a very powerful man—after putting him into the station-house, I found two waistcoats on the palings, in the court, which the prosecutor claimed—I found on the prisoner 2s. in silver—he may have lost some money in the struggle, as he was very violent—he struggled with us, endeavouring to got away—he was not struck at all.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I did not steal any waistcoats—when they took me, they ill-used me very improperly—they took my money from me, and next morning said I only had 2s., but I had a half-crown, sixpence, two shillings, and some halfpence—every thing was taken out of my pocket—the policeman had hold of me, searching me, and knocking me about.





EMANUEL MOSS

re-examined. I paid him half-a-crown and sixpence, but when I caught sight of him, I saw him on the step of a public-house, as if he had come out—It was not three minutes after he left me, but I heard him say to the landlord, "Take care of that for me"—that was at the Paviors' Arms, kept by Mr. Blay.

Prisoner. I did not go into that public-house—I got a quartern of gin with the halfpence I had, but I changed no silver—I laid the half-crown and sixpence on the counter, and took it up again, and put it in my pocket—I had two shillings besides, and a had sovereign about me. Witness. When he came into my shop, he said he was very badly off, and had no money at all—I gave him part of half a quartern loaf, as he said he was greatly distressed.

Prisoner. I came from Deptford on board a ship—I came ashore, and had no dinner, nor did I buy any thing for supper—I asked him to be so good as to give me a bit of bread, us it was late, and he did—any thing else I know nothing about. Witness. I kept the bread in the shop, in my chest—he must have taken the waistcoats while I went to the door to take the 3s.




GUILTY
.† Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
