





473. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     QUINLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, 1 watch, value 15s.; 1 seal, value 3d., and 1 key, value 1d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Louis 
                     Le Plastrier
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN MARSHALL
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Louis Le Plastrier, a watchmaker
, who lives in High-street, Shadwell


. On the 11th of January, about six o'clock in the evening, I was in the kitchen, and heard a noise in the shop - I knew my master was not there, so I went up, and saw the prisoner behind the counter, in the act of taking a watch from the window; I screamed out - he jumped over the counter, and ran out into the street; I am certain he was the person - he was brought back almost immediately.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you certain of his being the person? A. Yes - a very few moments elapsed before he was brought back; I should not think it was five minutes - I think I can swear it was not; I was much alarmed - that caused me to scream out, and threw me off my guard, but I am certain he is the man; I noticed his person and dress.
LOUIS LE PLASTRIER. I was dressing, up stairs, and heard the witness scream out - I ran down, and saw the sash of the window had been opened; I ran out into the street, and passed eight or nine houses, where I saw one of the witnesses struggling with the prisoner; I went up, collared him, and brought him back - the watch had been thrown away in the cart road; I saw it brought back all over mud - it was mine, and had been in my window.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see it in the cart road? A. Yes.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARTON
               



            . I am a lighterman. I was near the shop, and heard a scream; I was going to a public-house with a young man, and the prisoner ran against me and knocked me backwards into the road; I got up, and ran after him - he threw the watch away before I seized him; I struggled with him - an apprentice-boy belonging to a collier took up the watch; the prisoner gave me two or three blows on the side of my mouth, and said, "Why don't you let me go? we shall not catch the man who has got the watch."
Cross-examined. Q. There was a loud scream from the house? A. Yes, and when the prosecutor came up I was struggling with the prisoner - I am quite sure he threw away the watch; I saw the watch in his right hand - it had a black ribbon: I think it was silver - my friend who was with me belonged to a sailing-brig, and he went down to Rochester two days ago.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
