






1737. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WESLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of August
, 1 purse, value 3d.; 26 yards of ribbon, value 6s.; 5 handkerchiefs, value 9s.; 3 pairs of gloves, value 2s.; 1 dozen of buttons, value 6d.; 1 purse, value 1s.; 2 sovereigns, 1 crown, 5 half-crowns, 1 shilling, 1 sixpence, and one 10l. Bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jones
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a haberdasher
, and live in Tottenham-court-road


 - Wesley lived with me, and Brown lived in Marylebone-street. On the evening of the 7th of August a Police-officer called, and produced three lengths of ribbon which had my mark on them - I knew them, but I cannot say exactly how lately I had seen them - I went to Mrs. Collier's, where Brown lived; we found Brown, and asked him who he had received them from; he said from Wesley, but did not say when or where - we then found on Brown five silk handkerchiefs, which he said he got from Wesley to take care of for him; we took Brown to the Police station; I went home - Wesley was out; we broke open his box, and found gloves and other things which are mine; when he returned we showed him the things, and asked when he stole them - he gave no answer; the officer searched him, and found 1s. 6d. in his waistcoat pocket - and fastened to his braces was a kid purse of mine, in which was the 10l. note, two sovereigns, and a crown-piece - I gave him into custody; the note is one I had received on the 29th of July, and marked it - it had been in a cash-box in the desk, but the key was left in it; we left him in the shop, making up grosses of buttons, when we went to dinner, and he said he went through the room, saw the key in the desk, and took it out.
Cross-examined by MR. STURGEON. Q. Did you mark the note yourself? A. Yes.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MARY COLLIER
               



            . Brown was in my employ - Mr. Jones came to my shop about him; some property was found which had been brought to me by a person named Gosling - there were four lengths of black ribbon; I took charge of them for a few minutes, and then sent them out to three different linen-drapers - I asked Brown if they were his - he said Yes, that his mother sent them by mistake with his clothes; I believe these are the ribbons - I gave them to the Policeman, who gave them to Mr. Jones.


                  JOHN 
                  MASON
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I went to take Brown; I questioned him where he got these things - he said from Wesley, to take care of for him; I found these handkerchiefs and these ribbons, and took them to Mr. Jones; Brown refused to tell where Wesley lived, but I found it out - I waited at the prosecutor's till Wesley came home; he acknowledged that he stole these things - I found tied to his braces a leather purse, in which was this 10l. note, two sovereigns, one crown, five half-crowns,and some other silver, which he acknowledged to be Mr. Jones' also.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you hold out any threat or promise to him? A. No.
Brown's Defence. I knew nothing about them - he gave them me to mind for him.
WESLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
