






1695. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JOLLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of August

, 100 lbs. weight of sugar, value 2l., and 1 bag, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward Bedwell 
                     Kemble
                  



               
             and another, his masters; and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CLARKE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .

MESSRS. ADOLPHUS and BARRY conducted the prosecution.


                  PHILIP 
                  CORNMAN
               



            . I am porter to Edward Bedwell Kemble and another. The prisoner Jolly was porter
 over me - I always acted under his direction. On the 27th of August I was in the sample room, and Jolly told me to call a man (Milner) out of Mincing-lane, which I did; I then sewed up a bag of sugar, and put a card on it, which Jolly gave me - I did not see him write the card; we put the bag upon the man's back - Jolly told him to take it to the Elephant, in Fenchurch-street; Jolly asked me to lend him 2d., which he gave Milner to pay the booking - the next morning, which was Sunday, Jolly came to my house very early, and said he was very sorry that the bag of sugar had got seized, he hoped I would say nothing about it, and he would never do the like again - the ticket which was on it was similar to this.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. I suppose you frequently employ people to carry out parcels? A. We do not send out many - we have employed people to carry them; I was afraid if I divulged it I should lose my place, and did not tell my employer of it till the 1st of September, which was the day I myself was taken; I did not at first know that it was going in a clandestine way - I never was in trouble before.
MR. BARRY. Q. Is it usual to put samples of sugar together, sew them up in a bag, and send them away? A. I never saw it done before.


                  EDWARD 
                  MILNER
               



            . I am a porter. I was in Mincing-lane, and was called in to take the parcel; Jolly and Cornman put it on my knot, and gave me 2d. to pay for it; I took it to the Elephant public-house, Fenchurch-street - it was booked according to the direction, which was the same as when I received it.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q.There is nothing unusual in your carrying parcels? A. No; I had not been employed by Jolly before - I knew him well, and lived two doors from him.
SARAH SKIVOR. My uncle keeps the Elephant, in Fenchurch-street. Milner brought the bag on the 27th of August, and I booked it - here is the entry; (read) "Poplar - Clarke, one bag, 27th of August, signed George Woolford;" he is the Poplar carrier, and signs the book when he takes the parcels.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q.How can you tell that this entry refers to this particular bag? A. Because so much has been said about it - my attention was particularly directed to it.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q.Does your memory enable you to state that Milner brought the parcel in question? A. Yes, and I remember booking it, and Woolford taking it away- Milner had frequently been in our house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Woolford, the carrier. On Saturday, the 27th, of August, I received a parcel from the Elephant, for Mr. Clarke, of Poplar; Mr. Woolford was with me, and I was inside the cart - we went home, and put the cart into master's yard; I took the parcel to Mr. Clarke's - he opened the door to me; I said, "I have a bag for you;" he said it was all right, and paid me 1s. - his is a private house, not a shop.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. So he keeps no shop? A. No - the words "Tea-dealer" are over his door; I only went into the passage - there is another Mr. Clarke almost opposite; I never stated that I did not receive the parcel till I got to the Red Lion - I said I removed them from one cart to another there; Clarke did not open the parcel before he said it was all right; it was night when I took it there - the officer followed me to Mr. Clarke's with the parcel, and directly I had put it in the passage and received the carriage-money, he seized the parcel and Clarke; I then went away.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you know the officer was following you? A. Not till I got to the house.


                  ROBERT 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I am an officer. In consequence of information I followed the cart; I saw Ellis put the cart into Woolford's yard - I followed him with this bag to Clarke's house, Cotton-street, Poplar; Clarke opened the door, received the parcel, and said' "It is all right;" Ellis said there was 1s. to pay - I did not see Clarke give it; I directly went in and asked Clarke to show me the bill of parcels, or tell me where the bag came from - he said No; I said it was stolen sugar - he said he knew nothing about it; I took him into custody, and this ticket was taken off the bag by a person who was with me.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.When were you before the Magistrate? A. On the 29th; Clarke was examined and bailed by - Mr. Alderman Cowan; he appeared again on the Wednesday, and bail was again extended, till Milner was brought forward.


                  JAMES 
                  SHORTLAND
               



            . I am a porter. I was at the Elephant when Milner brought the bag; I assisted to take it off his back, and take it to the Elephant - I went with 
               Howard
             the same night, and saw the same parcel at Clarke's, at Poplar; when Clarke had paid for it Howard went in and took him into custody - he said he was very willing to go; I took this direction off the bag in Howard's presence, and gave it to him on the Monday.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did not Howard seize Clarke directly the shilling was paid? A. He went in and told him he must take him - he allowed him to walk into the room and speak to his wife; I saw Ellis deliver the parcel, but I cannot say Clarke touched it.


                  ROBERT 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I kept the direction in my possession for two or three days, and then gave it to Mr. Sherman.


                  PHILLIP 
                  CORNMAN
               



            . This is a similar bag to that which went from the warehouse, but I cannot swear it is the same- I saw no mark on it, and did not particularly notice it.
MR. EDWARD BEDWELL KEMBLE. I have one partner only. Jolly was in our employ, and I know his handwriting; I have not a doubt this direction is in his writing- Jolly was our porter, and Cornman was under him.
Jolly's Defence. I should not have been charged with this if it had not been for Cornman; I knew nothing of it, but when Cornman was accused of it, he accused me to get off himself.
Clarke's Defence. I know nothing whatever of this parcel; I expected a parcel of coffee that evening - I never touched this parcel; it was half-past nine o'clock - I had no light, and could not ascertain what it was.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARTRIDGE
               



            . I am a coffee-roaster, and live in King's Arms-yard, Whitecross-street. I have roasted Mr. Clarke's coffee for some time; I never was at his house, but I suppose he is a grocer - I have forwarded coffee to him from the Elephant, and from the White Horse,Criplegate; I did not send him a parcel on the 27th of August, but he expected one from me, for I had had a remnant of coffee belonging to Mr. Puce, which had laid by me for some time, and he authorised me to sell it if I could - I offered it to Clarke for 1s. 01/2d. per lb.; Clarke offered 1s. - I said I could not take that until I had seen Mr. Puce, and if that would do I would send it, but I did not see him, and so could not send it.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What time did you see 
               Clarke
             that day? A. About one o'clock; there were three-quarters of a hundred weight of coffee - it would have made about a similar sized parcel to this, and the bag this is in is a coffee bag.
JOLLY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CLARKE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
