



553. 




CHARLES ATTWOOD
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering, on the 
3rd of January, an order for the payment of 20l., with intent to defraud 



John Money. There were other COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






ANN CLARK
. I am in the service of Mr. Money, at the George Inn, at Uxbridge. On the 3rd of January, the prisoner came to my master's house and had refreshment, which came to 4s. 8d.—I waited on him with his bill, and he gave me this cheque—(looking at it)—he wished me to take his bill out of the cheque—I took it to my master, who returned it to me, saying he could not change it—I delivered it to the prisoner—he then said he wished my master to get it changed at the banker's for him—I took it and gave it to my master with that message.





JOHN MONEY
. I keep the George, at Uxbridge. Clark brought me this cheque—I returned it to her—she afterwards brought it back to me requesting me to get it changed at the bank—it was dated 1838 when she brought it to me—I sent my son John with it to the bank of Howe and Smith, at Uxbridge—he returned with two £10 notes—in consequence of what he said, I went myself to the bank, returned the two £10 notes, and Mr. Smith gave me back the cheque—I found my name had been written on it—I returned to my house, went up stairs and saw the prisoner—I told him I could not get the cheque changed, that the bank refused to change it—he said it was very strange, what were banks for but to change cheques—I said they know neither me nor the party to whom it was payable, and I should decline having any thing to do with it—he said he had no change—I drew his attention to its being dated 1838—he said that must be evidently a mistake of the person who drew the cheque—he then took a pen and altered the 8 to 9—I returned him the cheque—I called in a constable, and desired him to take him into custody if he went away without paying his bill, and he was taken—I recollect having seen him before, three or four years ago, by the name of Attwood—he did not mention any name on this occasion.


Prisoner. Q. I think I made no representation as to who was the drawer of the cheque? A. No more than I have stated.

Prisoner. I felt surprised at the manner in which he treated me—he has cashed cheques for me before in a similar manner. Witness. He used my house from about 1832, to 1834 or 1835, as a commercial traveller—I believe he was one of the partners—the firm was Attwood and Beale—I have had letters from him in the name of Attwood and Beale, wholesale grocers, Little St. Thomas Apostle and Maiden-lane.





JOHN MONET, JUN
. I am the son of the last witness. I was sent by my father with a cheque to the banker's at Uxbridge, and brought him back two £10 notes and a message—I gave the notes to him—I did not go back with him.





JOHN NICHOLSON
. I carry on business as a wharfinger, in Thames-street, London. I keep an account at Smith, Payne, and Smith—this cheque is not in my handwriting, nor was it written by my authority—I have no knowledge of it whatever.





THOMAS WALLIS
. I am clerk to Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smith. Mr. John Nicholson keeps an account at our house in the name of John Nicholson and Co.—we have no account in the name of John Nicholson—we had an account with the firm of Attwood and Beale, wholesale grocers, Little St. Thomas Apostle, from three to five years ago—I am not exactly acquainted with the person of the prisoner—we issue different coloured cheques for the different letters of initials of our customers—the red cheque goes from A to C—Attwood and Beale would have a red cheque like this—Mr. Nicholson's would be quite a different colour—I knew the firm of Attwood and Beale, but not their persons—I know Mr. Attwood's writing perfectly well—I should say the filling up of this cheque is in the same hand-writing as Attwood and Beale used to sign—the figures yery much correspond—whether the prisoner is the person that used to fill up those cheques, I do not know—I believe this to be the same handwriting as Attwood and Beale's cheques used to be written in—I should say the signature is intended to imitate Mr. Nicholson's band-writing—it is similar to it, but whose hand-writing it is I cannot tell—(looking at two other cheques)—the filling up of these appears to be in the same handwriting—I think both the partners Attwood and Beale drew cheques as far as I remember.





JOHN LARKIN
. I am a constable, and live at Ickenham. On the 3rd of January I was sent for to the George at Uxbridge, and took the prisoner into custody—I searched him, and found on him these three cheques, this cheque-book, a quantity of keys, some letters, and a knife—I saw my brother constable find 3s. 6d. in his waistcoat pocket—I asked him who he was—he said he should not tell me, and if I was an officer I must do my duty—I told him I took him because I thought he had a cheque about him which was not a genuine one.
(The cheque in question being read was, "London, 2nd January, 1839. Smith, Payne, and Smith, Pay Messrs. Slyan, or bearer, £20. Signed, John Nicholson."—The two other cheques were, one dated 25th of December, for 60l., payable to Slyan and Son, and the other, 31st of December, 1838, for 550l., not signed.)





THOMAST WALLIS

re-examined. We have customers named Thomas Slyan and Sons, tea brokers—I know them personally.

Prisoner. I consider I have been most strangely treated—applications

have been made to the Magistrate repeatedly on this matter, and the papers found on me will show it—I would wish the Jury to inspect them—they will show the object I have.




GUILTY of uttering.—Aged 39.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

