



1553. 




JAMES ROBINSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of June, 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 half-crown, 16 shillings, and 2 sixpences, the goods and monies of 



Frederick Coates, from the person of 



Mary Coates.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY COATES
. I am the wife of Frederick Coates. On the 12th of June I went into the City by an omnibus—I got in in the Strand—I had 19s. 6d. in silver, and 21/2d. in copper in my pocket—the 19s. 6d. was rolled up in my handkerchief in my right hand pocket—when I got in, the prisoner was sitting next to me, on my right side, in a cloak, and a man Sitting opposite me, who stared at me very hard in the face—the prisoner was fidgeting about in his cloak—he sat close beside me—the omnibus stopped at the corner of Farringdon-street, and the prisoner got out—before he got out I discovered I had lost my money and handkerchief, and said, "You have robbed me, Sir"—I addressed that to him, but he took no notice—he proceeded to get out—I then attempted to get out, but the person who sat opposite me was paying the conductor, and held the door and prevented me—I said, "That man has robbed me," and as I went to run over Fleet-street, as the prisoner had run across the road, the man's arm came across my neck, and hindered me from following him immediately—I went after the prisoner, and went across the road up a court—I accused him of having robbed me—he said he had not—while I was charging him, Mr. Greenland came out of a public-house, and asked me what was the matter—I said, "This man has robbed me"—he said, "If he has robbed you, we will have an officer"—this was in the hearing of the prisoner—he stood close by—while they were gone for the officer he dropped my hand-kerchief between his cloak and the right side of his person, I saw that—19s. 6d. was in it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you any conversation with him up the court? A. Nothing more than what I stated—after I took up the money he followed me into the public house, and said "I know you don't wish to proceed against me," I said, "You know you deserve it"—that was after he was in custody, while the officer was present—there was nothing else said—I perfectly recollect that—I do not remember the prisoner saying, when I said he had robbed me, that if I had been robbed that was the person, who had robbed me, pointing to a man—it was dropped from underneath his cloak, on the right hand side—I am sure.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Was there any other man there? A. A man came up after the money was dropped, and said something to him afterwards, and that was the man who had sat opposite me in the omnibus—I said to him, "You are the man that tried to stop me"—the policeman was a short distance from me—it is a small place.






JAMES GREENLAND
. I keep the King's Head, at Knightsbridge. I was in a public house in Crown-court—I heard a noise and came out—I found the prisoner and prosecutrix there—there were people at the end of the court—it opens into Fleet-street, and it is thirty or forty yards long—the woman said the prisoner had robbed her of some money, and a white pocket handkerchief in the omnibus—I said I would send for an officer, and have him searched—the prisoner dropped the money from under his arm—he had his arm under his cloak, and he opened his arm and the money dropped—I saw the woman pick it up—several persons came from the coffee-room and likewise up the court—the prisoner said he hoped she would forgive him—I said I would not suffer him to go unpunished—the officer came and I gave him in charge.





SAMUEL DAVIES
. I am a constable and keeper of the watch house, of Farringdom ward. I was sent for to take the prisoner—the prosecutrix told me what she had lost—I produce the handkerchief—it contains 16s., a half-crown, and a sixpence—I searched the prisoner and found As, and 41/2d.—he had this cloak on.




GUILTY
 Aged 33.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
