





1401. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of May
, 1 watch, value 40s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Ringer
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  RINGER
               



            . I live in Lower Dorchester-street, Connaught-square


. I lost a watch on the 9th of June, from a mantel-piece in my parlour, adjoining my shop - I had seen the prisoner there twice that day; I afterwards saw him in the Heart of Oak tavern - I asked him for the watch; he took it from his pocket, and endeavoured to pass it to another person or persons in his company - he had been employed by me as a carpenter, and had access to that room; I taxed him with it a day or two after I missed it, and asked if he had not taken it in a lark or joke - he denied it; I asked a man named Finch if he had it, and he said No, he had returned it to Wilks.
Cross-examined by MR. BALL. Q. What are you? -A. A green-grocer - I have known the prisoner five months; I did treat this as a lark - Finch is no friend of mine; I did not see any fun going on when I found it - I asked Finch, (whose name I did not know at that time,) to show me the watch he received from Wilks, and he said he had returned it to him; I then asked Wilks for it - he denied it, but he took it out, and was handing it to the other - I said if he did not give it up I would get an officer.


                  SOPHIA 
                  RINGER
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. In the month of May the prisoner was at our house - my husband's watch hung on a nail over the mantel-piece; I missed it between ten and eleven o'clock at night - this is it - it is worth 40s.


                  DANIEL 
                  LORIGAN
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I took the prisoner, and found on him a purse, three sovereigns, and five keys - I received this watch from the prosecutor.


                  GEORGE 
                  FINCH
               



            . I was master of a stage, but have parted with it, and live with my uncle - this watch was placed in my hands, as security for 6l., by the prisoner - he said it was gold, and that he gave ten guineas for it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fifth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
