





1354. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WYTHE
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of August
, 1 cup, value 1s.; 1 saucer, value 1s.; 2 bottles, value 6d.; 3 pints of wine, value 6s.; and 1 towel, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Woods
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODS
               



            . I keep the Castle and Falcon
. The prisoner was employed in June, July, and August, as a journeyman plasterer
 there - on the 2nd of August I found him too much intoxicated to go on with his work - I sent one of my servants for his basket, and in it I found this cup and saucer, and two bottles of wine, and a towel, which are mine; the towel has my name on it - the wine had been taken out of a binn in my cellar; I don't know whether the prisoner had followed my porter down, or whether he had opened the lock, but I know the wine was mine.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. Is the wine here? A. No, but the bottles had a mark, which my servant put on in my presence; I knew them to be mine - there is nothing here but the towel, it is marked Woods, 1830 - the prisoner was so drunk as not to know what he did - the basket was in the room in which he had been working just before; I had been in the room, and ordered him to quit the house - I did not see the wine nor the towel in his basket then - his own labourer and a carpenter were at work in the same room - I don't know whether his own man could see the basket, for he was intoxicated also - I don't know whether the prisoner brought a towel there on the Tuesday before.


                  LUCY 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's service. I brought the basket down from the room the prisoner had been in; the two bottles of wine, a cup and saucer, and a towel, were found in it.
Cross-examined. Q. Is the wine, or cup, or saucer here? A. No, only the towel - I did not see the prisoner at that time, he had just gone down.
Prisoner's Defence. I had not seen the basket after two o'clock; there were three other men in the room.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years longer
            .
