





285. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HAYLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of December
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 chain, value 1s.; 1 seal, value 20s., and 1 key, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Farley
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  FARLEY
               



            . I am a stone-mason
, and live in St. Helena-place, Pentonville. On the 13th of December I was at the corner of Cateaton-street


 - I was rather in liquor, and had given my watch to my friend, Roberts, some time previous, to take care of, as he was more sober than I - he was returning it to me; it was about a quarter-past twelve o'clock at night - the prisoner joined our company in the street; nobody was with him - there was another person with us; the prisoner came and spoke to him, and in a few minutes that man left us - the prisoner stopped with us, and said he would see me home, but would not see me home unless I got my watch from Roberts; Roberts said, "If you like to go with that man better than me, d-n your watch, take it" - he put it into my hands; he turned on his heel to leave us, and had not gone a step or two before the prisoner snatched my watch and ran away with it; I was not able to follow him -I called out, and Roberts followed - a watchman, in a door-way close by, sprang his rattle, and pursued him; I found him in the watch-house in about ten minutes, with my watch.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I was with the prosecutor on the night in question - I am a stone-mason, and live in Barnsbury-row; I was not sober, but was more so than Farley- he had a glass of liquor at the last public-house, opposite Whitecross-street, and when he came out I asked if his watch was safe; he pulled it out, and gave it to me to take care of - I put it into my waistcoat pocket; a person we had been drinking with, and who had worked with us, was with us; the prisoner came up, and said, "Mr. Farley, I will see you home" - I thought he might know him; Farley said, "You have got my watch, let me have it;" I gave it him, and went away - I am sure I put it into his hand; I heard the rattle spring, then went to the watch-house, and saw the prisoner - I cannot say he is the same person as had joined Farley; I saw the watch in the watchman's hand.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not give the watch into my hand, and tell me to see your friend home, as you was going to leave him? A. No, I am sure I gave it to my friend, and to nobody else - I believe it was handed from one to the other before the other man parted from us, but not when the prisoner was with us; I am sure I gave it to Farley - I was angry with him, because he would not come with me.


                  JOHN 
                  BARKER
               



            . I am a watchman. On Monday night, the 13th of December, I was coming up Cateaton-street - the two witnesses were very much in liquor; the prisoner was behind them, and said, "My lads, I will see you home;" he turned to Roberts and said, "Give your friend his watch;" Roberts took the watch from his right - hand waistcoat pocket, and gave it into Farley's right-hand - I was about six yards from them: the prisoner instantly snatched the watch from Farley's hand, and ran down Aldermanbury - I pursued, and caught him by the Axe inn; he immediately dropped the watch from his hand - I took him to the watch-house; Farley came in, and claimed it - I had been watching them all the time.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been drinking, and as I returned home I met the witnesses and the other, who I had formerly known - I got into conversation with them; Farley was very much in liquor; his friend and the other wished me to see him home - Farley gave the watch to his friend; he gave it to me, and left him: Farley wished for it back again, and I gave it to him again - we walked a little way; his friend came up to us - he gave it to him, and then it was in my hand again; I had no intention of stealing it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
