




1238. 




GEORGE MOOR
 was indicted

 for embezzling, on the 
18th of March, 2lbs. weight of sewing-silk, 7 handkerchiefs, 24lbs. weight of sewing-cotton, 27 pieces of tape, 6 gross of buttons, 3 pieces of wadding, 6 gross of laces, 24 dozen of reel-cotton, 6lbs. weight of thread, 6 pieces of braid, and 1 wrapper, value 12l. 18s., the goods of 



Thomas Cole and another, his masters.






JAMES COLE
. I am in partnership with Mr. Thomas Cole, and live at Watford, in Hertfordshire. The prisoner was our porter—on the 17th of March I sent a man to town, and on the 18th of March he got to town—I gave my man an order—the prisoner was in the habit of acting as a porter—he never accounted to me for the articles in the indictment—they were worth 12l. 18s. 9d.—I never saw him till he was at Queen-square.

Prisoner. He gave me an order the same day to go to Evans, in Queen-square, for coffee, and I took it to him at a public-house in Farringdon-street—he told me to go up the yard, I did so, and afterwards went to Threadneedle-street with a box, but never had these goods.





JOSEPH MEDWIN
. I am warehouseman to Mr. Reed, of Aldermanbury. On the 18th of March I delivered these goods to the prisoner—he was to take them to the Angel, Farringdon-street, to take to Mr. Cole—they were packed up in a wrapper, and came to 12l. 18s. 9d.—they were in a truss—I gave it to him for Mr. Cole.

Prisoner. When I went to him to ask if they were ready, he said, not—I said I was going further, and would call again—he said, "You had better sign your name to the book," and I did—I never went back again. Witness. I did ask him to sign the book before he had the goods—that was when he took them—I saw him go away with them—I delivered the goods to him—he brought the note in about eleven o'clock, and gave it to me—I said, the goods were not ready yet—he laid, he was going further, and would call again, which he did, about half past two o'clock, and signed the book; and then I saw him take them away—the goods were sent to Mr. Cole to send to Mr. Young, of Watford—the prisoner was quite sober, and so was I.

MR. COLE. I was answerable for these goods.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.
