





1369. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ANDERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of June
, 1 chest, value 14l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Forsyth
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  FORSYTH
               



            . In June last I lodged at Tunbridge-wells: the prisoner lodged there one night, and in the course of conversation I said I had a chest of tools at Mr. Edgon's house - I afterwards received information that some person had got my chest of tools: it was worth about 14l. - I never authorized the prisoner to get it; but he volunteered his service to call and see if there were any letters, and if there were, to send them to me - I came to town, but have never seen the chest or tools since.


                  JAMES 
                  TURNBULL EDGON
               



            . I live in Buckingham-street, Fitzroy-square


. Mr. Forsyth left a chest in my care; the prisoner came to me on the 17th of June, and said he had orders from the prosecutor to send the chest into the country; he gave such a clear account that I gave him the box, thinking it was all true, and he went away with it - I saw him on the Saturday week afterwards, at the office: he told me he was going to Tunbridge-wells the evening he had the chest.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I keep a green-grocer's shop. The prisoner was a stranger, but Mr. Edgon sent for me to take the chest - I took it in my truck; the prisoner then said, "Do you know where you are going?" I said, No - he said, "You are going to Temple-bar," and I made the best of my way there; in going along he said, "I made a mistake, it is in Fleet-street;" I said Where? he said he did not know, but if I followed him he would show me -I followed him on to the Bull-inn, Whitechapel; I took it up the yard, and put it against the booking-office - he then came out of the yard with me, and said, "I am going to get a direction to put on it;" I said, "How am I to be paid?" he said, "Mr. Edgon will pay you;" I came back, and Mr. Edgon did pay me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GEORGE
               



            . I took the prisoner on the 22nd of June; I found on him this neckcloth and two stiffeners, which had been in the chest.
Prisoner's Defence. I have only to state that I had occasion to be at Tunbridge-wells - I met a man, and asked if he knew where I could get a lodging; he introduced me to this man's lodging; they said they had not room for another bed, but I might sleep with the prosecutor - he said he had a chest of tools in London, that his friends were in great distress, and wished to have a little money - I said,"I have no objection to make a bargain with you for your tools, provided I like them;" we made a bargain - I came to London, and went to get the tools, but I did not look at them till I got them home; if I had had any intention to defraud I should not have let Mr. Edgon get a porter.
MR. FORSYTH. The prisoner never slept in the same bed with me, and I never made any bargain with him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
