





1441. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     RILEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of July
, 1 shawl, value 5s.; 1 pair of pockets, value 1s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 6s.; 2 shirt-collars, value 2s.; 3 pieces of cotton, value 3s., and 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Clarke
               




            .
MARY CLARKE. I am the wife of Thomas Clarke - he is now at Walton-on-Thames. The prisoner lived with me five or six weeks, and left as I did not want her any more - I missed several things; I told her to take a shawl to my sister's - nearly a fortnight after she left me I asked my sister for my shawl; she said she had not got it - my sister and I took a walk, and I saw the prisoner sitting at the Orange Tree public-house with my shawl on; I took it from her.
WILLIAM WARDEN. The witness came to me in George-street, and when we came to the corner of Crescent-street, I saw the prisoner running down the street, and the prosecutrix crying Stop thief! she ran into a picture-shop, and the prosecutor gave charge of her; I took her to the station-house, and found a pair of pockets on her, a pair of black silk gloves, and a white handkerchief in them; I took her to the office, and on her examination she was asked if she had a box; she said Yes, at No. 3, Milford-place, and if I went there I could get it - I went, and found a number of articles, which the prosecutrix swears to - here are two shirt-collars, three pairs of stockings, and three pieces of cotton, which were in the box.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner to MRS. CLARKE. Q.Have you not given me the stockings - the gloves and handkerchief do not belong to you? A. To the best of my knowledge, the gloves are mine; I never gave her a pair of stockings, on my oath.
Prisoner's Defence. She is a false-swearing woman - she threatened to take her husband's life with a knife, or give him a dose of poison; she was going away because there was an execution against her husband - I have heard her threaten her husband's life, because, as I can understand, she was jealous of me.
MRS. CLARKE. She had lived with us between five and six weeks - my husband went into the country; I had an execution in my house - I never had any quarrel with my husband, more than man and wife have; I have never been jealous of him - I never had any reason to talk to him about her; I had other difficulties to think of - I never suspected any thing particularly improper between them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
