






Second Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Serjeant Arabin.
746. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PARKER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     THEOBALD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of March
, 1 fire-grate, value 10l., and 1 marble mantel-piece, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Worrall
                        




                     
                  , and affixed to his dwelling-house
            .
SEVEN OTHER COUNTS, varying the description of the building.
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  HENRY 
                  POPE
               



            . I live at Chalk-hill farm. I was left in care of an empty house, in the parish of Kingsbury


, belonging to George Worrall - at eight o'clock in the morning, on the 24th of March, I saw the drawing-room grate and slabs safe; the chimney-piece was fixed - it was a steel grate, with a bronze front; the house has been robbed at different times, and the windows stolen; a person could easily get in.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Pope. On the 24th of March, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, I was near this house, and saw the prisoners - I came up the road and watched them; I saw them get in at the window of the house - I went and told Mrs. Pope; she came to the house - I fetched Morgan; I then heard a lumbering in the house, as if they had let something down on the floor - there was nobody in the house but them; they were there nearly an hour and a quarter.


                  MARY 
                  POPE
               



            . Ellis fetched me; I went to the house with Letty Edwards; we heard something fall, and went in; Ellis waited outside - we found nobody in the house, but Ellis talked about firing guns up the chimney, and then the prisoners were brought down the drawing-room stairs - they had come out of the chimney; their backs were all over smut and soot - one of them said he had come out of the chimney for fear he should be shot; they did not say what business they had in the house - I had never seen them before; the grate had been moved from its place and laid down, and the slabs also.
THEOBALD, 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24, PARKER, 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
