





1720. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     STANTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of June
, 1 coat, value 17s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Farrant
                        




                     
                   and another
            .


                  PETER 
                  HALDANE
               



            . I am shopman to George and 
               
                  William 
                  Farrant
               



            ; they are pawnbroker
s. On the 23rd of June a coat was stolen from their door - I had seen it at half-past ten o'clock, and missed it about eleven; I saw it brought in by the officer, between seven and eight, the same evening.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAW
               



             (Police-constable H 88). On the day stated, I saw the prisoner go into a house in Wentworth-street; he hung this coat across a chair-back; I went in, and asked him who it belonged to - he said to Mr. Sheen, who was there asleep; I awoke him, and asked if it was his - he said, "No, I know nothing about it."


                  ANN 
                  SHEEN
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  William 
                  Sheen
               



            , of Wentworth-street. I was cleaning the door between twelve and one o'clock; the prisoner brought in this coat; the officer came in and took him away? - I never saw him before, I swear that; the door was open and he came in- my father is a wheelright; he was asleep on a table, as he had been out all night on a job.
Prisoner. They do know me, and her brother has been tried here. Witness. He may say so, but I never saw him in my life before.
Prisoner's Defence. My mother is dead, and my father has three of us to keep; these people buy things, and I went there to sell it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
