





758. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     KENT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April
, 1 purse, value 1d., 3 sovereigns, 1 crown, 1 half-crown, and 7 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Baker
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN BAKER. I live servant
 with Gen. Anderson, in Pall-mall - on the 13th of April, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was near the Haymarket - the prisoner accosted me - I went with her to a house - when I went in, I took my purse in my hand to pay for the room; and when I got into the room, I put it into my left hand pocket - I had in it three sovereigns, one crown, one half-crown, and seven shillings; that was beside what I paid for the room - I was not in the room more than five minutes before I missed my purse, and accused the prisoner of it - she denied all knowledge of it - I made an alarm in the house, and requested the people to fetch a policeman - the serjeant of police came with two men - they found the purse and money, but not in my presence - I had undone my trousers.
Prisoner. Q. Did I speak to you, before you spoke to me? A. You spoke to me first - when we got to the house you asked me for a shilling to pay for the room - I did not say I would give you the purse, and what was in it - I was on the bed, but took no liberties with her.


                  THOMAS 
                  JOSEPH WEST
               



             (police-serjeant C 15). I was sent for, and searched the prisoner to her shift and stockings - I then sent for a female, who found the purse under her petticoats - she steadfastly denied having had the purse.
Prisoner. He is speaking very falsely - I said I had the purse, but would not give it up. Witness. She denied having it, and abused the prosecutor very much.
Prisoner's Defence. After he took liberties with me, he demanded the purse back again, and said I had robbed him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
