





1757. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     EATS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of July
, 1 bag, value 2s.; 1 purse, value 2s.; 1 scent-bottle, value 2s.; 1 lozenge-box, value 2s.; 2 half-sovereigns, and 8 shillings
            , the property of Lady


                  Harriet 
                  St. Germain's
               



            .
2nd COUNT, stating them to be the property of the Countess Dowager St. Germain's.
3rd COUNT, stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Harriet 
                     Elliott
                  



               
            , commonly called the Countess Dowager
 St.'Germain's.
LADY 
               
                  HARRIET 
                  ST. GERMAIN's
               



            . I am the widow
 of Lord St. Germain's. On the 23rd of July I was in a carriage at a review, at Wormwood-scrubs


 - I was looking at the troops, and heard an alarm of Stop thief! or Stop the man! I was informed a bag had been taken from the carriage - I missed a black bag with gold tassels, from the seat of the carriage; I turned, and saw the prisoner at a distance, with a bag in his hand - I could not tell at that distance that it was mine; this bag, which is mine, was brought to the carriage, and the prisoner was brought to the carriage door - it is my bag, and contains the articles stated.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were there many persons about? A. Yes, a great many - I cannot tell whether the prisoner's back was towards me when I saw the bag in his hand, he was at some distance; a person named Ford came to the Police-office, and said he was a constable - Ford had said that he saw the prisoner snatch the bag from my hand, but he denied it then; I had not been there the day before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GUNNER
               



            . I am a servant out of place. On the 23rd of July I was at the review - I heard some persons cry "Stop that man! he has taken something from a carriage;" I turned, and saw the prisoner running towards me, with a bag in his hand - he dropped it behind a gig; I took it up, and took it to the lady; I am sure the prisoner dropped it - I afterwards saw him in custody.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you not running yourself? A. No, the prisoner was running towards me; the last place I had was in the service of a clergyman in Grosvenor-street - I have been out of place three months; I was not dismissed for dishonesty - he did not give me a character, but I dare say he would.


                  EDMUND 
                  BUNCE
               



             (Police-constable T 4.) I took the prisoner - he said he did not know what I took him for; he then said would I take a sovereign and say nothing about it - I said No; he then said he had a wife and family, and would I take two sovereigns, as it would injure him - I said No; he then went on a little further, and said if he were to give me 5l. would I let him go - I said No, not if he were to give me 50l., as I had a wife and family too; I then took him to Paddington station - a man, who false swore himself, gave him to me.
Cross-examined. Q. And I believe, in consequence of his swearing what the Magistrate knew could not be true, he was not heard? A. I believe so - he told me he was a special constable; the prisoner said he did not know what he was taken for, and I said I could not tell him, for I did not know then - this is the bag and property.
LADY ST. GERMAIN's. This is my property - I am sure the prisoner is the man who had something in his hand, but I could not see that it was my bag.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see his face? A. I cannot say that I did, but I know the man from the whole of his appearance - I can be positive of him.
COURT. Q. Though you do not know whether his face was towards you, had you an opportunity of seeing his face? A. I saw rather his side face, but I saw his figure altogether - I saw enough to be quite sure he is the man.
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent; I was talking to two gentlemen, and this Ford came and said"I want you" - he took me to the carriage, as the soldiers were going the other way; Ford said, "I will have a job now," and he afterwards told my wife if she would let him have 5l. he would be out of the way - heswore I snatched the reticule from the lady's arm, and made two attempts at it; he said so on the Monday, and on the Tuesday, and the Magistrate said his evidence would not do at all.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
