




408. 




JANE STOREY
 and 



MARGARET DELANY
 were indicted for

stealing on the 
14th of January, 9 yards of printed cotton, value 5s., the goods of 



Charles Meeking.






ROBERT HALLIDAY
 I am shopman to Charles Meeking a linen-draper on Holborn-hill. On the 14th of January, between half-past five and half-past six o'clock in the evening, a boy who was passing gave me information—I went to the door and missed a print, which had been pinned up inside the door—the boy directed me up Shoe-lane, and half way up there I met the prisoner Storey, with another woman, who I believe to be the other prisoner, but I cannot swear to her—I took the piece of print from Storey, and gave her into custody—the other ran away.





JAMES SMITH
. I am an apprentice to Mr. Johnson, in Fetter-lane. I saw the two prisoners and a boy together, at Mr. Meeking's shop—I heard the boy say to the prisoners, "Now it is all right"—I saw the two prisoners go to the door, unpin the print, and go down Shoe-lane with it—I am certain of then both—I ran in and told the shopman, who followed them—I could not tell which unpinned the print—Storey was immediately taken into custody—Delany and the boy ran away—Delany was taken a week after—I have not seen the boy since I am sure Delany was the person.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. What time was it? A. Between five and six o'clock—it was dark—I was looking at them for about two or three minutes—they had bonnets on, which concealed their faces a little—I had never seen them before—I saw Delany at the station-house in Giltspur-street—she had a straw bonnet on at the time, and so she had at the station-house—they both had straw bonnets on—I was very close to them at first—I was going by—they were at the private door—when I was at the station-house, the policeman said, "Is not this the girl"? and pointed to her—I instantly said, "Yes"—I should know the boy again—I saw him twice—Storey had a shawl on—I think it was green.






GEORGE CHIDGZEY
. I saw the shopman coming from Shoe-lane with Storey and the print—I took Delany into custody on the 27th—I asked Smith if he knew her—he said, "Yes, that is the girl who was with Storey when she stole the print," after looking at her minutely—she had a dirty shawl on, which she borrowed at the time I took her, and a white straw bonnet.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Delany? A. Yes; she sometimes wore a black bonnet, and sometimes a straw one.
(Samuel Harapath, hatter, of Holborn-hill, gave Storey a good character.)

STOREY—


GUILTY
. * Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

DELANY—


NOT GUILTY
.
