




992. 




FREDERICK FRAKE
 and 




JAMES GIBLETT
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
16th of February, at 
Staines, 1 sheep, price 2l., the property of 



John Goring.—2nd COUNT, for killing the same, with intent to steal the carcase.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY BENTLEY
. I am a policeman, stationed at Staines. On Saturday evening, the 16th of February, in consequence of information from Spelling's, I paid particular attention to the flock of Mr. Goring, in the Lammas-field—I went out, about half-past ten o'clock that night, with Lee—Taylor, our inspector, had given directions to Mr. Goring to have his sheep counted—about eleven o'clock that night I saw Giblett go into the White Lion, which is a quarter of a mile from Church-street, and saw him come out about ten minutes after eleven o'clock, with Frake, Duffin, and three others—Frake and Duffin saw me, and began to whisper together—they afterwards parted, and Frake called out to somebody, "Half-past eight in the morning"—they made answer, "It's all right," and parted—Frake crossed the road towards me, in the town—Giblett kept on the other side of the way, and went up the town, the same way as I did—Duffin went quite the contrary way—I watched Frake up the town—he went down Tilley's-lane, leading to where he lives—that is in a direction from London to Staines, leading towards Church-street, and so to Colebrook-lane—I walked about the end of Tilley's-lane, and waited there a few minutes, expecting he would come up again—he came up, and by that time Duffin had got up, and met him at the top of the lane—they went on, I followed them along to the end of Church-street, to High-street, that is in a straight line to Lammas-field, and about a quarter of a mile from it—I met Taylor, and told him what I had seen—I and Lee went the back way to the Lammas ground, and waited there for Taylor—we found out where the sheep were in the field, and watched them until a quarter past one o'clock—they were at that time in an undisturbed state—at a quarter past one o'clock we came away, and Lee went home—I went up the town with Taylor, and remained in the town a little time to see that ell was quiet—about two o'clock we went back again, and found the sheep as we had left them, all quiet, and in the same place—we returned again to the town, went back about half-past three o'clock, and then found that the sheep had been driven a considerable way from where they had been, across the road into another field—it is an open common there—we searched round the field, but could see nobody—we then went towards Giblett's house, at the corner of Black Boy-lane, which comes into Clarence-street and Church-street—I waited about by Giblett's house till about twilight, and at ten minutes after six o'clock, I saw Frake and Giblett coming together up Church-street, as if from the Lammas-field—Taylor was with me—we observed that Giblett had something under his coat, under his right arm—when he saw us, he seemed to try to avoid us, by going across the lane—the moment they saw us, they moved off, and tried to avoid us—when Giblett came to where he should turn to go to his own house, he went quite in a contrary direction, along the Laleham-road, and Frake went down the town, towards his own house—I went

down the Laleham-road after Giblett—I lost sight of him for a second, in consequence of a projection in the road by a school—I followed, and when I got sight of him again, I found he was further a-head of me than before, he must have quickened his pace—I came up with him about a quarter of a mile down the lane—he had passed by the school-house, and by the orchard—I called, "Giblett" after him—he said, "Hollo"—I said, "Where are you going to?"—he said, "To get turnip-greens"—I said, "Do you stop out all night to get turnip-greens?"—he said, "No"—I said, "You have been out all night"—he said he had not—I said, "What were you doing in Church-street with Frake?"—he said he had not seen Frake—I then asked him what that was he had under his arm—he said, "Nothing"—I said, "You had something"—he said, "You may search me if you like"—I felt down his coat, and could not find any thing—I asked him if he had got a knife—he said, "No"—I said, "What were you doing with Frake in Church-street?"—he said he had not seen Frake—I said, "I am sure I saw you come down Church-street"—he said, "You night see me, but I have not seen Frake, I came down on the moor to get turnip-greens"—I said, "Turnip-greens don't grow on the moor"—I told him to come up into the town with me, which he did—he held his hands down by the side of his coat—I said, "What is the matter with your hands?"—he said, "Nothing"—I said, "Let me look"—he put up his right-hand, and it was all over blood, back and front; the inside, and round the outside of the finger nails—the blood was quite damp, as if it had been fresh, and between the fingers also—I asked him to show me the other hand, that was all over blood also, but not so bad—I asked how he accounted for it—he said he had been dressing a sheep's head over night—I asked him where he bought the sheep's head"—he said he did not know, for his wife always went to market—I then told him I strongly suspected he had stolen one of Mr. Goring's sheep, and I should lock him up till I ascertained it, which I did—this was about ten minutes after six o'clock in the morning, between the lights—I afterwards went with Taylor to Giblett's house—I did not see Giblett's wife—I found no sheep's head there—Taylor and I then went to Frake's—we found him at home with his shoes off—I observed blood on his hands, which appeared fresh—it was noticed to him, and he laughed at it—we took him into custody, and gave information to Mr. Goring—I was present about seven o'clock that morning, when a sheep-skin, the feet, and part of the entrails was found in the Thames, which joins the Lammas-field—they had been tied together with string, and thrown in—a sheep's head was left with me by a young man named Denyer—I took it to Mr. Goring's, about ten o'clock that morning, and saw it compared with the skin, which was taken out of the Thames—the lip of the sheep, where there had been no wool, had been starred down—part of the flesh remained on the lip, and part on the skin.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where is the Lammas-field? A. At the back of Staines church—I did not search for a sheep's head or any thing at Giblett's—I have been at Staines sixteen months—Giblett has been there all that time—I asked him all these questions before I told him I took him into custody.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Why did you not look for the sheep's head at his house? A. Because we knew he had not been home—he had gone on by his house, and could not have got in without my seeing him.





ROBERT TAYLOR
. I am Inspector of the police of Staines. About a month before the loss of Mr. Goring's sheep, I received information from

Spellings; and on the Thursday before this I received further information from him, in consequence of which I and my men were on the look-out about the Lammas-field—my attention was culled to the two prisoners and Duffin, about a quarter-past eleven o'clock on Saturday night, going down Church-street—I knew their persons perfectly—I first saw Frake and Duffin coming down the town in company together when I was going up Church-street—it would lead them to the Lammas-field—in consequence of information I placed Lee and Bentley at the Lammas, the back way, and I went down Church-street, to see which way Duffin and Frake went—I lost sight of them in consequence of having some conversation with a man—I joined Lee and Bentley again, in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, at the Lammas—we remained there till a quarter or half-past twelve o'clock—I then sent Lee home, and Bentley and I left for a short time, and went down the town—we went from the town to the Lammas at different times, and at three or four o'clock in the morning found the sheep disturbed, and looked about to find who was concerned—about ten minutes after six o'clock I was standing opposite the turning going down Church-street, and heard some body coming up Church-street—it was not quite light—Bentley was with me—I went towards the place, and observed Giblett and Frake—I have not the least doubt of them—they were coming in a direction from the Lammas—we were standing opposite the turning which leads down to Giblett's house—the prisoners separated very abruptly—Giblett went away from his own house down the Laleham-road, and Frake went towards his own house—I directed Bentley to go after Giblett, while I went to Frake—I asked him where he had been all night—he said, "In the field"—I said, "What field, and what did you do there?"—he said he had been sleeping in a field at the back of Murrell's-mill—that is about two or three hundred yards from his own house——I told him I had been watching for him, and considered he had been out thieving all night—he said, "Well, you know very well where to find me if you should want me"—it was a bitter cold night, and frosty—I saw him go down towards his own house—I then went down the Laleham-road after Bentley and Giblett—I afterwards saw Giblett's hands examined—they were bloody, and appeared damp in some parts, particularly between the two fingers—(when I saw him in Church-street he had something under the arm of his coat)—I heard him say he had been dressing a sheep's head overnight for his supper—he said he went out at four o'clock, and had not been out at night—the police sometimes go off duty about four or half-past four o'clock in the morning—people who an watching us would know that—he said he had been out on the moor to get turnip-greens—there are none there, it is a large common—he was locked up—I then went to Frake's—I examined his hands, and there was blood on them—I said, "Why, Frake, your hands are bloody"—he said, "Are they?" or words to that effect—the blood appeared in the same state as Giblett's as to freshness, but not in quantity—I locked him up, and caused information to be given to Mr. Goring—about eleven o'clock the sheep were brought from the Lammas—he described directly that be had lost a bell-wether sheep—I was present when the skin was found in the Thames—I saw the place where the sheep had been killed—it was in the field adjoining the Lammas-field—both fields bound the Thames—I saw the head compared with the skin, and there is no doubt the skin had belonged to that head—I afterwards saw the carcase, and saw the joint compared

with the bead where they had been parted—I have not the slightest doubt the head belonged to that sheep.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you make any memorandum of the questions you put and the answers you got? A. No; the field in which the sheep was killed I think bounds the county—it is in Buckinghamshire—the Lammas is in Middlesex.





THOMAS GORING
. I am a butcher at Staines. On Saturday night, the 16th of February, my father had sixty-four sheep in the Lammas-field—I had been cautioned by the officers to count than—on Sunday morning, in consequence of information, they were counted again, and there was one missing, which had a bell round its neck—I afterwards saw a skin found in the river—on examining it I found on it the marks by which we distinguish our sheep—I afterwards saw that compared with a head produced by Brown, a cowboy—in my judgment the head had been taken from that skin—the Lammas-field is in Middlesex—there is a ditch separating the two fields, which it the division in Middlesex—it is called Shear Ditch—I afterwards found the carcase buried in a duns heap, about five hundred yards off the county—I compared it with the skin, and fitted the head on—I have not a doubt that it all corresponded—the sheep belonged to my father, John Goring—there it a deep bank to the ditch between the Lammas-field and the next field—it is impossible to get over it, but there is a gate which is not kept locked—there would be no difficulty in getting the sheep through or over that, and taking it into the field where the carcase was found—we traced the sheep by the wool all along to the gate—sheep are in the habit of remaining in the same place all night—I have no interest in the business.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you discover any signs of a sheep having been killed? A. Yes, about two hundred and fifty yards from the Lammas, and we found the bell of the sheep close by it—it was not cut up—it was stuck in the neck, and the skin was taken off very badly, not like a butcher would do it.





JOSIPH BROWN
. I am a cow-boy to Mr. Holgate—his orchard is on the Laleham-road—there is a little school-room built by the road side, with a paling about five feet high. On Sunday morning, the 17th of February, between eight and nine o'clock, I was going to milk master's cows—I went into the orchard near the school-room as the cows were there, and found a sheep's head about a yard from the paling—a man might have pitched it over as he passed by—Mr. Denyer was coming along, and asked me to give it to him, which I did.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not see it come over? A. No.





RICHARD DENYER
. I am a collar-maker, and live at Staines. I saw Brown with the sheep's head in his hand—I took it from him, and took it to Mr. Goring—I afterwards gave it to Lee, the police-sergeant, at half-past nine o'clock—I saw Mr. Goring compare it with the skin and the carcase, and it fitted.





ROBERT SPILLINGS, JUN
. I was a drayman in the service of Messrs. Ashby, the brewers, at Staines. One Sunday morning, about a month before Mr. Goring's sheep was lost, I was in the White lion public-house, at Staines, and saw the prisoners there—Frake asked me if I wanted any thing for dinner—I said, "Yes," and asked him what he had got—he said a leg of mutton—I communicated the conversation we had to Taylor, and told him what I had purchased of them—I saw them again in the evening—on the Thursday before the Saturday when this sheep was taken, I saw

Frake at the White Lion—he asked me to give him some beer—I gave him some—he said, "We will make it all right by Sunday if we have a pull before then"—I asked what they were going to have, and said, "A woolly one?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "One of Mr. Goring's?"—he said, "Yes"—I asked him when he was going to have it—he said, "If we don't to-morrow night, we shall on Saturday night"—I went and told Lee the policeman what had passed—Frake told me to be at the White Lion on Sunday morning, by half-past eight o'clock, to receive a leg of them—on the Friday evening I was coming home with the dray through the town and met Frake coming up Church-street from the Lammas, where the sheep were—he said he had been and looked out a good one—I went after the police to tell them, but they were out on duty, and I told the watchman—I had regularly told them what passed from time to time—Frake had told me on Thursday night what time the police came off duty—he said, "We can always beat them, we know what time they come off duty, between four and five o'clock in the morning"—on Saturday evening, as I was going home from the White Lion, about a quarter before eleven o'clock, I met Giblett—he asked me if I had seen Frake any where—I said, yes, I had, and I had been hunting after him—I told him Frake was at the White Lion—he said, "I hope he ayn't gone down the field, for the policemen are gone that way, and if he does not mind what he is at, they will nick him"—I was in the tap-room of the White Lion on Saturday night, and so was Frake, but I was gone home before they parted—I did not hear any thing said about "It's all right."

Cross-examined. Q. Did you go and tell the Magistrate of this? A. No, this is the first time I have given evidence on oath—I am a native of Staines—I had been in the public-house about four hours on the Saturday night—I left at a quarter to eleven o'clock—I was not drinking all the while.

Frake. Q. You say you saw Giblett and me there on Friday night? A. No, on the Sunday morning after Simmons's sheep was lost, not Mr. Going's—I said, If you would go down in the country with me, you could go on the Monday and bring things back—I did that to keep in with you, and to know when you were going to do the deed—I never told you so but once—I have not been offered 5l. to come here—I never told any body so, or any thing of the sort.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you ever charged with any offence before a Magistrate in your life? Q. No—I have lived with Messrs. Ashby six years.

Frake to
HENRY BENTLEY. Q. How could you see me and Giblett coming up Church-street, when you stood against a large building, which prevented your seeing us? A. I could see to the end of Church-street, and I heard you coming before I saw you—I was not twenty yards from you. Frake's Defence. I am innocent of the charge—I came out of this house on Saturday night, and went up the town—I came along with this Thomas Duffin—he was at the top of the town—he went as far as the top of Church-street, and wished me good night—I wished him good night, and went and laid down—I never saw Giblett till next morning, at the Cage.

FRAKE—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

GIBLETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.




Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Lord Chief Justice Tindal.

