



759. 




RALPH ALLANSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
28th of February, 5 shawls, value 4l. 10s.; 1 box, value 2l., 12s.; 35 yards of silk, value, 4l. 3s.; and 1 ounce weight of sewing silk, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



Elijah May and others, his masters, in the dwelling-house of the said 



Elijah May.






ELIJAH MAY
. I live in Whitechapel. The shop is part of the dwelling-house—I have two partners—the rent is paid by the firm—the prisoner was in our employment for about three weeks—On Saturday, the 20th of February, I received information from some of the young men, and took this shawl, value 30s., from the prisoner's pocket—it has my mark on it, "d-o"—it is my own handwriting—I sent for an officer, and he was searched—it was about eight o'clock in the evening—some sewing-silk worth about 1s. 6d., was found in his different pockets—a lady's sable bon was twisted round his body, his shirt, with my private mark for 2l. 10s. on it—when I took the shawl from him, he said he hoped I would have pity on him for the sake of his friends—I went with the officer to his bed-room, and searched a box which he had borrowed of me.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you two partners besides yourself? A. Yes; two brothers—he was the servant of the firm, at 45l. a year, besides his board and lodging—he had received nothing.





THOMAS HOVEE
. I am in the employ of Messrs. May, and have been there three weeks—I remember the prisoner being there, and his being taken into custody—he slept in the same bed with me—after he was in custody, I went up to our bed-room, and in the presence of three or four others, searched about the bed, and on the side of the bed he slept on—I found four shawls between the bed and the mattress—these are the shawls, they have the shop-mark on them—I found this piece of silk in the warehouse, between the rafters and ceiling—he had been in that warehouse.




GUILTY. Aged 29.—of stealing, but not in the Dwelling-house.




Transported for Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
