



1977. 




JAMES WHITEHOUSE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
29th of July, 1 gelding, price 20l., the property of 



George William Lenox.






JOSEPH KENT
. I am in the service of George William Lenox, of Angler's-lane, Tottenham. On Sunday, the 29th of July, I saw his bay gelding safe about half-past three o'clock, in the field adjoining the house—the field also joins the highway—it was loose except haying a log its leg—there is a gate to the field leading to the highway—it was fastened with a chain and wooden peg, but not locked—I missed the gelding on Monday, at half-past seven o'clock—I found the log partly in a pond at the bottom of the field-not near the highway—I know the prisoner by his being employed at hay-making with us the previous week—he was working

in the same field, one part of which is parted off with hurdles for cattle—we saw marks in the field as if the horse had been dodged about—it was a difficult horse to catch without corn—I saw it again on Monday the 30th at Hatton Garden—I am sure it was the same horse.





WILLIAM CHING
. I am a policeman. I saw the prisoner in Upper-street, Islington, about a quarter before twelve o'clock, on Sunday night, the 29th of July, riding on a gelding—I suspected it did not belong to him, and asked him to whom it belonged—he told me, it belonged to Mr. Rhodes, of the Green-lanes, Tottenham, and he was taking it to Smithfield—he afterwards said it belonged to himself—I said I should detain him—he said he had bought it at Smithfield for 7l., and was going to take it there again—I detained him, and took him to Hatton Garden-next day Kent identified it there.

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming along the road a man overtook me, riding a horse, and he had this horse in his hand—he asked me to take this to Smithfield for him, I told him "Yes"—he said he would give me half-a-crown to take him to the Ram, Smithfield—he said he had to go another road, and would meet me there, and of course it was my horse, while I was paid for taking it there.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.
