





1743. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of August
, 1 saw, value 8s.; 2 chisels, value 1s.; 2 brad-awls, value 6d.; 4 gimblets, value 6d., and 3 screw-drivers, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Field
                        



                     
                  ; 1 saw, value 4s., and 2 chisels, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Doyle
                        



.



                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am a carpenter
. I lost my tools on the 4th of August, from Staples' Inn


, where I was at work - they had been safe at twelve o'clock, and I missed them at half-past twelve.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DOYLE
               



            . I was working at the same place, and lost a saw and two chisels.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY WALSHAM
               



            . Between twelve and one o'clock, on the 4th of August, I was passing Staples' Inn, and saw the prisoner coming across the garden, with a basket; I am a bricklayer, and seeing he was a stranger, I asked what business he had there; he said, a man at the end of the street had sent him for his tools - I asked him to go and show me the man - we went, and he could not find him - he then said, "Pray let me go - I have a wife and seven children;" I said I thought I should not be justified, and took him to the Police.


                  THOMAS 
                  PERRING
               



            . I am a Police-officer, and took the prisoner; he said a man in black gave him 6d. to go and fetch his tools.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been where there were some men at work, and a man asked me to go and open a gate, that I should find some tools in a basket under the trees, and he would give me 6d. to bring them down to him; I met this man, who told me to go and put them back, which I did.
Witness. He did not put them down.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
