





1117. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     BOULTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving on the 27th of April
, 2 pairs of shoes, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel Edward 
                           Stannard
                        




                     
                  , well knowing the same to have been previously stolen
            ; against the Statute, &c.


                  EDWARD 
                  STANNARD
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and live in Princes-street, Soho. On the 27th of April a person came and said he had seen three pairs of shoes taken from my shop - this was between ten and eleven o'clock; I looked, and missed them - I took another pair from the shop, and went to some pawnbrokers, to stop any shoes of that description; soon afterwards a Police-man came - I went with him, and saw one pair of my shoes, which the prisoner had pawned.


                  ROBERT 
                  HUSON
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was called into a pawnbroker's, and found the prisoner there; Howse gave me one pair of shoes, which she had attempted to pawn - I took her, and in going to the watch-house she said they had been given her by three boys, whom she named, and they were waiting her return in Bainbridge-street - I went there, but they were gone; she also told me she had pawned a similar pair in Tottenham-court-road - I took the prosecutor there, and he owned them; the prisoner said the boys had stolen the shoes - I made her no promise.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOWSE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I stopped the prisoner, and gave information - I was not there when she first came, but from what I heard from my shopman I came down into the shop, and asked the prisoner whose shoes they were; she said her brother's, and she would fetch him - I detained her, and gave her into custody.
ROBERT SPINKS. I live opposite the prosecutor's shop. I saw two boys take some shoes from his shop, and run away - I told him of it.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not know they were stolen; they came and asked me to pawn them, which I went to do, and they said they would give me 1s. - I never said they were stolen.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
