



1317. 




WILLIAM JONES



as indicted, for that he, having been convicted of uttering counterfeit coin, did afterwards, on the 
13th of March, feloniously utter and put off, to 



Richard Hewit, a counterfeit half-crown, knowing it to be counterfeit.


The
HON. MR. SCARLETT
and
MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant-solicitor to her Majesty's Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of William Jones, at this Court, in June 1838—I have examined it with the record, and it is a true copy—(read.)





WILLIAM CHING
. I am a policeman. I was in attendance in the June Session, 1838, when the prisoner was tried and convicted of the offence stated in the copy of the record—I was the officer who took him on that charge.





RICHARD HEWIT
. I keep an orange-stall, at the end of Rosoman-street, Clerkenwell, and live in Red Lion-court. On Saturday, the 9th of March, the prisoner came to my stall, between nine and ten o'clock, and asked how I sold my oranges—I told him 1d. each—he took four, laid them down at the end of the stall, and handed me a good half-crown—I looked at it, and handed him two good shillings, and a fourpenny piece, expecting to get 1d. from him—he then said he would not have the oranges, as he thought to get them at a halfpenny a-piece—I meant to sell them two for three halfpence—we generally ask more at first—he said he would not have them, except at a halfpenny each—I handed him the half-crown back, and he gave me back 2s. and ran away as hard as he could—I suspected something, examined the shillings, and one of them was bad—it was not the one I had given to him, because I had examined them both—I am sure I did not give him a bad one—I rolled it up in a piece of paper, and kept it till I gave it to the policeman—the prisoner came again on the Wednesday following, the 13th, and asked me how I sold my oranges—I told him 1d. each—he took three, and handed me a bad half-crown—I put it to my

teeth, and it began to bend—I said, "This it a very nice piece you have brought me again to-day," and told him it was sufficient for him to have passed one before, on the Saturday night—he said, "What is the matte?"—I said, "It is a bad one"—he said, "Give me my own"—I said, "No, I will not, till I have given you in custody to a policeman"—he said he would fetch me a policeman—he went down to the end of the prison wall, and looked about him on both sides—a little boy came up, I told him to mind my stall, while I followed the prisoner—when he saw me leave my stall, he ran away—I hallooed out "Stop thief," and ran after him—when I got up, the policeman had stopped him in some ruins—he had ran more than one hundred yards—I gave the bad money to the policeman.





GEORGE WATERLOO HOLLAND
. I am a policeman. I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner running—he jumped down a place where a foundation was digging for a house, about one hundred and fifty yards from Hewit's stall—I jumped down and took him—Hewit came up, and told me the charge—I asked the prisoner if he had passed the half-crown which Hewit gave me—he said, "I did not pass it"—Hewit after-wards gave me the shilling—I asked the prisoner if he had ever seen Hewit before—he said "No"—I told him he charged him with passing a shilling on the Saturday before, but he denied ever having seen him before—I produce the shilling and half-crown.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin. This shilling and half-crown are counterfeit in all respects.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Befog Mr. Baron Maule.

