




803. 




JOSEPH BOLTON
 and 




THOMAS BARKER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
23rd of December, 2 petticoats, value 2s.; 8 pairs of stockings, value 2s.; 2 shifts, value 2s.; and 8 pinafores, value 2s.; the goods of 



Margaret Freeman.—2nd COUNT, stating them to belong to 



George Newport.







SARAH ANN NEWPORT
. I live with my father in Theobald's-road. Margaret Freeman is at Bath, and has been there about a year and a half—she left her boxes in our house—they were locked—I had seen their contents two years ago—they have been with us four years—they contained the articles stated in the indictment—the prisoner's parents lodged in the house—the boxes were kept in a loft, at the top of the house—the loft was padlocked, and there was another door at the top of the stairs—we found the staple drawn, on the 12th of February, and the boxes broken open, and the property gone—three locks were broken, and the other had the lid broken—only Bolton was in the house then—Barker had gone into the workhouse, on the 28th of January—the boxes were all safe on the 18th of December—a constable brought Bolton in custody to our house, and Barker was taken up the same evening—Bolton was brought in first—he sat down, and told article by article, as he had pawned them, without any threat whatever; and Barker, when he was brought in, acknowledged to assisting in breaking the boxes open.





GEORGE POWELL
. I took Bolton into custody on Saturday, the 14th—he told me where I should find the property.





STEPHEN THORNTON
. I am a policeman. I apprehended Barker, and brought him to No. 84, Theobald's-road—he said he was present at the time the boxes were broken open, but told me he did not assist in breaking them open—I neither threatened, nor made him any promise.





ANN ASHBY
. I lodge at Mrs. Newport's house. I saw Bolton, on the Saturday before he was taken, come down the stairs of the loft with some white apparel in his hand—it appeared to be women's clothes—I asked him what he had been doing there—he said he had been fetching some things—I asked him who told him—he said, "Nobody"—I asked what business he had there—he said he should not have gone, if Barker had not told him there was a great many things there—I said, if Mr. Newport knew it, he would send him to prison—he beggfed me not to say any thing about it, as he had never been there before, and would not go again—I made him take them back, and told Mr. Newport of it next day—I had seen Barker on the landing-place several times before, talking to Bolton.





HENRY HAMPSTEAD
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Gray's-inn-lane. I produce a sheet, pawned by Bolton for 9d.—I have several other articles, which another young man took in.





WILLIAM STAPLETON
. I am servant to Mr. Stafford. I have some property, but the person who took them in has left.





SARAH ANN NEWPORT

re-examined. This property belongs to Margaret Freeman—I can swear to it all—I believe every, article to be hers.

Bolton. It being my first offence, I leave it to the mercy of the Court.

BOLTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

BARKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.




Transported for Seven Years.
There was another indictment against Bolton.
