



2844. 




THOMAS SPENCER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
15th of October, 248lbs. weight of silk, value 300l., the goods of 



George Jones.—2nd COUNT, stating it to belong to 



David Drakeford.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





THOMAS BULPIT
. I am wagoner to Mr. George Jones—he has a wagon from Andover to London. On Tuesday, the 15th of October, I was coming to London—I had come up on the 8th—Mr. Perman keeps the white Bear public-house, at Hounslow—I got there on the 15th, at seven o'clock—I had taken up this prisoner between Egham and Staines—he wanted to ride to Hounslow, no further—I had my little boy with me—I had received four trusses of silk from Mr. Taplin's at Overton—they were all safe in the wagon—when I got to Hounslow, at seven o'clock, they were together, laid as close as we could load them, and as near the tail

as we could put them, within about a yard—I saw them all safe—when we got to Bedfont, the prisoner got out, and we had three pints of beer toge-ther—he said he was going on to Hounslow—I stopped at the White Bear public-house at Hounslow, and took my horses out—I left my little boy in the wagon—after I had done my horses, I went into the White Bear public-house, and saw the prisoner sitting in the tap-room—he asked me to have a pint of beer with him—he jumped up, and went and fetched it, put it on the table, and asked me to drink—I told him I wanted victuals first, as I had not had any thing to eat since dinner—he sat down about a minute or two, and then he jumped up and said he wanted a pipe of tobacco, and he would go to the bar and fetch it—my son George was by my side, going to have some victuals—I said something to him, and he went out of the room—he came back in a minute, and made a communication to me—I ran out directly to the wagon, and the prisoner was in it, getting a truss of silk over from the back to the front of the wagon—I stopped him, and said to him, "You rascal, what are you doing, robbing my wagon?"—he sprung out of the wagon, and fell down across the shafts—I jumped down upon him, and held him till I got assistance—he wanted me to let him go, and said he had not robbed the wagon, and was not going to do it—at last I gave him into custody—when I got to London, I found one of the four bales of silk was actually gone—I was in such a flurry at the time I took him, that I did not think of examining whether another bale was gone—I saw them safe at Hounslow before I left the wagon.

Q. Was it before the prisoner said he was going, that you had ascertained the bales of silk were safe? A. Yes, and after that I found him in the wagon—he said he was looking for his handkerchief—the wagon stopped from seven till a quarter after eight o'clock, and then this happened—the policeman took charge of the bale of silk.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What bale was that? A. The one the prisoner was getting over the wagon—I left Andover on Saturday night at six o'clock—it was dark then—I took in these bales at Overton, on the Monday afternoon, at two o'clock—I first met the prisoner between three and four o'clock in the afternoon—when I got to Bedfont it was right, and at Hounslow—when I got tired I went to sleep, if I got some-body to take care of the wagon, but I did not have a nap after I left Bedfont, before I got to Hounslow—I drove myself—I took nobody else up—the tail of the wagon was secure—we never undo the tail—we get in and out at the head—my little boy was in the wagon all the time—it was all right at Hounslow—I looked round the wagon, before 1 went into the White Bear public-house, which we always do, to get our victuals out—when I got in, the silk was all right—I could see every parcel—I had a lantern—I took the lantern to look for the victuals—I had not been in the house above four or five minutes, when I came out and found the prisoner at the head of the wagon—my boy was then by the side of us—the police-man came up in a quarter of an hour—I did not go into the wagon with my lantern after that—I left Hounslow about two o'clock in the morning and got to London about six o'clock, and found a bale gone—we had no passenger from Hounslow—we had had a woman, but she got out before this happened, and went to bed—the passengers would sit on these bales.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You went in with your lantern to look for your victuals, and you saw all the bales? A. Yes, when I saw the prisoner

in the act of doing what I have been describing, I did not tee him with a pipe or tobacco.

COURT. Q. The tail of the wagon was secure? A. Yes, and it was as secure when I got to London—nothing could have been taken out at the back-we take all out at the front.





GEORGE BULPIT
. I was with my father on this Tuesday—I remember the prisoner joining us between Egham and Staines—I cannot say how far it was from Bedfont, as I only came up for a few weeks' holidays—I rode inside from the time of the prisoner getting up till I got to Hounslow, or on the footboard, but I never left the wagon—I got down at Bedfont, but did not walk one hundred yards—there were some poles by the side of the wagon at Hounslow—the prisoner got out and went to the corner behind the poles—on that another man came from the other aide of the road, and talked to the prisoner—they were together about two minutes, and I then laid down in the wagon again—up to that time I had not left the wagon—a little time after that he came up on the shafts of the wagon, it was then dark—he said, Is any one here?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Where is your father?"—I said, "In the yard, doing his horses"—he said, "I wanted to have a drop of beer with him before I leave"—I laid down again, and after a time my father came out to me—I told him what had passed between me and the prisoner—my father went away, and did not say any thing—I remained on the wagon about twenty minutes, when my father came to me with a light after the victuals, and looked round the wagon—I can swear the four bales were safe then—I saw them myself—I then went into the tap-room with my father, and the prisoner was there—I did not remain away more than five or six minutes—I had not eaten two mouthfuls—(up to the time I left the wagon the tail of it was safe)—the prisoner said he must go and call for a pipe of tobacco—he went out, then my father said something to me, and gave me some directions, which I obeyed—I went to the tail of the wagon, and heard something rustle—I went to the head, and could hear it plainer—I did not make any noise—I went back to my father in the tap-room, and told him what I had seen and heard—he went out and I after him, but did not get there so soon as he—I saw my father with the prisoner on the ground—the bale was lying up against the head of the wagon—I heard the prisoner say, "Pray let me go"—when be was first taken up he seemed to peep about the wagon, and then he laid down by the side of an old woman, who got down at Hounslow, and went to bed—she was gone before my father examined the wagon with the lantern.

COURT. Q. Does your father generally come up with this wagon alone? A. No, he has an older son than MR.





GEORGE PERSIAN
. I keep the White Bear public-house at Hounslow—the wagon stops at my house every Tuesday night—I was in doors, on the night of the 15th of October—two gentlemen came up in a light chaise-cart—it was a dark coloured chaise, picked out with red—it came up about ten minutes after the wagon had drawn up—the gentlemen came and asked me for a glass of ale—I drew the ale myself, and asked them to walk into the parlour—they said no, they should stop about the door—they smoked two cigars—after they had finished the first glass they re-turned and had a second—I cannot tell how long it was before they left—I could almost swear, that on Tuesday, the 8th, I saw the prisoner walk away from the wagon across the road, and I saw the same chaise-cart,

or one of the same colour—I believe the prisoner to be the man I saw the 8th, but he had a great coat on then, and I should not like to swear to him—he went on the 8th, and stood against the shafts of the wagon-that excited my suspicion, and I made a communication to the wagoner-after Jones's wagon came up, on the 15th, I heard it had been robbed—I ran out, and found the ostler and the wagoner having a tussle with the prisoner, and I said, "You vagabond, you have been robbing my wagon"—he laid hold of my hand, and said, "For God's sake let me go; I am a respectable man; do you think I would do such a thing?—I said, "You hold him fast, I will get an officer"—as we were walking to the station-house I saw him doing something at his pocket—I dropped back, to see that he might drop nothing, and we went on to the cage—he was searched at the station-house, and his handkerchief was taken from the inside pocket of his coat—the bale was left in my charge-it has not been interfered with—the prisoner did not in the course of the evening call for a pipe of tobacco.

Cross-examined. Q. When you took him, was he dressed as he is now? A. I can swear to the same trowsers, and jacket, and waistcoat-the person I saw the week before had a great coat on—I cannot swear he was the man—the chaise was a light chaise, of the same colour.





WILLIAM BASSETT
. I am horse patrol of Hounslow. In consequence of a communication, about nine o'clock, on the 15th of October, I went to Mr. Perman's, and took the prisoner to a house opposite the cage—I found on him a handkerchief, a penknife with two blades, and 1s. 6d., and 4 1/2 d.—I asked where he came from—he said from the other side of Staines—he said he did not live there, he had been travelling, and that he was a book-binder.





CHARLES DE COODREE
. I keep a beer-shop at Bedfont. On the 15th of October Jones's wagon stopped at my house, between five and six o'clock, and in about five minutes two persons came up in a chaise-cart—I saw Bulpit's back was turned when he went to water the horses at the trough—I saw the prisoner and the two men who came in the chaise-cart talking together—I cannot say that I saw them drink together—the other two men had a pint of ale, but whether the prisoner had any I cannot say—the men in the cart drove off directly after the wagon left—I cannot say which way they went, but, I believe, towards London—that wagon always stops at my house.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose a great many wagons do? A. Not a great many—I saw the chaise-cart with the horse's head towards London—my house is by the side of the road—there is not a branch road off for nearly half a mile from my house—the cart arrived between four and five minutes after the wagon—it could not be ten minutes after, as the wagon does not stop above ten minutes.





JAMES HOPKINS
. I am ostler at the White Bear public-house, Hounslow. I was there on the evening of the 15th of October—I remember the chaise cart coming, and the wagon stopping—I saw one person in the chaise cart, and another came up about a minute after the cart stopped they had some drink—after the wagon had stopped I saw the prisoner talking to those two men who came with the cart—the cart was behind the wagon—there were some poles by the side of the wagon.





CHARLES TAPLIN
. I live at Overton. On the 14th of October I placed four packages of silk in Mr. Jones's wagon—this is one of them—the direction

on it is in my young master's writing, "Mr. D. Drakeford, London"—it contains tram silk, worth about 245. a pound, and here is about 120lbs. in this package.





HUGH LAVINGTON
. I know Mr. Drakeford's name is David.

Prisoner's Defence. There was a dog in the wagon, which caused the rustling.
(Edward Hill, a hardware dealer, of Bronte-place, Walworth, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.
