





456. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BRYANT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of February
, 29 lbs. of tobacco, value 3l. 10s., and 4 lbs. of snuff, value 14s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Fish
                        




                     
                   and another
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  DUTTON
               



            . I live in St. John-street, Clerkenwell, and am in the service of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Fish
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Collins
               



            . On the evening of the 3rd of February I was near Whitehall


 with a cart, loaded with tobacco and snuff - I perceived a sudden jerk of the cart, and saw the prisoner take a bag, containing 20 lbs. of tobacco and 4 lbs. of snuff; he ran, and I pursued him - he was taken in my sight; I saw him throw down the bag.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JAMES 
                  WYATT
               



            . I live in Regent-street. I was near the Pay-office on the 3rd of February, about half-past six o'clock in the evening - I heard a cry of Stop thief! I turned my head, and saw the prisoner coming towards me with a parcel on his shoulder; I tried to stop him, but he got past me - I saw him attempt to throw the parcel over the rails by the Admiralty; he was apprehended in my sight, within about five yards; I took the bag, and delivered it to the earman.


                  DAVID 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I was going towards Charing-cross - I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner running; I stopped him, and Dutton came up - he said, "That is the man, I will take my oath;" the prisoner made no reply.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
