





1914. 
               
                  
                     ALICE MARGARETIA 
                     FELIER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of August
, 1 bonnet, value 1s.; 1 frock, value 1s.; 2 petticoats, value 1s. 6d., and 1 shirt, value 9d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     David Adams 
                     Cadogan
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  CADOGAN
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  David 
                  Adams Cadogan
               



            , a tailor
 - we live in Wardour-street, Soho. On the 21st of August I was in Oxford-street


, with my cousin, who is eleven years old, and my brother, who is eleven weeks old - I gave the child to my cousin to carry; I walked rather behind - the prisoner was walking behind- she went up in front, and said to my cousin, "What a nice little child;" she then went up, and said, "Give me the child, for you will hurt yourself - I must carry it, and if it cries I must give it the breast;" she took it up to a door-way, lifted up her gown, and pretended to give it the breast; I then went up, and said it was my little brother, and it was my mother's child - people came round, and she said the mother of the child was dead, and it was given to her to carry, and she had a right to it - she began to cry, because I said it was my mother's - two women came up, and she began to walk away; the Policeman came up, and took her - the child was dressed - I was behind, but she did not know I had any thing to do with it.


                  EDWARD 
                  DODSWORTH
               



            . I am a draper. I was in Oxford street on the 25th of August, and saw the prisoner take the child out of the little girl's hand - the girl began to cry, and said that woman had got her child; I went up, and said, "Give that child to the girl" - she said,"I will not, it is my child, and I am going to give it the breast" - she pulled her gown aside, and pretended to give it the breast: a gentleman came up, and said, "That's not her child, an old faggot, she has no milk," and with difficulty the child was got from her - the Policeman came up, and took her.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  BERGER
               



            . I am a Policeman. I received her in charge.
Prisoner. I never took any child, or ever wanted it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 57. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
