








Before Mr. Recorder.
1785. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CHITTELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Wood
                        



                     
                  , on the 31st of August

, and stealing, 8 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, 4 half-crowns, and 10 shillings, his monies
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PUTTICK
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BULMER
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     WARD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said 4 sovereigns, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOD
               



            . On the 31st of August I lived in Syer's-buildings, Mill-wall, Poplar



; my son James is the tenant - I lived there by his permission, but paid no rent: he does not live there now; he left the day before this happened, his term having expired as soon as he could pay the rent - he left the goods there till he could pay the rent; he only took the house from week to week - he lives at Greenwich; I was not in his employ at all - his goods were left in the room in which I dwell till he could paythe rent; he never intended to return to the house again. I went out, between five and six o'clock in the morning, on the 31st of August, leaving this money in my trunk in the back kitchen; I barred the back door leading to the back kitchen, and locked the front door - I returned between six and seven o'clock in the evening: I found the back door broken open - my trunk was broken open, and the money gone; Chittell lived next door but one to me - he was taken up four or five days after.
Cross-examined by MR. RYLAND. Q. When had you seen the money? A. I recollect counting it the night before this happened, and put it into a little box, under my clothes in the trunk, which was locked, and I had the key; I did not go out till the Tuesday morning - I found a pane of glass broken out of the back window; the money was all my own.


                  THOMAS 
                  PARSLOW
               



            . I am a Police-officer. Last Friday evening, at half-past six o'clock, I was on duty at Mill-wall, and saw the prosecutor; in consequence of his statement I apprehended the prisoners in the neighbourhood - I went to Puttick with his friends, and asked him how he had come by a boat; he said Chittell gave him the money to purchase it - I took Chittell at his mother's, asked what he knew of the robbery, and how he got the money he had given to Puttick for the boat; he said he knew nothing of the robbery, and had not given Puttick any money - I took him to Puttick, and asked if that was the boy who gave him the money to purchase the boat; he said, Yes, it was - I then asked Chittell how he got the money, but did not hold out threat or promise to him; he burst into tears, and said he got it from Mr. Wood's house - I asked him who was concerned; he said Bulmer and Ward - Chittell said he got over the back wall, broke the kitchen window, put his hand through, unboited the door, got in and broke the chest open with a mallet and chisel, and took the money; I asked what the money was - he said eight sovereigns, two half-sovereign, and 20s.; he said he had given Bulmer and Puttick 4l. to purchase the boat, and Bulmer, Ward and Puttick 1l. each beside, and spent the rest - Puttick denied having more than the 4l.; Bulmer and Ward also said they had no more than the 4l. for the boat - that Chittell had told them he found the money, and they knew nothing of the robbery; and he said that nobody but himself knew of the robbery till after he committed it.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure you neither threatened nor promised Chittell any thing; did you not tell him he would be hung? A. No, I did not; he told me himself how the robbery was done.


                  MATTHEW 
                  BEVAN
               



            . I am a mariner. I sold Puttick a boat on the 25th of August for 4l.; he first came about it on the Sunday - when he knocked at my door Ward and Bulmer were with him, but did not interfere: he paid me for it on the Thursday - the boat laid at Rotherhithe; Ward was with him when I delivered it to him, and got into it.
Chittell's Defence. I found 5l. against the tavern at Blackwall, and gave 4l. for the boat; old Wood came to me, and said if I had taken the money I had better say so, or I should be hung.
THOMAS WOOD. I did not say so - we held out neither promise nor threat to him.
CHITTELL - 


               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 12.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PUTTICK, BULMER and WARD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
