



2395. 




CHARLES FREDERICK HUNT
 was again indicted

for stealing on the 
16th of October, at 
St. James's, Westminster, 4 sets of teeth, set in gold, value 20l.; 3 parts of sets of teeth, value 5l. 9s. pieces of gold weighing 6z., value 12l.; and 1 syringe, value 2l.; the goods of 



Samuel Cartwright, his master, in his dwelling-house.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL CARTWRIGHT, JUNR
. I am the son of Mr. Samuel Cartwright of Old Burlington-street—the prisoner was in my father's employ—he attended the door, and admitted patients, and made arrangements for their seeing my father, and afterwards waited at table if there was company—he had fifty guineas a year, boarded in the house, and was permitted to go home at night—if there was no party, he left about seven or eight o'clock at night—he was discharged, and left about the 8th or 10th of October—my father at that time paid him some money—I cannot say the exact sum, but it was about 20l.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Did he pay him the same day as he was discharged? A. That I cannot be certain of—I did not see it paid, nor see the prisoner leave the house—I afterwards received a letter from we prisoner, in consequence of which my father sent a person to the Green-park—the prisoner bore a good character up to this time—these are want are called natural teeth, taken from the human jaw, I presume—I am twenythree years of age—I assist my father—I am not in partnership with him I receive part of the profits of the business—these teeth were stolen before I regularly attended at Burlington-street—I first began to receive part of the profits last September, during the time my father was out of town—I saw patients, and then received fees—that was the time I consider I assisted him—I kept the fees I received—I have since that received a share of the profits of the business—I did not before that—none whatever.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you offer those fees you took in September to your father? A. Yes, and he begged me to keep them—that was the extent of the partnership—there was no partnership in writing—my father has not returned to town for good yet—he is merely in town one day or a day and a half.

COURT. Q. Has there been a deed of partnership between you? A. No—he merely allows me to take what he pleases—I have not received any share in the fees taken by my father—I have no share or right 10 any of his teeth or instruments.





WILLIAM MASTERS
. I produce a syringe which the prisoner pawned with me for 30s.—I should think it worth about 2l.—I had an assistant named

Meagle at that time—I produce some teeth, and other articles—I did not take them in myself—I do not think I have seen the prisoner on the subject of any of these—I do not recollect speaking to him about any of these—some of the duplicates are written by my apprentice, and some by my young man—I have had a conversation with the prisoner on articles of this kind, but I cannot identify any one now before me—I had a conversation with him respecting artificial teeth about the date these were in ray possession—these have been taken in during twelve months—there have been more transactions.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you any motive for concealing the truth? A. Not the least—I have not come here as an unwilling witness.





SAMUEL CARTWRIGHT, JUNR
. re-examined. I know this syringe to be my father's, and the other things also.

MR. JONES. Q. Have you ever said you could not swear to the syringe? A. No—I never expressed a doubt about its being my father's—I have continually seen it in my father's drawer—I knew it by three separate tubes in it.





HENRY SHERWIN
. I am an officer of Marlborough-street The prisoner was given in my custody—I received some duplicates from him after I received him in charge in the Green-park—I walked with him towards his own house—he told me he had pledged the things at Mr. Masters's—we had been talking about the teeth and silver—every one of the duplicates I received from him correspond with the things which have been produce.

Cross-examined. Q. Before he said what you have stated, did you say any thing to him? A. I told him I took him on a charge of felony—I said nothing to induce him to say any thing—it was quite voluntary—he never attempted to deny or conceal the matter—he told me he meant to redeem them.





WILLIAM MASTERS

re-examined. I took in the syringe—this duplicate is my writing—this other is the hand-writing of the young man who is with me now—the two are not in the same hand-writing—I have known the prisoner for two or three years—I did not know where be lived—I knew his person very well—I knew him by the name of Mayland.

MR. CARTWRIGHT, JUN., re-examined. The frame-work of these teeth is gold—they are worth from thirty to forty guineas a set when prepared for a patient—there are about four whole sets and some parts.

MR. JONES. Q. Can you account for their being described in the indictment as worth 251.? A. No—I cannot swear that I have ever seen these before, but I know them to be my father's by a mark inside, of the day of the month and the year they were made—I have not the slightest doubt of their belonging to my father.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Ten Years.
