








569. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FERGUSON
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     BOND
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BERRY
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of January
; 9 pairs of shoes, value 29s.; 2 pairs of boots, value 10s.; and 1 boot, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     White
                  




               
            .
MARY WHITE. I live at No. 109, Rosemary-lane
, and am a widow
; I and my son sell a few second-hand shoes
. On the 27th of January I was very ill, and was up stairs between twelve and one o'clock - I heard a huzzaing, and some person crying out, "Shoes and boots." I looked out at the window, and saw nearly two hundred persons round the house - they kept on crying out, and looking up to me; the prisoners said, "Halloo, mistress, for your shoes and boots;" my shop-window is glazed, and is a plain window - I saw the persons carrying the boots and shoes from my window; I then went down, and the people ran away - there was a great deal of noise and hallooing - one of the party had a flag, and I followed it; I had seen my son go out to try to save a few of the goods - he was struck several times, and had a black eye; I cannot speak to the persons of the prisoners - I lost nine pairs of shoes, two pairs of boots, and an odd boot; I have since seen one of the pairs of shoes, and the odd boot - they were part of the property stolen by the mob.


                  JOHN 
                  COX
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 27th of January I went to Ratcliff-cross, between twelve and one o'clock; I saw Ferguson there, with the colours in his right hand - there were from a hundred to a hundredand fifty persons round them, within half a dozen yards; I saw a fresh pair of shoes on Ferguson's feet, and another pair under his jacket - these are the pair he had on his feet; they appeared clean, and have been claimed by the prosecutrix - the pair in his bosom were very dirty; I should think he was then a mile from the prosecutrix's house - I took him to the watch-house.
COURT to MARY WHITE. Q. What was the man doing who had the flag? A. I did not take notice of any thing he did in particular, but he was among them, and near enough to see my shop and what was done.


                  JOHN 
                  CRAWLEY
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I took Jones at Ratcliff-cross, where Cox took Ferguson; Jones was going round a corner - there was a mob of from a hundred to a hundred and fifty persons; they had been stopped by the officer before I got up to them - a pair of shoes, a boot, and an odd shoe, fell from under Jones' arm; the prosecutrix claims the boots as her property- he said he had picked them up.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I live next door to the prosecutrix, in Rosemary-lane. On the 27th of January I was at home when the mob passed; I saw Bond take a pair of shoes off the rail, at the prosecutrix's shop, outside her window - he went away with the rest of the crowd; they ran, and I followed them to Ratcliff-cross - I pointed Bond out to a Policeman; he had the shoes in his possession at the time I pointed him out, but I did not see them afterwards.


                  ROBERT 
                  BUSSELL
               



            . I am a Police-constable. Bond was pointed out to me by Roberts; I found on him a list of a number of names, a pocket-book, and 2 1/d. in copper.


                  JOHN 
                  ASHER
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was in Rosemary-lane; I saw the mob at the prosecutrix's door- I saw Berry take a pair of shoes from her window; he put them under his jacket, and went among the mob - they went on to Ratcliff-cross, and he went with them; I attempted to get among the mob to get him out, but I was beat back twice - I followed them till I got further assistance; I came up and took Berry at Ratcliff-cross, but nothing was found on him.
MARY WHITE. I know this odd boot to be one of those taken from my shop, on the 27th of January, and those shoes are mine which were taken from Ferguson - they had been in my shop that day.
Jones' Defence. I had the shoes in my hand, which I had picked up in the crowd; I made no resistance - I know the prosecutrix's son was not touched by me, nor any of the mob, that I know of; the officer heard the people say that I picked them up - the word had been mentioned in the Asylum that we would all go to the Admiralty to try to get a ship, and as we came back there was a great loud hallooing; I saw the shoes, and picked them up.
Ferguson's Defence. I picked up the shoes in the middle of the highway; I was out carrying the flag at the time they were taken - I had not had it five minutes when I was taken; I had a very bad pair of shoes on, and when I took these up I put them on my feet and my old pair in my breast.
Bond's Defence. On the day before, while I was at the Asylum, a person asked me if I could write; I said Yes - I put down the names of about a dozen who were going to the Admiralty, in the morning, to see if we could get a ship - we went in the morning; they said they could do nothing for us, but told us to go down to Portsmouth or Plymouth; we then came back, and I was taken at Ratcliff-cross.
Berry's Defence. I was in a public-house close by the docks - a man came, and asked me if I would go to the Admiralty; as they came back there were several persons pulling down things in Ratcliff-highway - when I got to the cross a person said, "Were you not in the mob?" I said, Yes - he said, "If you go to Denmark-street, the Magistrate will do something for you;" I went there, and then Asher said, "I think I can swear to you;" I had not followed them to the Admiralty - my name is not down.
JOHN ASHER. I followed him from the highway to Ratcliff-cross - I should have taken him in the highway, but I was driven back by the mob; I am quite clear he is the man I saw take the shoes - I followed him till I got assistance, and took him.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
FERGUSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
BOND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
BERRY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.







               Transported for Seven Years
            .
