





OLD COURT. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 20TH.
First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
650. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     LLOYD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of February
, 3/4 yard of cassimere, value 5s.; 4 gowns, value 8s.; 1 pillow-case, value 6d.; 3 shawls, value 10s.; 4 shifts, value 4s.; 2 night-gowns, value 2s.; 4 aprons, value 2s.; 1 pair of half-boots, value 4s.; 5 caps, value 2s 6d; 5 napkins, value 1s. 6d.; 1 table-cloth, value 1s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.; 1 necklace, value 2s.; 1 snuff-box, value 2s.; 1 pair of ear-rings, value 1s.; 1 tray, value 7s.; 1 watch, value 1l.; 1 seal, value 2d.; 1 watch-key, value 1d.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 4s.; 14 yards of printed cotton, value 7s.; 2 yards of calico, value 8d.; 1 work-box, value 1s., and 1 thimble, 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Timothy 
                     Skinner
                  




               
            .


                  TIMOTHY 
                  SKINNER
               



            . I live at Newbury, Berks


, and travel as a hawker of earthenware
. On the 10th of February I went to bed about half-past eleven o'clock, and fell asleep; my wife was not in bed with me - the watchman called me up about half-past four - I found the door wide open, and my wife was gone; two children were in bed by the side of me - this property was kept up stairs, in the drawers; I found my wife next day at the Belle Sauvage yard, Ludgate-hill - I found the prisoner sitting in the tap-room, with my wife's bonnet close by his side, and my wife was up stairs. When I awoke, I got a light, looked, and missed my silver watch, and all the articles stated in the indictment - the handkerchiefs were neck-handkerchiefs; I cannot say they were all safe when I went to bed - I know my watch was safe, and several other things; the prisoner lived next door to me - I got to town about seven o'clock in the morning; I found all my property in a room which the prisoner took (No. 11) in the house - it was a bed-room; I found some of my wife's clothes there also - I gave the prisoner in charge for this theft; I had not seen the prisoner the day before - I found all the things in one bundle, except the prisoner's shirt, my wife's shift, and a cap, which was tied up together in another bundle.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELSTON
               



            . I keep the Bell. The prisoner came to the house on Saturday, the 10th of February, with Mrs. Skinner; they got there about two o'clock in the afternoon - the prisoner engaged a room; they slept there on the night of the 10th - it was No. 9, not No. 11; they brought two bundles and a basket as their luggage - I saw Skinner next day, about half-past nine o'clock; he sent for an officer, and charged the prisoner with robbing him; the prisoner said he knew nothing about it - there was a bonnet on the table, and the prosecutor said it was his wife's bonnet - the wife refused to go down to the prosecutor; I went up with him and assisted him in taking thirty-nine sovereigns from her, and half a guinea, which she had taken with her.


                  GEORGE 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am porter at the 
               
                  Belle 
                  Sauvage
               



            . I saw the prisoner there on Sunday, the 10th of February, between one and two o'clock; I believe he arrived by a Bristol coach - he was sitting in the tap-room with a female; they had two bundles, and something else there - when I had been there about ten minutes, the prisoner asked if I knew where they could get a bed - I said they might probably be accommodated at the tap, but he took a bed at Elston's, which is the Old Bell - he and Mrs. Skinner both went together.
Prisoner. Q. Did not the woman ask you to get the bed? A. She did.


                  THOMAS 
                  JOHN MORGAN
               



            . I live at Newbury. I know the prisoner and Skinner; I understood the prisoner was single - I drive the Monarch Bristol coach from Newbury; it starts off about half-past two o'clock in the morning, and between four and five miles on this side of Newbury, the prisoner hailed me; he had a woman with him, who was afterwards called Mrs. Skinner - I brought them to the Belle Sauvage yard.
WILLIAM STANTON. I am a Policeman. I was sent for and took charge of the prisoner about a quarter before ten o'clock on the 11th of February; I was desired to take him to the Compter; Skinner gave charge of him - I afterwards took the woman; I searched Lloyd at the Compter, and found on him 17s. and a knife - I returned for the woman, and the watch and bundle were given to me; Skinner claimed the contents - I found a shift, a shirt, and cap, in another bundle in the bed-room.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  TIMOTHY 
                  SKINNER
               



            . I used to leave the watch at home for use; I left it with my wife; she left me without anynotice - she had drank a glass of rum and water with me that evening; the articles are mine, I am certain.
Prisoner's Defence. As I was on the road to town. I met with this woman promiscuously; she said she was going to London - I said I was going there; I never asked her business, nor she mine - I did not know she was a married woman; I said I should take the first coach that came by, which would be in half an hour - when it overtook us she asked me to hail it, and we came to London - she said she was an entire stranger, and asked if I objected to her spending the evening with me; I had none of the property - I did not live next door to Skinner; I was discharged from the marines - I have not worked there these ten years; I knew the woman ten years ago, when she was a girl of the town - I thought she ran away from him on account of his ill treatment.
TIMOTHY SKINNER. I have lived with my wife in that house about twelve months; the prisoner lived next door all that time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
