





584. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     TWINING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of December
, 5 lbs. of nails, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Philip 
                           Dammerham
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had before been convicted of felony
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  KENDRICK
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner about five weeks ago, from information I had received; he was not carrying any thing - I had taken Costello into custody on the 22nd of December, and while I was taking him to the station, the prisoner addressed him - I desired the prisoner to go away, and threatened to handcuff him; he went away - I did not then know he had stolen any goods; I saw him afterwards, and knew him - I brought him in, and the prosecutor identified him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PHILIP DAMMERHAM
               



            . I am a jobbing carpenter
, and live in Monmouth-court, Seven-dials


. I lost my nails on the 22nd of December; my wife came and told me the prisoner wanted to give me an order - I went home and saw him; he asked whether I would make him some boxes, and what price I would make them for - he was then in my shop; he was quite a stranger to me - I told him the price; he hesitated a good bit, and said he could make them cheaper himself - he was alone at that time; he then went away - I thought he had a bulk at his side, and I followed him between thirty and forty yards - I then saw him give a paper to Costello, who was about ten yards from the top of the court where I live; I believe the prisoner took the parcel from his side - the prisoner turned his head, saw me, and made off immediately: Costello put the parcel into his hat, and his hat on his head - he was taken, tried, and convicted - I had seen the nails on the end of my bench; there were six packages.


                  MARY 
                  DAMMERHAM
               



            . I am the wife of the prosecutor. I remember the prisoner coming to the shop - he asked if my husband was at home; I said No, but I would go and fetch him, which I did - the nails had been on the bench, and when he went they were missing; I know these are the nails - I left no one in the shop but my little girl and the prisoner; I was not absent more than two minutes - there were six papers of nails on the bench, and two of them were taken; we lost two thousand nails.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PHILIP DAMMERHAM
               



            . These are my nails; here is my own mark on the paper.


                  GEORGE 
                  TIMOTHY KIRTLAND
               



            . I am the beadle of St. Ann, Westminster. On Thursday, the 19th of May, in the sixth year of the late King, the prisoner was convicted for stealing two umbrellas and one coat, and was ordered to be transported for seven years - I attended the trial, and know he is the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 52. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
