





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
531. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILCOX
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               putting off three counterfeit half-crowns to 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Birt
                        




                     
                  , for the sum of 3s.
            ; against the Statute, &c.
MR. SCARLETT conducted the prosecution.


                  EDWARD 
                  BIRT
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live at No, 1, Old Kent-road. In consequence of an application from Myers, to assist him in detecting persons dealing in counterfeit coin, I went with him, on the 8th of January, to the Green Man, in Little George-street, Westminster - I there met Mr. Gollocker, the officer, and he furnished me with three shillings; (I had been introduced to the prisoner on the 10th of December
, at No, 4, Almonry, and had arranged to meet him on the 8th of January) - when I had got the three shillings from the officer on that day, I went and met the prisoner opposite the Sessions'-house; 
               
                  Charles 
                  Smith
               



             was with him - the officers were at that time in the Green Man parlour, about sixty yards off, and they could see me; the prisoner said he had brought me three half-crowns - he had before asked what I should want, and I said three half-crowns; I gave him the same three shillings I had received of Gollocker - I had no other counterfeit money, or any money whatever, about me at the time; I returned to the officer in a very few minutes - I marked the half-crowns which I got from the prisoner, and gave them to Gollocker.
COURT. Q. When you first met the officer, on the 8th of January, had you any money about you? A. No, not any - I had only the three shillings which the officer gave me when I purchased, and when I returned I had only the three half-crowns; I did not see any other person on that day, till after I had bought the three half-crowns of the prisoner - I did afterwards, but I bought of this prisoner first; I had bought money of the prisoner before that day.
Prisoner. Q. Had you any more bad half-crowns in your pocket? A. No - I bought three of you, and three of Smith, but I did not have the whole six in my possession when I went back.


                  RICHARD 
                  MYERS
               



            . I am a tobacconist, and was a constable for about ten years in Surrey, but I am not in office now; I have known Birt about two years and a half - he is a carpenter and joiner; I applied to him to assist me in detecting persons selling counterfeit coin - he agreed to act under my direction; he is a respectable man, as far as I know - I met him on the 8th of January; Gollocker was with me - I had heard there was to be a meeting with him and the prisoner; I searched Birt before he went to the prisoner, and gave Gollocker three shillings to give him, which he did in my presence - they were not marked, because it was not our intention to take him at that time; soon afterwards I saw the prisoner come with another man, and lean against a post by the burial-ground, opposite the Sessions'-house - Birt went out, and I saw the prisoner give him something in his hand Ikept my eye on him all the time - I then saw Birt return something to him; Birt then returned to us at the Green Man, and produced three half-crowns, which he marked, and gave to Gollocker, who gave them to me - I produce them; I then went out of the house - Birt followed me; he joined the prisoner, and as I went by I heard the prisoner say to him, "They are the same as the last, they are very good ones;" we did not take the prisoner then, as we had others to take, and we should have lost them if we had taken him.
COURT. Q. When you searched Birt, he had no money, good nor bad? A. No, and when he came back he brought these three half-crowns, which he marked, and gave to Gollocker, who gave them to me; we had appointed Saturday, the 15th of January, to apprehend the prisoner, and I went with Hall and Gollocker to a house in the Almonry, at Westminster - the prisoner and another man were standing before the fire, and there was a woman on each side of them; the prisoner and the other man leaned forward over the fire - Hall seized the other man; the prisoner put his left hand over the fire, and put something in; I put in my hand, and took out eight base half-crowns - the prisoner made a little resistance, but I told him it was of no use, for if he did I would take his arm off.
Prisoner. Q. Was any thing found on Birt? A. No, nothing but these three half-crowns - he dealt with Smith after he dealt with you, and then he came to us.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I am an officer. I have the eight half-crowns, which Myers took out of the fire at the Almonry, when we took the prisoner and Charles Smith.


                  JAMES 
                  GOLLOCKER
               



            . I was with Myers on the 8th and 15th of January; what has been stated is true.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am inspector of counterfeit coin for the Mint. These three half-crowns are all counterfeit, and so are these eight; these are all of the same description, and cast from white metal, but from different dies.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
