





972. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               she, on the 5th of March
, 
                     
                        Ellen 
                        Bonsey
                     



                  , a child of 
                     
                        

                                       Robert 
                                       Bonsey
                                    



                                 
                               and Lydia
                        



                     
                  , his wife
, under the age of ten years, to wit, of the age of two years, feloniously by force, did take and carry away, with intent to deprive the said 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Bonsey
                     



                   and Lydia, his wife, of the possession of the said child, by concealing and detaining the said child from them
            ; against the Statute, &c.
2nd COUNT, like the first, only substituting the words"by fraud," instead of force.
3rd COUNT, like the first, only with intent to steal certain articles of apparel about the person of the said child, to wit, 1 pinafore, value 3d.; 1 frock, value 4d.; 1 hat, value 6d.; 1 petticoat, value 2d.; 1 shift, value 2d., and 1 pair of boots, value 4d., the goods of the said Robert Bonsey.
4th COUNT, like the third, only stating it to be by fraud, instead of by force, &c.
ROBERT BONSEY. I am the husband of 
               
                  Lydia 
                  Bonsey
               



             - this little child is my daughter; she was two years old on the 25th of last January - her name is Ellen; we live in George-court, Strand


. On the 5th of March I saw my child playing near the door as near seven o'clock as could be; I just wiped my fingers, ran out, and the child was gone - I ran out, and made inquiries till half-past four o'clock on the Sunday; this was on the Friday- I found her at the refuge for the houseless poor.
LYDIA BONSEY. I was out at the time, and when I came home I heard the child was gone - I made every inquiry, but did not hear of her till Sunday.


                  HENRY 
                  PARDOE
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 7th of March I saw the prisoner in Middle-row, St. Giles', at half-past one o'clock in the morning; she was sitting down with this child, and I said, "What do you do here, my good woman? why don't you go home?" she said, "I have no home;" I said, "I can take you to the refuge;" I took her there, and the superintendent would not take her in, as she had been there seven days, and was discharged for improper conduct; I had asked her if this was her child, and she said it was - I then asked her what she had done with the child while she was there; she said she had put it out at No. 22, Duck-lane, Westminster - I asked how she could pay for it; she said, by a few halfpence at a time - she had the child booked 
               
                  Tommy 
                  Harris
               



            ; in taking her to the watch-house she said she had taken it from a door in the Strand, and I went to the place on the Monday, and found they had got the child.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
