





433. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     THEW
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December
, at St. James's, Clerkenwell


, 1 musical box, value 50s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Heard
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM HEARD. I live at No. 24, Merlin's-place


 - the prisoner lodged in the same house with me - I lost a musical snuff-box, off the side-board in my shop, on the 16th of December - he slept in the shop - he left about a quarter past eleven o'clock that morning; and I missed the box two hours afterwards - I did not know he was going - I met him again two days afterwards, and told him I had missed the box - he denied all knowledge of it, and I had then no evidence against him - I employed a policeman, and found the box - he was taken again.


                  THOMAS 
                  FENTON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Black, pawnbroker, No. 62, Myddleton-street - the prisoner pawned amusical snuff-box with me, on the 16th of December, for 15s. - it was redeemed, on the 19th, by a person who brought the duplicate - I do not know who he was.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you certain the prisoner pawned it? A. Yes - I did not know him before - it was about five o'clock in the evening - I do not recollect whether other persons were in the shop; if there had been, I should have recollected - I cannot say positively there were not - we have an apprentice.
Q. Did not the person pawning it go outside to inquire, apparently, of a person who had sent him, to know if he was to take what you offered him? A. I think he did - I think he said he would ask the owner if he would take so little.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRENDALL
               



            . I have seen the prisoner many times for about a month - I was not acquainted with him - I received a duplicate from him of a musical snuff-box - I sent a person in my employ to redeem it - he brought it to me - I afterwards gave it to the policeman - (produced).
Cross-examined. Q. Had you known the prisoner, to speak to him? A. I had - I gave him nothing for the duplicate - he asked if I wanted to purchase such a thing - I said, "No" - he said, "If you will purchase it, the money will be of great service to me" - I said, "I do not think it will sell well" - he said, "I will leave the duplicate with you - you can redeem it, and look at it, and it can be pawned again if you do not like it; and I did redeem it, but never saw him again till he was at Hatton-garden - I have spoken to him more than five or six times - he was in a situation in the neighbourhood - I am a hair-dresser, and so is Heard - I have known Heard seven years - I never saw him with the snuff-box.


                  CHARLES 
                  STUTTLE FLETCHER
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner, and told him about the snuff-box - I neither threatened nor made him any promise - he said, going to Hatton-garden, that he had left the duplicate at Brendall, the hairdresser's, and he believed he had taken it out of pawn.


                  THOMAS 
                  FENTON
               



            . That is the box that was pawned with me.
Prisoner's Defence. When I pawned the box there was no bottom to it.


                  THOMAS 
                  FENTON
               



            . There was no bottom to it when he pawned it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRENDALL
               



            . I had the bottom put in - it had no bottom when I redeemed it - you might hardly call it a box.
Cross-examined. Q. Suppose this had no bottom to it, would you call it a box; a perfect box? A. Not a perfect box; but it is a perfect snuff-box without the bottom - I paid 6s. for putting the bottom to it - I never expected to see the prisoner again.
JURY. Q. How long did you have it repaired before you gave it up to the policeman? A. It came home on the Saturday night; and on Monday, about two o'clock, I took it to the station-house, and gave it to the superintendent - when it was left with me, I found it would not play, and tried to pawn it to get my money back, and could not, and thought by having it repaired I should be able to get my money back - it has cost me 22s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years more
            .
