





643. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM THOMAS



               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November
, 40 yards of brown Holland, value 2l.; 60 yards of lrish linen, value 6s., and 30 yards of linen cloth, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas Darke 
                  Allin
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Shepperson
                  



               
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  SHEPPERSON
               



            . I am one of the firm of Thomas Darke Allin and Thomas Shepperson - we are warehousemen

. On the 24th of November we received this letter, and in consequence of the contents of it we sent the goods stated in it by Rooke, to the Kent and Essex tavern, Whitechapel


, for 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Jesup
               



             and Son; the letter came by post, and purports to come from them - we had known them before for some years.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROOKE
               



            . I am a porter, in the employ of Messrs. Allin and Shepperson. On the 24th of November I took a parcel to the Kent and Essex tavern - I left it at the bar for Jesup and Son; Mr. Denton was present.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  DENTON
               



            . The prisoner came to me on the subject of receiving goods - he said he expected some for Jesup and Brockway, and desired me to take care of them - he said he was the son of a carrier at Halstead, and he was going to set up a van - that his name was Smith; he said he had taken a house at Bocking-church-street - on the 27th of November I received this letter from Scollard; I had before that received a parcel from Rooke, directed for Jesup and Son - I delivered these goods and the other parcel.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILKINSON
               



            . I remember Scollard coming and having two parcels for Mr. Jesup; I went with him and the porter to the Royal Oak, and saw the prisoner at the door; both the parcels were delivered to him, and he gave Scollard 1s., I believe.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  COE
               



            . I went with this witness and Scollard, and saw the goods delivered to the prisoner, which were received from Mr. Denton.


                  GARRETT 
                  SCOLLARD
               



            . I saw the prisoner in November last, and received this letter from him, to go to the Kent and Essex tavern, and get two parcels, which I was to take to the Royal Oak - I delivered it to Mr. Denton; he sent two persons with me and the parcels, which I delivered to the prisoner - he gave me 1s., and said it was all right.
The letter being read was to the same purport as that produced on the former case.


                  JAMES 
                  JESUP
               



            . I am a member of the firm of Jesup and Son, at Halstead. We never gave this order, nor is this my writing or my father's - we never authorized the prisoner to receive any goods for us.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years, to commence from the expiration of his former sentence
            .
