






632. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     MALHAM
                  





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of December

, 1 pillow, value 2s., and 1 blanket, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Zaccheus 
                  Bannister
               



            .
ZACCHEUS BANNISTER. I live in High-street, Bloomsbury



. The prisoner lodged at my house between three and four months - I missed a pillow and a blanket from her room; I believe these are them, but cannot swear to them - I never allowed her to pawn any thing.


                  DAVID 
                  TRAIL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a pillow and blanket, pawned by the prisoner on the 4th of December.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.
633. 
               
                  MARY 
                  ANN MALHAM
               



             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of December

, 3 books, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Johnson
               



            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SHIELDS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I took the prisoner, and have three books, which I got from the prosecutor.


                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a jeweller
, and live in Dean-street. These books are mine - I lent them to Joseph Bannister three months ago.
JOSEPH BANNISTER. Johnson lent me these books - they were taken from my room; the prisoner lived in the next room to me, at No.29, High-street, Bloomsbury



.


                  MARY 
                  ANN WALKER
               



            . I have known the prisoner eight months - she brought these books to me, and I bought them of her, about ten weeks or two months ago; she wanted 1s. 6d. for them, and I gave her 1s. - she said she had them to sell for a poor woman in distress.
Prisoner. You asked me to lend them to you - I never sold them. Witness. No, you sold them; I gave them up as soon as I heard they were stolen.
Prisoner's Defence. I acknowledge pawning the blanket and pillow, but I never stole the books - the prosecutor's son wanted to swear I stole a pin, but I had not seen it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
