





1423. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edmund Andrew 
                           Salsbury
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  EDMUND 
                  ANDREW SALSBURY
               



            . I live at No. 71, Holborn-bridge. On the night of the 9th of September, I was walking on Holborn-hill


 about half-past eight o'clock, and felt a snatch at my pocket; it was a strong pull, I instantly turned round, and saw the prisoner with my handkerchief in his hand - I endeavoured to get it from him, but he had two companions with him they kept my hand up and passed it from one to the other - I laid hold of the prisoner, took him into a shop and a watchman was sent for - I did not get my handkerchief again - I am sure it was my handkerchief I saw in his hand.
Prisoner's Defence (written). I beg leave to inform you I left off work at a quarter-past eight o'clock, to go home: and as I came through Union-court, Holborn, on my way home, my prosecutor accosted me, and took me into custody, charging me with picking his pocket of his pocket-handkerchief; I was taken into Mr. Wilson's until he fetched a watchman who took me to the watch-house, where I was immediately searched, and nothing found on me; on the following morning I was taken to Guildhall, before the sitting Alderman, where my prosecutor stated his case; there being several people passing and repassing at the same time my prosecutor has acknowledged he did not observe me in particular from any other person following of him. My Lord and Gentlemen of the Jury, I most humbly submit my case to your humane consideration, and throw myself on the mercy of the court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
