



237. 




HARRIET MANN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of October, 1 bolster, value 4s.; 1 pillow, value 2s.; 1 cup, value 1d.; 1 saucer value 1d.; 1 pillow-case, value 6d.; 1 knife, value 3d.; 1 tumbler, value 1s. 3d.; and 1 printed book, value 3d.; the goods of 




George Samuel Cole; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE SAMUEL COLE
. I am a fruiterer, and live in Trafalgar-road, Greenwich. The prisoner came to my house on the 9th of October, and hired a furnished room—she came in on the 11th and 12th, and was

there about four days, and four nights on and off—she went without notice—I then went into the room, and missed all these things—no other person had an opportunity of taking them—I have other lodgers who have been with me six months.

Prisoner. Other people had access to the room. Witness. Yes, they had.





GEORGE ROBINSON
. I am a marine store dealer in the Old Woolwich-road. I produce a cup and saucer, a book and knife—I bought them of the prisoner on the 12th and 14th of October.

Prisoner. I asked you if you knew Mr. Cole, and you said yes—I sold them before I went to Mr. Cole. Witness. You asked me if I knew Mr. Cole, and I told you I did.





CHARLES REEVE
. I am an apprentice to Mr. Stock, a pawnbroker. I have a sheet pawned on the 12th of October, but not by the prisoner—this is the duplicate of it.





ROBERT DUNN
. I am a police-sergeant. I searched the prisoner's room, and found a corresponding duplicate to this shirt;, also a shirt and pillow pawned at Dawson's.





JOHN DAWSON
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a sheet and pillow—this is the duplicate.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. The room was open to any one—I had been out four days previous to the things being missed—the other things I sold before I went there—they were my own.





JAMES WILDS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read.)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
