



714. 




JAMES PIGEON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of February, 1 iron weight, value 2s. the goods of 



George White.






FRANCES WHITE
. I am the wife of George White, and live in Byrne-street. On the evening of the 12th of February, a boy, who I believe to be the prisoner, came into my shop—he took a 14lb weight out of the scale and went out into the street—I ran after him, and fetched him back—he had not got the weight then.

Q. Are you sure the boy who took the weight is the boy you caught and

brought back? A. I think he is—I am not positive—he took the weight off a coal-machine in the shop—we keep a coal-shed—I was in the back parlour when it was taken—I cannot tell what has become of it—I never saw it after he took it out—he was a distance off, and a crowd of boys with him—I did not see the boy who took the weight give it to any body—I could not see, because I was a distance off—I was sworn before the Magistrate, and what I said was read over to me—I said before the Magistrate that I saw him give it to another boy—he slipped it into another boy's hand—I took the same boy who took the weight—a great many came from the penny theatre, and took him away from me—I ran after the boy who I saw give the weight to the other, and brought him back—I had seen him before, and knew where he lived, but did not know his name—I am sure I saw him take the weight—I do not know any of his relations—none of them have been speaking to me.

JURY. Q. How long have you known him previous to his coming into your shop? A. I have seen him go by, and he came for a few coals.





CORNELIUS LOVEGROVE
 (police-constable D 139.) I apprehended the prisoner—Mrs. White told me who he was—she told me his name, and where he was to be found, and said he was the boy who had robbed her—I found him at his father's residence, lying on the floor—I took him up, and said to Mrs. White, "Is this the boy?" and she said, "Yes."

Prisoner's Defence. I never took the weight, nor ever saw it. 


GUILTY.* Aged 13.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(The prisoner has been five times in custody.)
