





98. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     COSTELLO
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of November
, 1 watch, value 3l.,; 1 seal, value 10s.; 1 watch-key, value 6d.; and 1 watch-chain, value 6d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Patrick 
                           Ryan
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  PATRICK 
                  RYAN
               



            . I am a labourer
. I fell in with the prisoner on the night of the 17th of November, in George-street, St. Giles's


; I did not know her before; we went to a public-house, and had some porter; she then took me to a private house, which I did not know; she took me up stairs, and I sat on a chair nearly ten minutes; she stood with her back to the door; she asked me the time; I pulled out my watch to look, and she snatched it; I turned my head and she was gone; I thought she had not left the house; I went out and called an officer; he found her in a room at the end of a passage, partly undressed; I asked her for my watch; she told me in very found language to look for it; I have never found it; I am sure she is the woman.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer. On the night of the 17th of November, the prosecutor came to me; I went to the house, and found the prisoner as he has described; in coming along the passage she said to another girl,"Take it down, it will be all right" it has not been found.
Prisoner. We had been drinking from seven till ten o'clock at night. He asked me to take him home, and I did. There were other persons in the room. I don't live up stairs, but in the room in the yard. I know his mother, she was deputy overseer to a lodging house.


                  PATRICK 
                  RYAN
               



            . I never saw her before.
Prisoner. I lived at No. 48, next to a barber's shop; in the next door to his mother for near eleven months.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
