



1661. 




ANN ROBERTS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of July, 2 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 3 half-crowns, and 11 shillings; the goods and monies of 



Thomas Girling.






THOMAS GIRLING
. I and my wife live in the back parlour at Not. 4, Lawrence-street, St. Giles. We went to bed between ten and eleven at night on the 3rd of July—I was sober—I had 18s. 6d. in money, among which were three half-crowns; one of them was a new one—I counted my money, put it into my fob, and put my trowsers under my pillow—I had a pocket handkerchief in the room, and my neck handkerchief was on the table or on a chair—my wife let the prisoner in, and I awoke when she let her in—she laid down by the side of my wife—when I awoke in the morning, instead of finding my trowsers under my head, they were on the floor, and the money was gone, and my two handkerchiefs—the prisoner was gone also, and the door was wide open—I went. out and found the prisoner coming out of Clarke's gin-shop, with my silk handkerchiefs round her neck, and my other handkerchief in her hand—I took hold of her arm, and said, "Where is my 18s. 6d.?"—she said, "Fellow, do not talk to me"—I took her to my room, and she took her bonnet, and was going away—my wife got an officer—a few halfpence were found on her—on one but her had been in the room; for the door was bolted.

Prisoner. I only came out of trouble on the Thursday, from having fourteen days—I had no lodging, and I went where this woman, who he calls his wife, lives, with him—I had become acquainted with her in prison—I lodged with her that night—I then went and pledged a shawl for half-a-crown,

and got some tea—I left the ticket there, and the next morning it was gone—I met a woman who gave me a sovereign—I went to the Crown and changed it—I spent 4s. on her and her companion—I then tied 18s. 6d. in the corner of a handkerchief—I had some brandy and ale, and this fellow came and tried to get me away, but I would not go—I then went to this girl's lodging, and laid down, not knowing that this man was coming in—she said had quarrelled with him—when I awoke in the morning, I found the 18s. 6d. tied in a corner of his handkerchief, instead of my own—I took it, and went to the liquor shop—when I came back, he said I had robbed him—I said I had not—he and she both said they would give me a good hiding—they struck me, loosened all my teeth, and knocked me on the floor—I screamed, "Police"—I was taken—I sent to the liquor-shop for 11s. 6d. which I had left there—this woman's name is Phœbe Topling.

COURT
to
THOMAS GIRLING. Q. Is this woman your wife? A. Not my married wife—she had lived with me four months—the prisoner was not in bed before I got home that night—I was in bed, and she was let in afterwards—I swear the 18s. 6d. was my money—these are my handkerchiefs—she did not leave any handkerchief in the room—I did not strike her—I had been drinking part of the day, after I left my work—I was sober when I went to bed—I can wear I put the money into my fob, and under my pillow.

Prisoner. He struck me—I came in here with a black eye. Witness. I swear I did not strike her at all—I saw not marks of blows on her—she did not return to the lodging—I caught her at the gin-shop—all she left at my lodging was her bonnet.





PHŒBE GIRLING
. I pass as the wife of the prosecutor—he came home, as near as I can guess, between nine and ten o'clock that night—I was at home at the time—I went to bed about nine o'clock, and he went to bed about half an hour after he came in—he been drinking, but was none the worse for liquor—he took a chair, sat down, and counted him money, put it into his fob, and placed his trowsers under the pillow, under his head—he came to bed, and about twelve o'clock the prisoner was brought in by two women—she appeared very much in liquor, and had her hair all about her shoulders—I told her my husband would be very angery but I unbolted the door, and let her I, and she laid down by my side—I fell asleep, and never awoke till my husband awoke me in the morning, saying he had lost his money, and the door was wide open—he went out, and brought the prisoner in in about five minutes—there was no blow struck—I went and got an officer—my husband gave her in charge—I never was in prison.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long had you been living with this man? A. About four months—upon my oath I never was before a Magistrate till on this business—I do not know captain Ackland—I lived where I now do five months ago.

Q. Did you ever go by any other name? A. No, only Phœbe Topling, and since I have been with him by the name of Girling—I do not know tothill-fields—I never was in any prison—the prisoner came to me on the Thursday, and said she had come that morning out of prison, and asked me to give her a lodging—I said I would speak to my husband about it, but she might come; I would give her a lodging, rather than she should be in the street—I am not in the habit of receiving females, but I took her in out of friendship.






JOHN CAYFORD
 (police-constable E 97.) About twenty minutes past five o'clock in the morning the prisoner was put into mu custody, in Lawrence-lane—she had no blood or marks of violence on her face—I found these two handkerchiefs on her.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see no blood on me? A. No none whatever.





JOHN PIPER
 (police-constable E 111) I was at the station-house, and received the prisoner—she was very tipsy—I put into the cell, and laid her along one of the scats—In about half an hour I heard a noise—I went into the cell again, and she had fallen off, and struck her nose and chin, and made her face bleed.





SAMUEL WOOD
. I am barman to Mr. Williams, who lives in Plumtree-street, St. Giles. The prisoner came in that morning, in great haste for a glass of gin—she threw down 18s. 6d. on the bar, and three half-crowns were among it.

Prisoner. I leave myself to your mercy—I do not much care what becomes of me.




GUILTY
. Aged 21. †—


Transported for Seven Years.
