





678. 




JAMES GEARY,



 WILLIAM GEARY
, and 



JOSEPH WATSON
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
13th of January, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of a man unknown, from his person.






JOHN HALE
. I am a turner, but am at present out of place, and am residing with my parents in Chandos-street—they sell oysters and gingerbeer. On the 13th of January I saw the three prisoners together, in New-street, Covent-garden, between nine and ten o'clock at night—I saw James Geary attempt to pick a gentleman's pocket—William Geary was close behind him—Watson was on the other side of the way—James Geary got the handkerchief from the pocket, and ran down. Bedfordbury—I followed them on to Covent-garden, where I told an officer—he took James Geary, I took William Geary, and another officer took Watson—on the road to the station-house, James Geary attempted to drop the handkerchief—this is it—(looking at one)—I do not know what became of the gentleman—I do not know his name—I had seen the prisoners all together for about five minutes before the handkerchief was taken.

James Geary. This witness was in the oyster-shop as I came past, that was the only time I saw him. Witness, I ran in doors just to get my hat.





RICHARD LESLIE
. I am a police-sergeant. I was on duty about a quarter to ten o'clock on Sunday night, the 13th of January, and Hall gave me information—I took the prisoners, who were all together, and on the way James Geary was trying to drop this handkerchief from the tail of his coat—I took him to the station-house and searched him, as I thought minutely, but on the way to the cell, another officer saw another handkerchief drop from his trowsers.

James Geary's Defence. I was coming through King-street, and met two boys, who were not good characters, I know—they asked me if I would buy the handkerchief—I said, "No"—they then asked me to hold it for them—I went on and met my brother, and as we were going up Chandos-street, I saw the witness in an oyster-shop—I took the handkerchief out and showed it to my brother—I said, "See what a beautiful handkerchief it is," and then the officer took us—Watson is quite a stranger to us.

(Daniel Shifson, a shoemaker, of Marshall-street; Mary Stone, and Matthew Geary, their uncle, gave the prisoners Geary a good character.)

JAMES GEARY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years—To the Isle of Wight.

WILLIAM GEARY—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Six Months.

WATSON—


NOT GUILTY
.
