



1794. 




WILLIAM LAW
 was indicted

 for feloniously killing and slaying James Ginns.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.





DANIEL WINCH
. I am a gardener, and live at Walthamstow. On Wednesday the 20th of June, I was at the Crooked Billet, at Walthamstow, fetching water from there, about six or seven o'clock in the evening—I saw the deceased James Ginns there—I did not know him before—he was sitting down on a bench outside the house, alone, with a pot of porter by his side—I saw the prisoner, who I knew before by sight, standing in front of the deceased, within two or three feet of him—I did not hear the deceased say any thing to him, but the prisoner told him he saw some lice crawling about him—the deceased said, if he was lousy it was unknown to him—he was an old man, between seventy and eighty—that was all I heard pass then—I went away with my water, and came back again a few minutes, and the old man was then standing, and the prisoner was standing before him—I saw the prisoner strike him twice on his face with his fist—they were talking, at least the prisoner was blowing him up, calling him a dirty old fellow, and telling him again about being lousy—I did not hear the old man say any thing, nor see him do any thing, nor offer to strike the prisoner at all—the prisoner hit him most violently on the nose and on the cheek—after that the old man went away for half an hour or an hour, and came back again-as I was in my own yard I saw him walking away from the Crooked Billet, and the prisoner came behind him, caught him by his shoulder, turned him round, and threw him down-whether it was done by his foot or how, I cannot tell, but the old man laid there, and was not able to get up—he was carried to his seat by two or three people, and the prisoner either went into the tap-room or stood against the door—I afterwards saw the old man at the hospital—I am sure it was the same man—the prisoner was rather the worse for liquor, but not drunk—he knew what he was doing.





JAMES PATMORE
. I am a labourer, and live at Chapel-end, Walthamstow. On the 20th of June, I went to the Crooked Billet late at night, and found Ginns sitting on the seat outside the door, between seven and eight o'clock—he appeared very bad, and could not move off the seat-a young man took and carried him into the stable, and a surgeon was sent for, who came and ordered him to be taken to the hospital—I assisted the young man in carrying him to the hospital—we started about twelve o'clock at night—I afterwards saw him dead—it was the same man—I knew his name to be James Ginns—I never saw him before.

COURT. Q. Did you notice what state his thigh was in? A. No, he could not walk—we put him into a spring cart and carried him to the hospital—he complained very much going along, and said he never had such a hurt before, and he knew he should never get over it—he said he knew his hip must be broken as he could not move his leg, and he was sure it would be the death of him.





THOMAS GOODWIN
. I am a police-sergeant. On the night of the 20th of June, I heard of this, and went to the Crooked Billet—I got there about half-past eleven o'clock—the deceased had been removed to the hospital then—I found the prisoner in the hay loft about ten minutes after, and took him into custody. I told him the charge—he said he was sorry he had done so—he appeared to be under the influence of liquor—he said he had been

a very unlucky fellow, he was always in trouble, but he hoped this case would transport him—this was as he was going to the House of Correction after being committed—I asked him before the Magistrate if he had been in custody before, and he said he had—he was brought down from the hay loft by Carbun, who went with me, and given into my charge—I took him to the cage.





HENRY CHILD
. I am a journeyman painter at Walthamstow. On Wednesday, the 20th of June, I was at the Crooked Billet, between six and seven o'clock, and saw the deceased there sitting outside, drinking a pint of beer—I never saw him before—he did not appear the worse for liquor—I went into the tap-room and saw the prisoner there—the tap-room window opens out to where the old man was sitting—I heard the prisoner ask him to give him some beer—I did not hear the old man make any reply-short time after the old man stood up, and the prisoner came out of the tap-room and struck him twice in the face—I had heard nothing more pass between them before he went out—the prisoner took the old man's stick away from him—he walked with a stick, as he was infirm—I did not have any thing said by the old man before the prisoner struck him nor after—he got his stick back again some time after, and was going away—the prisoner followed him after he got about twenty yards away from the house, went behind him, took hold of his collar, tripped him up with his foot, and threw him up—he fell sideways on his thigh or hip, I cannot say which—he appeared to fall very heavy—after he fell, he told the prisoner he ought to be ashamed of himself for striking an old man—he said he was quite sure that either his thigh or hip was broken—the prisoner went back again to the house—he was a little the worse for liquor.

Q. Did anybody interfere to take the part of the old man while these blows were struck? A. Yes; a young man named Fenn, after he struck him first, came and stood before him—he tried all he could to keep the prisoner off, but he made shift to hit him again, in spite of Fenn being between them—I and a young man took the deceased up, and carried him on to the form where he had been drinking his beer—he could not get up himself—he could not move—we carried him on to his seat, and there left him—the old man fell on the gravel, in the road, facing the house-fell hard—he did not, from first to last, make any resistance to the prisoner, nor do any thing to provoke him.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me kick the old man with my foot? A. Yes—I do not know whether you kicked him-you made use of your right leg, when you knocked him down.





JOHN ADAMS
. I am an assistant-surgeon at the London Hospital I saw the deceased, James Ginns, at the hospital, on the morning of the 21st of June, about eight or ten hours after he was brought there—I did not see him at the time he was brought in—he had got a broken thigh bone—that was all the injury I could see—he lived about seven weeks, and died from mortification, in consequence of the broken bone-every thing was done for him in the hospital that possibly could be done—the fracture was, in all probability, the effect of a fall—I examined the body after death more particularly—I observed that the thigh bone was broken very high up, close to the hip, and there was mortification and abscess around it to a considerable extent, and one portion of the bone was driven into the other—the mortification was quite sufficient to occasion death—the setting of the thigh was attended to by two pupils who superintend the accidents in the night-I

saw it in the morning—it had been attended to, and put in a proper position-every thing had been done that could be done—I attribute his death solely on the mortification, which was the result of the broken bone-a younger man would in all probability have escaped, but at his time of life it was lot at all probable—I watched him very closely, almost from day to day till he died—the breaking of the thigh bone so high always implies a great deal of force—the thigh bone had been properly set before I saw it, and every thing had been done that was required-a very vigorous constitution night got well under it—I learnt his name was James Ginns at the time of the inquest—the Magistrate, Mr. Davis, attended the deceased at the hospital before his death—he is not here—I do not know his handwriting—I did not address the deceased by the name of Ginns, nor did I near anybody else do so-but the name of every patient is taken when they come into the hospital, and written over their bed, and his name was over in bed—he had friends come to see him, I believe—I cannot swear what came was over the deceased's bed, but a name is invariably put over a patient's bed.





WILLIAM GARRETT
. I am a constable of Whitechapel. I was bound over to prosecute—I do not know the deceased's name, except by the warrant sent me by the Coroner—there is a porter kept at the door of the hospital to take the name and particulars of every patient that comes in—he was not bound over—the deceased gave me the name of James Ginns.





THOMAS GOODWIN

re-examined. During the man's illness I received two different certificates with the name of James Ginns, one signed by Mr. Andrews, and the other by Mr. Adams—I know Mr. Davis the magistrate's hand-writing—this name to this statement is his hand-writing—I was not present when it was made.

MR. ADAMS
re-examined. I have no doubt I gave that certificate—I will not be certain the name of James Ginns is the book, but I have not a doubt of it.





DANIEL WINCH

re-examined. I did not know the old man before—he was a perfect stranger to me—I heard a man named Cox, a shoemaker, peak to him that evening by the name of James Ginns, and he answered to that name-Cox told me he had known him about twenty years—he sold me his name was James Ginns—the deceased heard that.

Prisoner's Defence. The old man hit me with his fist, and I hit him on his face—he told me he would get me taken into custody—I told him I could not help it—I asked him first of all to go further away from me because he was lousy, but he would not—that was before he hit me-when he hit me I hit him again, and as he was going away I gave him a shove and he fell down.




GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
