





1596. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MANSELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Whitwell
                        




                     
                  , from his person, and that he had before been convicted of felony
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITWELL
               



            . I am a colourman
, and live in Mount-street, Grosvenor-square. On the 30th of September, I was in Ludgate-street


, and felt a tug at my pocket - I turned round and accused the prisoner of putting his hand into my pocket - he tried to get from me, and said he had not taken my handkerchief, but that a boy who was going by had done it - I swear I had seen him putting my handkerchief into his pocket - I detained him, but I had a bundle in my hand - I saw him take my handkerchief from his pocket, and throw it away.


                  JOHN 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I am a livery-stable keeper, and live in Keppel-mews, North. On the 30th of September, I saw the prosecutor and prisoner scuffling together - I stopped and said, "Halloo, what is the matter?" - the prosecutor said, "I have lost a handkerchief, and this man has got it," and all at once the handkerchief brushed by me from the prisoner's hand - he threw it down or dropped it.
Prisoner. The witness himself was accused of it, an then he swore I had taken it. Witness. The prosecutor thought I was concerned - I saw the prisoner throw it away- when I found the prosecutor thought I was concerned, I went to the watch-house, and gave my card - the prosecutor kept the prisoner till he got him to the watch-house.


                  JOHN 
                  CLINCH
               



            . I am an officer of Castle Baynard. I took the prisoner in charge - he had nothing about him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a City-policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office - I had him in custody on the charge, but I was not present on his trial - he is the man I had in custody.




               GUILTY* of Stealing only
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
