



566. 




GEORGE CARTER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of January, 1 knife-case, value 5s., the goods of 



William Goodridge.






WILLIAM GOODRIDGE
. I am a broker, and live in Great Wild-street. I missed this knife-case off the shop table on the 2nd of January—I know nothing of the prisoner.





JEREMIAH DONOGHUE
. I keep a shop in Drury-lane. This knife-case was brought by the prisoner on the 2nd of January, in a wrapper—he offered it for sale, for 1s. 6d.—I asked where he got it from—he said from his father, who was a shoemaker—there was a constable in the house, he said if he was telling stories he would take him up—he said he would go to his father's in Clement's-lane—he went out of the door, and ran away—the constable took him.

Prisoner. I never saw the knife-case, and do not know where the shop is.





JAMES WRIOHT
. I am a constable. I was in Donoghue's house about nine o'clock at night—the prisoner came in with this case, and offered to sell it for 1s. 6d.—I questioned him where he got it—he said it belonged to his father—I asked where he lived—he said he believed it was Clement's-lane—I asked the number—he said he believed it was No. 6—I said, "I will go to your father's, if he wants to sell it I will buy it of him"—he said he would go with roe, but he looked in my face, drew this wrapper from under the case, and ran away—I pursued him down four streets, and then took him to the office, and this wrapper was found on his person.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner. It was not him that stopped me, it was a policeman—I was stopped five minutes before he came, and there was another boy stopped at the same time—the gentleman does not know when he lost it, nor when he saw it last.





WILLIAM GOODRIDOE
. I had not missed it till the officer called, and said he had stopped it.

Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the box, nor know anything about it—I was going to Clare-market to get my supper, and when I heard a cry of "Stop thief,"I turned round, and a boy gave me a shove, and ran up the street—this gentleman ran past me, and a policeman stopped me.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
