



123. 





DANIEL WALTER CRAWLEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the
 22nd of October, 300lbs. of lead, value 2l.10s., and 40 feet of pipe, value 1l. 10s. the goods of 



John Over, being fixed to a building.






JOHN OVAR
. I live in Charles-street, Northampton-square. I havea house in White Lion-street, Norton Falgate—the prisoner is a painter—I put him into the house to sleep and take care it, ever since last August—the

roof and every thing was secure—I was to pay him for his work and when the house was let I promised to give him a sovereign—on the 24th of October I went to the house—he had called on me the day before to say a gentleman had taken the house, who would call on me before nine o'clock on Saturday—I stopped at home, and the gentleman did not come—I went next morning and found the house locked up, the bill taken out of the window, and the prisoner had absconded—I got in and found the house stripped and all in a flood of water—about 4 cwt. of leas was gone.

Prisoner. Q. How long have you know me? A. About six months—I recollect Watts, who lived in my house in the Commercial-road—he went away in arrears, and I left you in possession.





JAMES BEVAN
. I live in the Commercial-road. I keep two carts and move goods and furniture—the prisoner came to me on Wednesday night, the 22nd of October, to hire my cart for the next morning, at eight o'clock—I asked what sort of a cart he wanted—he said it was to take 3 or 4 cwt. of lead—I got to No.15, White Lion-street about nin e o'clock in the morning—the lead was loaded and taken to a lead merchant in Whitechapel-road, at the corner of Union-street—the prisoner helped me to load it, and went with me—he paid me 1s. 6d. for the cart.

Prisoner. Q. Was there any lead piping among it? A. I believe there were three or four pieces—the lead altogether weighed nearly 3 cwt.—you said while it was being weighed, that it had been taken off the house, because the gentleman would not pay for repairing it.





JOHN SAUNDERS
. I live with Mr. Phillips. The prisoner and Bevan brought the lead to his warehouse—the prisoner received the money for it.

MR. OVAR
re-examined. He was apprehended on the 18th of November the house is my property and of course the lead is.

Prisoner's Defence. I have not had time for witness, or I could show the lead is not the prosecutor's.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
