







367. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GROVES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WADMAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of a man unknown, from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TOOLE
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live at No. 22, Goswell-street. On the 9th of December I was coming down Fleet-street


, near St. Dunstan's church - I saw the two prisoners following a gentleman; I did not know them before - I had seen them before, but did not know their names; when they got near Chancery-lane, they had an umbrella up - it sprinkled with rain; the umbrella was over them both; I saw Wadman lift the gentleman's pocket up, take the handkerchief out, and give it to Groves, who put it inside his bosom; the gentleman did not seem aware of it - I turned round, and said to a person, "Go and tell that gentleman he has lost his handkerchief;" both the prisoners crossed into Chancery-lane - I went over and collared them both, and at that time the gentleman came up; I charged them with it, and they denied it - I put my hand into Groves' bosom, and took the handkerchief out; the gentleman said it was his, and wanted me to give it to him and let them go; several persons collected, and said."Give the handkerchief up, and let them go;" several respectable gentlemen came up, and said, "They are well known characters, don't let them go;" I went into the Strand, to look for a Policeman; I got the gentleman to come part of the way, but in Clement's-lane he said he would not go to prosecute them, and went away - the prisoners were taken to the station, and afterwards committed - it was a silk handkerchief.


                  PEDDER 
                  DAY
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker, and live in Crown-court, Goswell-street. I was in company with Toole at eight o'clock in the evening - Toole said, "Look here;" I looked round, and saw Wadman with the tail of a gentleman's coat up; I saw him draw the handkerchief out of the pocket - the gentleman did not seem to notice it; he gave the handkerchief to Groves - I did not see what he did with it; they went up Chancery-lane - Toole sent me after the gentleman, who came back with me; I found the prisoners in Toole's custody, and saw him taking the handkerchief out of Grove's bosom - the gentleman said it was his; the prisoners said nothing to it - I never saw them before; the gentleman went as far as St. Clements' watch-house, and then went away - I did not know his name or residence.
Wadman's Defence. I was going up Fleet-street, and walked under the umbrella to keep from getting wet; Groves picked the handkerchief off the ground, and said,"Look here;" he put it into his bosom, and as we turned up Chancery-lane, the officer took us - we asked what was the matter; he said we knew perfectly well - Groves said he picked it up.
Groves' Defence. I picked it up at the corner of Chancery-lane; I said, "It will do for a pocket handkerchief."


                  SAMUEL 
                  BENWELL
               



            . I live in Size-yard, Whitechapel-road, and am a gilder, but now sell tin goods and toys about. I have known Groves about seven years - he lived in Duke-street, Spitalfields, and has latterly been selling fruit and things about in the street; sometimes he was in service; I have had him in my service to go and fetch goods, and found every thing correct; before I leave the Court, may I be allowed to give information to the Court respecting the information I have received from the witness - my mind has been pained at hearing the evidence; I have attended here three days - I called on Monday to see Groves in prison, and by his desire I went, in the evening, to No. 22, Goswell-street, to endeavour to see the prosecutor: I was directed to inquire for Timothy Tooley - I went into the shop, No. 22, Goswell-street, a shoemaker's, and saw this young man behind the counter, doing something in the shoe business; I said, "Sir, if you please, is your name Timothy Tooley?" he said,"No, Sir" - the master of the shop, in a room behind, called out, "Who wants Tooley?" I said I did - he came out; I told him my errand - he said, "My name is on the shop - that is not my name, I don't know your business;" I walked up to the Angel, to inquire for 
               
                  Timothy 
                  Tooley
               



            , a shoemaker - I returned unsuccessful, and inquired in a shop close to where I had first been; a person said, "Do you want him?" I said Yes; he said,"Is it about some trial?" I said Yes; he said, "I thought so, he is always looking about for those sort of things" - he said, "Look behind that connter, that is him - his name is Thomas Toole; he makes it his business to look after such things;" I looked after him - he came to the door; I said, "Sir, please to tell me your name?" he said,"My name? my name is Taylor, but I dare say I know your business - there will be a person here presently that is one of the party that saw him;" he ran from the door, and came back with a man who said his name was Day; I entered into conversation with the witness Day, respecting the case, and, after hearing what he had to say, I said, "If you please, can you tell me the name of the other witness?" he said No; I said, "Can you oblige me with his address?" he said No, he did not know him at all.
Q. Not know who? A. Not know the other witness in the present case.
Q. Do you mean, you asked him if he knew Thomas Toole? A. I asked if he knew the other person who was witness against these two.
Q. Did you ask if he knew Thomas Toole? A. I believe not; I had been inquiring after Tooley - I saw the witness Toole; I only wanted to find the party concerned in the case - he did not tell me he did not know 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Toole
               



            , nor that he did not see the pocket picked; he told me the circumstances.
Q. Then he gave you the same account he has given now? A. They did; I asked Toole if he saw the pocket picked - he denied all knowledge of it; he said it was a stranger casually passing, and he knew nothing of it.
Q. Do you mean to say Toole told you he did not see the man's pocket picked? A. I swear that, at the risk of my existence it is the truth; my Lord, may I be allowed to say Day told me the person, who saw the act committed at the time he did, was a perfect stranger to him; that it was a person passing casually along, and who he had never seen: and the reason he could not give me his name and address was he had given it at Bow-street while he was absent - this conversation took place last Monday evening, about seven o'clock.
THOMAS TOOLE re-examined. This person came to our shop, No. 22, Goswell-street, last Monday; Mr. Gibson ismy master - I was busy at the time - he looked up and down the door, at last came in, and asked Mr. Gibson if Tooley lived there - he said he did not know a person of that name; he said, "How do you do, Mr. Gibson?" they talked, and he said it was concerning pickpockets; Gibson said he did not know such a name, and I said I did not know such a name - I was busy; he said, "There is higher up;" he came the same name?" I said, "There is higher up;" he came back again - I spoke to him at the door, and said, "It is of no use your looking about, perhaps you want Toole?" he said, "Well, it is something like that;" I said, "Well, perhaps I can inform you something about it;" I told him the circumstance, and said, "A young fellow, named Day, knows all about it; and presently, I dare say, he will be here;" Groves' mother was with the witness - Day came up; I said, "What is it?" he said, "I am a friend of his, and wish to see a little about it;" Day came up, we began to talk together, and he said, "Now, I don't see how the case stands in different points of law, and I know a good deal about law; I don't know how this can be managed" - I stood listening while he said this to Day, he not knowing that I was the other person - he said, "Let me see, I had a case once before at Clerkenwell and the Old Bailey in this manner, and could not you, as a single young man, shift your lodging a little while?" Day said,"I don't know, they will find me out wherever I go;" he said, "I don't know how you can manage it exactly; who is the other person?" Day said he did not know - he said,"Could not you find him?" he said, "I will tell you, if we were to take and keep this witness out of the way, one would not do, you might get over it that way, and say you went to take refreshment for a short time, and swear you were there at the same time;" he said he was at Clerkenwell once, and was not there, and shifted his lodgings and evaded it.
Q. Did you ever tell him you did not know about the matter? A. I told him I did not know it myself, but Day could tell him about it - I said so, because I saw he was busy, and he pointed out the different ways to avoid it- he said he knew the several points, and we could do it; that he knew a good deal about finding true bills and so on.
PEDDER DAY. I was coming by the shop, and saw this man and a woman talking to Toole - Toole came after me and said, "Here is a man and woman come after about those two boys;" this gentleman said, "Your name is Day;" I said Yes - he said, "I am come concerning these boys; I want to see into it abit - I want to know about it;" I said,"Are you the father, or a relation?" he said, "No, I only want to see into it;" I was going from my work to tea, and had to return in half an hour - I said I could not stop; he said, "It is a very curious matter; I have been down to Newgate, I have seen the governor's books, and there is no prosecutor, no gentleman to appear" - I said, "I do not know that there is;" I did not see the gentleman at Bow-street - he wanted to know who was the other witness- I said "I cannot give you information now, I must go to tea;" he kept me talking - he said, "Respecting the bill of indictment, when do you go to get it out?" I said,"I am summoned on Thursday, the 6th of January;" he said, "They have begun at Hicks-hall, I thought you had to go there?" I said, "No, I have to attend on Thursday;" he said, "Can I see the other young man?" I said,"No, I cannot tell you now;" he said, "May be I shall see him on Thursday - what time are you to meet him?" I said, "About three o'clock in the afternoon;" he said."I will be there, and you can show him to me - I will talk to him about it, and if one witness gets out of the way, there will he nothing done in it," for he had done so once at Hicks'-hall; I said, "I can do no such thing, I am bound in 40l. to appear;" he said, "You are a single young man, cannot you shift your lodging for two or three days?" I said, "If it is two or three years, they will come after me for my recognizances;" he said, "I was summoned once to Hicks'-hall, and got out of the way, and when called, I did not answer - I shifted my lodgings, and did not hear any more after it."
THOMAS TOOLE. He asked the witness what time he was to be there on Thursday - he said "There o'clock;" he said, "Now, do you think you shall know me again - you see me now?" Day said, "Yes, I shall know you again;" he said, "Well, you look for me, point the man out to me, and there is no prosecutor, if a witness is out of the way it can be settled, and I think if you say the same before the Grand Jury as you have told me this evening, I don't see what can be done - they will certainly be transported - it is as clear as that lamp, that is neither oil nor sperm - it is gas;" he took a brush out of my hand, and said, "It is like taking that, and giving it to you."


                  SAMUEL 
                  BENWELL
               



             re-examined. Q. On your oath, did you not suggest to both these persons, it would be right for one of them to keep out of the way: be cautious how you answer - the Court may order you to be indicted for perjury? A. To the best of my possible recollection -
Q. I will not take your recollection - on your oath, did you or not suggest to one or both of them, that one or other of them should get out of the way? A. I have no possible recollection of such a thing.
Q. You know one way or other, I ask did you or not? A. If I said I did I should speak against the conviction of my mind, and if I said I did not, I believe I should be speaking the truth.
GROVES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
WADMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Life
            .
The witness Benwell was committed.
