



1822. 




JOHN MARR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of August, 1 gelding pony, price 12l., the property of 



Edward Biggs.



MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL OBORN SUMMERS
. I am a butcher, and live in Skinner-street, Somers'-town. On Wednesday, the 12th of August, I was going to Romford—I met the prisoner about Stratford—he had the pony in question with him—I did not like the appearance of it—I agreed to give him 5l.—I purchased it—he said it was his own property; that he bought it of a dealer at Barnet—I questioned him very closely, and paid him for it—it was afterwards claimed by Mr. Biggs.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you sure lie is the man you bought it of? A. Yes—the pony was found in my possession the same afternoon—I do not think it is worth 5l., but I had bid the money, and did not like to go back—I solemnly swear he is the man—Charles Clerk was in the cart.





CHARLES CLARKE
. I am a butcher, and live is Perry-street, Somer'-town. I was present when Summers bought the pony, and paid 5l. for it.

Cross-examined. Q. Whose employ are you in? A. Mr. Cooper's—the affair lasted about a quqrter of an hour—the prisoner had on a cap—I saw his features—he had a white flannel jecket on—he was taken in the same dress he has on now.





MATTHEW GUERRIER
. I am a butcher, and reside at Stratford, and was at my brother's at Ilford. I saw Summers there—the prisoner sold him the pony, and he paid 5l. for it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear all that passed? A. Yes; Mr. Summers asked him if he had got it honestly—he said, "Certainly"—he said he had another, and a donkey, that he was in that way of dealing, and he bought the horse at Barnet—Summers then asked me for pen, ink, and paper, and wrote down the address, whiech proved false—he was paid 5l.—I never saw the prisoner before—I am a judge of horses—I considered the pony worth ten guineas, but not at that time, he was in a dirty state—I should not have bought him, in such a dirty state, for more than was given for him—after I had smoothed and washed, and given him a feed of oats, he appeared worth ten guineas—I have no doubt the prisoner is the man.





MICHAEL MILLER
. I am servant to Mr. Biggs. I turned his pony into the close at Holloway, on the Tuesday night—I fastened it with the catch inside, and missed him the next morning—I afterwards saw it in Maiden-lane—it was Mr. Biggs's.

Cross-examined. Q. Was this gate locked? A. No; it could be opened by a person.





EDWARD BIGGS
. I am the owner of the pony, and live in Grove-lane—I lost it, and saw it again the Tursday morning afterwards—I valued it at 12l.

Cross-examined. Q. You never sold it? A. No; I could have sold it for 25l. last year.

Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the man or the horse.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Life.
