





2157. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     CLELAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, 1 Bible, value 5s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John Thomas 
                  Noble
               




            .


                  GEORGE 
                  AUSTIN
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Savage, in Crombie's-row, Commercial-road


. On the night of the 5th of October, at a quarter-past seven o'clock, I saw the prisoner at Mr. Noble's book-stall, next door to us - there was another boy with him; I watched them, and saw one of them take a Bible, and put it between them - they first walked, and then ran away; I pursued, and took the prisoner - I did not lose sight of him till I gave him in charge- he said he knew nothing about it.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS NOBLE
               



            . I keep a bookseller's-shop
 in Crombie's-row. In consequence of what I heard I ran from my door; I saw Mr. Austin in pursuit of the prisoner- I saw him taken; the Bible was brought in by a person who picked it up, but he was not bound over.


                  THOMAS 
                  BATES
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I took the prisoner to the station-house; this Bible was produced there - I asked how he came to take it; he said it was not him, it was another boy, and he ran for fear he should be accused of it - the other boy was bigger than him.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  AUSTIN
               



            . The two boys were close together, and close to the stall; they both moved off together.
Prisoner's Defence. I was not near the place - I was on the other side of the way; there were two boys running- I ran to see, and they took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 12. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
