





485. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  CLOUGH
               




             was indicted for feloniously 


               breaking and entering the warehouse of the 
                     
United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies




                  , on the 29th of November
, and stealing therein a quantity of silk and crape shawls, handkerchiefs, scarfs, &c., value 608l.
            , their property.
MESSRS. BRODRICK and BODKIN conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FRENCH
               



            . I am an elder in the East India Company's employ, at their warehouse in Cutler-street, St. Botolph, Aldgate


 - the warehouses are divided into compartments, distinguished by letters, and floors by numbers; the prisoner has been eight years in the Company's employ in the tea department, under me; the silk goods are kept in quite another part - on the 28th of November he was employed in the room, No. 53. on the third floor, to mend chests - the room, No. 83, is separated from that by a yard, but connected by a wooden bridge; he had no business whatever in that room: he asked my permission to leave at eleven o'clock that morning for half an hour to breakfast - I gave him leave, and at three, when the men were called over, before leaving work, he was missing.
WILLIAM REA. I am a commodore in the Company's employ. On the 28th of November I had charge of the room No. 83, on the third floor; the prisoner had no business there - I fastened that warehouse up at three o'clock; it was secured by iron doors - it contained chests of tea, piled up for delivery; a person could easily conceal themselves among the chests - on the Monday morning, about nine o'clock, I went to that warehouse, unlocked the door, and found some person had been there, and removed eight chests to make a platform under a loop-hole, which had been fastened up; a person could get on them, and reach the ceiling - there were marks of a crow-bar or instrument having been used to break through the ceiling, but it had not succeeded; there is a window in that room, leading to a staircase - I found the centre iron bar of that window was forced from the frame, and two squares of glass broken, so that they could get on the staircase; and that leads to a trap-door, communicating with a space between the ceiling and roof; there are steps on which a person could get up to the trap-door, and the hinges were forced off it - they could then get on the roof by unbolting another door; I informed French, the elder.
JEREMIAH THOMPSON. I am a commodore in the Company's employ, and had charge of the rooms Nos. 68 and 69, in the Bengal department. On the 26th of November these rooms contained silks of various descriptions, crape, shawls, and very valuable property from China and Madras - I fastened both these rooms at three o'clock in the afternoon with iron doors; I returned on Monday at nine, and on entering No. 68 I found it in the utmost confusion, a number of presses were opened, silk goods taken from them, and scattered about the floor; no force had been used to the door of the room - a quantity of goods were gone from the tables and presses; I discovered two apertures in the ceiling, communicating with the roof - one would admit a man through it from the roof; I went into No. 69, found that in a similar state, and two holes in that ceiling, and a quantity of silk goods taken away; I found a bunch of small keys and a saw on the floor of that room - the boxes, containing the silk, had been opened; I am certain the ceilings of both rooms were entire on the Saturday.
JAMES POPE. I am an elder, in the Company's service. I came to the warehouses, in Cutler-street, a little before nine o'clock: in consequence of an alarm, I went to the roof of the Bengal department, over Nos. 68 and 69, and found two large holes in the roofs of both rooms - a person could get on that roof, through the trap-door of No. 83.


                  CHARLES 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am one of the Company's labourers. On Monday morning, the 30th of November, a quarter before eight o'clock, I went into the yard, at the back of the warehouse. 
               H. 
            - when I unlocked the door, I heard the back door of the yard slam too; I went into the passage, where a quantity of men's working clothes lay on the floor, as if they had been made a bed of - I went into the back yard, and found a quantity of crape shawls lying outside the door; I saw a rope hanging from the chimney. on the parapet wall - it reached down close to a cistern in the yard; I immediately went up, and locked the door - Bennett was with me; we went into the yard again - Bennett said, "This is a pretty job, whoever hasdone it;" the prisoner then came out of the privy, and said it was of no use, for he had done it - he had neither shirt nor stockings on; the yard is so surrounded by warehouses, nobody could get out of it, unless he went up the the rope again, on the roof; we took him to Mander's station, with the goods in the yard - he had a dry coat on; he asked me to let him have his shirt and stockings, which were up on the landing-place of the first floor, and were wet - I saw a wet coat hanging on the bannisters; his trousers were in the privy, and were wet - he seemed tired- his hands were very much blistered; when we got to the station, he told us there was a quantity of bundles, in a small yard, round in Petticoat-lane (it is Harrow-alley) and that there were goods at the top of the buildings, some in the cistern, and some in the privy - I found goods in all those places; there were ten bundles in Harrow-alley, with long pieces of string tied to them, to let them down - they were goods which had been in the warehouse.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am in the Company's employ. Butler called me: I went on the roof, and in different places I found a quantity of loose handkerchiefs, with a rope and crow-bar - the rope came down near the cistern; a man descending by it would come into the cistern - I went into Petticoat-lane, and found goods.
JAMES TONKIN. I am a labourer in the Company's employ; the prisoner was given into my custody - he told me voluntarily that he was at work on Bell's floor, and brought the crow-bar and saw away from there, concealed them in Rae's floor, and after the warehouses were locked up he began to work, got to the roof of the warehouses, and worked himself into the silk-room, made a bed of silk, laid on it till Sunday morning, then began to pack up the goods, and he hoped he had not gone so far as to touch his neck, for if he had he was out of his calculation.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . The whole of the goods are worth between 600l. or 700l. without the duty.
Prisoner's Defence. The witness says I said I had not gone far enough to touch my neck, that is false.
JAMES TONKIN. I am certain he used that expression.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
