



285. 




JAMES REYNOLDS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of January, 480 razors, value 24l. 6s.; 24 razor cards, value 12s.; 24 razor cases, value 16s.; 24 razor strops, value 1l. 3s.; 252 pairs of scissors, value 2l. 7s.; 21 scissor cards, value 10s.; 60 penknives, value 1l. 10s. 4d.; 5 penknife cards, value 2s. 6d.; and 1 packing-case, value 5s.; the goods of 



Charles Perrott and another.


MR. JONES
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES PERROTT
. Our carman, Francis Frooms, was sent to Mr. Johnson, in London Wall, to fetch two cases of goods, on the 30th of January—I did not know what they were to contain—he returned, sad I found he had only got one—I went to Mr. Johnson to make inquiry, and then gave information to the police.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you any partner? A. Yes, I have one.





JOSEPH JOHNSON
. I am a cutler, and live in London Wall. On the 30th of January I delivered to Frooms a box containing cutlery worth about 34l.—in consequence of some information I went the next morning with the officer to No. 24, Peerless-row, City-road—the officer searched, and the whole of the property was found under the floor, except one penknife.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see any body in the house? A. Yet, two women.





FRANCIS FROOMS
. I am carman to Messrs. Perrott and Welch, of Tenter-street, Moorfields. On the 30th of January I received two boxes from Mr. Johnson—I put them into the cart, and went straight home, and then missed one box—at the corner of Short-street, Finsbury, a light cart came right across and prevented my going on a few seconds—I then went to home.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe this is the first time you have told about the cart? A. I stated it before the Magistrate.





JOHN M'WILLIAMS
 (police-constable H 18.) I went to the house No. 24, Peerless-row, with Mr. Johnson—I examined the floor of the passage, and under it I found the property—at the side of the passage there was a sort of cupboard which led under the stairs—I found there a quantity of potatoes—1 had to remove them.





GEORGE GRAVES
. I went after, M'Williams, with a search warrant—I found the property under the floor.





CAROLINE RILEY
. I am the wife of John Riley. In January last I lived at No. 24, Peerless-row—I occupied the front room first floor—the prisoner and his wife let it to me—they occupied the two parlours and the

back room next to me—they dealt in coals and potatoes—he kept some potatoes in his shop, some in the yard, and some in the coal cupboard under the stairs—I remember the officers coming to search there—when I came down they were searching the potatoes—on the 30th of January I came down from my room, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, and saw the prisoner and his wife coming up stain with a deal box about this size (about half a yard)—they went with it to their bed-room, which is next to ours—after that 1 saw the street door wide open—the prisoner got into the cart, which was at the door, and said to his wife, "Good bye, I shall be back by eight o'clock"—I did not see him again till he was in custody.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen the prisoner before you saw him and his wife carrying the box up stairs? A. No—there is a knocker at his door—the door was open—I saw a man standing in the cart at the door.

MR. JONES. Q. Did the prisoner and that man go away together? A. Yes.





JOHN M'WILLIAMS

re-examined. I went into the prisoner's room on the ground floor and found wood burning, similar to what packing-cases are made of—I found some in the yard—it is here to-day.





JOHN RILEY
. I am the husband of Caroline Riley. I looked out of the window that day and saw the prisoner getting into a cart, and go, away—I had lived in the house not quite a week—I am sure the prisoner is the man.

MRS. LYERS. I am landlady of the house No. 24, Peerless-row. I collect the rent of that house with some others for myself and five brothers and sisters—I know the prisoner—I let the house to him on the 23rd of December—I did not go there between the 23rd of December and the 30th of January—I do not think I saw the prisoner after the robbery was said to have been committed.





HENRY CHARLES BARKER
 (police-constable H 26.) In consequence of information, I have been m search of the prisoner from January last—I made diligent inquiry and could not find him—I found him last Saturday in the Three Compasses, in Anchor-street, City-road.





JOSEPH JOHNSON

re-examined. I believe these to be the pieces of the case in which I packed my cutlery—the carman left my house about five o'clock that day, just at dusk in the evening.

MR. PHILLIPS to FRANCIS FROOMS. Q. Did you see the cart? A. Yes, it crossed the horse's head, and I caught hold of my horse's head—there were two driving it, hut I could not see the persons of either.




GUILTY
*—Aged 25. 


Transported for Seven Years.
