





886. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of April
, 1 copper, value 30s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Carver
                        




                     
                  , then fixed to a building; 1 rug, value 2s.; 4 aprons, value 1s.; 1 shawl, value 1s.; 1 waistcoat, value 1s.; 1 shirt, value 1s.; 2 towels, value 6d., and 2 handkerchiefs, value 6d., the goods of the said 
                     
                        John 
                        Carver
                     



, against the Statute, &c.


                  JOHN 
                  CARVER
               



            . I live at No. 5, Years'-court, Carey-street


 - I let part of the house. On the 9th of April, at six o'clock in the morning, I heard an unusual noise - I got up and found my street door open; I went to the back of my house, looked down the kitchen stairs, but seeing no doors open there, I returned, shut the street door, and went to bed - I got up at seven o'clock, went down stairs, and missed the linen from off the lines, a carpet, and a copper from the place where it had been fixed the night before; I missed four aprons, a shawl, a waistcoat, and the other articles stated - I cannot say how the parties got in; the door had been secure at one o'clock in the morning - this is the property.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On the 9th of April, about twenty minutes before six o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Great Queen-street, about three hundred yards from the prosecutor's, and saw the prisoner with something on his arm; I said to my partner,"Come here - here is something wrong;" the prisoner was then in Little Queen-street - I went and said, "What have you got here?" - he put this copper on my head and ran off; I sprung my rattle, and my partner took him - I found this linen in the copper.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I suppose putting the copper on your head did not mend your sight very much? A. He tried to put it on my head to stop me; I think I had seen him for about three minutes - I think I had seen him once before; a man was taken up who was discharged - I do not think he was the prisoner's brother.
COURT. Q. Was the prisoner the man carrying the copper? A. Yes, he was.


                  JOHN 
                  URQUHART
               



            . I was with Thompson, and saw the prisoner carrying the copper.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the copper thrown over his head? A. Yes - I took the prisoner, but I hadlost him when he went into a house; I am quite sure he is the man - I took up two persons; it was because one jumped out of bed, and I took him - I said, "You are not the man I want, I want the other person;" he said, "There is no other person here," but I pulled off the rug and saw the prisoner with his stockings on, quite out of breath - this was in about three minutes after I lost sight of him; we took them both - the prisoner wanted to change coats with the man he called his brother; I said, "No, that is not your coat here is the white pocket hanging down."(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in bed with my brother from eleven o'clock the night before; I was alarmed that morning by some one knocking at the door - my brother opened it; the officer came in, and said, "I think you are the person;" he then turned to the bed, saw me, and accused me because I was perspiring a little, as I am in the habit of doing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
