



876. 




JOSEPH STOWER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
4th of February, 2 scarfs, value 1l. 12s., the goods of 



William Kingston and another, his masters.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Protecution






JOSEPH HARVEY
. I am in partnership with Mr. William Kingston, we are linen-drapers, and live in Westminster Bridge-road. The prisoner was our porter—be came on the 1st of December, and, as I understood, he was in very bad circumstances—we received information which lad us to suspect him, and on the evening of Monday, the 4th of February, I placed myself at a skylight from which I could have a view of that part of the shop where he and the other porter slept together—I went about eleven o'clock at night, and when I had been there some the minutes, I saw the other porter leave his bed-side, and go down stairs—I then saw the prisoner go to a distant part of the warehouse to the shawl department—he returned with something under his arm—I saw the black fringe on his white shirt, and it appeared to me to be shawls which he had—he stooped down, folded up the shawls, and seemed to have great difficulty in getting them in somewhere, I fancy it was into a pocket—I went to the station-house, and requested the assistance of an officer, and at seven o'clock the next morning the officer came to our shop, and took him into custodyMayor, our clerk, went down, and fetched up the prisoner's coat—I asked the prisoner if it was his—he said "Yes," and if he had had it that morning—he said "Yes"—the policeman took these two shawls out of the pocket of that coat.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. IS it possible you could have made any mistake about the person who did this? A. No; they are scarfs, or long shawls.





SAMUEL MAYOR
. I am clerk to the prosecutor. On the morning of the 5th of February, when the prisoner was taken, I saw the officer find these scarfs in his coat-pocket.





ROBERT BRODIE
 (police-constable P 132.) I went to the prosecutor's, and the prisoner was given into my custody—I took him up stain—a coat was produced, which be said was his, and these shawls were found in

it—I took him to the station-bouse, and there he began to cry, and laid he wished he had got into bed, and not taken the shawls, which were the first he had ever taken.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.

ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1839.
