



2071. 




WILLIAM CORDEROY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of August, 182lbs. weight of lead, value 30s. the goods of 



John Leschallas, his master.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM BARTLETT
. On the 19th of August I was in the employ of Mr. John Leschallas—he was repairing the parish church of St. Vedast, Foster-lane—the prisoner was employed by him—there had been some new lead carried there to repair the roof—I did not see it brought—I saw it there on Saturday the 19th—twelve o'clock was the hour the workmen go to dinner—the plumbers staid till one—that was their hour for dinner—before one o'clock, I observed the prisoner going towards the Old Change with a large piece of lead on his shoulder—I knew he ought to have been at work, and I suspected him—I followed him—he went to Lambeth hill, nearly opposite the bottom of Old Change—when he got there, he threw the lead off his shoulder on a cellar-flap, where there are two doors which open—he put one end down, and it lodged upon something underneath—I think there were steps, because he went down—I then spoke to him, and asked him what he did there, and said I would have the lead brought back directly—he said it should, or part of it—I said I would have the whole of it taken back to the church—it was down before I spoke to him—he was going down the cellar, and I asked him what he did there—he said it was all right, would I go down into the cellar—I said no, I would not, I would have that lead taken back—then after a bit he got up, and said he could not carry it—I said, "You brought it down here, you shall carry it back again"—the man who was in the cellar came up, and helped it up on his shoulder, and when I got it back to the church I marked it—I gave the prisoner the preference either to go to the shop, or I would—I was going to the shop to acquaint the master—he said he hoped to God I would not say anything more about it, as it would involve others, or get others into trouble.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What was the prisoner employed as? A. As a plumber—it was new milled lead—there was 182lbs. weight of it—I could not be deceived in seeing it on the man's shoulder—I do not know that I could carry it—I cannot say that it was the lead that was at the church—the prisoner was not taken into custody till the same night.

COURT. Q. Do you know the number of the house? I A. I do not know that I could tell it, but I could point it out.





JOHN LESCHALLAS
. About the beginning of August I had a job to do at the parish church of St. Vedast—I had a great quantity of new milled lead there—on the 19th of August I saw a sheet, of which the piece here is a part, laid out, and the prisoner was cutting it out—in consequence of what Bartlett told me I had the prisoner taken into custody, but could not succeed till night, as the City policeman left him, and I sent for another—

the value of the lead was 30s. and upwards—the prisoner was a plumber, and was sent there to have a care over other plumbers—I had told him I suspected the others, and placed him there to work and look over them.

Cross-examined. Q. Then you had a good opinion of him? A. Yes, he had worked for me about eleven months, and I found nothing against him—I am quite sure this is part of the lead that was in the church.





ROBERT BACKHOUSE
 (police-constable H 92.) I took the prisoner at half-past eight o'clock on Saturday evening, the 19th of August.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he say any thing to you? A. He said, "Thank God, there is nobody in it but myself"—in going to the station house, he asked me what he had better say—I stated that at the office—I am not aware whether it is in the depositions—he said his master came down in the fore part of the day, and asked him if he had any silver in his pocket—he said he had two half-crowns and a halfpenny, and he had lent his master the two half-crowns and had no money to get his dinner, and that was the cause of his taking the lead—I have always made the same statement—this is my writing—the signature is my writing—(looking at his deposition)—it was read over to me—I did not observe any thing wrong—I told the clerk he bad not put in about his master borrowing money of him, and he said that it was immaterial.





JOHN LESCHALLAS

re-examined. Q. Did you have occasion to buy a little dog of a person that morning? A. Yes, and borrowed 5s. of the prisoner, as I had no change myself.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.
