




1154. 




ROBERT DUTTON
 and 




JOSEPH DIMACK
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
5th of April, 300lbs. of printed paper, value 5l. 15s., the goods of 




Francis Rivington and others, their masters.






FRANCIS RIVINGTON
. I live in St. Paul's Church-yard, and am a bookseller, in partnership with John and George Rivington. The prisoners worked in our employ up to the time of their committal—this paper is our property—I am able to swear to it—I had not authorised either of them to sell it to any body—it has not been sold by my permission—it is worth between 5l. and 6l.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is Mr. George Rivington here? A. No, he never gave directions to one of the prisoners to burn any paper—Dutton was warehouseman—I never knew of paper being given out to the warehouseman to be burnt—I have been nine years in the firm—on part of this there is a private mark—we are in the habit of selling paper, but not this kind—we intend to sell it—we have had it some years—we have had book in our were 100 years—I should think we have had this 10 years—it is the remnant of an edition—we have sold some of the books, but not his class of paper—there are particular defects in these sheets, which were returned by the binder, as we gave directions for them to be very particular and return them if there are any flaws in the sheets,

and we keep them for a considerable time—we have our reasons for doing it—we prefer selling the good books first—we did intend ultimately to sell the defective sheets as waste paper—I have never heard of waste paper being given to be burnt.





JAMES BROOKS
. I am in the employ of James William Touch, of St. John-street—he is a carman—Dimack came to our house for a horse and cart, about two o'clock—I cannot remember the day—I took the cart with him—he went to Bleeding-heart-yard, Holborn—I loaded it with some paper—some was like this, and some of it smaller—it came out of a court—I did not see it come out of any house—Dimack put it into the cart—I went with it to a butter and cheese shop in a street just by the Haymarket—I do not know the name of the street—I should not know the persons I saw there, only Dimack and Dutton—they both unloaded the paper, and took it into the shop—I was not paid at all.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Dutton was not present when the cart was loaded? A. He was when it was unloaded.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you know that Dimack was a porter at Rivington's? A. No; I had seen him before—I understood he was a person employed in Paternoster-row—this was in the middle of the day.

COURT. Q. You had known Dimack then before? A. Yes; he had had the cart before to take books from St. John's Square to Paternosterrow—from a printer's.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Then you had been employed in Messrs. Rivington's trade? A. Yes; and Dimack knew that.





GARRATT MURPHY
. I live in Long's-court, Leicester-square, and am a dealer in paper—I went to Mr. Ling's house—I was passing by, and asked if he had any paper to sell—he said he had a quantity—I went in and looked at it—I brought it, and gave him 32s., a cwt. for it.





JOSHUA PAYNE
. I live at Mr. Ling's—I sold this paper to Murphy—I bought it of the two prisoners—it came in the cart, as the carman has stated—I gave 28s. the cwt. for it—I considered that a fair price—I paid Dimack for it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you buy any other paper about that time? A. Yes; of a person that lives close by—it was not mixed with this paper—we bought this paper to use or sell again—I agreed to sell it on the evening of the day it came—it did not go away until the next day.





THOMAS HERDSFIELD
. I am an officer. I went to Dimack's lodgings, in Union-court, near Bleeding-heart-yard, and to Dutton's in Fitchett's-court—I saw a female, who answered to the name of Dimack—Mr. Rivington took me there—I found nothing there.





FRANCIS RIVINGTON

re-examined. We always keep the addresses of our people—Dutton was our warehouseman.





GEORGE RIVINGTON
. I had never given directions at any time to either of the prisoners to sell this paper, nor to burn it.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you never given directions to either of them to burn any paper? A. Never in my life.

MR. BODKIN
to
FRANCIS RIVINGTON. Q. When can you undertake to say, you had seen this paper in your warehouse? A. I had seen that with other paper, a few days before—our warehouse is full of paper—I believe I had seen this particular portion of paper—I will not swear I had seen it a month before—we had about twice this quantity of this particular

description—I can safely say it had not been away six months before this inquiry—we had not missed any—it has not been taken away twelve months—I have seen it within six months—about twenty persons are employed on our premises.

Dutton's Defence. I went with Dimack to sell it; the greater part of it belonged to him—he paid me for the portion that Mr. George Rivington ordered me to burn.

Dimack's Defence. Part of that paper Mr. George Rivington gave to me, and the rest I purchased of him, except what Dutton had.





GEORGE RIVINGTON
. I sold him some brown paper, but not printed paper—I never gave him any paper.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Was not this intended to be sold as waste paper? A. No; it was not intended to be sold at that time.

Dimack. Q. Did you never give me any paper for white-washing the stairs? A. Never.

Dimack. I bought of Mr. George Rivington, 15cwt. of brown paper, and in that was part of this paper; and he gave me three bags of paper beside.





GEORGE RIVINGTON
. I will swear there was no white paper in the brown, it was searched before it went into the cellar—it was refuse old brown paper.

JURY. Q. Then some of this paper may have been in the brown paper? A. No; none of this; I sold the brown paper last Autumn, and have seen this paper in the warehouse since then.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When can you swear you saw this identical paper in your warehouse? A. Within two months; at our warehouse in Lovel's-court, where the prisoners have access.
(John Raven, of Gray's-inn-lane; William Darton, bookseller, of Holborn-hill;—Sullivan; Henry Wilson, stationer, Smithfield-bars; deposed to Dimack's good character; and Mr. Lane, of Stanhope-street, to that of Dutton.)

DUTTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 26. DIMACK—


GUILTY
. Aged 39.

Recommended to mercy by the Jury. 



Transported for Seven Years.
