





1093 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STIGWOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of April
, two hats, value 6s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Herepath
                  




               
            .


                  ARTHUR 
                  GERRISH
               



            . I am in the employ of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Herepath
               



            , a hatter
. On Saturday night, the 16th of April, between nine and ten o'clock, there were six hats standing about an inch or two inside the door; I saw the prisoner come and take the two top ones - he was just off the pavement when I caught him by the collar, and asked him to give them to me - he would not, but made use of foul language, and struck me in the face; we had a struggle for about a quarter of an hour - he got about a yard from me, and dropped the hats behind him, but I never lost sight of him; a lad picked them up.
Cross-examined by MR. DOWLING. Q. Was the price marked on the hats? A. Yes - he could see the price without coming in; I was outside the window - the prisoner was looking into the window.


                  ROBERT 
                  LESTER
               



            . I work at Mr. Pawley's, on Holborn-hill. I was passing the prosecutor's shop, and saw Gerrish holding the prisoner by the collar, and on looking into the road, I saw two hats at the prisoner's heels, and took them up - he made great resistance.
Cross-examined. Q. Did Gerrish charge him with stealing the hats? A. At the watch-house he did; I was not close to him before; a mob came up, when I took the hats up, and the prisoner made great resistance - I did not say that he was drunk.


                  CHARLES 
                  SIMONS
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Andrew's, Holborn. I saw a mob about nine or ten o'clock at the corner of Field-lane, which is nearly opposite the prosecutor's shop; a gentleman said, "Watchman, go into that mob;" I made my way, and saw the prisoner striking Gerrish, who charged him with stealing two hats, and the prisoner wanted to give charge of Gerrish for assaulting him - I laid hold him, but when I came to look at the prisoner, I knew him, and secured him.
Cross-examined. Q. He charged him with an assault? A. Yes - but Gerrish said, "I will not let him go, he has robbed my master;" he was quite sober.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am constable of the night. I was at the watch-house - the prisoner was brought in charged with stealing two hats; he made no charge against Gerrish there - he said nothing.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
