




146. 




ELIZA BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of November, 1 pencil-case, value 6d.; 1 sovereign; 1 half-crown; 4 shillings; and 1 farthing; the goods and monies of 



James Smith, from his person.






JAMES SMITH
. I sell goods in town on commission. On Friday night, 21st of November, between twelve and one, I met the prisoner in Aldgate—I had been out with some friends, and drank rather too freely—the prisoner took me to Rupert-street—I had between 2l. and 3l. in my waistcoat pocket when I went into the house, also a pencil-case, and some silver—I had one half-crown, several shillings, and a farthing—I was in a room with her about a quarter of an hour—I did not give her any sovereign—she asked for some gin, and I gave the servant 3s.; 2s. for the room; 6d. for the gin; and 6d. for herself—the prisoner went away almost immediately—I do not think any person but her could have taken my money—I missed it—she was taken in a few minutes—I did not see her again till the next day at the office—I have no doubt she is the person.





ELIZABETH BROWN
. I was living there as servant. This gentleman and the prisoner came, to the house—I had seen the prisoner there before—the prisoner took a light, and showed the gentleman up into a room, and said she would settle with the landlady presently—she came down in about five minutes, and said she would not stop with him—the landlady said she should not go out of her house without him—she then said the would go up stairs again—I went up soon after, and asked the gentleman what he intended to do—he said, "To stop all night;" and asked what the room was—I said, "2s."—the prisoner then asked him for some gin—he gave me a shilling, 6d. for gin and 6d. for myself—the prisoner was then by his side, and when I came back from fetching the gin, she was standing by his side—she came down stairs soon afterwards, and said she would go—I said she should not go without the gentleman—she stood a minute, and then slipped out and ran away—my mistress sent the servant of the next house after her, and the prosecutor called out that he had lost his money—she was brought back.





THOMAS KING
. I am a policeman. I was on duty about two o'clock that morning, looking at the fire at Rotherhithe—one of my brother officers saw the prisoner—he went and took her, but let her go, and said he could make nothing of her—I ran after her, and took her—I found on her 1 sovereign, 1 half-crown, 4 shillings, and 7 3/4.;d. this pencil-case she threw on the shelf in the house, and said it was of no use to her.





ELIZABETH BROWN
. I saw this pencil-case in the prisoner's hand in the room where she was with the prosecutor—I said it was not hers—she put it on the shelf, and said it was no use to her.

Prisoner's Defence. I met this gentleman in Aldgate—he asked me if I would take any thing to drink—we went to the Coach and Horses—he had a glass of port wine—I had a glass of rum—he threw down a half-crown, and received 2s. change—he then went with me to Rupert-street, and gave the servant 3s.—he was quite in liquors—he threw himself on the bed, and never arose till I left the room—he gave me 7s. 6d.—the other money I had given to me by a gentleman in the City—when I was taken the gentleman said I had not robbed him—this pencil-case was on the floor—I picked it up, and put it on the mantel-piece—I have used that house these five years, and never was before a Magistrate but once, and then I had a month.





JAMES SMITH
. This pencil-case was not in the pocket with the

money—this farthing, I can swear to—it was in the pocket where the sovereign was.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
