






1529. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Hannah 
                           Herbert
                        



                     
                  , on the 30th of June, and stealing 1 telescope, value 25s., and two pairs of shoes, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Gibson
                        



.


                  ESTHER 
                  GIBSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gibson
               



            , and am servant to 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Herbert
               



            , of Portland-road, Regent's-park


; my mistress gave my husband leave to be in the house - I have been in her service twenty years. On the 29th of June my husband went out; he returned about a quarter past eleven o'clock - mistress had gone to bed then, and was offered at his being out late; he went down into the kitchen, and fell asleep in a chair; I went to bed in the garret, leaving him in the kitchen, not wishing to disturb my mistress - feeling uneasy about him, I got up a little before one o'clock, and on looking through the garret window, without opening it, I saw a man on the leads which cover the kitchen; I saw him go down the area steps - I went to listen over the bannister, but heard nothing; I went down stairs, and found all the doors fast, as I had left them; I looked through the key-hole of the outer kitchen door; I saw a light in the kitchen - this was not the kitchen I had left my husband in; the light moved in different directions, and at last came directly opposite the key-hole - I heard different voices whispering; I immediately ran to mistress' bed-room - I did not awaken my husband, as he was deaf; I sprung the rattle out of mistress' window, and immediately the light through the sky-light disappeared - I saw one man run up the area steps, and get over the wall to No. 7, and then to No. 8, on the left; I did not look to my right; the Policeman came and took one man, getting over the wall of the adjoining premises, and the other in the garden - I think there were more than two men in the house; I went down, and let the policeman in; I missed a telescope, a pair of shoes of mine, and a pair of my husband's, from the outer kitchen; three strange shoes were found in the kitchen - I had fastened the outer gate, which leads to the road, with an iron bar.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How could they get into the kitchen? A. One of the doors was not fastened at night, but I will swear it was shut; they could get at it from the outer area - I found that door open; I cannot swear my husband had not awoke and opened the door; he is not here.


                  JOHN 
                  LEEWORTHY
               



            . I am a Policeman. About a quarter past one o'clock I heard the rattle spring, and saw the witness at the window; in consequence of what she said, I went to Nos. 7 and 8, but I found nobody there - I then went to the next premises, which are No. 1, Devonshire-street; I there found Wright concealed between a tree and the wall, standing upright, without any shoes on: he said nothing; I took him to the station, returned to the premises, and found a crow-bar on the kitchen dresser: and in the garden of No. 6, I found a shoe; on the spot where I apprehended him I found a knife; Old picked up four skeleton-keys and three centre-bits on that spot - Mrs. Gibson gave me another shoe and a cloak; Wright claimed the shoes next morning.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see Gibson's husband? A. Yes, he was awake when I went in.


                  JOHN 
                  OLD
               



            . I am a Policeman. I heard a rattle spring, and saw Stevens come over the wall of No. 1, Devonshire-street, with this pair of shoes in his hand; he put them on the ground and put them on his feet: I caught him in my arms as he came on the ground, and asked what he did over there - he denied having been over, but I saw him come over; I took him to the station, returned, and found a cloak and centre-bit on the premises No. 6 - and these keys where Wright was taken.


                  JACOB 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am a Policeman. I went to the house next morning and found a pair of shoes on the dresser, which Stevens claimed at the station.


                  ESTHER 
                  GIBSON
               



            . These pair of shoes, which Stevens had on, are my husbands.
WRIGHT - GUILTY. Aged 23.
STEVENS - GUILTY. Aged 30.




               Of stealing only
            . - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
