





480. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COOPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, at St. Paul, Shadwell, 2 waistcoats, value 18s.; 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 coat, value 2l.; 1 pair of trousers, value 1l., and 1 hat, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Driscoll
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
ELIZABETH DRISCOLL. I am the wife of 
               
                  Dennis 
                  Driscoll
               



             - he lives in New Gravel-lane, in the parish of St. Paul, Shadwell


. The prisoner came to lodge at our house, and quitted without notice in October last - when he was gone, I missed from my bed-room a watch, worth about 3l., an olive-coloured brown coat, which cost 50s., and had only been worn twice, a pair of blue trousers, worth 1l., two waistcoats, worth 13s., and some shirts, but they belonged to another person - on the 6th of October I went to No. 8, Playhouse-yard, with two Policemen - I waited in the passage, and the prisoner came into the passage; I was going to catch at him, but he made a start from me - I ran after him, and cried Stop thief! but no one stopped him; he made up towards Golden-lane - he had my husband's coat and trousers on; these things had all been kept in one place, and I missed them all at one time; I saw the prisoner again twelve or thirteen weeks after the robbery, in Aldgate; he ran from me, but I pursued, and he was taken.


                  JOHN 
                  WHITELOCK
               



            . I live at the Flying Horse, Milton-street, Fore-street, and am a journeyman baker. I haveknown the prisoner six or seven years - he called on me about four months ago; I gave him something to drink. and while we were drinking, he asked me if the hat he had on would fit me, and he put it on my head - it was too large for him; I asked how he came to buy such a hat as that - he said an old lady, who was lodging where he was going to work at on the Saturday week, had given him these things; he had white trousers on, and a dark coat - I think it was black: he called on me again in about a fortnight, and seemed rather destitute.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PATRICK
               



             (City Police-constable 66.) I took the prisoner into custody from the prosecutrix - he said at the station that he had no occasion to be afraid, for they could do him no injury, as I could find no property on him.


                  HARRIET 
                  JONES
               



            . I am the wife of William Jones - we lived at No. 8, Playhouse-yard. The prisoner lodged there as the husband of a young woman in that house - I remember the two Policemen coming there in search of the prisoner; they came up stairs, and Mrs. Driscoll was in the passage - I heard a cry of Stop thief! and on going to the window, I saw Mrs. Driscoll running after the prisoner; I saw him again on the Saturday afternoon in Chiswell-street - I accused him of taking money, which I thought he had taken: he said he had taken no money, but the clothes and a watch - I asked him how he got them out; he said he put them under his own clothes, and buttoned his own clothes over them - he said he ran into a privy in Ball-yard, Drury-lane, and sat there till nine o'clock in the evening.


                  DENNIS 
                  DRISCOLL
               



            . I had seen all these articles safe about two hours after the prisoner went to had, on the same evening as he went away; I went up to clenn myself, but I declined doing it, as it was wet, and when I went up afterwards he was gone; I found his cap, his waistcoat, and a key of my bed-room in the room he had slept in - I had not seen my watch since the day before; it was in the same box my clothes were in, and wrapped in flannel.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
