





453. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, 16 lbs. of copper, value 13s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Snook
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Greig
                  



               
            .
WILLIAS JONES. I am a ship-joiner in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Snook
               



             - this copper is his property; the Montreal


 was in his dry dock - it belongs to Mr. Greig; the prisoner was quite a stranger - we lost copper fromtime to time; I was set to watch in the joiner's shop on the 11th of January - the men went to dinner at one o'clock, and about twenty minutes after I saw the prisoner come into the dock - he had no right there; he could not see me, as I was concealed - he pulled off a pea-jacket which he had on, then crossed the boom of the vessel, and went down into the dock; he came out again and crossed the boom - I jumped out, and took him about twenty yards before he got off the premises; I saw these two sheets of copper taken from him - I had seen him lurking about before he crossed the vessel, as if to see if he was observed.


                  RICHARD 
                  MILNER
               



            . I took the prisoner in the dock-yard, and found this copper under a round frock which he had on.


                  THOMAS 
                  MOODY
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner and this copper, which weighs 16 lbs.; I asked how he got it - he said a strange man gave it him; he said his name was Jones at the office, but I had seen him there before, and he gave his name as 
               
                  Michael 
                  Collins
               



             - he was discharged on that occasion.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
