






560. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     POTTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of January

, two tubs, value 6d., and 136 lbs. of butter, value 6l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Titterton
                        



                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SKINNER, alias 
GARSON





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  HOARE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Dean, a cheesemonger, of Fore-street. On Saturday morning, the 8th of January, about eight o'clock, I saw five men, with two firkins of butter, in Milton-street - the prisoner Potts was one of them; I thought it was not all right, and gave information to the officer, at the watch-house, which is within one hundred yards of where I saw them - I went with him to point them out, and when I returned I saw the five men in Milton-street, without the butter; I am quite certain Potts is one of those I saw on both occasions - they were still in the street, but the butter was gone; I left the officer, and saw nothing more - I saw Potts at Guildhall, on the Monday following, and am quite sure of his person; he was a stranger to me.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you on the look-out that morning? A. No; I was merely coming along with two pails of water, for my master - I took great notice of the five men, and am certain Potts was one of them; I left it to the officer to take them - I might know the other four, if I saw them; I cannot say I could swear to them - I am positive of Potts; I never said the wrong person was taken, nor any thing like it, or that any body was a d-d fool - I might have said they might have taken the man who was carrying the firkin, and who I could swear to; Potts was not carrying it - they were all going on together; I was on the other side of the way - I knew the officer by seeing him in the ward; I went away of my own accord - he did not send me.


                  JAMES 
                  NOYES
               



            . I am constable of Cripplegate-without. I was at my own house; I did not receive information from Hoare - Howard called me down, as the clock was striking eight - I went down and saw Potts in custody, in Honeysuckle-court, Milton-street; Howard said, in his presence, that he was charged with being with four other men, who were carrying two firkins of butter - he said nothing to it; I went, from Howard's information, into Milton-street, and saw four men standing at a distance from the court, by a public-house - I went towards them, and they all four ran off as hard as they could; I ran, and it being a very foggy morning, they turned down different alleys, and I lost them - I immediately came back, and from information, I went to Skinner's lodging, No. 3, Honeysuckle-court; it is a house let out in lodgings - I went up to Skinner's room, on the second floor, knocked at the door, and after some time got admission -I found him there, and told him I wanted some butter, which I understood he had got there; I immediately walked into the room - he said some men had been there who he knew, and had asked him to take care of some butter for them; he did not mention their names - I found the butter, without any tubs, concealed under a great coat, which Skinner himself took off; it was against the wall, within a yard or two of the window - I searched the room, and all I could find of the tubs was two heads, and a few hoops; I could tell they had formed part of a butter tub- the heads were quite wet, as if recently taken off the butter; I took Skinner into custody - the butter was sent to Howard's house, and in the course of the morning, by the ink marks on the heads, I traced the butter to have come from Mr. Titterton's, and gave information there; the butter was in the shape of tubs; as if it had come out of two separate tubs.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. They could have been carried by two men? A. Yes - I could walk from the prosecutor's house, which is in Newgate-street, to Honeysuckle-court, in five minutes; nothing was said about the wrong man being taken in my hearing, nor that Potts was not the person who was intended to be taken -Howard accompanied me to Skinner's; he had called me down to assist in securing some of the others - my house is near Skinner's; Howard had got Potts when he called me - the others knew me unfortunately.
JURY. Q. Skinner is only a lodger? A. No, the house is let out in furnished tenements - the landlord does not live in it.
Cross-examined by MR. STURGEON. Q. Skinner directly took off the coat, and said there was the butter? A. Yes.


                  ROBERT 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I am a constable. On Saturday, the 8th of February, just at eight o'clock, I received information from Heare, and went into Milton-street - I got to the end of Honeysuckle-court, which is in the City, and saw five men; Potts was one of them - having the five men pointed out to me, I passed in right between them; Potts was counting some silver, and said, "D-n it, he has made a mistake, I will go back again." and when I found he meant to go back, I went through Honeysuckle-court, about half-way - he followed after me; I saw him go to a door, and he made a jump up two steps - I retreated back, and called for Noyes' assistance; Potts went into the door of the house where Skinner was afterwards found- I let him go in, and when he came out he made a jump out at the door, and as he came out I collared him (he had had time to go up stairs); the other four men made their escape up Milton-street - I sent Potts to the watchhouse, by another person, (I searched him at the Compter, and found 1l. 5s. on him, which he at first refused to give up); directly after I gave him in charge I went up stairs with Noyes, and found these two firkins of butter at Skinner's - they were not in tubs then; I saw the two heads, and some of the hoops - when we mentioned the butter Skinner uncovered it, and said it was left by four men, whom he knew; they had asked him to let them leave it a few minutes, and they would call again - I borrowed two tubs of Dean's man, and took it to my own place; Skinner said he knew the men, and he was to tell us their names, but he did not - the butter was afterwards claimed by Mr. Titterton, of Newgate-street; the heads of the casks were shown to Salmon.
Cross-examined by MR. CALRKSON. Q. You have no knowledge of who took the butter to Skinner's? A. No- Hoare went away, saying he could not stop, after pointing them out; I found 25s. on Potts - I left 3s. with him; the rest was given up to him before the Alderman, as he asked for it for his wife and family - I did not pay attention to Hoare's evidence here; I never heard any thing said about the wrong man being taken, or about a d-d fool - I did not hear him; I might have taken the whole of them - I said I should have liked to take the whole five, if I could.


                  CHARLES 
                  JAMES SALMON
               



            . I am warehouseman to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Titterton
               



            , of Newgate-street



, a dealer in butter and cheese
 - I had seen these firkins of butter between seven and eight o'clock on Saturday morning, the 8th of February, about a yard within the door-way; the shop was then open for business - five firkins stood there; I did not miss them till I received information from the constable between twelve and one o'clock the same day - I immediately observed that two firkins were gone; these were servants in the shop between seven and eight o'clock - the officer brought the butter back on the following Saturday; when our cart went that way we sent for it - he had brought the two heads of the firkins the same day as they were stolen - I knew them to be master's by the marks and numbers; they were two of five regular numbers, from 59 to 63 - I missed 59 and 61, and these numbers were on the heads, marked with chalk by one of our men; I had not a doubt of their being the heads of our two firkins, and the butter was the same bulk as if it had been contained in firkins - the two would be worth from 6l. to 7l.; they would sell for more - Mr. Titterton lives in the house; it is in the parish of Christ church, Newgate-street; I have seen the hoops in the officer's hands this evening, not before.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. How do you know the parish the house is in? A. Because I asked one of the officers this evening - my master brought the butter of a broker; they would cost at that time about 6l.; I swear they cost more than 5l.; I saw the butter safe when the servants were in the shop, and also when they were not; that was between seven and eight o'clock also - there is generally one man in the shop, but I know he was below; I cannot say whether the butter was taken at one time or twice.
COURT. Q. What was the weight of the butter found? A. 136 lbs.
Pott's Defence. I had not been out of my house above half an hour; I was going to buy spirtis of wine; when the officer took me they were all four standing at the door talking, and I was walking through the court; that man said in the watch-house, "An old fool, he has taken the wrong man;" I did not know what it was for till I was committed - I have a wife and children.
Skinner's Defence. On Saturday morning, about eight o'clock, two men brought into my room two firkins of butter, and asked me to let them remain there - they took the tubs away, and left the heads; I was dressing when Noyes came and asked if there were not two tubs of butter there; I said Yes, and asked if he had the men in custody - I gave him the names and description, and said he was likely to find them in Golden-lane; he said he would go after them, and on Monday he said he had been, but supposed they had heard of it, and were out of the way.


                  JAMES 
                  NOVES
               



            . He said that the four persons were to he found at a public-house in Golden-lane; he did not give me their names, but said they were in the habit of using that house - here are the heads and hoops.


                  CHARLES 
                  JAMES SALMON
               



            . I have no hesitation in speaking to the heads; they have 59 and 61 chalked on them, and an A in a diamond, which is the sellers' mark- I have not a doubt of them.
POTTS - 


               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SKINNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
