






812. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DIXON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LEWIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the property of a person unknown, from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FARMER
               



            . I am a patrol of Farringdon. I was on duty on Saturday night, the 26th of April - I saw the prisoners together - Dixon took a handkerchief out of a gentleman's pocket, and gave it to Lewis - I had known both the prisoners by sight before - I watched them some time - there was another person with them - when I saw the handkerchief taken, I called to my partner, and we took the prisoners - I spoke to the gentleman; but he did not give his name.
Dixon. He came to me and said I had picked a gentleman's pocket - I stood till the gentleman came up and said he had lost nothing.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am an officer of Farringdon Ward. Farmer called me - I went up and saw the two prisoners - I caught hold of Lewis, and he dropped this handkerchief out of his hand - the gentleman came up and said he had lost his handkerchief, and this was it - we told him to follow us to the watch-house - he followed us to the end of Cheapside, and there we lost him.
Lewis's Defence. About half-past nine o'clock, I was coming from my sister in Chancery-lane - I met Dixon - he asked where I was going - I said, "Home," and we went on to Newgate-street, where the watchman took us - I know nothing of the handkerchief.
(
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Beazeley
               



            , of Brick-lane, Old-street; Henry Jones, and 
               
                  John 
                  Dixon
               



            , gave 
               Dixon
             a good character.)
DIXON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
LEWIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
