




2398. 




THOMAS JONES
 and 




GEORGE WILLIAM STEWART
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of August, at 
St. Mary, Newington, 1 coat, value 2l. 10s.; 1 seal, value 10s.; 1 watch-guard, value 6d.;1 tippet, value 1l. 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 spoon, value 2s.; 3 half-crowns, 25 shillings, 4 sixpences, and 1 groat; the goods and monies of 



Joseph Gain, in his dwelling-house.






JOSEPH GAIN
. I am a butcher, and live in High-street, in the parish of St. Mary, Newington. I left home on Sunday morning, the 11th of August, about twenty minutes to twelve o'clock—the bed-room door and the street door were locked safe—I was sent for about ten o'clock at night—I had left no one in the house—I found the police in the house—the things were disturbed—my coat, watch, and other things were removed from where I had left them, but not taken away—the watch I had left on the glass-stand, and the coat in the drawer in the room that was locked—the waistcoat and tippet were in the same drawer—the copper was on the cupboard in the lower room—there was some silver left in the bowl, and it was all gone—I know there were some half-crowns—I do not know how many.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is Joseph your only name? A. Yes—me and my wife are the sole occupants of this house—I did not lose any thing out of the house, but these things had been removed from where they were.





SARAH MARGARET EAST
. I am servant to Mr. Honor, of High-street, Newington—my master's house is opposite Mr. Grain's. About six o'clock on Sunday evening, the 11th of August, I saw the prisoner Stewart put a key to the prosecutor's door—he could not get it open—he went as far as the church, returned, put the key in again, and could not open it—I went down to my tea, and returned about eight o'clock, and saw the two prisoners again—I had'seen them together before, walking arm-in-arm—Stewart tried three times, and could not get in—my fellow-servant spoke to me—she went down, and told the policeman—I went up again, and saw some hand at the top room window lift the blind, and in a short time I saw a hand lift the blind of the second pair—my fellow-servant said, "There is the policeman at the back," and in a short time the policeman was in the front—I am sure the prisoners are the same men—I did not see either of their faces in the house.

Cross-examined. Q. The person who was trying the door had his back

to you? A. Yes—I saw him side-faced—I saw their faces repeatedly as they walked up and down—I looked at them.





WILLIAM HENNINGSHUE
.(police-constable L 175.) In consequence of information I attended at the prosecutor's house—I left my brother officer at the back door—I watched at the front about twenty minutes, when the two prisoners unbolted the door, and let themselves out both together—they said all was right—I said, no it was not right—I said, "Clarke, you take that one, and I will take this"—I called Fisher from the churchyard—I went, and found the bed turned upside down, and a great-coat down in the shop—Fisher found 1l. 14s. 101/4d. in a recess on the stairs, and the were all about.





WILLIAM HENRY FISHER
.(police-constable L 73.) I was at the back, and saw a glimmering light going up stairs—it attracted my attention—I had not been there above two minutes when Stewart came to the window, and lifted it up—I stood right opposite—he saw me—I stood about five minutes—the prisoners both came and looked again—they both saw me—I then heard a voice call me to the front—I went, and took one of them—I went into the house, and found these picklock keys, and a crow-bar, and a dark lan thorn in different places—the bed was turned up, and every thing in a disturbed state all over the place—the drawer was open, and the things all about.

JONES*—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

STEWART*—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.




Transported for Ten Years.

ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, SEPTEMBER, 16, 1839.
