






2035. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     AITKEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of August

, 36 knives, value 2l. 18s. 6d.; 3 pencil-cases, value 24s.; 1 opera-glass and case, value 27s., and 1 ivory tablet, value 4s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Essex
                        



                     
                  , his master, in his dwelling-house
            ; and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAYTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  ESSEX
               



            . I am a dealer in cutlery
, and live in Well-street, Gray's Inn-lane, in the parish of St. Pancras



 - the prisoner Aitkin was my errand-boy
. On Saturday, the 11th of August, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, I told him to put up the shutters of the warehouse and fasten all the doors; I had a Policeman up stairs, and when the prisoner got on the step of my door I gave him in charge; he was brought back and searched - there were found on him nine two bladed horn handled knives, two with buck-born handles, and one with an ivory handle; they were mine, and worth 18s. 7 1/2d.; no threat or promise was made to him - when he was searched, he said, "Oh, Sir! I hope you will have mercy on me;" I said, "Policeman, do your duty;" he cried a great deal and begged for mercy - the Policeman said,"You young rascal, is this the way you rob your master, what were you going to do with the property?" he said he was going to take it to 
               
                  John 
                  Neale
               



             and Lipman, who were to be in the first box in the Union gardens, on the right-hand side out of the Bagnigge-wells-road.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. The property must have been taken at different times? A. Certainly; I have every reason to believe he had been robbing me for eighteen months; he told me what he had done with my property - I had information from a Policeman named Baylis, letter D 63.
Q. Have you not reason to believe the prisoner has been led away by other persons? A. No, I think he is naturally depraved.
COURT. Q. Has he given you information by which you have found your property? A. A small portion of it.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a tablet and pencil-case, which were pawned by Dayton - he told me he pawned them for his father.


                  LUIS 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a pencilcase - I do not know who pawned it - it was a boy.


                  RICHARD 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I have a silver pencil-case, pawned by a boy - I cannot say who.


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARD
               



             NEALE. I am shopman to a pawnbroker. I have an opera-glass pawned for 7s. 6d. in the name of Lewis - I have no recollection who it was.
MR. ESSEX. The prisoner sent me a letter giving information, by which I recovered about 4l. 10s. 2d. worth of property - my loss is upwards of 80l.


                  ROBERT 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I had known th prisoner about three weeks previous to this.
Cross-examined. Q. You gave the officer information, I believe? A. Yes, I have not had a great deal of property from him; I was never tried - I am errand-boy to Mr. Wilton, of Pearle-street, Bagnigge-wells; I became acquainted with the prisoner through 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Neale
               



            , who was taken up - I was in custody about four years ago, at Hatton-garden, for pulling down some haycocks at Highbury; that is the only time I was ever in custody.
COURT. Q. Did you receive any thing from the prisoner? A. Yes, a dozen knives, which I gave up to Baylis, and gave information.


                  ROBERT 
                  BAYLIS
               



            . I am a Policeman. I received a dozen knives from Bailey, who gave me information - I took Aitken into custody, and found this property on him.
AITKEN - 


               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
DAYTON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
