





819. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of February
, 2 coats, value 2l.; 1 pair of trousers, value 9s., and 1 shirt, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Paton
                  




               
            .
CHARLES PATON. I am a bookbinder
, and live in Noel-street


. I lost these articles from a room in that house - the prisoner is a stronger; he had slept there the night before, the 5th of February - I got up first that morning, and left my box locked: I was sent for about half-past nine o'clock, found the box broken open, and my property gone - I have not found any of it - I cannot tell how many persons lodged in the house.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. About how many? A. Three single men, the master, mistress, and one servant; I tried my box that morning and it was locked; when I came back it was broken and a candle cut to pieces to fill up the cracks.


                  JAMES 
                  CRISK
               



            . The prisoner took a lodging that night in the same bed with Paton; I went up stairs in the morning to see who was gone out, and found the door locked; the prisoner answered from within that the witness was out; I had suspicion that it was wrong for him to be there at that time, as he stated he was a mechanic - I came down and watched in my parlour; when he came down I did not see any bundle, but he looked rather bulky - the moment he had shut the door I ran up stairs and found the door locked; I ran out, and gave notice at Bow-street, and brought Paton from his employ; he missed the articles -I was present when the door was opened; the box was cut, and the lid and staple left in the lock - it was after nine o'clock when the prisoner went out; the property has not been found - the prisoner gave me an address a long way off, and said would I let him sleep there.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not meet him in the passage? A. Yes; I attributed his appearance to his slovenly mode of dressing - I think it is possible he might have the articles stated without my seeing them; his belt I apprehend was a very useful thing to brace himself with- it would brace the great coat; I have a wife, two children, a servant, and three single-men lodgers - there is only one door; the lodgers have separate apartments, and leave to go in and out; I was within half a yard of the prisoner when he went out.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HARWOOD
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner; he said at the office he did it from distress, and burst into tears.
Cross-examined. Q. What was said to him? A. Mr. Crisk said he was perfectly aware he had done it, but he held out no promise or threat, and the prisoner voluntarily said he had taken them, and he hoped Mr. Crisk would forgive him.
Prisoner. It was not stated that I confessed till the fourth examination. Witness. The confession took place the first day - he was remanded three times for want of evidence; I was not called on to tell it; Mr. Crisp told it first - I was unacquainted with it; I never had any such case before - the Magistrate asked me on the fourth examination.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
