





992. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ARSCOTT
               




             was indicted, for that he, on the 30th of January
, at St. Mary-le-bow


, had in his possession a bill of exchange, the tenor of which is as follows: -
"Bury, Jan. 27, 1834.
"Messrs. Goslings and Sharp, Pay to Mr. Aikman, Tailor, Putney, or order, the Sum of £184 9s., and place the same to my account. BRISTOL.
"Messrs. Gosling and Sharp, Fleet Street, London."
On which said bill of exchange was written a forged endorsement thereof, which is as follows: - "R. Aickman."




               Feloniously did offer, utter, dispose of, and put off, with the said forged endorsement of the said bill of exchange, with intent to defraud 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Gosling
                     



                   and others, he well knowing the same to be forged
            , against the Statute.
2nd COUNT like the first, only with intent to defraud 
               
                  Robert 
                  Aikman
               



            .
3rd and 4th COUNTS like the first and second, only omitting to set out the instrument.
MESSRS. BODKIN and LEE conducted the Prosecution.


                  GEORGE 
                  STRANGE
               



            . I am cashier to Richard Gosling, 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Sharp
               



            , and others, who are bankers
, in Fleet-street. The 
               
                  Marquis 
                  of Bristol
               



             kept an account with us - I knew the prisoner as being one his lordship's establishment -(looking at a bill) on the 30th of January the prisoner presented this bill for payment - at that time this endorsement,"R. Aickman," was on the back of it, and nothing more - after some little hesitation about the endorsement, I paid the bill - this receipt above the endorsement, and the prisoner's name below it, was written by the prisoner after he presented it - the prisoner said he received it for Mr. Aikman.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. He said he received it for Aikman? A. Yes. I saw him write, "Received for," and his name - I am positive the name of Aickman was there before he wrote that - the regular way of receipting a bill of exchange would have been, to have written, "Received," and his own name, if he received it for himself - a banker's clerk always signs as received for the firm - if he had received it for himself, I should not have paid the money, as I knew he was not Mr. Aikman.
Q. If he had presented the bill, and written on it "Received, J. Aikman," that would have done? A. Yes, If he had said it was paid him by Aikman, as I knew him, I should have made some inquiry - if a stranger had presented it, that would have been another thing - there was some difficulty in making out the name - there is a blot on the name - I am not certain the blot was on the name when it was presented - it might have been blotted at the time he wrote, or not - I cannot say.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Would the bill be payable at all without the endorsement, "R. Aikman," on it? A. Certainly not.
ROBERT AIKMAN. I am a tailor
, and carry on business at Roehampton. I was employed by Lord Bristol - in January last I had a demand on his Lordship for 184l. 9s. - I delivered a bill to that amount to the prisoner, about the 18th of January - this is the bill (looking at it) - I have been paid the amount of the bill since this investigation - I received no payment from the prisoner for it at any time - this receipt is not my handwriting, nor did I authorize any body to write it - I never received any bill from the prisoner for payment of my bill, or authorized him or any body to endorse any bill - the endorsement on this bill is not my handwriting, nor was it done with my authority - it is not spelt right - my name has no c in it - after delivering my bill, in January, I called at Lord Bristol's to see the prisoner, on Saturday morning, the 29th of January - I spoke to him about my bill, and he said my cheque would be up the beginning of the week from his Lordship - I went there on the 5th February again, and saw him - I asked him if I might write down to his Lordship at Ickworth, on the subject of his bill - I saw him at Lord Bristol's house, at Putney-heath - he told me to call next day at twelve o'clock, and I should receive my money - I went next day - I could not find him - I made every inquiry for him afterwards, but without success.
Cross-examined. Q. You never gave him authority to put your name on that bill? A. No; I did not - I never saw that bill - I might authorize him to put my name on some papers, but not such a thing as this - never on any bill of exchange, or order for the payment of money - he once drew a bill on me for 10l., for his own accommodation- this is the bill (looking at it) - I never accepted any other accommodation bill for him, nor he for me.
Q. You say you may have given him leave to put your name on something or other, what do you mean? A. That bill - that is all - I suffer that to be drawn on me - he did not put my name on it - the acceptance is my own handwriting - I put that name myself - I cannot tell you what I authorized him to write my name on - I did not give him a general leave to use my name - not any thing except this.
Q. You told me you gave him leave on some occasions to use your name, did you not? A. No; I did not - I have not given him permission in any way - this 10l. bill was outstanding at the time the Marquis's bill came to him.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you ever in your life authorize him to write your name on any bill of exchange, or draft, or order for payment of money? A. No; I permitted him to draw that 10l. bill on me.
COURT. Q. Do you know of the prisoner having written your name on any other paper with your permission? A. No.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARVEY
               



            . In January last I was in Lord Bristol's employ - (looking at an account) this is in the prisoner's handwriting - in February last, by the direction of Lord Bristol, I went to Roehampton - I did not find the prisoner there - I made inquiry - I afterwards inquired in town at his Lordship's residence, but did not find him - I went into a public-house, in Crown-court, St. James's, on the 8th of February, and called for a glass of ale; and while they were drawing the ale I heard somebody come in - I took the ale off the counter, turned round, and saw the prisoner come in - the moment he saw me he turned round and went out - I put my glass of ale down, went out into the passage, and into the court, but I did not overtake him - it being a very foggy night, I lost sight of him - I afterwards made inquiry for him, but could not find him.
Cross-examined. Q. Where did you see him? A. In Crown-court, at the Red Lion - I was standing - he came in behind me - I have not a doubt he saw me, or he would not have gone out - he never spoke to me - he saw me, for he turned out - he looked at me - I was in my livery.
Prisoner. I had no apartments in St. James's-square? Witness. No; not at his Lordship's house.
THE MOST NOBLE THE MARQUIS OF BRISTOL. The prisoner was in my employ as house-steward
 for about a year and a quarter - he ceased to be so in October or November last - I employed him afterwards to pay the Christmas bills for the year he had been in my employ - I did that as a mark of confidence, he having been ten months in my employ in that year, and being satisfied of his honesty - in January I was staying at Ickworth-hall, Bury - I received from the prisoner a list of the outstanding bills - here is an account of a bill due to Aikman - (it is spelt Aickman) - to the amount of 184l. 9s. - the different tradesmen's bills were forwarded to me after they were paid - I think not with the list - it was always my custom, on receiving lists of the bills, to enclose drafts for the amount to the prisoner - this bill (looking at it) is drawn by me, and was forwarded to the prisoner with others - I sent my steward for the stamps - there could have been no endorsement on the back of it, of course, but I did not look at the backs of each of them - I afterwards received this receipt from the prisoner, for Aikman's account.
Cross-examined. Q. You sent orders for money with this? A. Yes, altogether - I cannot say that every one of them came faithfully into the hands of the parties - there were a great many, and all came back duly receipted, except two, and I ascertained that those two persons happened to be out the day he called to pay them - I transmitted this bill to the prisoner, probably the same evening as I drew it - I addressed them to him at Roehampton, or St. James's-square.
(The bill was here put in and read; also a receipt for the amount, signed R. Aickman.)
Prisoner's Defence. My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury, although unfortunately placed in this degrading situation, I will not encroach on your time, except to assure you of the absence of any improper motives on my part when I gave the receipt for Aikman's money, not having had any intention of misappropriating his money - on that day I paid several tradesmen's bills, and by drinking with them, I got intoxicated - not having time to pay Aikman, I sent his Lordship all the receipts that night, as he requested; and knowing his Lordship would feel disappointed at not receiving the receipts, I thought it no harm to send a receipt for Aikman, intending to pay him the following morning; but unfortunately for me, in a state of intoxication, I entered a gaming-house, where, I believe, I lost all the money - this was inquired into by the officer, and found to be true - the only recollection I have of the affair is, that I went to the gaming-house - perceiving the loss I sustained next morning, I wrote to my friends for money to pay Aikman - Gentlemen, you have heard from the cashier to Goslings that he knew me - can you then, or any thinking men, suppose, as I was known there, that I should myself have presented the cheque, if I intended a forgery or a fraud? - Might not the money have been obtained without my appearing for it, or giving my receipt for it? - if fraud had been my intent, should not I have appropriated the whole sum to my purpose, and have left the country? - in obtaining the money, I acted by the desire of Aikman - he authorized me to receive it - there was nobody to take up the £10 bill where it was payable - he authorized me to receive this money for the purpose - I admit receiving it, and writing the receipt; but through the losses I sustained, I could not pay him - having received it by his desire, he knew he had no claim on Lord Bristol or the banker - hence the origin of my being accused of forgery - by charging me with forgery, he secures himself from the loss - I hope, from your knowledge of business and the world, you will not submit me to the sentence of having committed forgery.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
