






Third London Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1304. 
               
                  ELLEN 
                  SAMPSON
               





             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of July

, 40 yards of lace, value 30s.; and 1 ring, value 12s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Pigott
               



            .
SUSANNAH PIGOTT. I live at No. 2, Crescent, Bridge-street



. The prisoner came into my service as housemaid
, on the 1st of April - I missed 40 yards of lace in May, from the room where we made up articles in my trade as milliner
- I do not know that I spoke to her about it, but the lace was sought for - I had some suspicion before she left - I had given her warning, and she left on the 2nd or 3rd of July- I found it on the 4th.


                  JAMES 
                  WILLIAM CLARK
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Farringdon-street. I produce a quantity of lace pawned for 1s., on the 17th of May, in the name of Ann Johnson, but I cannot recognise the prisoner.


                  RICHARD 
                  EDWARD BARBER
               



            . I am in the service of a pawnbroker. I have a mourning ring pawned for 10s., on the 3rd of July, by the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  BATES
               



            . I am a City officer. I went on the 4th of July and apprehended the prisoner at Mrs. Pigott's - she denied all knowledge of the robbery - she had remove her box to Drury-lane - I went there, and found in her box the duplicates of the lace and ring.
MRS. PIGOTT. This lace in mine, and the ring also.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. How long have you had this lace? A. I had had it some time, but as there was no mark on it, I wish to speak cautiously about it- it was on a card when I lost it - I gave the prisoner notice to leave - she left four or five days before her time-there was 2l. due to her - it was quite convenient for me to pay her, but she did not apply for it - she went out in the evening and did not return.
Prisoner's Defence. It is my first offence - I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
1305. ELLEN SAMPSON was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of June

, 1 brooch, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Dorr
               



            .
ELIZABETH DORR. I lived in the house of Mrs. Pigott- the prisoner was servant there - I lost a brooch from the bed in my room - it was afterwards found in the prisoner's box - I know it by having a scratch on the side of it.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Do any other persons live in this house? A. Yes; seven or eight - I had left the brooch on the bed - I had not locked the room door- other persons had been in the room.


                  GEORGE 
                  CHAMBERS
               



            . I lodge in that house - I lost these two studds out of the looking-glass drawer in my room - the prisoner had access to it.


                  JAMES 
                  BATES
               



            . I found the brooch and studds in her box in her house in Drury-lane - Mrs. Pigott went with me, and recognised the box as being the prisoner's.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
