



2222. 




GEORGE COLBEN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of July, 6 forks, value 7l. 10s. and 6 spoons, value 4l. 15s. the goods of 



Paulus Emilius Pauli, in his dwelling-house.






SARAH ISABELLA CHALK
. I am housemaid to Mr. Paulus Emilius Pauli, a merchant, who lives in Park villas, Regent's-park. On the 23rd of July I had been out, and was returning home at half-past four o'clock in the evening—I met the prisoner at the top of the steps leading up from the kitchen—he was coming out of the house—he said, "I have seen the cook"—I said, "Have you," that was all—he then went away—I followed him to the gate, saw him join another man, and they both ran away together—I went down stairs to the butler's pantry, and opened the plate box—I saw two of the divisions were empty—it had been all safe when I left it an hour before—I went out, met a policeman, and told him that a man had robbed the house—I described the prisoner—the policeman went after him—he was secured and taken—I am sure he is the person—all the plate has been found.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Is the cook here? A. No—I do not know where the other roan is—he was about one hundred yards from the house when I saw the prisoner join him—my master is a German—I have seen him sign his names as they are in this indictment.





JOHN HYSLOP
.(police-constable S 195.) I received information, and followed the prisoner and another man—they were running down Clarence-street—finding they were getting on too fast for me, I met a man exercising a pair of horses, and begged him to gallop after them, and call "Stop thief," as they had robbed a house in Park Villas—he did so, and several persons pursued—the prisoner was secured, but he had thrown the plate away in different directions.





JOHN WELLS
. I am an errand-boy. I was going up Chester-terrace between four and five o'clock in the afternoon—I saw the prisoner come running down Chester-place—he said nothing to me, but he was close to me—he took something out of his breast and threw it over a garden—it sounded like glass, and as he took that out I saw some silver forks in his bosom—I watched him, and saw him take out two spoons, and throw them over the garden—he went a little further, then took out two more,

and threw them over—a gentleman ran off a step, threw him down, and two men came up—I went on my errand, and as I came back I looked into the garden, and saw these spoons—I got over, and got them—I took them to the station-house.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not see the other man? A. No—I saw the prisoner taken.





JAMES DORSETT
. I was going up Chester-terrace about half-past four or five o'clock, on the 23rd of July, and met the prisoner running down the terrace—he passed me, and said, "For God's sake don't stop me"—just before that I saw him take something from his breast and throw it over a wall—I heard some persons call, "Stop thief," and Joseph Clark ran from a step of a door and threw the prisoner down—I got over the wall and got two forks—I gave them to Clarke.





WILLIAM TAYLOR
. I saw the prisoner in Chester-terrace—I saw him throw something over a wall—I got over, and got two forks.





WILLIAM DRAYSON
. I am a porter. I was standing at the head of a pair of horses—I heard a horse come galloping down the street, and the man was calling, "Stop thief"—I gave the horses to the coachman, and ran to Chester-terrace—I saw the prisoner throw something over a wall into a garden—I called, "Stop thief"—Joseph Clark ran from a step of a door and knocked him down.





JOSEPH CLARK
. I am butler to Mr. Mellish, of Chester-terrace. I took the prisoner—the property was given to me—I gave it to the officer.





SARAH ISABELLA CHALK
. My master's house is in the parish of St. Pancras—it is his dwelling-house—these are his property—it is worth 12l. 10s.—it is English manufacture.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.
