




1133. 




JOHN JONES
 and 




THOMAS MAYO
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
2nd of March, 2 firkins, value 2s., and 130lbs. weight of butter, value 6l. 10s., the goods of 



John Scovell and others; and that Jones had been previovaly convicted of felony.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS LANE
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Scovell, of Scovell,'s-wharf, Tooley-street. Last Saturday evening I was on the wharf, and saw the prisoner Jones take a firkin of butter off a truck, which stood opposite the cellar steps half unloaded, and place it on a tierce of pork—he then took another in his arms, but seeing Mr. Gibson the foreman, coming, he laid it down by the side of the truck till he had passed, then took it up again, and placed it in a cart, which stood there—I saw Mayo back the cart towards the truck—I went to the cellar, and told Sculley, who immediately came up, and went to the cart—Jones was then in the cart, covering the firkin with a tarpaulin—Mayo was at the horse's head at the time—Sculley asked Jones what he was going to do with it—he immediately jumped down, and ran away-Mayo ran away at the same time, leaving the cart—about ten minutes after, as we were taking the cart towards the green-yard, Mayo came up, and demanded to know where we were taking the horse and cart to, and said it belonged to him—he was taken into custody—Jones was also taken on the wharf by Mr. Gibson. Jones. Q. Do you mean to say you saw me take the firkin? A. did, off the truck—I was only six or seven yards from you.

Mayo. Q. Did you see me bring the cart on the wharf? A. No, hut I saw you shove it against the truck; I am sure of that, and I had seen you come down the wharf with the tarpaulin op your back.






MICHAEL SCULLEY
. I am a labourer at Scovell's wharf. I was called out of the cellar on this occasion by Lane, and saw Jones in the cart, covering over a firkin of butter with a tarpaulin, and Mayo at the horse's head, with the reins in his hand—I asked Jones what he was doing—he immediately jumped out of the cart, and they both ran away.

Jones. Q. You said at the Town-hall that you saw me put the firkin in the cart, and jump up into the cart? A. Yes, I did from the truck, and saw you cover it over with the tarpaulin.





WILLIAM GIBSON
. I am foreman to Messrs. John, Henry, and George Scovell. I was walking down the wharf on this Saturday, about six o'clock, and saw Jones running down the wharf, very fast, with two or three of our men after him—I allowed him to pass, not knowing the meaning of it, but hearing the cry of "Stop thief," I pursued him up Tooley-street and Dean-street, took him, and brought him back to the premises.

Jones. Q. Was I inside the gates? A. Yes, about fifty yards up the yard.





JAMES WARD
 (police-constable M 166.) I was called in by Mr. Gibson, and took Jones into custody—I examined the cart, and found one firkin in it, covered over with a tarpaulin, and another firkin on some barrels of pork.

Jones's Defence. I know nothing at all about it.

Mayo's Defence. I know nothing about the butter—I left my cart in Tooley-street while I went to buy some potatoes, and missed it for half an hour—I inquired after it, and never saw it till I saw Jones and the policeman with it—I asked where he was going with it—he said to the green-yard—the policeman directly turned round to Sculley, and said, "Is that one of them?"—he hesitated for a moment, and afterwards said, "Yes"—the policeman said to his brother officer, "Ned, detain him"—I did not want any detaining, I walked to the station-house, and was gives into charge.





RICHARD FULLER
 (police-constable M 120.) I produce a certificate of Jones's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the man—I was a witness on the trial.

JONES*—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

MAYO*—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.




Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

