





2222. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of March
, 1 sovereign, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Hasledine 
                           Pepys
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  HENRY 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Hasledine Pepys
               



            , a cutler and surgical-instrument maker
, in the Poultry


. On the 4th of October the prisoner came into the shop, and requested some George the Fourth shillings for some others, which he had in his pocket; I declined changing them, and followed him out, saw him go into the next house, and then to the next; I immediately called down Mr. Pepy's son, who recognized him as having been at the shop on a former occasion, when we lost a sovereign, and I gave him in charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HASLEDINE PEPYS
               



            , JUN. I am the prosecutor's son; the prisoner came to the shop the latter end of March - I made a memorandum of it at the time, but have not got it - I am sure it was after the 20th of March, and before the 5th of April; he asked me to change him some shillings of George the Fourth, for another coinage of the same reign; I took out a bag, in which was 3l. in silver and a sovereign; he turned over the shillings and changed some, and the moment he was gone, I counted the money, and missed a sovereign, which I am sure was there when he came in; I did not see him again till the 4th of October - I am certain he is the person; the sovereign was my father's.
Prisoner's Defence. I never was in his house in March, and never stole any money from him; he produced his book at the examination, and said it was the 15th of March, and it was found to have been put down the day before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HASLEDINE PEPYS
               



            . I made the memorandum on the day he called, which was the latter end of March, and I think the 30th - I did not make it after he was apprehended.
Prisoner. Q. Did not Mr. Hobler take and write himself in your book? A. No - he said nothing about the book; I did not refuse to give it to him, nor did he force it out of my hand.
The conviction being after the offence in question was committed, evidence was not called to support it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
