



450. 




THOMAS STORER
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of December, 14 1/2 lbs. weight of glue, value 7s.; and 30 pieces of wood, value 5s.; the goods of 



James Jackson and others, his masters.






JOSEPH JACKSON
. I live in Paddington-street, and am in partnership with my father and brother—we are piano-forte makers. The prisoner was in our employ, and has been so since the 7th of July—on Monday evening, the 17th of December, I heard a noise in the ware-room, about half-past five o'clock—I went on the stairs, and called the servant—she answered me from another room—I then went to the ware-room, and saw the prisoner facing a closet, which contained glue and candles—

he had been at work for us that day—before the closet was a blue handkerchief spread on the floor, and a quantity of cake glue piled on it; and on a shelf in the closet was a pile of glue, which had been taken from a bag in which it had come from the manufactory—I called my brother, and got a policeman, who took the prisoner—he said several times, "Do consider my wife and child"—this is our glue, I have no doubt—(looking at it.)

Prisoner. I asked for Mr. James to borrow some money of him. Witness. You attempted to speak but could not, you stuttered. J AMES JACKSON, JUN. I am in partnership with my brother and father. My brother called me on the evening of the 17th of December, and on going to the ware-room, I found him with the prisoner—there was a quantity of glue in the handkerchief on the floor, and a quantity on the shelf in the cupboard, which had been taken from the bag—I gave the prisoner in charge, and the Inspector desired me to go to the prisoner's lodging—I went to No. 19, Great Barlow-street, and there found these pieces of rosewood, some beech, and other wood—these pieces of rose-wood are our property—I can swear to them—the prisoner had no authority to take any of it away.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about the glue, nor the handkerchief—the wood was for fire-wood—each man has the liberty of taking home wood.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years,

