



213. 




GEORGE FOX
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





THOMAS YORK
. I am a lath-render, and live in Ann's Place, Hackney-road. I went to the prosecutor's yard, which near the Regent's Canal, Limehouse, on the 8th of November, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, and purchased a quarter of a fathom of lath-wood of the prisoner—it came to 4l. 10s.—I paid him 4 sovereigns in gold, and ten shillings in silver.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. This was quite an ordinary

transaction? A. Yes—I paid the 4l. 10s. between seven and eight o'clock in the morning—nothing particular occurred.





WILLIAM SKINNER
. I was employed to cart some wood from Mr. Boulcott's on the 8th of November—I saw York pay Fox four sovereigns and some odd silver.

Cross-examined. Q. You were with him? A. Yes—I am not York's servant—I am a cow-keeper and carman.





DANIEL ROGERS
. I am a lath-render, and live in Bethnal-green. On the 18th of November I purchased one-eighth of a fathom of wood of the prisoner, and paid him 2l. 5s. for it—Skinner carted it for me.

Cross-examined. Q. What time was this? A. Half-past seven o'clock in the morning—the yard was open—there were many other persons there—I have been here before—I get my living honestly.





WILLIAM SKINNER

re-examined. I am a carman. On the 18th of November I carted the wood for Rogers—I saw one sovereign, two halfsovereigns, and silver paid to the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you always carman to this yard? A. No—I cart lath and fire-wood for these two men—they used to work together, but they have parted since—I saw money on both these occasions.





CHARLES FREDERICK DADDEN
. I am clerk to Boulcott and Cadman, timber merchants. The prisoner was their foreman—it was his duty to sell lath wood in the morning before the clerks came—if he effected a sale, and was paid, it was his duty to give the money to me when I came to the counting-house—on the 8th of November the prisoner handed 2l. 5s. to me for one-eighth of a fathom of lath, which he had received from York—he accounted for no more money received from York that day.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you got your book here? A. Yes—there were other things sold by him that morning—here are two other entries by him that same day—I know he had not paid Mr. Boulcott this money, because he was in the country—his name is Joseph Crew Boulcott.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. It was the prisoner's duty to account to you? A. Yes—if he did not account to me, he should to Dalton.





CHARLES DALTON
. The prisoner did not account to me for the remainder of the 4l. 10s. on the 8th, or for 2l. 6s. on the 18th from Rogers.

Cross-examined. Q. How many clerks are there besides? A. Only us two, and the two partners—no mistake is ever made in the entries.





CHARLES FREDERICK DADDEN

re-examined. The prisoner did not account to me for 2l. 5s. on the 18th of November from Rogers—it is not entered at all—if I receive money I enter it, and if Dalton receives it he does.

Cross-examined. Q. Does the prisoner make any entry? A. No—no notes of delivery are given—the note of delivery is a note from our counting-house—he generally tells us if he has sold any thing.





JOSEPH CREW BOULCOTT
. My name is Crew, I do not ordinarily use it, but I use it when I have occasion to sign a deed.





CHARLES CADMAN
. I am partner with Mr. Boulcott I never receive money—I did not receive either of these sums.
(Edward Robinson, tailor, Queen-street, Ratcliff; Daniel Palmer, lighterman, Butcher-row, Ratcliff; John Skinner, coal merchant, Narrow-street, Ratcliff; John Skelton, mast-maker, Shad well; Benjamin Venables, Lighterman,

cliff; John Hone, coal and potato merchant, and John White, master lighterman, George-street, Ratcliff; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
 Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.
