





387. 




THOMAS RAINSBURY
 and 




WILLIAM JONES
 were indicted for

feloniously and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Henry Gunn, at 
Lewisham, Kent about one o'clock in the night of the 
13th of December, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 warming-pan, value 15d.; 1 kettle, value 1s.; 1 powder-flask, value 1s.; 1 cruet frame value 2s.; 1 telescope, value 3s.; 1 soldering-iron, value 6d.; 12 lbs. of solder, value 3s.; 32 glass bottles, value 4s.; 8 lbs. of rags, value 2s.; and 6 bell-cranks, value 1s.; his property; and that the said William Jones had before been convicted of felony;—and 




JOHN ROBERTS
 was indicted for

feloniously receiving the same n the 
14th of December, well knowing them to have been stolen.






WILLIAM HENRY GUNN
. I have a house on Dartmouth-hill, which is empty—I never let it—it was uninhabited on the 14th of December, and bad been so four months—I lived in it for the last ten years, till some time in August—I was not going back to it—I wanted to let it. but had no servant nor any body there—I was there the last time about a fortnight before the 14th of December—I merely went over the bottom part of the house—I left the doors and every thing secure—I left a good deal of property in it it was furnished nearly all through—on the 14th of December I heard of the robbery, and went there that day—I found the place in a complete state of confusion, and a great deal of property, as stated in the indictment, gone away from the lower part of the premises—I found, on the 16th, at Roberts's, at Deptford, a warming-pan, powder-flask, kettle, bell-cranks, and cruet-frame.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you see Roberts at his shop? A. Yes, on the 16th of December—he appeared before the magistrates at Lewisham the next day—he went when he was told to attend—he was not taken into custody—he was bailed the following day, and has surrendered here.

Rainsbury. Q. Did you not say, at the office, you could not swear to the articles? A. At first I could not, till I came to examine them—I said at first they appeared like the things I had lost—I did not say I could not swear to them—I had not looked at them and examined them then—there was no whispering between me and the policeman.





THOMAS SHELFORD
. I live in the adjoining house to Mr. Gunn's. on Dartmouth-hill. On the 14th of December I was the prisoners. Rainsbary and Jones, on Mr. Gunn's premises—I should say it was a very little after five o'clock in the evening—I saw them at the back, or rather the side entrance of Mr. Gunn's premises, in a sort of court-yard—I was on my own premises, and heard a voice or voices—I went round, and saw them in the court—I had never seen them before, but I am confident they are the presons—day-light bad nearly past, but there was light enough, and other means for me to see them—I saw them at the moment, and afterwards met them coming out of the entrance—when I first saw them, I said, "Come here, my lads, I want you"—I spoke load enough for them to hear—they made no answer, but went to the right, round the corner, out of my sight

for a moment—I then went to the corner, to the blacksmith's shop, they were coming up then, and I was them, and said, "My lads, you have been in Mr. Gunn's back yard"—they said they had not' that one of them had been down to ease himself—I gave them in charge to the blacksmith, and went down and called Mr. Gunn, who came up with the policeman, and had them taken into custody—I did not see any thing with them.





MARY ANN STEER
. I live in Mill-lane, Deptford. Rainsbury and Jones both lodged with me for a short time in December—on Monday, the 14th of December, about eight o'clock in the morning, they went out and asked my husband to lend them a basket—I think it was Rainsbury asked—I do not think Jones was present—they both went out together nearly—Rainsbury said he wanted the basket, to go and gather rags and bottles—my husband lent him a basket and a bag, to put their rags in—they came back about half-past ten o'clock the same morning, with the bag full—apparently of rags—they had a handle basket and my basket—they seemed full of rags and bottles together, as if rags were put between the bottles, and the bag appeared full of rags—they remained there a quarter of an hour or ten minutes, and went out—as they went through my little shop, I said, "What! are you off again?" they said, "Yes"—I asked what they gave a dozen for the bottles—they said 1s. 6d. or 1s. 7d.—they returned again after they had sold them, and brought in three bottles—I said, "What! can't you sell them?"—they said, "Yes, we can sell them, but we will sell them to you for a halfpenny a-piece"—this was not long after they went out—it was about dinner time—after dinner, about four o'clock, they went out again with the two baskets—I said, "Are you going to work again?"—they said, "Yes, we have got some more bottles to fetch"—I saw no more of them till I saw them in custody next day—they gave me a spy glass on Sunday morning, and asked me to put it away, because they could not sell it—I saw the basket and hamper which I had lent them, before the magistrate.





WILLIAM WORSDELL
. I am a policeman. On the 14th of December, I was on duty on Blackheath-hill, from nine o'clock to two o'clock—I saw both the prisoners on Blackheath-hill, about a quarter before ten o'clock, going towards Deptford, in a direction from Mr. Gunn's house—they were loaded with rags and bottles—each had a basket and a bag—I did not stop them—I searched Steer's house, in Mill-land, Deptford, on the 16th, and found the spy-glass and three bottles—I searched Roberts's house, in High-street, Deptford, the same day, and found a warming-pan, a copper kettle, a powder-flask, and a quantity of solder, and a soldering-iron—he is a dealer in marine stores, and keeps a large china shop as well—I found the articles in his back premises below, outside the cellar, in a yard, laying open.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you known Deptford long? A. For the last five years—I know Mrs. Roberts sometimes buys and sells things in his absence.





JAMES WILD
. I am a policeman. I have a certificate of the former conviction of Jones—I was present when he was tried last January at Maidstone session—he is the same person—(read)—I know both the prisoners.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Rainsbury's Defence. On the day we were taken on Blackheath-hill, we had been out with two baskets and a bag to gather bottles and rags—when we were coming home, we saw a hearth-stone boy, who had collected

a lot of things—I asked him if he would sell them—we bought them of him, and they are the things we sold to Roberts, a and which the policeman saw us on Blackheath—hill.

JONES—



GUILTY of stealing only. Aged 18.—


Transported for Life.

RAINSBURY—



GUILTY of stealing only. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

ROBERTS—


NOT GUILTY
.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

