




126. 



ANN WHEATLEY
 and 




MARY CAMPBELL
 were again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
15th of November, 7 yards of calico, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 



Joseph Jackson.






ROBERT STEWARDSON
. I live in Shoreditch, with Mr. Joseph Jackson, a linen-draper. On the 15th of November, Fell came to our shop about half-past five o'clock, and asked if we had lost any thing—I had hung up this calico about five o'clock in the doorway, partly in and partly out—it was gone—I had been in the shop all the time—I had not sold it, nor bad any one else, or I should have seen it—it has my master's private mark on it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How many servants has your master? A. Two more besides myself—here is the private mark, a 4, in pencil.





THOMAS LEWIS FELL
. I live in Newman-place, Bishopsgate-street—I was passing towards Shoreditch, and saw the two prisoners standing at the prosecutor's door—I saw Campbell give the piece of calico a tug—that excited my suspicion—I looked for a policeman—I crossed, and somebody came out of the prosecutor's shop—the prisoners walked the length of the window, about three yards off—they then returned, and Campbell looked at at again, she pulled it, off, and gave it to Wheatley—I followed them till they went to the side—door of a public-house in Primrose-street, looking at the calico—I crossed over and saw Mr. Hall and told him.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know a person of the name of Boston? A.. No—I was never confined five minutes in prison in my life—Mr. Fiber never charged me with stealing a pair of boots of his—I had two pairs to repair, and I was attending here, and he was very angry—I have them now in my possession—Mr. Fiber has no charge against me.






ABRAHAM SCOTT
 (police-sergeant H. 12.) I took the prisoner to the watch-house, and Campbell had this in her possession.





HENRY PATTERSON SMITH
. When I gave them in charge for taking the cart, the calico was under Campbell's arm.

CAMPBELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

WHEATLEY—


NOT GUILTY
.
