




943. 




THOMAS EAST
 and 




MARY EAST
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
17th of February, 2 blankets, value 1l.; 2 sheets, value 16s.; 1 pillow, value 6s.; 2 pillow-cases, value 2s.; and 1 quilt, value 8s.; the goods of 



Charles Burrows.






HENRIETTA GOULDING
. I am wife of Joseph Goulding, of Finsbury-street, he is a lady's shoe-maker. On the 17th of March I was on a visit to Mrs. Burrows, the wife of Charles Burrows, No. 98. Bunhill-row—I was there in the absence to Mrs. Burrows—I saw the prisoner Thomas East—he came to look at a room, which he said was for his sister, who was cook in a family, and was going to leave her situation that day—he inquired if there was a furnished room to let—I told him there was—he said should see his sister shortly, and he would call again in an hour and a half—he called again, brought a small parcel, and said he had seen his sister, and she would come that evening, and he would leave the parcel, which he did—he came with the other prisoner in the evening—they were shown into a room on the second floor, and on going up-stairs he said to his sister, "You will not want a fire this evening"—I said there had been a fire for three hours in the room—when we got up, the female prisoner said how clean and comfortable it was, and she was much obliged to me—the man said, "I shall not be able to bring your boxes till ten o'clock to-morrow"—she said, "That will do"—I left them in the room, and went down stairs—in a quarter of an hour I heard a knock at the door, or the shop shutter, as if with a fist—I went to the door, and the female prisoner was two or three satires from the bottom, with a bundle—she said the would open the door—I thanked her, and said I would open it myself—I opened it, and saw

the make prisoner with a basket in his hand—he said he had been out to get some bread and cheese for her supper, and she said, "Will you lend me a jug to get some beer?" which I did—I stood talking with the female while the man went for some beer—he came back, and they went up-stairs—I then heard a noise at the door again, and went out and saw the woman on the stairs with a candle, blown out, partly concealed—she said it was very cold—I said. "I dare say you find it so"—she said "Yes, I have been standing over large fires, cooking three dinners a day"—the man was then outside—he said to her, "Come along"—she said, "I do not think I shall go out this evening"—he said, "Come along," and they went out, and at half past twelve o'clock we went up-stairs, found the door locked, and the key gone—we found the bed had been stripped of every thing—this is the quilt—blanket, and sheet, which came of the bed.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Have you given evidence respecting these articles before? A. Yes—the son of the female prisoner was taken for pledging them.





FREDERICK NEW ADAMS
. I am shopman to Mr. Pige, pawnbroker, in Church-street. I produce this quilt and sheet, which were pledged on the 18th of February, about seven o'clock in the evening—the same person afterwards brought this blanket—he was then sopped with it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know who he was? A. I have heard that he was the son of the female prisoner.





WILLIAM BAKER ASHTON
 (police-sergeant G 11.) I apprehended the male prisoner on the 12th of March, at Richmond-street, St. Luke's—as we went to the station-house, he said he knew he had done wrong by bringing his sister to Mrs. Betts, which was all he did—I said, "You had better hold your tongue, you will have some other charges brought against you, and particularly one of taking out a basket of goods from Mrs. Goulding's—he said. "Unfortunately I did, but it was by the advice of my sister."





GEORGE AVERY
 (police-constable G 5.) I was present with Ashton—what he has stated is correct—I apprehended the female prisoner at Barossa-street, Commercial-road.

Prisoner Mary East. I was sent for to go to that house, to see some letters which had been received from my son. Witness. I had information that letter was to be sent to Barrossa-street, to the mother of the had who was transported last session—this is the letter I got from her, addressed to, "Mary East," and in the wrapper they desired that it should not be delivered to any person but his mother.





JOHN BACKWAY
. I am in the service of Mr. Capel, a pawnbroker, of Old-street. This pillow was pledged by a woman in the name of Ann Cooper.

Thomas East. I came to town and met my sister, who asked me to look for a room for her, which I did, but I did not go into the room, nor did I speak to Mrs. Goulding—I went there in the evening—had some beer in the room, and then came down and left the house.

THOMAS EAST—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.

MARY EAST—


GUILTY
. Aged 46.




Transported for Seven Years.
