





821. 
               
                  
                     HARRIET 
                     WALTERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of March
, 1 watch, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dunage
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN DUNAGE. I am a shoemaker
, and live in Little Pulteney-street - I am single. I fell in with the prisoner on the 29th of March, about half-past eleven o'clock at night; I went to the Black Horse in the Haymarket - the prisoner came in by herself: she got into conversation with me, and invited me home with her - I at last went with her to a house in Whitcomb-street


; on entering the room on the first floor, she shut the door, and began to use very bad language, and swore, which frightened me very much indeed; I gave her 6d. to let me come away - she asked for my watch; she seized my collar, and said if I did not give her my watch she would have my life - she tried to throw me down, and tore my trousers nearly all to pieces on the stairs - she got my watch by force from me,and broke the guard; I got down, and waited outside, and when she came out in a few minutes I gave an alarm, and she was taken - I saw her put her hand to her bosom, take out the watch, and throw it down; she had before that denied having it I suppose twenty times; this is the watch, and this is the part broken from the chain - it is the first time I ever got in any disgrace, and I will take care it shall be the last.
Prisoner. I never saw this young man in my life, nor drank with him. Witness. Yes, that once, I will take my oath.


                  JESSE 
                  MASTERS
               



            . I was called to assist the prosecutor in Whitcomb-street, at half-past two o'clock in the morning; he gave the prisoner in charge for robbing him of a watch at a house about four doors off - she denied it over and over again; I took hold of her and this watch fell on the ground - I believe it fell from her, but I did not see it fall; the glass is broken - I have seen the prisoner every night I have been on duty in the Police; that is a street which gives us a great deal of trouble - the prosecutor was sober.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from Leicester-square, and saw this young man standing against the wall with his trousers down and in liquor - he said, "My dear, where are you going?" I said, "I am going home" - he then called me back, and said I was the girl who had been in a house with him and robbed him of 6 1/2d.; I said I had not - he made use of very bad expressions, and said I had robbed him of his watch; he called the Police.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
