



421. 



JOHN POLLARD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of November, 60lbs. weight of veal, value 22., the goods of 




John Moore.






JOHN MOORE
. I am a butcher, and live in Marchmont-street, Burton-crescent. On the 25th of November I was at Newgate-market—I bought a side of veal at Pocklington's, down the lane, in the market—my cart was in Warwick-square—I did not see the veal in the cart myself, but it was lost soon after, and found at a beer-shop—I can identify it, because it is a very peculiar side—it is very white, and has a sweet-bread on it—it is a peculiar colour—when I found it it was cut up, but the whole side was there except a small part of the breast—I found it within an hour and a quarter—I swear positively that it is mine.





RICHARD EDWARDS
. I am servant to the last witness. I was in Newgate-market, and received a side of veal from the shop where roaster bought it—I placed it in master's cart in Warwick-square—I left the cart shortly afterwards to fetch more meat from the market, and missed the veal on returning—I saw the prisoner in the market before it happened—I went to a beer-shop an hour afterwards and found the veal—According to my judgment it is the same—it had been cut then.





CHARLES JAMES OWEN
. I was in Newgate-market I had the care of Mr. Moore's cart in Warwick-square, when the veal was put there-—I left the cart a short time to go backwards and forwards—the prisoner came and spoke to me, and asked me which was Mr. Moore's cart—I pointed it out to him, and he afterwards asked me where Mr. Moore's man was—I said I expected him down directly, and if he waited a little while he might see him—I thought he wanted to see him, but while I was going backwards and forwards I missed him all at once, and then the veal was missed.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me take it out of the cart? A. No.





JOHN NORTH
. I am a pork-butcher. On the morning of the 25th of November, between seven and eight o'clock, I saw the prisoner in Newgate-market, and afterwards saw him with a side of veal on his shoulder—he appeared to bring it out of Warwick-square.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me come out of the square? A. No.





WILLIAM DODD
. I am a policeman. I received information of the veal being stolen, and went to a beer-shop in Speldhurst-street—I found

the veal there in the parlour, cut up—the bone I produce is part of it—I did not find the prisoner there.





ELIZABETH EVANS
. I keep the beer-shop. The prisoner lodged at my house—he came there the latter end of July—on the 25th of November the officer came and found the veal in my parlour—I do not know who put it there—it was not there with my knowledge—I never saw the prisoner afterwards—he left the lodging without giving notice.

Prisoner's Defence. I am a butcher—I was down at Newgate-maket, between seven and eight o'clock, and met a man named Moss with some beef, and this veal on his shoulder—he said "Will you carry this side of veal to my cart?" I said, "Yes," and took it to put into his cart—I do not know who I met in the lane—he gave me twopence to get a glass of ale, and I went and had a glass of ale with him.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.
