



976. 




SARAH CLARK
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
2nd of February, 1 breast-pin, value 1s. 6d.; 2 caps, value 1s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; and 5 yards of ribbon, value 1s.; the goods of 



William Johnson; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






BARBARA MARIA JOHNSON
. I am the wife of William Johnson—I have known the prisoner some years—I employed her to work for me, and she was at my house some days—she left on the 2nd of March—when she was gone I missed these articles—in five or six weeks she came with my ribbons on her bonnet—she had one of my caps in her pocket, and one was at her lodging—my little boy pointed out the ribbons—the prisoner said they were mine, and what did it signify—I asked what the had done with the rest of the things—she said she knew nothing of them—I said, if she would give me my husband's breast-pin, I did not care—she said the knew nothing about them, and I might go to her lodging and see—I went to my work, and then I said I would go to her lodging—she said if I went out, she would kick up hell's delight—I went to her lodging and found the other cap there, and when I returned, she had been taken into custody by my brother—she said she knew nothing of the breast-pin, but she had sold the petticoat.





JOHN SCANLAN
 (police-constable K 102.) I took the prisoner, and searched her at the station—I found this cap on her—she at first denied knowing any thing about the pin or petticoat; but afterwards said she sold the pin for 2d. and the petticoat for 6d.


Prisoner's Defence. She was in the habit of going out; and a man, named Downes, used to come and fetch her—her husband took very unbecoming liberties with me—I never had her things—the cap found on me was my own.





BARBARA MARIA JOHNSON
. These caps are mine; but I have no particular mark on them—the petticoat and pin have not been found—my husband is sixty years of age.





JAMES MORGAN
. I am a police-inspector. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office (read)—I was present at the trial, and know she is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
