





Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
1837. 
               
                  MARY 
                  CROSS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
, 1 sovereign, the monies of 
                     
                        John 
                        Hood
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN HOOD. I am a seaman
; I came home in the Cambridge. I put into the hands of my landlady three sovereigns and a half, on the 24th of August; next day I went there, and called for a glass of liquor, asked for the money, and gave them the card they had given me; they gave me the three sovereigns; I said, "Change the halfsovereign, and take for the liquor;" the prisoner came in, put her hand into my hand, and took out a sovereign - I turned round, and said, "Give me that sovereign;" she put her hand to her mouth, and said, "I have not your sovereign, I have not seen it;" she said she wanted a pint of beer - the landlady took her backwards, and overhauled her; but the sovereign has never been found - I had never spoken to her before; I do not know that I had seen her.


                  MARY 
                  ELIZABETH PERKINS
               



            . My father keeps the White-hart public-house, Shadwell


. The prosecutor left three sovereigns and a half with us; he came and had the three sovereigns, and wanted change for the halfsovereign; I saw the prisoner take a sovereign out of his hand - he mentioned it directly, and she was searched, but it has never been found.


                  JOHN 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I took the prisoner, but found nothing on her.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to get a pint of beer; there were several young women there, and one of them, whom I knew, asked me to have a glass of liquor, which I did; I was coming out, and the prosecutor said I had taken his sovereign - I had never seen it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
