





Fourth Middlesex Jury. - Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
327. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BATT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of December
, 14 silver spoons, value 3l. 14s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Robertson
                  




               
            , her master.
MARRY ROBERTSON. I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Robertson
               



            , a surgeon
, of Long-acre - the prisoner had been in my service near a fortnight; I did not miss these spoons till the officer brought them one Saturday morning in December.
JOSEPH SADLER THOMAS. I am a superintendent of the Police. On the day before the robbery I was with the commissioners of the Police, when Breavington came and showed me a letter which came from the prisoner - I directed him to make the appointment; he met me on the following morning - we went to the premises, and according to the signal he tapped at the window; I saw him stoop down and receive something, but I could not see what; he came to me, and I asked what he had got; he said he did not know - he gave it me, and I took it to the officer; it was these fourteen silver spoons; I then went to Dr. Robertson's and knocked: the prisoner came to the door, and I spoke to Dr. Robertson - the articles in his parlour were all in confusion.


                  MARY 
                  ROBERTSON
               



            . I have seen the prisoner's writting, and I believe this letter to be her writting (letter read.)
DEAR FRIEND - I wish much to see you on particular Saturday morning, precisely seven o'clock, not exceed quarter past. I have a parcel I wish you to fetch. Take greatest care of, and put it under lock and key when you reach home. I will give you a shilling, Whatever you do, do not disappoint. I have something in view I think will be a great advantage to you; can say nothing till Sunday evening, when I hope to come for an hour or two. Excuse me, last Sunday I was an hour behind time. I shall have my kitchen window open, which faces the front of the street, because there if one side goes up Charles-street. Do not knock, I will look out for you. I wish you could make it convenient to go up west end between this and Sunday, to ascertain if that person has left, if you find he has, ask for the cook, and make all inquiries you can when he went, and further add, his wife sent you, then you will be able to judge for me. I must see him, but do not tell her so. Pray go if you can, and I will pay you. Also the parcel belongs to him, and Iam in fear he will find me out, for his brother see me cleaning the door-way yesterday. I am determined he shall not have it.
S.B.
WILLIAM GEORGE BREAVINGTON. I am a labourer. I have known the prisoner seven or eight months - I received this letter, which I believe came from her; I gave information to Thomas, and he took the measures he has stated - I received the parcel containing these spoons from the prisoner at the kitchen window, in Long-acre; I gave the letter to Mr. Thomas.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The witness persuaded me to do it on the Sunday evening, when I called at his house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
