




932. 




JOHN HARRIS
 and 




WILLIAM ATKINS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
6th of March, 1 purse, value 6d.; 4 sovereigns, 1 half-crown, 6 shillings, and 3 sixpences; the goods and monies of 



Harriet perry, from her person.







HARRIET PERRY
. I live at No. 7, Westminster-bridge-road, and am single. About two o'clock in the day, on the 6th of March, I was in water-lane, Blackfriars—there was a pressure on my left shoulder, and then on my right—I put my hand to my pocket, and my purse was gone, with our sovereigns and 10s.—I saw Harris, and I suppose he was one of those pressing—only two appeared to be pressing—Harris was one—the purse was on my right hand—he was on the right also—he was running way, and my purse was gone—he put his hand into my pocket I suppose—me one put his hand in—I am quite sure Harris was on the right—I do not know who was on the left.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. There was no crowd of people? A. No, nobody but two persons—I felt my purse taken from my pocket—told the Magistrate so—I do not know How many people have been taken up on this charge—I swore to Harris, because he had the same sort of clothes on that the boy had who was passing me—there were two other boys taken—they had not the same clothes on—I cannot say How they same to take them—I saw the other boys the next day at Guildhall, before the Magistrate—there were four brought up—I spoke to Harris—I said at the station-house that he was the same—I had never seen Harris before—hen I went to complain that I had lost my purse, I did not say that I had seen two boys dressed like Harris and Atkins, and they were near me—I only saw one, that was Harris—I was pressed on both sides at the same time—I have never found my purse nor money.

COURT. Q. You said you only saw two persons, and Harris was one; now you say only one? A. I was pressed by two persons, but I did not see two—the only person that I saw was Harris—I was frightened—I know him from his face and general appearance.





EDWARD NIMMO
. I am a butcher, and live at No. 6, Union-street. I was standing by my counting-house, and looked out of the shop—I saw Harris walk deliberately up to this lady, and put his hand into her pocket behind, or cut it, and take out a brown purse, and swing it round—I ran out, and said,"Madam, you are robbed"—I ran, and took Harris in Bride-lane—Atkins was there—I cannot say what situation he was in—they tripped me up, and I fell with Atkins—there were several of them about.

Cross-examined. Q. You were the first person who gave information to this lady? A. Yes—I do not know whether I knocked Atkins down—I threw Harris down—I do not know that I knocked him down—there were not many persons about the lady except these—there were a great many people in my shop—there were other people at the back of my shop—I suppose he handed the purse away—the same persons were brought up at Guildhall—I did not cause them to be taken—a man named Crawley took them—I did not tell him to take any other one—I was very much confused.
(Jacob Moses, No. 6, King-street, Commercial-road, dealer in Jewellery and watches, gave the prisoner Harris a good character.)

HARRIS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

ATKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.




Transported for Ten Years.
