






698. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WOOLHEAD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of February
, 1 silver box, value 1l.; 1 pair of spectacles, value 1l., and 1 gold pin, value 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Isidore 
                           Denizard
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
ISIDORE DENIZARD. I am a Frenchman - I am a hatter
, and live in Bond-street. I had been out to supper on the 16th of January, and was returning with McCarthy - we had been drinking a little; we met the prisoners about half-past one o'clock in the morning, in Hanover-street, Long-acre; they asked us to go with them - we went to a house in White Hart-yard, Drury-lane; we had something to drink there, then went to the Finish, and had some coffee and a few glasses of wine and water - my friend then left me, saying he was going up stairs; the prisoners took me over the way - they had some gin, but I did not drink much; I went with them to another public-house, but I would not have any thing there; when I left them it was about half-past six o'clock, and I then missed a brooch, a silver snuff box, and a pair of spectacles - I did not go into any room with either of the prisoners, and I had paid for what was drank; I recollect one of them seemed very careful of me at the Finish, and put her hand into my pocket; I then felt and my articles were safe, but I did not button my coat again, as I did not think they meant to rob me - these are my spectacles.


                  JUSTIN 
                  McCARTHY
               



            . I was with the prosecutor - we had been to Mr. West's, in Hornsey-lane; we spent the evening there; we afterwards met the prisoners, as he has described, and he treated them, but I did not partake of anything myself - when we went to the Finish I wished him to come away, as I was afraid he might be robbed - I went up stairs, as the waiter said there was a better room there; I told the prosecutor, if he did not come away I would take away his little French cane - I snatched it away, but I returned it to him; when I went up stairs I laid my head down and went to sleep - I am certain the prisoners are the persons that were with him when I left him; I had stood at an opposite table and watched them; I saw him take out his snuff-box and hand it round to them to take a pinch - when I awoke I came down, but he was gone.
Woolhead. Q. Did you not leave his company by four o'clock? A. I do not know - I think it was later than that; I did not partake of five glasses of brandy and water- I took a cup of coffee, and he said it was not good; I had a little wine and water, and it was like water.
Robinson. Q. Did you not come to me at Bow-street, and say, "If I were you, I would say nothing about his giving me the spectacles to pawn," and I said I would certainly do it, when before the Magistrate? A. I said the Policeman would refute that, and you had better say nothing about it.


                  FREDERICK 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Long-acre. I have a pair of silver spectacles, pawned by the two prisoners, on the 16th of January, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On the Monday evening I received information from Mr. McCarthy - from his description I knew the prisoners, and took them that night - they said they knew nothing about it, but the next morning they said that Mr. Denizard sent them to pawn his spectacles, as he had spent his last shilling, and that they had given the duplicate to him.

MR. DENIZARD. I had spent all my silver, but did not give them the spectacles to pawn.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Woolhead's Defence. When he gave 
               Robinson
             the spectacles to pawn, she wanted to take the case or he would not know them again - he said he should, as there was a French mark on them; he said he had no money - he put the duplicate of them into the spectacle-case - she gave him 4s. 6d. and 5 1/2d., and he told me to meet him in Jermyn-street, at eight o'clock the next night.
MR. DENIZARD. I did not tell her so. I had no duplicate brought to me - I lost the case with the spectacles.
ROBINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
WOOLHEAD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
