





365. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLINTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of January
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of a man unknown, from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARCH
               



            . My father is ward-beadle of St. Bride's. I am a fishing-tackle maker, and live in Fleet-street. On the 5th of January, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was standing talking to Lightfoot, the street-keeper, at the corner of Chancery-lane


; I saw the prisoner and another person on the opposite side of the way - I saw the prisoner put his hand into a gentleman's pocket, and take a handkerchief out, near the Temple-gate; I directlyran across and collared him - he immediately threw the handkerchief down; his companion went away directly -I kept hold of the prisoner, as Lightfoot was lame, and I could not go after the gentleman; he did not appear conscious of what had been done - he is unknown to me; Lightfoot picked up the handkerchief.
Prisoner. When you collared me I asked what you wanted. Witness. He did not ask what I wanted till after he got to the watch-house.


                  THOMAS 
                  LIGHTFOOT
               



            . I am a street-keeper. I was talking to March, and saw the prisoner and another close behind a gentleman - I said, "That fellow is picking a gentleman's pocket;" March ran across, and took him -I could not cross quick enough myself; I saw him pick the pocket - when I got across, March had got hold of him: the handkerchief was in the gutter - I had seen it fall from him; I took him to the watch-house and searched him, but found nothing on him - he was dressed as he is now; I called out to the gentleman, but could not make him hear, or if he did he took no notice - I am lame, and could not go after him; he appeared unconscions of its being taken.
JURY. Q. Did the prisoner throw it down, or drop it? A. He dropped it, 
apparently intentionally.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to see my aunt - I was returning along Fleet-street; they laid hold of me in a rough manner - I asked what was the matter; they said,"Never mind, we have been watching some of you;" they knocked my hat off, and the handkerchief fell out of it - he took it up, and said, "Who has lost a handkerchief?" I said I had not picked any body's pocket - he said, "Never mind that, you may take your leave of Fleet-street."


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARCH
               



            . He never pretended the handkerchief was his own.
THOMAS LIGHTFOOT. He never said it was his own.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
