





1360. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     FAGAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing. on the 27th of May
, 1 waistcoat, value 8s.; 2 shirts, value 5s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 pair of drawers, value 18d.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 2s. 4d.; 1 hat-cover, value 6d.; 1 collar, value 18d.; 1 tobacco-box, value 6d.; 1 stopper, value 2d.; 3 pencil-cases, value 1s.; 1 sovereign, and 10 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Marvell
                        



                     
                  , the younger; and 1 waistcoat, value 3s. 6d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s., and 1 handkerchief, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Marvell
                  



               
            , the elder.


                  GEORGE 
                  MARVELL
               



            , JUN. I live with my father. at Leicester. We were at the Three Tuns, in Brook-street, Holborn


 - this bundle was in our sleeping-room, on a table; we went to bed at half-past nine o'clock - I tried to lock the door, but it was not fast; any one might open it - I had seen the prisoner in the tap-room in the course of that evening, and sat in the same box with him; my father got up about eight o'clock the next morning, and the bundle was gone - the door was shut.

FRANCIS SAREFIELD


. I am an officer. On the night of the 27th of May I saw the prisoner crossing Charles-street, Hatton-garden; I followed him from there to Saffron-hill, and from there to West-street - he had a large bundle; I came up with him in West-street, about two o'clock in the morning - I asked what he had in the bundle; he said his own property - I asked what it was, and he could not tell me - I took him to the station; I found a sovereign and a 5s. piece, in a purse in his fob - also half a crown and some halfpence, and in the bundle was a soldier's discharge, which it seems he has purchased for 20l.; some of these articles were wrapped round his body, and the rest were in the bundle.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not tell you a man gave it him to carry? A. No, he said it was his own - I was an officer then, but I am now dismissed; I was fatigued, and not fit for duty, and the inspector thought me in liquor.


                  ANN 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I keep the public-house. The prosecutor lodged there that night - I saw the prisoner come in about nine o'clock, and leave about twelve.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see him leave? A. Yes - I did not see any bundle in his hand; I did not see any person go out with a bundle - my waiter let the prisoner out: I do not think he could have concealed all this property about him, without my knowing it.


                  GEORGE 
                  MARVELL
               



            , SEN. This is my property and my son's - I went to bed and to sleep.
Cross-examined. Q.Where was this property? A. On the table in the room.
Prisoner's Defence. When the officer took me there was a man and woman with me; I had seen them before, and the man said to me, "I have just left my mother, and am going with this woman to Saffron-hill;" I went with them to a house of ill-fame, and he told me to take care of this bundle, which I did - we came out together, and I was going to return the property to the man, when the officer came and said whose was it; I said mine while I had it - he then took me, and the man and woman decamped; the officer mentioned the man's name. and I believe he knew him perfectly well - he stated at the office that he was a country man of his.


                  FRANCIS 
                  SAREFIELD
               



            . There was another man. whom I had taken before, and when I took this prisoner he escaped.


                  FRANCIS 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am waiter at the house. I let the prisoner out - I held the candle while the door was opened; he had no bundle - he could not have had such a bundle as this without my seeing it; I am positive he had no bulky appearance - our house is visited by hawkers and others.
COURT. Q.What time did he come? A. I cannot say - two persons went out just after him; they were the last three that went out - they all went out before I closed the door; they went out together, within a minute or two - I did not rub them down; none of them had any bulky appearance - none of them had a bundle of this dimension, but the things might he divided; I looked at them all as they passed - I do not know whether the prisoner had been drinking with them; I have tap-room, parlour, and all to attend to - it was about twelve o'clock when they went: it was not later - I can swear they did not go out in company.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
