





1084. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, 1 coat, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edmund 
                     Keene
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WALLER
               



            . I am coachman to Mr. 
               
                  Edmund 
                  Keene
               



            . I left this coat on the box of the carriage on the 17th of April under the gateway of our yard, at Camden-town


, about four o'clock in the afternoon.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LOCK
               



            . I live at Camden-town. On the 17th of April, about ten minutes past four o'clock, I saw two young men in Bayley-street - the prisoner was one, and he had a large box-coat; I watched, and saw his companion beckon him to go round by the Red Cap - I followed them up the North-road, and when he was going to break out of my road, I asked what he would take for the coat - he made no answer, but called to his companion and said, "This young man wants to buy the coat" his companion said, "It is not for sale, and what do you want with it?" I said I thought they might have it for sale - I followed them on to another road, and asked a man where there was a Police-man; he said higher up -I then saw them get into a field; the other got away - I followed the prisoner, but lost sight of him in a hayrick yard - I waited, and he came out without the coat; I hid myself, thinking he would come back for it, which he did - I asked him what he had done with the coat; he said he had had no coat, and if he had he should not tell me- I collared him, and beckoned to two Police-men, whom I saw; he saw them, and struck me twice in the face -I turned upon him, and the officer came and took him; the coat was just by him.


                  ROBERT 
                  GLASS
               



            . I was going to the station-house,about half-past four o'clock; the two men were fighting - I took the prisoner and this coat.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
