





423. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PAVEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of January
, 1 wind instrument, called a horn, value 5s.; and 5 dozen of fireworks, called squibs, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gould
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
JOHN GOULD. I travel with a waggon, and keep fairs, and sell all kinds of trinkets
 - I do not deal in fireworks, but I have had some by me for two years - on the 25th of January, I was at Hackney


, where I live - I was ill in bed, but from information I received, I sent to the waggon for the fireworks; and my daughter said they were gone, and the horn also - the prisoner was in my service at the time - he ran away - I have not seen the property since.


                  SARAH 
                  GOULD
               



            . My father sent me to the waggon for the fireworks, and we missed five dozen of them - I went back, and the prisoner was gone - my father paid him 2s. a week, and his board and lodging - when I went to the waggon I saw the horn on the second shelf in the cupboard, and when I went again it was gone - I saw the prisoner again the same night - he came, and called out - I ran out, and caught hold of him - he threatened to knock me down - I called my father, who came and took hold of him, but a mob came and rescued him - we saw no more of him till the 29th, when my father got sight of him in the City-road, and had him taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KITE
               



            . I am a gardener, and live at Hackney- I know the prosecutor's waggon very well - I saw the prisoner go into it on the 25th of January - I looked in at the back of the show, and saw him take away the horn and the mouth-organ, which he said belonged to himself - I did not see him take any fireworks.
Prisoner. He was looking through a magnifying-glass, he could not see me. Witness. No: I was looking through a broken pane of glass.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WARD
               



            . I saw the prisoner on the Friday evening with some fireworks.


                  RICHARD 
                  HAWKS
               



             (police-constable N 40). I took the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent. On the night I left him I was engaged by another show-man; he thought I was a little hinderance to him, and he gave me in charge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
