



264. 




JAMES WALTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of December, at 

St. James, Westminster, 9 engraved copper-plates, value 94l.; and 1 engraved steel plate, value 10l.; the goods of 



Henry Graves and another, in the dwelling-house of 



Richard Hodgson.







HENRY GRAVIS
. I am a publisher and printseller, in partnership with Richard Hodgson, in Pall-mall. On the 8th of December I received in formation, and missed nine copper plates and one steer plate, which I had had in my possession—they were for a work of Sir Joshua Reynolds, in the course of publication—they would cost upwards of one hundred guineas to replace—from information I received, I went to Mr. Morris, in Holy well-street, Strand, and found the plates there—that was last Friday, the 8th of December—I have no recollection of the prisoner—the plates had been returned from the printer on the 5th of December, and the last time I saw them they were lying on the counter in my shop.





HENRY MONTRION
. I am in the employ of Mr. Dugdale, a bookseller. I superintend a shop which he has at No. 94, Drury-lane—on the 8th of this month I was sitting in the shop, and the prisoner came in—I had met him in the street before, and knew him as a collector of books—he said he had some copper plates, and undid a parcel and showed them to me—he asked if I could inform him where he could dispose of them, or ascertain the value of them—I looked at some of them, and said I did not know the value, nor where to dispose of them—he packed them up, and would have gone out, but Mr. Dugdale came in and asked him what he had there—he showed them to Mr. Dugdale, and he delivered them into his hands.

Prisoner. Q. How long have you known me? A. Four years—I have bought books of you occasionally—it is some time since I bought any, but I have bought books several times of you—I did not buy one on Friday morning—I know a person named Mason, and Hart—I have bought books of them, as Well as others.

Q. I believe you were threatened with a prosecution for buying the Sporting Magazine, which you knew to be stolen? A. I knew nothing relating to it—I was never prosecuted, nor threatened with a prosecution—I have been in the Royal Marines—I was not discharged for using seditious expressions—1 have a pension now.





WILLIAM DUGDALE
. I came in while the prisoner was with Montrion in my shop—he was in the act of tying up the plates—(I went in from in formation I had received)—having forbidden him the place I said, "What are these?"—he said, "Nine copper and one steel plates"—I said, "How have you been making these?"—he said, "I have been making them with my own hands"—I looked at them, and saw they were valuable—I asked him what he wanted for them—he said, 30s.—3s. each was not too much—I told him I could not spare 30s., and if I could I should not like to have them on the premises—he replied, that if he could not sell them, he thought the better way would be to take them home, hammer them up, and sell them for old copper—I said it was a pity to throw away such valuable property to sell for old copper, and rather than he should do that I would see what I could do with them in the way of disposing of them—having an acquaintance with Morris, in Holy well-street, I sent for him to know the value, and in the mean time the prisoner said he must have 1s. as he wanted something to eat, and he would leave them if I would lend him 1s.—I lent him 1s.—he said he would call in a quarter of an hour, which he did, and I introduced Morris to him—it was agreed that he should call at Morris's house and make a bargain about them—he left my house, leaving the plates in my possession—they were not opened in the prisoner's presence, but they were given to Morris, who took them away

in the prisoner's presence—he was to take them home, ascertain the value, and the prisoner was to call in a quarter of an hour, when Morris would tell him if he would buy them, and at what price—Morris gave information to the prosecutor.

Prisoner. Q. I believe you bare purchased many things of me? A. Not many—I have several—not within the last fortnight—I have not bought the Pickwick Papers of you—I forbid you the place, in consequence of your having been sentenced in October Sessions for a similar offence.

Q. You have been prosecuted yourself, I believe twice, at the instance of the Society for the Suppression of Vice? A. More than that, but never for any felony.

Prisoner. He told Montrion he thought it not safe himself to bay any thing of me, but through the medium of him. Witness. I told Montrion, that having forbidden him the place, in consequence of his conviction, I would have nothing more to do with him, and was astonished at his audacity in coming to my shop—I gave him the 1s. to prevent the plates being broken up.





EDWARD JOSEPH MORRIS
. I am a printer and print publisher. On Friday last I was sent for by Mr. Dugdale, and saw the prisoner at his shop—I removed the plates, and took them home, and told the prisoner to call on me in a quarter of an hour—when I examined the plates I suspected they were not honestly come by, being valuable, and when the prisoner came I was denied to him—I hastened out of my private door and gave Mr. Graves information—I brought him into my shop, and gave the prisoner into custody with the plates.

Prisoner. Q. Have you been in the habit of printing for Mr. Dugdale? A. Certainly.

MR. GRAVES
re-examined. On receiving information I went to Morris's shop—he went up stairs and brought the plates down—I knew them to be mine—I saw the prisoner when I came into the shop, and heard the conclusion of the bargain—I had waited an hour and a half up stairs, and when the prisoner came I came out at the private door and re-entered the shop—I heard the conclusion of the bargain, which was that he was to give 1l. for the ten plates—12s. that day and 8s. the next—I desired Morris to call him into the back place, which he did—I followed and asked him where he got the plates—he said he bought them somewhere in the New Cut, and if I would accompany him he would take me to the person—I insisted on calling in a policeman—I sent Mr. Dugdale for one, who was on the premises, and he came and took the prisoner and the plates.





CORNELIUS WHITE
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody at Morris's, with the plates, which I produce.





JOHN GIBBS
. I am porter to Mr. Lee, a copper-plate printer. I know these plates—I saw them last on Tuesday, the 5th—I packed them up is our warehouse, with 50 sets of prints, and left them with Mr. Graves.

MR. GRAVES
re-examined. They are the property of myself and partner—it is a portion of a work of 300 plates, and these ten would spoil the set—this number was only published in the present month.

Prisoner's Defence. I an innocent of stealing the plates—I was entrusted with them by a person whom I have long known—I have known the wit nesses Montrion and Dugdale—they were in the habit of buying goods of me—I offered them to Montrion, who said he could not do any thing with

me—while talking, Dugdale came in, and, having looked over them, said he thought they would suit a person whom he knew—he sent, and told me to call again, which I did, and was introduced to Morris, who told me to call on him, which I did, and, having some conversation with him, was taken into the back room, when he told me they were stolen, and introduced me to Mr. Graves, who claimed them as his property—I offered to take them to the person I had them of—Mr. Graves admits he has no knowledge of me—on being taken into custody I offered to show the policeman where I had them—I could have no motive in deceiving him or Mr. Graves—I was in the greatest distress, my wife and daughter having had no sustenance from Wednesday night till Friday morning, and they are both patients of the Surrey Dispensary—under all these circumstances, I humbly trust you will perceive that I had no hand in stealing them—I was induced to try and sell them to get a trifle to procure bread for my distressed wife and child, without any criminal intention—the character of the witness Dugdale is very well known—from what I have, stated 1 hope you will consider the circumstances—I leave my case in your hands.

MR. GRAVES
re-examined. A book-collector would know these were valuable I should suppose—our names are under one of them—Mr. Hodgson resides on the premises.




GUILTY
.* Aged 26.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Littledale.

