





1463. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     HARRISON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of June
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watch-key, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s., and 1 sovereign, the property of 
                     
                        Joseph Smith



                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a seaman
 on board the Jose Maria. On the 22nd of June, between twelve and one o'clock at night, I was in Ratcliff-highway


, going home; the prisoner saw me, and asked where I was going; I said home - she said, "Come along with me;" I told her to go along, as I did not want her - she then took hold of my watch, and snatched it out; I said, "Give me my watch;" she said,"Get out, you d-d fool;" it rained very much - I got the officer, and gave her in charge; when I got her to the watch-house I missed the sovereign and the handkerchief from my pocket; I had been to my captain, and had received the money to pay the people in the morning - the sovereign was tied in the corner of the handkerchief; there were two other women close to the prisoner, when she took my watch, and they went away.
Prisoner. I never saw the watch; you took me to a public-house, and gave me some gin. Witness. I never gave you any thing, nor took you any where - I laid hold of you, and kept you till the officer came.


                  ARCHIBALD 
                  CHAMBERLAIN
               



            . I am an officer. About half-past twelve o'clock that night the prosecutor called me, and said he had lost his watch - I took the prisoner, and found on her this handkerchief, which she said he lent her to wipe her month after drinking gin.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw the prosecutor sitting on the step of a door; he was very tipsy, and his clothes were loose - he said, "I have been having a sleep;" he got up and took me to a public-house to have some gin - he felt his pockets, and said he had no money; the landlord took the gin up again - he then felt in his pockets, found 6d., and paid that - we then came out; it rained very heavy, and he put the handkerchief round me; he asked if he could go home with me - I said, No, as a female slept with me; he said he could not get into his lodging - I said I could not help that; he then said he had lost his watch, and gave me in charge of the officer; I stood by him till he came, and then I was taken; the next day he said he had lost a sovereign, and his landlady said he had only half a sovereign.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I had not given her any thing, nor lent her the handkerchief.


                  ARCHIBALD 
                  CHAMBERLAIN
               



            . The prosecutor was perfectly collected, and told his story as he has to-day.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
