






133. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROTHERIDGE
                  




               
             & 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of November
, 20 lbs. weight of sugar, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Clark
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Lyford
                  



               
             Salter.


                  ALEXANER 
                  BROWN
               



             (Police-constable D 129). On the 15th of November, in consequence of information from 
               
                  John 
                  Sayers
               



            , I observed Brown driving a waggon in Wigmore-street; I lifted up the tarpauling, and saw the leg of a man - I followed the waggon, which went up Edward-street, into Portman-square - the horses were stopped in Baker-street, by the prisoner Brown; I did not hear him speak, but thought he did -I observed his lips moving; he immediately drove the horses on, and I saw Brotheridge come from under the tarpauling in his shirt-sleeves; I told Brown to stop the horses, which he did - I got up into the waggon, and Brotheridge said, "So help me God, master, all is right;" I found the bung of the hogshead of sugar half way up, and found this bag; he said, it was only a little he had got for his own use - they said they were going to deliver it; I asked Brotheridge what he had been doing there - he said he had been asleep; I said it was strange to go to sleep without his jacket and hat - the waggon went to Mr. Salter's.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was any person present at this conversation? A. Yes, Sayers and my brother officer, who was not bound over - Sayers is not here; I did not ask Brown whose servant he was, but I asked if Brotheridge was regularly employed, and he said No.


                  GEORGE 
                  LYFORD SALTER
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live in East-street, Dorset-street, Manchester-square


. On the 28th of November, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, Brown came into the shop, and said he had brought two hogsheads of sugar, that a very unpleasant circumstance had occurred, for he had brought a man to assist him, and the Policeman had discovered that he had been taking sugar out of the hogshead; I thought it was a trifling circumstance, and desired the waggon to be brought to the door; I then saw several Policeman, and one in the waggon, who was examining the nose-bags; they then showed me the hogshead - the tin was off the drawing-hole, and some lumps of moist sugar were in the waggon - the tin had been forcibly removed, but was not entirely taken off; I took a sample from the bag and the hogshead - there were 22 1/2 lbs. of sugar in the bag; we did not weigh the hogshead, but it was nearly full, and as full as many hogsheads - we found it was a rocky hogshead, being in large lumps, so that if the tin had been removed, this quantity of sugar could not have got out without some hand - I received the hogsheads from Clark, the carman; I had paid 72l. for them, but he was answerable for the safe delivery.
Cross-examined. Q. Is Clark here? A. No, his name is Thomas; I believe I never had a hogshead with the tin robbed off.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OLDFIELD
               



            . I am the regular driver of Mr. Thomas Clark's waggon - I was employed on his account to remove this sugar; on the 15th of November; I took in one hogshead at the East London-docks, and one at the West India-dock - they were in a perfect state, and the tin safe over the bung; I met with an accident, from a pully falling on me, and employedBrown to drive the waggon, and gave my papers to the foreman to deliver my load - they were quite safe when I received them, and I do not think the tins could have been chafed off - I should have gone alone.
Cross-examined. Q. Is it not the custom sometimes for a carman to ask another to give him a lift? A. Yes, I could not have taken out the hogsheads myself, but there are men standing about in the trade, and sometimes the grocers men would do it; the tins will chafe off at times in going along; I have known Brown three years - he bore an honest character; I know Mr. Clark's name is Thomas, by his bills, and his name is on the waggon - he has no partner.
Brotheridge's Defence. I picked up the sugar for my own use - I had my smock-frock on.
JURY to 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  OLDFIELD
               



            . Q. Is the bag the sugar is in a nose-bag? A. No, but there were nosebags in the waggon, and this is the same sort of stuff as they are made of.
COURT. Q. Was this bag in the waggon at all? A. No, I do not know any thing about it; the bag I carry my meat in is very much like it - bags are so much alike I cannot tell.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
BROTHERIDGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
