






497. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     HILL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     ERLE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of January
, 1 shawl, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Humphreys
                  




               
            .


                  HENRIETTA 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Humphreys
               



             - we live in Hornsey-lane


. On the 29th of January, at one o'clock, I was in one of our parlours on the ground floor, and saw Erle walk away from the other parlour window; I followed him down to the gate across our little garden - he crossed the road, and gave something to the other prisoner against a wall; they went on, and I called my husband - we both went in pursuit; I saw them drop the shawl between them about forty yards from the house - my husband took Erle, but Hill was not caught till they got into Holloway - this is the shawl; it had been safe in my parlour, and the window had been shut five minutes before, when I was there, but I found it open.


                  ISAAC 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I heard the alarm, and pursued the prisoners - they had dropped the shawl before I saw them; they were both in company - I pursued, and took Erle.
Hill's Defence. I am a plasterer, but being out of work, I get my living by selling things in the street
; as I was coming by that place I saw this lady, who asked me if I had been with this lad - I said No; I then went away, and her husband came afterwards and took me.
HILL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
ERLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
