



2286. 




JAMES SMITH
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of September, 1 gelding, price 22l.; the property of 



Thomas Canning, clerk.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN GRAY
. I am groom to the Rev. Thomas Canning, of Elsenham, in Essex, five miles from Bishop's Stortford. At nine o'clock in the evening, on the 5th of September, I saw his gelding safe in the stable, which has a double door to it—the next morning, about half-past five o'clock, I missed it—I saw it again, on the 26th of September, at Bury St. Edmunds, in the stable of William Parish, and claimed it.
—JOHNSONS At the beginning of September I was at Dixon's Repository, at Barbican—the prisoner brought a horse up the yard—I asked him the price of it—he said he would put no price on it that day, it should go to the hammer and be sold to the best bidder—it was left there and sold the next day.





FRANCIS DUKES
. I am clerk to Mr. Dixon, at the Repository in Barbican. I remember this horse being brought there, it was sold the next day for nine guineas to Watts, and he transferred it to Robert Hedges—I cannot swear that the prisoner brought it.





ROBERT HEDGES
. I live in Edmond-street, King's-cross. On the 7th of December Watts bought the gelding at Dixon's, and transferred him to me—I sold him to James Hipper for 13l., less half-a-crown.





JAMES HIPPER
. I keep a livery-stable in Cooper-street, City-road On the 7th of September I bought the gelding of Hedges, and sold it to Parish, at Harley-bush-fair, on the 10th of September, for 22l.





WILLIAM PARISH
. I live at Bury St. Edmund's, and keep a public house. I deal in horses—I bought this gelding for 22l., at Harley-bush-fair—the prosecutor's servant came and identified it—it is now at livery in London in my name—I am sure I do not know the name of the place, but I can find it—the officer knows where it is, he put it there.





THOMAS LAIDLER
. I am a porter. I carried a note to Mr. Dixon's clerk, at the Repository—this is it—(looking at one)— the prisoner gave it to me at the top of Cheapside, opposite Mr. Dennett's, on Monday, the 10th of September—he told me to take it to Dixon's and bring back a small parcel to him in St. Martin's-le-grand—I brought him a letter back, sealed up, and gave it to him—(note read.)
"Romford, Sept. 1st, 1838. "Sir—Please to give the bearer the amount for the bay gelding, sold at

your Repository on Friday last—Please enclose it in paper; by so doing you will much oblige, &c. T. F."





WILLIAM GOWER
. I am clerk at the Repository. I received the note from Laidler, on Monday, the 11th of September—a cheque had been prepared for the money—I enclosed it in a letter, watered it, and delivered it to Laidler.

Prisoner's Defence. I was never one day from duty from her Majesty's Customs, to which I belong, from the 28th of January to the 11th of September, when I became sick, and went on the doctor's list till the 15th.





WILLIAM MAULDEN
. I am a tide-surveyor in the Customs. I was at the Custom-house in London, at the beginning of September—I was there on the 4th—I cannot say whether I was there on the 5th or 6th, because every third day we are absent—I know the prisoner, he is a tide-waiter in the Customs—I cannot say that I saw him on the 4th—I did not see him on the 5th.

Prisoner. It is on the 10th they accused me of applying for the money for the horse, and I was then lying off Gravesend—I have nobody to prove I was on duty.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fifteen Years more.

Third Jury, before Mr. Justice Williams.
