





119. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DIGGINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of November
, 2 sheets of paper, value 1d., and 14 pairs of drawers, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bousfield
                  




               
             and others; and that he had been before convicted of felony, by the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Thompson
               



            .


                  CHARLES 
                  THOROGOOD
               



            . I am a City-officer. On the afternoon of the 23rd of November, I observed a truck near the Royal Exchange


, drawn by two men, and two men were following it behind - I walked on to the end of the Exchange, by the Mansion-house, when I saw the prisoner lift up the tarpauling which was over the truck, and draw out this parcel; I took him into custody.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. How long have you been an officer? A.Ten years - I have never been suspended; the prisoner had not got more than twenty yards from me - I had not lost sight of him; I asked him what he had got, and he said he did not choose to answer - when I asked him again, he said a gentleman gave it him to carry from Wood-street, Cheapside, to his house - he did not say to the Spread Eagle; I asked where he lived - he said in Wood-street, Spitalfields; I asked where the gentleman lived - he said he did not know; he did not ask me to go to Gracechurch-street - I went according to the direction on the parcel, to Cheapside, to ask whether they expected such a parcel, and they said they did; the truck was going towards Cheapside, and the prisoner towards Whitechapel: it was dark, but the lamps were lighted.


                  EDWARD 
                  HITCHCOCK
               



            . I packed up this parcel - it contained the articles stated in the indictment; they are the property of William and 
               
                  John 
                  Bousfield
               



             and others, of Houndsditch.
Cross-examined. Q.What are you? A. I am their warehouseman: I know this parcel by my own writing on it, and the drawers have my figures on them.


                  JOHN 
                  LUDFORD
               



            . I placed this parcel in the truck with other goods, which I received at the warehouse.
Cross-examined. Q.This was covered with a tarpauling, was it not? A. Yes, and that was tied down - no one could have got the parcel without lifting up the tarpauling.
Prisoner's Defence. What the officer states is all false - he asked what I had; I said I did not know, but a gentleman gave it to me to carry to the Spread Eagle - I asked him to go there, but he declined.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DRANE
               



            . I produce a certificate, which I got at Mr. Clark's office; (read) - I was present in April last, and saw the prisoner tried here by the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Thompson
               



            ; I apprehended him, and know he is the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
