






269. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     NELSON
                  




               
             was indicted that she, on the 29th of November

, feloniously, maliciously, and by force, did 


               take away a certain female child, named 
                     
                        Rosina 
                        Dobby
                     



                  , of the age of five years, with intent to deprive 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Dobby
                     



                  , the parent of the said child, of the possession of the said child
            , against the Statue.
2d COUNT for 


               taking away the said child with intent to steal 1 cloak, value 4s.; 1 frock, value 3s.; 2 petticoats, value 3s.; 1 shift, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of socks, value 6d.; 1 pair of half-boots, value 2s.; 1 cap, value 1s. 6d.; and 1 bonnet, value 2s., the goods of the said Elizabeth Dobby, upon and about the person of the said child
            .
3d COUNT for feloniously stealing the said articles.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DOBBY
               



            . I am a widow
 - I keep a lodging-house

 in Crown-court, Fleet-street



 - I have a child, named Rosina; she is five years old - on the 29th of November, the prisoner came and asked if I would buy a shovel - I said "No" - I then missed my child immediately - I had seen the prisoner before; but did not know her name, nor where she lived - it was about eight o'clock at night - my child had a bonnet and cloak on, and her cloak was gone when I found her again in about three hours after.


                  DIANA 
                  OWEN
               



            . I live at No. 14, Crown-court - I know the prosecutrix and her child - on the evening of the 29th of November, I saw the child in the prisoner's arms, about twenty minutes past eight o'clock, at the bottom of Crown-court - I had been on an errand - the prisoner stopped me, and asked me to give her a penny - I said I had not got one - she said I had plenty of money in my hand - I said it was not mine - she said she had been to Mrs. Dobby's, and sold her a shovel, and she had given her leave to take the child to Holborn - I am sure the child had a cloak on then.
EMMA CLARK. I was passing, and saw the prisoner talking to Owen - the child had the cloak on.


                  ELIZA 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I saw this child, between nine and ten o'clock that night, crying bitterly, on the step of a door in Gray's-inn-lane, without any cloak - I did not see the prisoner at all - I took her to my laundress, who knew the child, and took it home.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DOBBY
               



            . My child had a brown cloak on, which cost twelve shillings - she had all her other clothes on when she was brought back; they were worth fourteen or fifteen shillings.


                  ELEANOR 
                  GROOM
               



            . On the 29th of November Mrs. Johnson came to me and brought the child - I took her home - as we were going down Fetter-lane, the child told me that a woman took away her cloak, and told her to sit there till she came back.


                  EDMUND 
                  REA
               



             (police-constable F 37). On the evening of the 30th of November the prisoner was given into my custody by a young woman in Shoe-lane - when I took the child to the prisoner, she said, "That is the woman who took my cloak."
Prisoner's Defence (written)."As I was coming near Temple-bar going to my mother, a woman in the street asked me for a pin - at the same time a policeman came up to me, saying he wanted to speak to me - I asked him what he wanted, and went with him to a house that belonged to my prosecutrix, who told him to take me, as I was suspected of stealing a child's cloak - I told him I had not seen any child - my prosecutrix and her child, who is between four and five years of age, came; when she asked the child if that was the woman? - the child said "Yes," although I had never seen her - at the station-house, the woman, who keeps a bad house, told them I went to her to ask her to buy a shovel, which I can solemnly declare I never was in her house, or spoke to her in my life till then - my prosecutrix sent for a person, I believe her servant, who stated she saw me standing near the child, at the bottom of Gloster-court, Holborn - the child was found at her grandmother's, who is living in the court, and keeps a bad house - I was remanded; and in my second hearing the magistrate asked my prosecutrix if she had any one to speak besides her child? - she said "No" - the person who brought the child home said she was alone in Gloster-court - the magistrate asked her where she lived? - she said in Waterloo-road - he then asked her what brought her there at night? - she said she was going on business - the magistrate said she was there in the morning - she was very near when she was wanted for the prosecutrix brought her in a few minutes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
