



991. 




ELIZABETH HARRIS
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering and publishing a forged and counterfeit authority, to receive the pension of 



Richard Stockings, as follows—"I hereby authorise Elizabeth Harris to receive my pension now due—Dated this 3rd day of October, 1836—Rd. Stockings, X his mark—Witness, Wm. Twisden, 47, Elliott's-row, Southwark"—with intent to defraud our Lord the King—well knowing the tame to be forged.—3 other COUNTS varying the manner of hying the charge.


MESSRS. ADOLPHUS and GURNEY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN SMITH GRAHAM
. I am paymaster of the Greenwich out-pensioners. My office is on Tower-hill—I did not know Richard Stockings—I know the prisoner—I think the first time I saw her was about two years and a half ago—she came by herself and received Stockings's pension—she continued to receive it afterwards—it was payable quarterly—she came on the 3rd of October last, and produced this paper to me, and upon that, she was Paid the pension, 8l. 7s. by my pay-clerk in my presence—this is his writing on it—on the 3rd of January I saw the prisoner again at my office, and either I or my clerk told her we understood that Stockings was dead—she said she could not understand how the report originated, for she had seen him alive and well, about an hour ago.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What age was Stockings? A. I believe about seventy-three—I understand he lived in the prisoner's house.





SAMUEL LOUBRIDGE BELLAMY
. I am a medical man, and live in Bridge-house-place, Southwark. I knew Richard Stockings, the pensioner, about

six years ago—he was then about seventy, I suppose—he then lived in Little Union-street, and had a wife—in consequence of an application from his wife, I went to see him—he was in an infirm state; confined to his bed with rheumatic gout, and could not go out—I gave my certificate of his illness to his wife, to be presented at the Pension Office—he was not living in the prisoner's house then—they afterwards removed to Ropemaker's walk, and afterwards to the prisoner's house in the Mint—the prisoner began to accompany his wife to get the certificate renewed about two yean and a half ago—she came about twice in company with the wife—afler that •he came to me and said Mr. Stockings wished to see me; that his wife had ill-used him, and he did not wish me to give her any further certificates—I went and saw him, and he confirmed what the prisoner said—in conesquence of that, I delivered the certificates to the prisoner every quarter, at the applied for them—she had been to me subsequent to July last—I invariably inquired of her about the deceased every quarter she applied for the certificate, as they had represented he was going to the hospital—I always inquired of the prisoner why he was not got into the hospital, and inquired about his health—she said, in October, that they had not been able to get him into Greenwich hospital—in October last I gave her this certificate—the only writing of mine on this certificate is that above my signature—there was nothing else on the paper at the time I gave the certificate—I only wrote the certificate and signature—(reads)—"I hereby certify that Mr. Richard Stockings is prevented applying for his pension, being confined to his bed with rheumatic gout. (Signed) S. L. BELLAMY. Dated October 3rd, 1836"—when I had written that, I delivered it to her—it was my own paper—there was nothing on it before I wrote on it.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you last see Stockings? A. About two years ago, I think—he was then bed-ridden—I did not speak to him about going to the hospital—he required attention—his limbs were affected—he could feed himself, but was obliged to be helped in and out of bed—I do not know whether his wife is alive—the last time I saw her was about two years ago—she was not attending on him then, but the prisoner was.





JAMES RATCLIFFE
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Union-street, London-road. I knew the prisoner as a neighbour for about twelve months—she lived about a dozen yards from my house—I did not know Stockings—I understood from her that he was a pensioner, and have heard her call to Mr. Stockings—in July last she asked me if I would go on an errand for her to pledge a bed, for some money to buy a coffin to put Stockings under the ground—I did so and got a sovereign—she told me she had paid 12s. for a coffin—I saw the funeral come out of the door, on the 15th of July, I think, for I pawned the bed on the 14th—she did not tell me where he was buried.

Cross-examined. Q. What kind of a house did the prisoner life in?. A. A two-roomed house—I believe she has two daughters—when I went with the money, she asked me if I would go up and see Stockings, and went up and saw the corpse—she seemed very much cut up.


MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Her daughters are married? A. Yes.





THOMAS DUNCKLEY
. I am an undertaker, and live in Tower-street, Westminster-road. In July last the prisoner came to me with a printed parish order for the funeral of Stockings, (I am undertaker for the parish of St. John,) for which I was to find a deal coffin to put him into, to cover it with a pall, and carry him to the grave—that is the humblest mode of burial—I went to her house and saw the body, and agreed with her to

receive 12s. from her beyond what the parish allowed, and I was to find an elm coffin, perfectly plain, without any ornaments outside, or any thing inside I took it myself, and she paid me for it—I would not leave it without the money, for the house was in a most distressing state—I helped to carry the body to the grave—I met her about a month after the funeral in the neighbourhood, and she asked me if I would write on a piece of paper, stating as to when Stockings died, and to place it, to the best of my recollection, backwards or forwards, that she might obtain the pension—I rather think it was forwards—I was to state his name and age, when he died, and when he was buried—I refused giving her any thing but a correct copy from the parish order.

Cross-examined. Q. What did she say about backwards or forwards? A. Her intention was to have it forward—I said I would write her a correct B. copy, and leave it for her to call for—that was all that pawed then—I did C. so, and it laid there a month.

MR. BELLAMY
re-examined. Q. There is a fold in this paper; will you undertake to swear, when you signed it, it was not folded in that manner? A. Yes, I will—I recollect that it was not—it was a sheet of paper out of my own desk.





SAMUEL THINTLE
. I am a clerk in the Admiralty Office. I produce an Admiralty order for Richard Stockings to receive an out-pension—I know the hand-writing of the Lords of the Admiralty who have signed it—his pension was 33l. 8s.

DASH. I am cousin to George Dash, who was chief clerk in the wages department, Navy Office, Somerset-house. He is dead—I know; his hand-writing—this is his signature—I frequently, saw him write—this is called a certificate of service, and describes Richard Stockings at having been a midshipman, purser, and clerk.




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—Recommended to mercy.—


Transported for Seven Years.
