





332. 
               
                  
                     ALICE 
                     NANKERVILLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of October
, 1 pair of stockings, value 3s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 10s.; 3 waistcoats, value 2s.; 2 pictures and frames, value 2s.; and 1 shirt, value 1s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           George Augustus 
                           Kollman
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  AUGUSTUS KOLLMAN
               



            . I am organist of His Majesty's German Chapel
, and live in St. James' Palace


; the prisoner lived from July to October in my service, but she had been three years in my father's service; we gave her a good character to a gentleman in Welbeck-street, but about two months after she left us, suspicion arose - she was taken, and some duplicates were found on her, which were found to relate to my property.


                  THOMAS 
                  PHILPOTT
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Bermondsey-street. I have a shirt and two waistcoats pawned on the 21st of October - I do not know the prisoner.
MILLIAM MOWER. I am the officer; I took the prisoner, and found on her four duplicates, one of which is for these articles.
J - 
               
                  ROBINSON 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker. I have two waistcoats; I am not sure who pawned them, but I have a counter-duplicate - one of these relate to these waistcoats.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HEWITS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; I have three pictures, a pair of trousers, a pair of gaiters, and a waistcoat, which were pawned by the prisoner.
MR. KOLLMAN. These are my property; she left me about the middle of October.
Prisoner's Defence. They were given to me by a man in the employ of Mr. Kollman, for cleaning the chapel.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
