




1698. 




CHARLES THOMAS
 and 




JOHN WILSON, alias
 Joseph Banks

, were indicted for

 stealing on the 
10th of June, 1 purse, value 6d. the goods of 



Sarah Nicholls: and 16 shillings, and 4 sixpences, the monies of 



Henry Locock.






SARAH NICHOLLS
. I live with Mr. Henry Locock, of Myddleton-square. Mr. Brown was our chimney-sweeper—on the 10th of June, I saw the prisoner in the kitchen—they had then finished sweeping the chimney as far as they could—they said they were too large to get up—they wanted to no away and get a little boy, but we missed a purse, and some money, which had been in the dresser-drawer, in the kitchen?—I had seen it secure the evening before—it was then clean, and no one been in the house but me and the servants—we had been absent from the kitchen, and when we returned the purse was gone—the prisoners then wanted to go away—they went into the hall to go—I said, I was sure they had robbed me of the money—I locked the door, and sent the housemaid up to tell my master—I stood in the hall—Thomas then went down and said he would go and sweep the soot up—he was down for some time—I saw the purse after it was found—they said, they came from Mr. Brown—this is my purse.





JEMIMA LOCKWOOD
, I am in the service of Mr. Locock. At a quarter-past five o'clock the prisoners came to the area gate, and rang the bell—they walked down into the front kitchen—I went into the back kitchen and left them thee—I went into the kitchen again, and came out again, and then Sarah Nicholls told me to go and look for the, money—it was not there, nor the purse—I said they must have got the money—they denied knowing any thing about it—I asked if they came from Mr. Brown—they said, yes they did—they said, they were too big, they would go and fetch a little boy—I said they should not go—I went and told my master—he came down soon after—the purse was at last found by the nurse under the platebasket, under the dresser, all over soot.





MARY ANN HEWETT
. I am the nurse. I had seen the purse and money in the drawer, the evening before—the purse was quite clean then—it

contained four sixpences, and sixteen shillings—I found it at last under the dresser, behind the plate-basket.





JAMES BROWN
. I am a sweeper. I did not send the prisoners to that house—they never worked for me—I know nothing about them—they had not swept the chimney at all, and could not—they were too large.

Wilson. We had not been in the house any time before she accused us of taking a purse—the gentleman came and searched us—I gave him all the money I had, which was 3s. 1d.—I said I had not seem this money, nor the purse not had we.
(Ann King gave the prisoner Thomas a good character.)

THOMAS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Seven Years.
