



1264. 




RICHARD MARSHALL
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking ad entering the dwelling-house of 



James Bruton, on the 
11th of January, at 
St. Dunstan, Stebonheath, alias stepney, and stealing therein 2 coats, value 2l.; 2 waistcoats, value 10s.; 2 pairs of trowsers, value 16s.; 3 shirts, value 10s.; 3 spoons, value 15s.; 21 yards of cotton, value 14s; 1 shawl, value 13s.; 1 pair of boots, Value 5s.; 4 gowns, value 1l. 9s.; 7 yards of lace, value 1s.; 2 petticoats, value 8s.; 2 sheets, value 5s.; 4 stockings, value 3s.; I guinea, 3 sovereigns, 1 crown, and 2 half-crowns; his property.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






MARIA BRUTON
. I am the wife of James Bruton, and lived in Durham-row, Stepney, on the 11th of January—I went out between eleven and twelve o'clock that day, leaving nobody in the house—I left the door double locked, the window closed, and the shutter bolted—I returned before we o'clock, and found the shutter still closed, but it had been broken open by a chisel—the window could then be lifted up, and a person could get in—I missed a canary bird out of a cage, and the articles stated, amounting to between 14l. and 15l., and 4l. 11s. in money also—they were all safe in the house at the time I left it—a man named Henry Boxer was tried for this offence in February—our house is in the parish of Stepney I believe, as it is in Stepney churchyard, but we pay no taxes—we are monthly tenants—we occupied the whole house—it has only two rooms—we now live in Ocean-row.





MARY ANN ANDREWS
. I am the wife of Thomas Andrews, and live in Ocean-street, Stepney, very little way from Mrs. Bruton. On the 11th of January, about half-past twelve or a quarter to one o'clock, my attention was called to her house, and I saw two men come out, and bolt the door after them—the prisoner was one of them, and Boxer the other—the prisoner had a very large bundle—I should not have noticed them, but a gentleman who was passing at the time directed my attention to them—I looked particularly at the prisoner—he was the first of the two that passed me—I looked at his face distinctly—they went up Church-row—I knocked at Mrs. Bruton's house, and found nobody at home—I then went next door, and stated what I had seen—I afterwards saw Mrs. Bruton on her return home, went up stairs with her, and found every thing in confusion—had known the prisoner before for years, and knew his father and mother—he lived in the neighbourhood, and I saw him frequently—my husband

helped to carry his father to the grave—I had not seen him before this for a year or two—I have not the least doubt of his being one of the two men.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Might it not be more than a year or two since you had seen him? A. It might not be that—I will not swear it was not three years—the bundle was tied in a coloured handkerchief underneath a yellow and red, and over that a black one, but it did not cover it—the gentleman passed me in the churchyard—I was coming along returning home after taking my husband's dinner—they were coming out of Mr. Bruton's doorway when I first saw them—I saw them close the door after them—I turned round, and saw one come out, and the other follow—I cannot say which came out first—I have always been certain about the prisoner—he looked at me very hard, and passed on—I did not see him again till he was taken last Saturday week or fortnight.

MR. BODKIN. Q. How near is your house to Stepney churchyard? A. It is in the churchyard—I gave a description of the prisoner to the police.





ELIZA AVERY
. I live with my father, a blacksmith, in North-street, Limehouse-fields. On the 11th of January, at twelve o'clock, I was is Stepney churchyard, and saw the prisoner, whom I had known about six years—Boxer was with him—they were walking to and fro in front of Mrs. Bruton's house—I am quite sure the prisoner is one of the men.

Cross-examined. Q. Did his father and mother die in the street you live in? Yes—his father has been dead about six years—I am turned twelve years old—there are four or five thoroughfares through the church-yard—the church was open at the time—there was nobody about the churchyard at the time but these two men—I did not speak to them—I gave an account of what I saw the same afternoon.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Who did you tell it to? A. The lady next door—I left them in the churchyard when I went away.





CHARLES HENRY MOCKETT
. I am a policeman. In consequence of information, I went to the house of Henry Boxer on Friday, January the 11th, the day this happened—I there found a quantity of property, which the prosecutrix identified on Boxer's trial, in February—I have known the prisoner nine years, and know him to be a companion of Boxer—he worked with and lived with him—I received information respecting him the same day, and searched for him for eight weeks, but could not find him at his place of residence, nor his usual places of resort—the prosecutrix's house is in the parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney.

Cross-examined. Q. Was Boxer a cabinet-maker? A. Yes—I searched for the prisoner night and day, but could not find him.





WILLIAM CLAY
. I am a policeman. On the 11th of January, between one and two o'clock, I saw the prisoner coming across Sydney-square, between the Commercial-road and Mile-end-road, with another person, named Snooks—I said, "I want you for the robbery at Mrs. Bruton's, in Stepney church-yard"—they both ran away—I pursued Snooks, and took him—the prisoner got away—I had said nothing more to him than that—at that time he had his whiskers growing right round, and meeting nearly under the chin; when he was apprehended he had no whiskers at all—I have known him some time.





CHARLES SMITH
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody last Saturday fortnight, at No. 18, Duke-street, where 1 went in consequence of information—I told him I wanted him for a felony—he said

nothing—next morning his wife came crying to the office—he said to her, "What are you crying for? I can do as well in another country as
in this."

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure about that observation? A. It was to that effect—I made a memorandum of it as soon as I got home, and here it is.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. * Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.
