





1832. 




THOMAS BLAND
 was indicted for

 stealing, on. the 
29th of June, 26 pairs of shoes, value 3l.; and 1 pair of boots, value 2s.; the goods of 



Joseph Searls and another, his masters: and 





ANN BLAND
 and 




CATHERINE DOYLE



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.—2nd COUNT, for receiving of an evil disposed person.






HENRY FOWLER
. I am foreman to Mr. Watts, a pawnbroker, of Hereford-street, Commercial-road. The prisoner Doyle offered this pair of shoes to me on the 29th of June—she had pledged a pair of shoes the day before—it was a pair of kid slippers—she offered them—I asked her whose they were—she said her own—knowing that she had pledged a pair of shoes the day before, I asked if she dealt in shoes—she said, "No"—then again asked whose they were—she said her son's—I then asked her where her son lived—she said, "No. 4, Duke-street"—she seemed much agitated, and I went to the door and called the policeman—she had pledged a pair of shoes before, in the name of Ann Smith, Jane-street.





THOMAS SEARLS
. I am in partnership with my brother Joseph. The policeman called on me with a pair of shoes, which I know to be mine,

I had missed goods several times since Christmas, and on taking stock at that time, I missed 40l. worth—I went with the policeman to our other shop, where Thomas Bland was at work—I told him to put on his jacket and come with me—he asked me what for—I said, "For stealing shoes, you little thought I saw you steal some shoes this morning—" he said, "I only stole one pair"—he said he gave them to his mother—I then asked if he gave her the pair he stole yesterday morning—he said no, he took them home and put them on the table—I then gave him into custody—these shoes have my stamp on them—they are not in a saleable state.





CHARLES CLARKE
 (police-constable K 90.) On the 29th of June, Mr. Fowler gave the prisoner Doyle to me—I was taking her to the station house—she gave me three different directions—at last she said she lived at No. 24, Duke-street—I went and inquired if she had a son working any where, and they told me the prisoner Bland had a son working over the way—I then went to the prosecutor, he went and gave the prisoner Thomas Bland in charge.





JOHN DOUGLAS
 (police-constable K 279.) I searched the room that Ann Bland lives in—her son lives there with her, and Doyle has another room in the same house—I found in Bland's room a duplicate of two pairs of shoes, pledged for 2s. 6d., in the name of Doyle—I found eight duplicate in the room—I asked Ann Bland whose room it was—she said it was hers—I found the two pairs of shoes at the pawnbrokers.

Ann Bland. The other duplicates were not of shoes. Witness. No, of clothes.





WILLIAM SLADDEN
. On the 29th of June, I was at the station when Doyle was brought in, Ann Bland followed her to the door, and Doyle said she had received the shoes of Ann Bland—Ann Bland was then asked where she got the shoes from—she said a young man named Townly Smith made them for a young woman six months ago, but as she had not been able to pay for them, she was going to pawn them till she could get them out; and then Ann Bland left to see for this young man—she said he lived at Shackle well—he returned at six o'clock in the evening with her, and said he had made two pairs of shoes for this woman, and I showed them to him, and said, "Are these them?"—he said, "No"—Ann Bland then said she got them from her son, and he got them from his master, and he was to pay at 6d. a week for them—she said he had had several pairs, and paid on the same plan for them—I asked where his master lived she would not tell me.





FRANCIS RAWLINS
. I live with Mr. Carpenter, a pawnbroker. I have nine pairs of shoes which were pledged by the prisoner Doyle, at different times.





CHARLES JONES
. I am in the service of Mr. Folkard, a pawnbroker. I have four pairs of shoes pledged by Doyle.





WILLIAM CASON
. I live with Mr. Hawes, a pawnbroker. I have five pairs of shoes, some of them pledged by Doyle, and all in the name of Smith.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Thomas Bland's Defence. I plead guilty of stealing, but not to the amount the prosecutor states—three pairs were bought by my mother in Rosemary-lane, and one pair in Petticoat-lane—they were sent by my mother, by Doyle, to pledge, but it was not with a guilty knowledge, as she was in the habit of going on errands in the neighbourhood—when I entered the prosecutor's service, it was at 7s. a week—I had my mother ill, and a younger brother depending on me, and it was to support them that I committed the offence—we throw ourselves on your mercy.


Doyle's Defence. I never received a pair from this woman knowing they were stolen—I did happen to say that they were mine, and then that they were my son's.
(The prisoner Doyle received a good character)

THOMAS BLAND—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for seven Years.

ANN BLAND—


GUILTY
. Aged 46.—


Confined Nine Months.

DOYLE—


GUILTY
. Aged 59.—



Confined Six Months.
