



2710. 




JOHN FREEMAN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
8th of October, 4 ewes, price 7l. 12s., the property of 



George Glennerster.






GEORGE GLENNERSTER
. I am a butcher, and live in Marylebone. Twenty nine sheep were sent to me from Smithfield—I saw them at

Smithfield—I know their marks—twenty-seven were marked G" and two with a heart—I had no mark of my own on them—I sent them to Finchley to a field which I had there—I did not know any were missing until the 11th of October—I saw them brought to my house afterwards, and knew them to be the four I had lost—I have known the prisoner a long time—he has been in the habit of driving sheep for my drover at times—I have known him in Smithfield many years.





WILLIAM UNDERWOOD
. I am the prosecutor's servant. I heard that four sheep were missing—I afterwards saw them at Mr. Smout's in Gray's Inn-lane, and knew them to be master's, I knew the marksthree were marked "G" and one with a heart—the four sheep missing were so marked—I brought them away—I did not see any more in Smithfield marked in the same way.





WILLIAM HILL
. I am a drover, and drive for the prosecutor—he bought twenty-nine sheep, which I took down as far as the three milestone, towards Finchley—the prisoner counted them there—they were left in Mr. Glennerster's field—the prisoner, was assisting me—he told me, when he came back, that he made twenty-nine of them—I waited at the junction-gate for him—he said they were all right when he put them into the field—I counted them myself on the Sunday afterwards, and found them all correct—on the Wednesday following, when I went to the field, I missed four—I have since seen four at Mr. Smout's, and know them to be the same.





JOSEPH SMOUT
. I am a butcher I bought a sack of sawdust of the prisoner, having known him many years—he came for the sack on the Tuesday, and asked if I would buy four sheep, belonging to a salesman named Finch—I asked if it was the calf salesman—he said no, he came out of Lincolnshire—he said Mr. Finch's brother lived at Finchley, and had authorized him to part with them—I objected to buy—he said he was coming by next morning, and would I object to look at them—I said "No"—he called again on Wednesday morning, about eleven o'clock, with the four sheep, three marked "G" on the rump, and the others with a heart on the hip—I said I did not want any—he said they were very cheap, the price was 2l.—(they are large sheep)—he said, would I be so good as to let him leave them in my place till the afternoon—I objected or some time—I at last consented, and he was to fetch them away in the afternoon—I never bought them of him—he came into the shop, and asked me to let him have 3s., as he was going down to Mr. Finch s, with some sheep or beast—she had no money to pay the turnpike, and he would pay me when he came back in the afternoon—I said Mr. Finch had better have the sheep killed and sent to market, as he could not sell them in that way—he said, "Will you do it?"—I said, "If you bring me letter from Mr. Finch, I will let my man do it"—he promised to do so and said, "If Mr. Finch will take 38s. each for the sheep, will you have them?"—I said, "No, I will not have them at any price"—in the afternoon he returned, and said Mr. Finch would be much obliged to me to kill the sheep and send them to market, and he would call in the course of the week, and settle for them—I said, "Yes, he must call, I cannot pay you the money"—he said Mr. Finch authorized him to ask me for 4s. more which I gave him—he said Finch knew me very well, for I had bought many a calf of him—I said, "I never bought a calf about London in my life"—I then suspected all was not right, and made inquiry—he called

again on Friday, and wanted 4s. More, which I objected to, and said I thought it was not all right—I mentioned it to a drover, and the prosecutor claimed the sheep.





THOMAS HARRISON
. I am a policeman. I went on Friday night to Gray's Inn-lane, and saw the sheep—I afterwards went with Smout, and found the prisoner in Portpool-lane—I said he had some sheep which he must account for—he said they were given to him to sell, by a man named Finch, and he was to meet him at the Peacock public-house, Islington, to pay him for them—I said he must go with me—I have inquired at Finchley, hut can find no such person as Finch.

Prisoner's Defence. I was employed to sell them, and was to have 1s. a-piece for selling them, for a Mr. Finch.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Ten Years.
