



722. 




MARY ANN BREESE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of January, at 
St. Marylebone, 1 watch, value 20l.; 1 watch-chain, value 4l. 15s.; 1 watch-key, value 5s.; 2 brooches, value 1l. 10s.; 1 milk-pot, value 3l.; and 5 spoons, value 2l. 15s.; the goods of 



Alexander Ridpath, her master, in his dwelling-house.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.





ALEXANDER RIDPATH
. I live in Upper Baker-street, in the parish of Marylebone. The prisoner bad been in my service upwards of two years—she left in February, 1833, but was not out of my employ till November, 1834—she married—my servant left, and she came to me again to assist on the 29th of January; and on Saturday, the 31st, I missed the articles stated in the indictment, which I had seen safe about three o'clock that afternoon—I have since lost my wife—I missed the prisoner on Saturday evening soon after five o'clock—I had left my house about three o'clock, and did not return till after seven o'clock—the property was then missing, and the prisoner was gone also.





JOHN UPSALL
. I am shopman to John Cording, a pawnbroker, in Ratcliffe-highway. On Saturday, the 8th of February, the prisoner brought this watch to pawn, about twelve o'clock—I had received information from the prosecutor, and stopped her with it, and gave her in charge—I have some other things which had been pawned by a female—I cannot say whether it was the prisoner or not—that was on Monday, the 2nd of February—here are two table-spoons, two salt-spoons, tea-spoons, and a milk-ewer.





WILLIAM DICKINSON
. I am a policeman. I was called into Mr. Cording's, and took the prisoner into custody with the property.





MARY COSSON
. I keep a jeweller's-shop in Cannon-street. On Monday, the 2nd of February, the prisoner brought two brooches to me to sell—I bought them for old gold for 8s.—on the 3rd of February she brought a gold chain to sell—I said I could not buy it for any thing but old gold, and she had better make a better price of it; but next morning she came and left it with me, and in the evening I bought it of her—there was part of a key attached to it—she told me the gold watch had been brought with the chain from abroad, and that she was selling the things through distress.





ALEXANDER RIDPATH

re-examined. These things are mine—I consider them worth 30l., altogether—the watch is worth 20l.—I gave 5l. for the milk-ewer—the watch was kept in a drawer under the dressing-glass, in our bed-room—the silver in a drawer in the kitchen—I saw them in the house that day—she lived with me two years, during which time a more faithful,

honest, industrious girl never entered a house, but she has unfortunately married a man who has brought disgrace on her and ruined her.
(George Cooper, a tailor, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Life.

Strongly recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury.


Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
