




980. 




JOHN LATHAM
 was indicted for

 unlawfully, maliciously, all feloniously assaulting 



David Cooper, on the 
9th of March, at 
Hillingdon and unlawfully, &c, cutting and wounding him upon his left leg and left thigh, with intent to maim and disable him, or to do him some grievous bodily harm; and 




ANN CLEMENTS
 was indicted 

as accessory after the fact.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





DAVID COOPER
, I am a sergeant of the police establishment at Uxbridge, Middlesex. On the evening of Friday, the 9th of March, I was on duty there—I had occasion to see one Richard Pearce about a fortnight before—he is not at present in custody—I had seen his stable open about one o'clock in the morning, and thinking it my duty to see if anybody was in it I went in, and saw Pearce lying with a prostitute, both asleep—I awoke them up, and informed him that his door was open—I knew him to be a married man with a family, and disturbed him—on Friday evening, the 9th of March I went to the Rockingham-road—there is a beer-shop there—fortman, a policeman, was with me that night—I saw the prisoner Latham knocking at the window of the beer-shop, about half-past nine o'clock at night—there were several persons near the front of the shop—some of them were drunk and making a noise—I did not interfere with them while they stood there

—I said nothing to either of them—I placed myself about ten yards from the beer-shop, thinking that, seeing me, they would move away—I had not been there above ten minutes before Pearce came up to me, and began to abuse me—Latham was within hearing—Pearce said, "D—n you, what business had you in my stable the other night?"—I said, "My good fellow, I do not want to have any thing to say to you," and immediately left him—I was proceeding towards the station—Fortnum went away with me—as we were going along, we were followed by Pearce and Latham—Pearce was on before Latham two or three yards—Pearce called out, "You b—y police we will get you out of this town; we will make this town too hot for you; we will do your business," and such expressions as those—I cannot say whether Latham used any expressions, for I walked on quickly to get away from them—I arrived at the gate of the station-house before any thing was done—as I was going in at the gate, Pearce put himself into a righting attitude, and again used the expressions I have named—he was not more than six or seven feet from me—he was within reach of me, if he had struck me—(Latham was close behind him—close to him—he did not say any thing)—I found it necessary, as the peace was broken, to lake Pearce into custody—there were fifty or sixty persons collected together in a mob—they had been followed by all the persons who were at the beer-shop, and the mob collected as they came along—I took Pearce by the collar, to take him into the station-house, and immediately Latham hung himself right round Pearce, as I suppose, for the purpose of rescuing him from me—we gate a sudden pull, and got them both inside the gate—they had both been drinking pretty freely, and were labouring under the effects of drink—I got them both into the station-house, and Fortnum shut the gate—the door of the station-house is not more than two or three yards from the gate—it is a small room we have for the purpose of taking the charges—I succeeded in getting Pearce and Latham into the charge-room—we have a strong-room eight or ten yards from the charge-room—Fortnum left after getting them into the charge-room—they were both in liquor, and clinging to each other—when I got them into the room, they both fell down on the floor, and while there I and my wife kept them down as well as we could, while Fortnum went to open the door of the strong-room—while I was endeavouring to keep them down, Latham got himself round so as to get on one leg—he pat his arm round, and took something from his pocket—there was a strong light in the room, a fire and a candle—I saw something in his hand which appeared to me to be a table-knife—he made several thrusts at me—here is the great coat I had on—(producing it)—here are seven stabs in the coat in the part which covers my thigh and leg—there is one stab in the arm—I felt the knife go into my leg—I called out, "Oh, the villain has stabbed me"—Pearce, who laid down in one part of the station-house, hearing me say that, called out, "That is right, give it the b——r," quite load.

Q. Did you feel that you had received more than one wound at the time pearce called? A. No—the particular wound I felt was of a particular description—it went nearly through the calf of my leg—I have reason to recollect the moment I received it—I felt the knife enter the calf of my leg—after receiving this wound, Latham got himself up on his legs, in the charge-room—I stepped back off the step, and he made another plunge at me—I drew my staff out, and struck him on the side of his head—I got out into the yard, and he followed me, making thrusts at me as he followed

—I discovered I had two wounds—I hardly know How many stabs I had before I used my staff—he followed, and thrust at me—I struck him again with my staff, in the yard, and at that moment the station-house yard gate was burst open, and a mob of persons entered—the first person I saw was the female prisoner, Clements—at the time the gate was being opened my leg was bleeding—I felt the blood flowing from me—it was pouring over my boat—at that time, I should think, there were two hundred persons collected round the station-house—fifteen or twenty accompanied Clements, as many as could crowd in at the gate—on her coming in, she was close to me and Latham, as we were close to the gate—I will not say that Clements could see the state of my leg—as she entered I and Latham were fighting—he was stabbing at me at the time, and I was keeping him off—she saw us fighting, and clapped her hands, and called out, "Give it him, give it the b——r"—she turned round to the others, and said, "Get out your knives we will give it to the b——r," and such like expressions—the mob got both prisoners out of the yard—they caught hold of them, and pulled them out of the gate—Pearce had got out of the house then—he had got into a cornet, and was still calling out to Latham to give it to me, but did not join in it himself—he was standing up in a corner, not above two yards from me and Latham—I had got two men taking their rest, before going on duty, and Fortnum had gone to call them, believing they would make an attack on a—a great number of the windows of the station-house were broken, and we heard the stones fly up at the windows, at least we heard the windows crack—I then went, and saw my three men come down stairs—the prisoners at that time, were gone—I suggested that we should go and take them—up to the time, I used my staff, to protect myself, I had never spoken it Latham, nor put a hand on him—I became exhausted from the wound—we had left our cutlasses exposed, in the little room, near the gate—I proposed to go back and secure the cutlasses; and on going back, the gate was again broken open; and the female prisoner kept calling out, "Here they come—Get out your knives, my boys, let us give it to the b—n—I bad just pushed down the catch of the gate—the latch was broken of by their bursting it in.

COURT. Q. What happened when the woman called out what you have said? A. I was exhausted then—I found I had a stab in the calf of my left leg, and one just in the inside of my left thigh—the wound is the thigh was about six inches above the knee—the wound on the calf of the leg appeared a very bad one—the other one did not enter my flesh very far, and that is not a very bad wound—it appeared to be done with a sharp instrument—the one in the leg appeared to have been cut two ways as if when the knife got in it had turned round—I had two wounds—here is the part of my coat which came directly over my leg, where the lower wound is—here are seven holes altogether, and there is a cut in the right arm of my coat—that is included in the seven.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Who was present when you received the first stab? A. My wife was with me in the room, holding Latham and Pearce down—I believe Fortnum was near the door, having just returned from unlocking the strong room—the woman might have seen Latham's head bleeding—I will not venture to swear she did not see it—it was a bright moon-light night, and there was a large fire in the station-house, and a candle—I had never spoken to Latham in my life before—he had a cap, which Fortnum has got—Latham was taken on

the spot, very soon after—Pearce had got away—my wife is here—I was in the Metropolitan police about six years ago—I retired from that, and went into the country with an insane lady, and when I returned, I was recommended to this place—I resigned from the police of my own accord.





GEORGE WILLIAM FORTNUM
. I am one of the police-constables of Uxbridge. On the evening of Friday, the 9th of March, I was with Cooper in Rockingham-place, about half-past nine o'clock—there is a beer-shop nearly opposite to where we were—I observed a vast crowd around the beer-shop—the prisoner Latham was much enraged, holding his fist up, wishing somebody to come out, I believe, whom he had been quarrelling with—I believe the persons were in liquor—I did not interfere with them, nor did cooper—they made use of bad language, and called us b—y police and b—y half-starved looking b—s—Pearce used bad language, and said, "B—y police"—neither I nor Cooper took any notice of him—we walked on towards the station-house, followed by a number of persons—Pearce was foremost—I did not see Latham follow, but he hung on Pearce when he was collared—Pearce used language respecting being caught in the barn—I saw Cooper collar Pearce, and Latham hung on him—I aid not see Pearce do any thing to Cooper before Cooper took hold of him—when I got to the station-house, Cooper endeavoured to pull Pearce in, and Latham hung on him—we succeeded in getting them both into the yard, and shut the gate—we got them into the charge-room—there was a great struggle between Pearce and Sergeant Cooper and Latham—Pearce was on the ground, flat on his face, and Latham on the top of him—there is a strong-room near the spot—I went to open it, by the desire of my sergeant to get the prisoners in—after I returned from the strong-room I was Latham on one knee, making two distinct stabs as it were at Cooper, who said, "I am stabbed; run and get the men up"—I did not hear what passed from Pearce when the sergeant said, "I am stabbed"—but I heard Latham, when he stabbed him, say, "Take that, you b—r"—I went for the policemen, who were resting, to take their turn at twelve o'clock at night—Latham and Pearce had got away, when I returned from calling the men, and I found the gate of the station-house yard had been burst open—I did not see the female prisoner till she was brought in in custody—I did not hear what passed with her—while Latham was in the charge-room, after hearing a cry that the man was stabbed, I saw something shine in Latham's hand—I cannot say what it was.





JAMES DARVILL
. I am constable of Uxbridge. I was in the town on this Friday evening, about half-past nine o'clock, and saw a disturbance at the station-house—I went towards it, and found about a hundred or more persons about the gate—I saw the female prisoner there—she was against Pearce and several more, trying to burst the gate open—five or six of them were rushing against it at once—I pushed her away—she went into the road—I pushed Pearce from the gate, and I saw her throw some stones three times—I heard her say, "I hope the b—r is dead"—I saw Pearce and Latham both—Latham was a little on the other, side—Pearce was with her—Latham was seven or eight yards from the other two—I did not hear Latham say any thing at that time—it might be a quarter of an hour after—I did not come there till after they had got out of the station-house.

Cross-examined. Q. When you saw Latham, was he bleeding? A. Yes, a great deal from the head.





GEORGE AUSTIN
. I am a baker living at Uxbridge. I was in the station-house about half-past nine o'clock on Friday evening, the 9th of

March—I observed a congregation of people, and the prisoners in remarkable manner among them—by their manner of acting, they evinced themselves as the chief conductors of a riot—the woman was urging on a number of people to do mischief, and the male prisoner was acted upon by her in an especial manner—I did not hear her say any thing, because I am deaf, but I saw enough to convince me she was the ringleader of the disturbance—I imagine there were a hundred people there—I did not observe any thing in Latham's hand, but I saw it in an attitude which made me conclude there was something in it—he was in the attitude of striking a blow at some one, unperceived by me behind the gate—I heard him say, "God strike me b—y dead, I will stab him"—I afterwards went to the station-house—this was opposite the station-house—I went for Mr. Patten, the surgeon.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you any thing besides a baker? A. I am a baker by profession—I include the business of corn-dealer—a baker is my ostensible business—I have no extra business—I do not hold forth my where—at the time I speak of, Latham was bleeding—I did not notice whether it was a great deal—I remarked a disfiguration on his head.





MARY GRENVILLE
. I am the wife of Joseph Grenville, a brazier, living at Uxbridge. I was near the station-house on Friday night, the 9th of March—I saw the female prisoner in the street, by the station-house, about three yards from the gate—she and two more were jumping at the gate to break it open—I saw the male prisoner come out at the gate—Clements patted him on the back, and another, but I did not observe the other—she said, "You b—r, I have pluck enough to release the whole of you"—she tucked up the sleeves of her gown, and challenged to fight anybody.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. The wife of John Grenvile—it was when they came out that she patted Latham on the back.





SOPHIA GROOM
. I am the wife of Edward Groom, of Uxbridge. On this Friday night I was disturbed, by a noise at the station-house—I got up, went towards the place, and saw Latham among other persons there—I observed where he stood, and in the course of the evening I found a knife about half a yard from where he was standing—I gave it to my husband—Murray called at my house the next morning, and I delivered the knife to him.





CHARLES JAMES MURRAY
. I am a constable of Uxbridge. I produce knife which I received from Mrs. Groom on Saturday morning, the 10th of March—I observed blood on the handle of it.

Cross-examined. Q. None on the blade? A. None—I have kept it ever since—I saw Latham standing not far from the gate—he told me he had been knocked or chopped down—he was bleeding very much—I left him there—I then went to the station-house, and understood the policeman had been stabbed—I went back and found Latham standing in the same place as I had left him—he appeared very weak from the loss of blood.





CHARLES PATTEN
. I am a surgeon, and live at Uxbridge. On Friday evening, the 9th of March, I was called in to see sergeant Cooper—I went to the station-house—he had received a deep punctured wound in the fleshy part of the left leg, and a very slight wound in the thigh of the same side—the wound in the leg was a very deep wound, and appeared to be made in two directions—a triangular wound—it was extremely dangerous, attended with a great deal of haemorrhage—the knife produced is precisely the kind of instrument that would have inflicted the wound—it appears like a half-worn-out oyster knife.


Cross-examined. Q. Did you examine Latham? A. I did—I dressed wound, and had part of the hair shaved away to apply a plaster to it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was it such a wound as a man might have inflicted with a constable's staff? A. Very likely.
(John Stevens, a shoemaker, of Uxbridge, and Mary Brown, of Uxbridge, gave the prisoner Latham a good character.)

LATHAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

CLEMENTS—


NOT GUILTY
.
