






2267. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CHANDLER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CHILSTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, at St. George, Bloomsbury, 6 silver spoons, value 7l., and 1 pair of snuffers, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Easthorpe
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  NAIRN
               



            . I am servant to John Easthorp, Esq., M. P.
, who lives in Upper Montague-street, in the parish of St. George, Bloomsbury


. On the 6th of September, in the evening, the plate was all safe in the pantry; I left the closet open between half-past seven and eight o'clock next morning, and after four I missed these articles - the pantry is a front room; persons coming down the area steps could get to the cupboard.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DOWNES
               



            . I am a jeweller, and live in Longacre. On the 7th of September, about two o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoners came to my shop; they produced six spoons and a pair of snuffers for sale - I said as I had my suspicions that they had come improperly by them, I should decline buying them, and would give them up before the Magistrate; they left the shop, and returned in three or four minutes - Chilston said I had better give up the property; Chandler only had come in at first; On the second occasion both came in, and Chilston said they were sent from a relation of his in the country, and I had better give them up - I said I would give them up at Bow-street; they went away; I gave information to Leadbetter, and gave him the plate - it is worth 7l. at least.


                  HENRY 
                  HALL
               



            . I am an officer. In consequence of information, on the 7th of September, I went to look for the prisoners, and took them together in Drury-lane - I asked how they came by the plate; they both said they found it in an uninhabited house in the New-road.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Chandler's Defence. I left Chelsea, went to Smithfield, and met Chilston between eleven and twelve o'clock- he said he had picked the property up, and asked if I knew where to sell it; I said No - he asked me to go into the shop, and ask if they bought such things; I went, and said it belonged to a young man outside - I came out, and sent Chilston in.
Chilson's Defence. About ten o'clock I left this lad, and by some ruins I was taken ill; I went into a vault, and in one corner saw this parcel, wrapped in paper - I came out, and saw this lad coming; he asked what I had got; I told him, and asked where I could sell it - as we went up Long-acre he saw written up, "The best price given for old gold and silver;" he went in, came out, and said they would buy it; I went in with it, and it was stopped - I understand the sweeps had been at the prosecutor's that morning, and most likely they stole it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DOWNES
               



            . Chandler came in, and said his companion had the plate outside; he went out - then Chilston came in, and produced it - Chandler said they were all right, I might buy them safe.
CHANDLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
CHILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Life
            .
