






109. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EDMONDS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELI 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, 1 box, value 1s.; 1 trunk, value 1s.; 1 watch, value 1l.; 2 pencil-cases, value 1s.; 5 gowns, value 20s.; 2 shawls, value 10s.; 5 waistcoats, value 1s.; 2 net collars, value 1s.; 2 counterpanes, value 5s.; 1 pelisse, value 1s.; 2 night-gowns, value 18d.; 1 piece of bed-tick, value 6d.; 1 apron, value 3d.; 2 frocks, value 2s.; 1 lace veil, value 3s.; 1 box, value 6d.; 2 shirts, value 18d.; 1 shoe-horn, value 3d.; 1 printed book, value 6d.; 1 purse, value 6d., 2 shillings, and 9 pence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Willis
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WILLIS
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Willis, of Dean-street, Lisson-grove


. At a quarter past five o'clock in the afternoon of the 31st of October, I was in the kitchen, and heard footsteps in the parlour; I sent a little girl up stairs - she came down and told me something; I went up and missed two trunks from the parlour, containing the articles stated in the indictment - I had seen them safe an hour before.


                  CATHERINE 
                  WISE
               



            . I live in Lisson-grove, very near the prosecutor. I saw Jackson go into the prosecutor's house, and bring the boxes out; Edmonds was standing round the corner in Union-street, not a dozen yards off - it was about five o'clock in the afternoon; Jackson brought one out first, and then brought the other - I did not give an alarm, because I thought they were authorised to take them; I have seen them about, and swear they were the two men.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HORSFORD
               



            . (Police-serjeant D 6). I met the prosecutrix crying, in Jane-street, about half-past five o'clock in the evening - I took her home; Wise then came in, and described the persons - I knew the prisoners, and went with a constable to No. 31, Steven-street, and saw Jackson coming out of the back parlour with a light - he saw me, went back and fastened the door; I went into the yard, and saw Edmonds throwing a number of things out of the window, and I believe he was getting out himself - I called to him, and said it was of no use; I called to Kendrick the officer. to let no one pass him - I went into the back parlour, and found the prisoners there; I found the watch under the fire-place, and some other things in the room, and this Bible in the privy, with Willis's name in it.


                  HENRY 
                  KENDRICK
               



            . I am a Policeman. I went to the house; the prisoners occupy the back parlour - on entering the house I saw the back room door shut very quick; the serjeant went into the back yard, and called to one of them; he then called to me - I put my shoulder to the door, and pushed it; it gave way: the officer then came in with some things in his arms, and found the watch in the ashes - Jackson gave up this silver pencil-case, a segartube, and a small rule.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Edmonds put in a written Defence, stating that Jackson had employed him to assist in fetching the boxes, and on the Policemen coming, told him to throw the property out of window.
Jackson put in a written Defence, stating, that a young woman had met him in the street, and desired him to fetch the boxes from No. 8, Dean-street, to take them to his lodging, and tie the contents in bundles; but on finding they contained property of value, his suspicion was excited, and he was putting them out of the way when the Policemen arrived.
EDMONDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
JACKSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
