



295. 




JOSEPH MARSH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of December, 6 skins of japanned leather, value 2l. 2s., the goods of 



Isaac Hemsworth and another.






WILLIAM POOLE
. I am in the employ of Isaac Hemsworth, and another—they live in St. Martin's-lane, and are curriers. At a quarter to seven o'clock on the 9th of December last I was in Maiden-lane, Wood-street, with my cart—I had a parcel in it containing six skins of japanned leather—some one gave me information and I found it was gone—this is it—it was dropped in the mud.





ELIZA MACKLIN
. I am the wife of Patrick Macklin, living in John's street, King-street, Snow-hill. I was standing in the street selling fruit, and saw two men—one put his hand in the back of the cart, and took out a long parcel, and gave it to the other man—I should not know either of them—they seemed like two gentlemen—it was dark—I could not see the size of the men.





THOMAS CREWS
. I live in Maiden-lane, and am a baker. At half past six o'clock in the morning a woman came into my shop and gave me information—I looked about, went to the door, and saw two decent-looking young men—a baker pointed one out with a parcel under his arm, which I have every reason to believe was the prisoner—as soon as they saw me coming they ran away, turned up Gutter-lane, and the prisoner was taken directly afterwards and brought back to my shop—I am perfectly satisfied that was the man I saw before, and that it was the prisoner.

Prisoner. You said you thought so. Witness. I was perfectly satisfied by your dress and appearance you were the man—you had the parcel before you threw it away—when I came out you saw you were perceived and you ran off—there were very few people near the spot at the time.

Prisoner. You said you only believed I was the person. Witness. I have not the slightest doubt about your identity.

Prisoner. I was passing and heard the cry of Stop thief"—there were

several running, I ran also, and was stopped by a person and given in charge—I wish to ask whether I made any resistance.





STEPHEN POWELL
 (police-constable 69.) He made no resistance.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.
