





630. 
               
                  
                     LAWRENCE 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of January
, 1 coat, value 4l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Blundell
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been previously convicted of felony
            ,
Mr. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  BLUNDELL
               



            . I live in the Crescent, NewBridge-street


. On the 29th of January this coat was in the back part of my house; I desired my servant to brush it at ten o'clock that morning - it was missed on the 30th - I saw it at Bow-street on the 11th of February, and knew it to be mine; the prisoner is a stranger.


                  JOHN 
                  EBSWORTH
               



            . I am errand-boy to Mr. Blundell. I brushed this coat on the morning of the 29th of January, and saw it safe at half-past nine o'clock - I missed it about four in the afternoon; who took it I do not know.


                  ISAAC 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I am a clothes-salesman, and live at No. 9, Monmouth-street. On the 29th of January, about half-past one o'clock, the prisoner and another man came to my shop, to sell this coat - they asked 2l. for it, and both spoke about it; the prisoner spoke broken English: I could understand him - he had got the coat on, wearing it; when he came into the shop he pulled it off, and asked 2l. for it; I asked if it was their own, as it appeared too good- I kept them in conversation, and sent privately for an officer, but the man was gone so long, they went away, leaving the coat in the shop; I went to Marlborough-street, and in the evening a neighbour, who had seen them, saw the prisoner, and gave him into custody. I am certain of his person.


                  JOHN 
                  DUNCAN
               



            . I am a salesman, and live next door to Simmons. On the 29th of January I saw the prisoner go into Simmons' shop, in company with another person; I saw him again about six o'clock in the evening - I followed him till I found a Police-constable, and gave him in charge.


                  JOHN 
                  DREW
               



            . I am an officer, and received the prisoner in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner, being a foreigner, had the evidence interpreted to him; and made the following
Defence. I went to the shop to buy a pair of pantaloons; another Spaniard came in with this coat on, he said he had had it given to him, and asked if the man would buy it - I said he did not understand him, and he had better speak to him by signs; I afterwards went out, leaving the man there - the Spaniard called me back, saying they would not give him the coat back - I said, "Why, that coat has been given you out of charity, and I think they should give it you;" then he said a gentleman made him a present of it - I said the man could not stop it; Simmons told me to come nearer, for he wanted to speak to me- I went, and he asked if I or the other wanted to sell the coat; I said I had nothing to do with it - I never had it on - it was the other man; I do not know where Mr. Blundell lives; I went away to tell the gentleman who had made him a present of it.


                  ISAAC 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . Both the men were foreigners; the prisoner wore the coat - he did not ask to buy a pair of pantaloons.


                  EDWARD 
                  BURRIDGE
               



            . I was present on the prisoner's former trial, and have a certificate of his former conviction - (read) - he was tried by the name of Lorrenzo Parado.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
