






654. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  ASHMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of April

, 1 coat, value 3l., and 1 cap, value 3s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Gunning
               



            ; and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  BONNOR
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            , against the Statute, &c.
CHARLES GUNNING. On Monday last I arrived from Bath by Cooper's coach, which stopped at the corner of Farringdon-street



 and Fleet-street



 - I had never been in London before, and I asked the guard how far it was to the Angel Inn, St. Clement's, that I might know how much to give the cab-man - I called a cab, of which Ashman, the prisoner, was the driver - I asked him his fare, he said 3s. - I said I would not give it - he then said 2s; but previously to this I had thrown my great coat into his cab - I then called a second cab, and had turned the corner, when I thought of my coat - I said I would get my coat which I left in the other cab - I turned round the corner, but Ashman and his cab were gone - I went in the second cab to St. Clement Danes - I then went to the station-house, and gave information - the prisoner Ashman was taken - I am positive he is the man in whose cab I left my coat.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Had you ever seen Ashman before? A. No; I did not see him for two minutes - I had travelled all night, and was fatigued - I am positive he is the man - this was as near eight o'clock as possible by my watch: it was not quite eight.


                  EDWARD 
                  ABINGDON
               



            . I saw the prosecutor arrive at Farringdon-street - I saw him hail a cab, but I was not near enough to hear what he said - I saw they could not agree, and another cab was called - I saw a great coat in the first cab he called, and Ashman, who was the driver of it, turned his cab and galloped off - the prosecutor came back, and he was off the stand - in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes, Ashman came back to the stand - I told the policeman, and while I was talking to him, Ashman got a fare, and went off - I had taken the number of his cab, it was No. 901 - I was sent for to the watch-house about one o'clock, and found Ashman there.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite positive Ashman is the man you saw the first time? A. Yes; he is the driver of the first cab that the coat was put into - I do not think I can be deceived - I swear he is the man.


                  HENRY 
                  JEBBETT
               



             (City police-constable, No. 38). At a quarter past nine o'clock on Monday morning Mr. Abingdon told me of this, and said, "That is the man," pointing to Ashman, on the stand - I said, "Be careful what you say; are you positive as to the identity of the man?"- he said, "Yes" - Ashman then drove away; but I took him about one o'clock, in Fleet-street, as he was plying for hire.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



             (police-sergeant E 12). Yesterday morning, a waterman came and told me a cab-man was wanted, for stealing a coat and cap, and he would point him out to me - I waited till he came in, and he pointed out Bonnor - he said, there was a man in Newgate to be tried, who was innocent, and Bonnor was the man - I spoke to Bonnor about it - he said, "I have the coat and cap, which were thrown into my cab, they are at my lodging" - I went with him, and got them - these are them.
EDWARD ABINGTON. Bonnor is not the cabman.
CHARLES GUNNING. Bonnor is not the cabman.
Bonner. Q. Did you not say to me, when I said I would take you for 2s. 6d., "No, no, old boy, you are not going to play your London tricks with me?" Witness. No; I never saw you before.
Bonnor's Defence. I was the first cab on the rank, and the prosecutor called me, but we could not agree for price, and he called another cab and went off - I then got into my cab, and found the coat and cap in it - I took them home, and yesterday morning, when the policeman came, I gave them to him - there were plenty of people who knew I had them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am waterman on the stand in Farringdon-street. I was there last Monday morning - I saw the prosecutor call a cab, which was driven by the prisoner Bonnor - it was not Ashman - he was not there for twenty minutes afterwards.
COURT. Q. What time was this? A. About ten minutes before eight o'clock - the prosecutor called the cab that Bonnor drove first, and in two or three minutes he complained of losing his coat - I did not tell the gentleman that the driver was a red haired man - I said I knew the man very well, but I did not know his name or number - I know Ashman, by seeing him on the stand, but I will swear that Ashman was not on the stand that morning, till after Bonnor had gone off with the coat - Bonnor had a black horse - I never noticed the colour of Ashman's horse - they both had yellow cabs, but not from the same yard - one lives at Walworth, and the other in Theobald's Road - I have been two days and nights looking for Bonnor.


                  JAMES 
                  PARRINGER
               



            . I am a cabman. I was on the stand in Farringdon-street, on Monday morning - the prosecutor called Bonnor's cab - there was no other cab there, but Bonnor's and mine, and one coach - Ashman was not there - I drove the prosecutor to St. Clement's.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I am a cabman. I was standing on the stand - I saw the prosecutor call Bonnor's cab - Ashman was not there.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am fellow-servant with Ashman. On Monday morning last, I was in our yard with him at Bronti Mews, East-place, Walworth - I had been out with the cab all night, and got home at half-past seven o'clock - I then took off my clothes, washed the cab, put the horseto, and started Ashman out of the yard, at ten minutes before eight - I looked at the clock - Bonnor's cab is No. 1097.
ASHMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
BONNOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
