



191. 




MARGARET FORD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of Novvember, 1 half-sovereign, 2 sixpences, and 1 purse, value 1d.; the goods and monies of 



James Owens from his person.






JAMES OWENS
. I am a pensioner. On Sunday I went to the Eight-Bells public-house at Greenwich—I was not at all fresh—I had just come from chapel—I had about 12s. 6d. in a purse in my right-side trowsers pocket, there was a half-sovereign among it—I had been drinking there from about two o'clock in the afternoon, till six o'clock—I was not drunk—I did not see the prisoner till she introduced herself—she was a stranger—when I asked her to drink, she saw I had a purse, and some money—she shoved me down from the seat, and fell upon me, and put her hand into my pocket, and took my purse and money—I saw her do it—I called to her to give it me, she

would not—I fetched policeman—he found the purse, but I was not present—I know it is mine.





JOSEPH BISCHLAYER
. Between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, I went into Eight Bells—I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner drinking together; the prisoner called for a pot of beer or half and half, and the prosecutor would not pay for it, the landlord took it back, and then in a few minutes she shoved him off the bench, she fell on him, and he called out, "Are you going to rob me"?—she got up, and had the purse in her hand, and shook out some money, but what I could not see—she took one piece and put it into her mouth, and then showed me two sixpences—I advised her to give it him back again, and then she put the two sixpences, behind her, and threw the purse away—she said, "Let the old b----r go, we will spend the money together.





EVAN EVANS
. I was at the public-house, and saw the prisoner pulling the money out of the purse into her hand—she threw the purse on the ground—I saw her jump on the prosecutor—Biscklayer's evidence is true.





JOHN REESE
 (police-constable R 79.) I was called—I found the purse behind her on the table—I found two sixpences on the prisoner.





JAMES OWENS
. This purse is mine.

Prisoner's Defence. He came to the stall I was sitting, and said, "It is very cold"—I said, "Yes," another woman said, "You might give us a pint of beer?"—he said he did not mind giving me a glass of grog, and then he went in and had some porter, and then some more, and then he called for some more, and would not pay for it"—I was in liquor, and I own I snatched the purse from his hand, and said he should pay for it.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
