






465. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     POLDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 25th of January
, of an evil-disposed person, one 10l. and 16 5l. bank notes, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Clarke
                        




                     
                  , which had been then lately stolen, he well knowing the same to have been feloniously stolen
            , against the Statute, &c.
2nd COUNT, stating them to be the property of Benjamin Worthy Horne, and others.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON SCRimgEOUR
               



            . I live at No. 12, Michael's-grove, Brompton - on Saturday, the 25th of January, I took a parcel containing eleven 10l. notes, nineteen 5l. notes, and three sovereigns, to the Cross Keys, Wood-street, directed for Mrs. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Clarke
               



            , of Wigginton-lodge, near Tamworth, per Chester mail - I delivered it to Watson, the book-keeper - the 10l. notes were from No. 19,545 to 19,550, dated 22nd November, 1833, and from 19,851 to 19,855, of the 27th of November; the 5l. notes were from 39,269 to 39,286, all of the 27th of November, and one single note, No. 5,914, dated the 14th of November.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you make that memorandum at the time you packed up the notes? A. Yes - the parcel was not out of my sight till I delivered it into the coach-office; it was directed for Mrs. Elizabeth Clarke, Wigginton-lodge, near Tamworth, per Chester maill - I have not seen her since - I sent it by directions from her - I have heard from her since respecting the parcel - I do not know the prisoner - I took the parcel about four o'clock in the afternoon.


                  ROBERT 
                  WATSON
               



            . I am book-keeper at the Cross Keys - I recollect the parcel being booked, but I do not recollect it being brought - I have entered it to go by the Chester mail - it is entered in the way-bill by the copyingclerk - the porter who tallies the parcels by the way-bill is here - I know the prisoner; he came every evening to fetch Norwich parcels out for the guard of the Norwich Magnet coach, which stops at the corner of Wood-street - he generally came about ten minutes past six o'clock.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY STATHAM
               



            . I am porter to the Chester mail - I brought twelve parcels out of the officer that night, and twelve I put into the coach about twenty minutes before eight o'clock - there were twelve parcels down in the way-bill - I did not see the prisoner that night.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COWPER PHIPPS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Coulson; he is a linen-draper, and lives in Blackfriars-road - on Saturday, the 25th January, about ten o'clock at night, a man came and bought a shawl and a print dress; he gave me a £10 note to pay for it - I do not know the number of it, but I should know the note again - this is it - I suspected it to be bad, and my master took down the man's address - it was not the prisoner - this note is No. 19,545, dated 22d Nov. 1833.
Cross-examined. Q. Your master's shop is in Surrey? A. Yes - this is the print and the shawl, to the best of my belief - we have sold many of these - the pattern has been on the town about four months, and other shops have sold them.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I took the prisoner on the 7th of February, about seven o'clock, when he left the Norwich Magnet coach in Bishopsgate-street - I asked him if he was a porter belonging to the Norwich Magnet - he said, "Yes"- I said, "Do you recollect my delivering a parcel to you?" - he said, "No" - I said, "Never mind, walk to the Mansion-house with me, and we will talk about it;" when we got there I asked him where he lived - and he said he rented two rooms on the first-floor, at No. 2, Duke-street, Blackfriars - I went there with Phipps and the prosecutor - the prisoner's wife was not at home, when we first went, but she came in afterwards, with the shawl on her shoulder - I found this gown-piece in a box in the back-room - I found forty sovereigns in a box, and a purse with some duplicates in it.
Cross-examined. Q. When you took him, he told you you would find his wife there, and gave you his address? A. Yes - I do not know that the woman was his wife - Duke-street is the third or fourth turning down Stamford-street.
COURT. Q. Did you say anything to the prisoner, after having seen the woman? A. No - one of the duplicates I found had the name of Polden on it.


                  CHARLES 
                  JAMES BEETSON
               



            . I am clerk in the teller's office in the Bank of England - on the 27th of January, about half-past 9 o'clock, ten £10 notes were brought in - the numbers of them are not entered in this book, which I keep - I only enter the amount and the person's name, and write on one of the notes - they were paid to the name of Jones, and the note marked is No. 19,547 - it was not the prisoner who brought them - about one o'clock the same day, a man named Warner brought several £5 notes, one of which I marked, it is No. 39,281 - he asked for sovereigns for them, and I paid him eighty sovereigns.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARNER
               



            . I am a porter, and stand at the Saracen's-head, Aldgate - on Monday, the 27th of January, I was there, and the prisoner came up to me; he asked if there was a ticket-porter there - I said there was not, but asked if it was anything I could do - he said he had some notes he wanted changed at the Bank for gold- I told him, if he mistrusted me, he might inquire my character anywhere, as I had been on the ground sixteen years - he said, "Well, come with me, I am going to the East India Arms Chop-house, in Fenchurch-street, to have a mutton-chop" - I went with him, he asked the waiter if he knew anything of me - the waiter said he did not - the prisoner said he had some notes he wanted changed for gold - the waiter said he dare say it was all right, and the prisoner counted sixteen £5 notes, in his presence, but I cannot tell the numbers - I am no scholar - I took the sixteen notes, and got eighty sovereigns for them at the Bank - he gave me this bit of paper with an address on it, which I was to put upon the notes - it is,"Mr. W. Thompson, Ospringe, Kent" - I went to the Bank, and as I could not write, I asked a gentleman there to put my name on one of them, which he did, - I delivered them to the clerk, he gave them back to me, and Mr. Beetson gave me the money - I was going back, and when I got to the East India House, I asked one of the porters what the address on the note the prisoner gave me was; a man tapped me on the shoulder, and he went with me to the East India Chophouse - I do not know who he was - when I got there, the prisoner was not there; and the man who went with me said, "Sit down, he will be here in a minute" - the prisoner came in about two minutes - I gave him the money, hecounted it, said it was all right, and gave me half-a-crown- I am quite sure it was the prisoner.
MR. BEETSON. I believe this is the man I paid the eighty sovereigns to.


                  EDWARD 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I was waiter at the East India Chophouse - what Warner states is correct - I am sure the prisoner is the man.
RICHARD CLEMENTS. I am coachman of the Chester mail - I only know that there was no such parcel in the coach when we got to Tamworth - nor was there at Hinckley, where we breakfast - it was on the way-bill, but not in the coach.
MR. SCRimgEOUR. I lost £208 in all.
(Mr. Greenhill, a musical instrument maker; 
               
                  William 
                  Calendar
               



            ; Alexander, Glass, a baker; and Mr. Robertson, a coach proprietor, gave the prisoner a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
