








1911. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BURLEY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMART
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of July
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 2 seals, value 10s.; 1 chain, value 6d., and 1 watch-key, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Sawyer
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SAWYER
               



            . I am a revenue-officer
. On the 18th of July I had been at the Pitt's Head, Bath-street, Bethnal-green


; I went at half-past four o'clock in the afternoon - there was a meeting of the weavers' society; I had not been playing at skittles; about twelve o'clock at night, as I was walking up to the skittle-ground door to come out. I saw the prisoner Williams' head above all the rest; I noticed him - when I came up, he was standing with his back against one side of the door-way; he took a step, and came in front of me, as close as he could to me - and at that moment I felt my watch going out of my pocket; I wanted to get my hands down, but I could not, as some other parties confined them: there were several persons about, but I cannot tell how many - I collared Williams and said he had got my watch, I was immediately hustled by some persons who were about; they shoved me away from him, and he immediately went off and I saw no more of him - I cannot say I noticed either of the other prisoners.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. You do not mean to say, that this meeting of the trade lasted till twelve o'clock at night? A. They had a dinner there; several of them were gone, but not all - there had been dancing; I had not danced; there was 18d. to pay for a ticket for two persons to go into the skittle ground - I had dined there, I had not seen Williams in the skittle ground; there might be half a dozen or more persons about - no woman asked me what I wanted with her husband; I was as sober as I am now; I will not swear I was not any the worse for liquor - I might be a little, but no great deal, I swear I was sober.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 19th of July I was in Ratcliff-Highway, at seven o'clock in the evening: I saw Smith, Burley, and Smart - Smith was five or six yards before the others, and she appeared to be quarrelling; I noticed them, and passed on till I came to King David's-lane, then returned, and saw them still in the highway; I saw Burley deliver something into Smith's hand - she raised her hand up, and I saw it was a watch and appendages - she went on to Mr. Hemming's shop, went in there, and stopped about two minutes - I went on to New Gravel-lane, and saw two officers - I told them my suspicious, and showed them Burley and Smart, who were standing in an uninhabited house, next door to the shop where Smith was; Smith came out of there, and went into a Jew's shop - he is a sort of general dealer; she came out in about half a minute - my brother officer said, "Where's the watch?" - I said, "Can't you see it is concealed under her apron, in her right hand" - we followed them all till they came to Bluegate-fields; Smart then parted from them, and was going up Bluegate-fields - one of my brother officers took him, and the other took Smith.


                  JOHN 
                  HENNAN
               



            . I am an officer. I secured Clark; I said, "I want you" - he said, "What for?" - I said,"Two of your party are stopped for stealing a watch, and I think you know something about it" - he said, "I know nothing of it, I have only been with them half an hour;" Smith said at the watch-house that she had had the watch of a young man, named Lacy, whom she had been living with for eight days - I fetched Lacy, and he denied having had a watch for some years.


                  HENRY 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer. I have heard what the two last witnesses have said - it is correct; I took Smith; I asked what she was going to do with the watch which I found on her - she said a sailor, named Stacy, or Lacy, gave it her; I fetched him, and he denied it.
Smith. I said Burley gave it to me.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAWYER
               



            , JUN. I am the prosecutor's son, and was with him - I was coming out with him, and saw Williams standing at the door - when my father got up to him, I heard him say he had lost his watch - I did not see either of the other prisoners there.


                  JOHN 
                  CHUMLEY
               



            . I am a labouring man. I was there, and saw Burley inside the skittle-ground - Williams was outside; about twelve o'clock I heard that Sawyer had lost his watch - I did not see Smart nor Smith.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.Were you acting as waiter there? A. Yes; the prosecutor was there from four o'clock till twelve - he was nearly outside of the door when we heard of the loss of his watch.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I am a weaver, and was in the skittle-ground. I did not hear the alarm of the watch being lost, but Burley came to my house next morning, and said that he had a watch hidden under the skittleground tiles; he asked me if I would go and get it for him - I told him No.
Burley. Q. You state that I came to your house the next morning? A. Yes, you did, between eight and nine o'clock; I was in the ground, but I did not see this done.
Burley's Defence. I was at the Pitt's Head with five respectable married people, and stopped there till twelve o'clock at night; I was not absent from them one minute during the evening.


                  MARIA 
                  MORRISON
               



            . I have known Burley for fifteen months. I was at the skittle-ground that evening with him; I went about eight o'clock - my husband was there- Burley lives in our house; we were altogether during the time I was there, and we left altogether between twelve and one; I heard it rumoured there was a watch lost - I know Burley was there after that; I cannot say that he was not at the door when this took place.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I have known Burley two years- he is a cabinet-maker. I went with him to the skittleground, and came home with him; I had my eyes upon him all the time he was there - I cannot tell at what time the prosecutor lost his watch; Burley might have gone to the door.
BURLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SMITH - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
SMART - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
WILLIAMS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
