



2113. 




GEORGE JAMES FULLER
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of April, C metal cocks, value 12s.; the goods of 



Russell Pontifex, his master.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






RUSSELL PONTIFEX
. I am a brass-founder, and live in St. Martins'-lane.

The prisoner was my apprentice—these six cocks are part of what I have lost—they have not been sold—there is no account in my books of them—the prisoner had the opportunity of taking them.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When did you ever see them before this charge? A. I can swear to having seen them about four months ago—I have my window cleaned out every now and then, and I put up these myself—I missed them about four months ago—my youngest son is authorized to sell on my account—he is not here.

Q. Do you mean that you saw these taps in the window, or some of the same description? A. I believe I saw these—I cannot say How many I have in my warehouse—I may have 200, but not in the window—those that are wrapped up in paper are kept in my counting-house—there are six or eight dozen, perhaps—the prisoner had access to my counting-house—the rest of these taps were in the window, in the rack—my son Edwin had access to them, but he was not to sell any—the whole of these were in my window four months ago—there were more with them—there might be 100, perhaps—I know these six were in the window, because I put them in myself, and never sold them—I did not count How many I put in—I only fill up the racks—I did that last about a month ago—I never count them—I should think about 100 will fill the racks.

Q. Three months ago, can you tell whether there were one hundred or one hundred and fifty? A. I have said repeatedly I do not know How many the window will hold—I missed some, seeing there was a deficiency in the rack, and I mentioned in the shop that I had been robbed again—I cannot say whether there was a deficiency of six only—I did not count them—there was a deficiency—I perceived there had been some taken away—I knew there were six taken, if not more.

Q. In the last twelve months How many of these have gone out of your shop by sale? A. I should think there must have been at least twelve dozen—I know that there were a great many more taken in a clandestine manner—I can positively say these six are not part of the twelve dozen sold—I never sold six of these various kinds mixed together in my life—I have sold numbers of cocks of each kind—we sell them in half-dozens or dozens, papered up together.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You mentioned in the shop that you had been robbed again? A. Yes—I communicated that to the prisoner among others—he promised to use his exertions to find out the thief, and I mentioned to him that I really began to be suspicious of his fidelity—he did not tell me that he had given any to Mrs. Stroud—some of these are a ball-cock pattern—here is one with a screw bottom—we do not often sell this sort, except in Yorkshire, where we send a great many—these are all new and of four different patterns—I never sold any to the prisoner, nor gave him any—I never authorized him to take any, or knew that he had done so.





ELIZABETH STROUD
. I am a widow. I did keep a shop in Grafton-street, Soho, and I sold eggs—I saw the prisoner once—he left some cocks with me about three or four months ago, about eleven o'clock in the morning—he asked if I would take care of these things that were in a parcel for William Westbrook—I said "Very well," and put them behind the shop counter on one of the shelves—I kept them till the day before yesterday, when I gave them to the officer, hearing that a robbery had been committed—they are the same I received from the prisoner—I saw Wm.

Westbrook six weeks ago in Grafton-street—I did not deliver the parcel to him, because I did not see him at my house.

Cross-examined. Q. You kept an egg shop? A. Yes—I gave it up about seven weeks ago—William Westbrook never lodged with me—I knew both the Westbrooks as neighbours—William Westbrook was then in prison for debt—I had been two or three times to see him, and sent him some eggs over—I had never seen Fuller before—I did not ask him what was in the parcel—I sent word to William Westbrook by his brother, that there was a parcel left for him—they were wrapped in brown paper—when I left I took them to where I moved my things, to Kensington, to my cousin's, but I never undid them—they were in a box with other things—I never moved them till I heard of this—I took them away in a brown paper parcel as they were—but they were coming through the old paper, and I put them into this other paper—they had never been out of my possession till I gave them to the policeman—I do not know that I had moved them at all, unless it was to put the baskets up—I observed the paper was worn out when I was packing up to go to Kensington, and put them in another paper that they should not be scattered about—I have not had any conversation with any body about this case—I came to give evidence yesterday—I went to Bow-street, because I heard that Mr. Pontifex had been robbed, and knowing that I had such things in my possession for William Westbrook, I went—I had never seen the prisoner to my knowledge before he left the parcel—we had no conversation—he came into the shop, and asked to leave them—I knew him again directly I saw him—I pointed him out amongst the persons who were there.





HENRY BERESFORD
. I am a police Inspector. I produce these cocks, which I got from Mrs. Stroud the day before yesterday.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
