



1383. 




RICHARD HENRY NEAL
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
21st of November, at 
St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, 1 watch, value 3l. 10s.; 1 watch-key, value, 10s.; and 14 yards of velvet, value 11l.; the goods of 



Samuel Therould, his master, in his dwelling-house.






SAMUEL THEROULD
. I am a silk-weaver, and live in Carter-street, Brick-lane. I occupy the whole house—it is in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-Green—the prisoner was about six months in my employ in 1833, and left on the 21st of November, 1833—he was at his loom in the afternoon, but not in the morning—he was not in the loom above an hour before this happened—there was fourteen yards of velvet in the loom—he was working on it—in about a quarter of an hour I went down to tea—(about four o'clock) the bell rang for the apprentices and the prisoner to come down to tea—the prisoner did not come down—he absconded—I

missed my watch that evening from the workshop, and this velvet—there was 1l. 1s. 6d. due to the prisoner for wages—he never came for that—I did not see him again till the 19th of May, when he was at the Bricklayers' Arms, Park-street, Oxford-street—he had engaged to weave the velvet for me—it should have been about twenty-five yards if finished—I was accountable for it, at about 16s. a yard—the part that was taken had been finished—I left him at his loom about four o'clock in the afternoon—the watch was in the same room—when the officer took charge of him he asked what date—the officer said on the 21st of November, 1833—his reply was, "If I do not mistake, I can bring proof that I was in Portugal at the time."

Prisoner. Q. I wish to know whether you left this country for America some time back? A. I did—I left with goods—I was discharged from the Marshalsea in April, 1833—I know a woman, named Burns, in George-street—I left a clock with her before I went to the Marshalsea—I have taken the benefit of the Insolvent Act—my son took some things when be left, and ran away from my residence—he is fourteen or fifteen years old—he is an unfortunate boy, I can do nothing with him—he was in the habit of being about my premises at the time the prisoner ran away.

COURT. Q. Had you any reason to suppose he took away any of your things at that time? A. No; he never entered my house without my consent.

Prisoner. Q. Do you know where he was on the day I left? A. No, I do not—about twelve or fourteen inches of the velvet were left—the manufacturer is here—he has part of it on his back—I missed ray watch nearly an hour after I missed the velvet—I drank tea down two pair of stairs—the workshop is up three stories—you were frequently left at work in the shop by yourself—there was other property which you could have taken—I never suspected you until the time in question—I remember your offerin a pair of shoes for sale on the day of the robbery.

COURT. Q. Who was in the house at the time you took your tea? A. My wife, apprentice, and children—the prisoner did not appear when the bell rang—I had left him at the loom five minutes before—the apprentice was in the workshop with him.





GEORGE GOODIER
. lam the prosecutor's apprentice. On the 21st of November, 1833, I recollect his leaving the shop, and I went down to tea, leaving the prisoner in the workshop alone—I had not noticed the watch—I saw the velvet in the loom—I returned within a quarter of an hour, and found the shop door shut—the lock was on the door, and the key turned, but it had not caught the hasp—I went into the shop, but did not miss the property till master came up—the key of the room was missing.





CHARLOTTE THEROULD
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I saw the loom before tea, and saw the velvet—when the bell rang, my husband and apprentice came down—he gave me 2d. to send my girl for some bread for the prisoner's tea; and when the tea was ready, he did not come down—I had seen him pass me on the stairs, with a lamp in his hand; and when the tea was over, I went up stairs, and found the lamp burning—he generally worked until about nine o'clock—I saw nothing more of him till he was in custody.





GEORGE DEVEREAU BOLTON
 (police-constable H 49.) I accompanied the prosecutor to the Bricklayer's Arms on the 19th of May, and took the prisoner—I told him it was on suspicion of stealing a silver watch and fourteen yards of velvet from the prosecutor, on the 21st of November, 1833—he said, "What day?"—I told him again—he said, "If I don't

make a mistake, I think I can prove that I was in Portugal at that time, by the colonel of the regiment I belonged to."





JAMES PITKIN
. I have got on a waistcoat made of part of the velvet which was left in the loom—the prosecutor stated this circumstance to me. (The prisoner put in a written defence, stating, that in June, 1833, he was imprisoned for deserting from his regiment, and discharged without any document to protect him—that on the day in question, a man named Harper called at the prosecutor's to dispose of a pair of shoes, and told him that the police were in search of him as a deserter; and, fearing a second imprisonment, he absconded, and entered into the Portuguese service, desiring Harper to inform the prosecutor the reason of hit absence;—and stating, that he believed that he was the victim of a stratagem between Harper and the prosecutor's son; that he was not in the prosecutor's employ, but merely paid him 2s. 6d. a week for the use of his loom.)





SAMUEL THEROULD

re-examined. I had not seen my son for some time before the prisoner went away; for, at that time, I believe he was in the poor-house—he had absconded and done wrong to me several times, and the officers very kindly kept him there out of the way, that he should not annoy me—the poor-house is not a quarter of a mile from my premises—I did not allow him to come into my house, as he had done wrong before, pilfering many little things—I never found him there without my inviting him—he never came, to my knowledge—I do not know a man named Harper—I never heard that the prisoner left me for fear of being arrested for deserting—no message was brought to me accounting for his absence—on the afternoon in question, he came up with two odd shoes, Which happened to fit me; one was a bad one, the other was a good one—he persuaded me to purchase them for about 3s. 6d.—I said I would not have them, as one was much worse than the other—I never saw them afterwards—he told me he had been in prison for desertion, when he worked for me—there was no man at my house that evening besides the prisoner—he never hinted that he was fearful of being apprehended for desertion—he was my servant—I was to pay him 5s. a yard for that work, and he paid 2s. 6d. a week for the use of the loom—I paid him money at different times—one week there was 3s. 6d. charged as expenses, as his wife was absent—I have never seen his wife or family since he withdrew them from my neighbourhood, a fortnight before the robbery—the prisoner looked to me for payment, and I looked to the manufacturer—he was not my servant farther than in that way—he had 2l. on account; and when he went away, I owed him 1l. 1s. 6d.

JURY. Q. Was there any means of a person going up stairs, while you were at tea, without your knowledge? A. Yes; we had tea in the bed-room up one pair of stairs—I heard nobody pass by the door, but they might have gone by—the outer door was kept shut—a stranger could come in and walk up stairs, but it is a rule for whoever leaves the shop last to lock the door and bring the key down to me—there is a screw on purpose to hang it on, but I have never seen the key since—the padlock was put on, but not fastened—I was not absent from the shop more than twenty minutes.




GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Life.
