



345. 




WILLIAM THOMPSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of December, 851/2 yards of carpet, value 6l. 10s., the goods of 



Robert Lawson, in his dwelling-house.






ANN THRALE
. I live in Kingsland-road, opposite Mr. Lawson's floor cloth manufactory. On the 18th of December, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, I was at home, and saw two men three or four yards from the shop conversing together—in a short time I saw them go nearer the door—I saw one man go in, and return with a roll of carpet which he placed on the other man's shoulders—they crossed the road with it to the side I was on—I know the prisoner to be the man who carried the carpet—I spoke' to a butcher's boy named Abel about it, and he went the shop door—Mrs. Lawson came out of the shop, and in about ten minutes the carpet was brought back in a truck; and in about five minutes the prisoner was brought back in the custody of Spencer—he had a kind of snuff-coloured coat, and a white apron, and long hair under his ears, and a hat on—I had never seen him before—I had seen both of them for three quarters of an hour about the shop—I suspected them, when they got near the shop—I saw them then for ten minutes—I was very near to them.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Could you see into the shop form your house? A. Yes—I am quite sure I saw them for three quarters of a hour, or it might be more than that—I was washing at the front window—Mr. Lawson's is nearly at the corner of the street, it joins a tailors—my suspicions were excited when they got near the door-post—I crossed over the way to a shop on business while they were there—I am certain it was the prisoner who had the carpet on his back—the other put it on—the other man had no apron on—the prisoner looked like a labouring man—I took him to be a carpenter—the other man was more respectably dreased—when the carpet was put on the prisoner's back they went away in the same direction, but the other man went to the other side of the way—they went towards the turnpike—I saw the prisoner brought back.





THOMAS ABEL
. I am a butcher's boy. Thrale gave me information, and I went over to Law son's shop and told them—I saw the prisoner walking away with a roll of carpet, and followed him about 200 yards—he then took it in his arms, and put it inside a gate before a door, and stood by it about a minute or so—he then walked a few yards away from it, and then ran.

Cross-examined. Q. After putting it down, he walked a few yards; at that time was there not a hue and cry? A. Yes—he put it down before there was a hue and cry, and walked away; he ran when there was a hue and cry—the gate was near the turnpike.





ELIZA DUGARD
. I am servant to Mr. Lawson—I was called down stairs by my mistress, and went down the road—I saw the prisoner with the carpet in his arm near a gate—I saw him put it down—he stood before it til he saw me cross the road—he then walked two or three steps, and then ran—I did not know him before—I was the breadth of the road from him—a

young man took the carpet back to the shop in a truck—and it was kept there till the policeman received it.





JOHN SCOTT
. I saw the prisoner and his companion near the shop door—I am sure the prisoner was one of the two.





THOMAS SPENCER
. I am a policeman. I saw the prisoner running away, I pursued and took him—I afterwards received a roll of carpet from Lawson's shop.





ROBERT LAWSON
. I live In Kingland-road in the parish of st. Leonard, Shoreditch. This carpet is mine—I have had about a month—it stood about five feet from my door, inside the shop, on other rolls of carpet—it is worth 6l.,10s.,—there are eighty-five yards and a half, worth 1s., 6d., a yard—it is Ventein stair carpet.





THOMAS SPENCER

re-examined. I was before the Magistrate When the prisoner was examined—his examination was read over to him—I saw him sign It (looking at it) this is his signature—I also saw the Magistrate sign it.

MR. DOANE. Q. Was he asked if it was true, and whether he had any thing to add? A. Yes—(read)—"The prisoner says I have nothing more to say than I was employed to carry it."

MR. DOANE,for the prisoner, stated that he had been hired by a respect-table person to carry the carpet to the turnspike, where they were to take a cab)
(John Wetherell, shoemaker, Pulmstree-court, Shoe-lane; and James smith, shoemaker, Compton-street, Clerkenwell; deposed to the prisoner's good character)




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.

