





1196. 
               
                  
                     LOUISA 
                     LOWE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
, 1 sovereign and 9 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Archibald 
                           Jefferson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
ARCHIBALD JEFFERSON. I am a seaman. I met the prisoner on the 27th of May, near the White Lion, Shadwell; I gave her a glass of spirits - she took me to a lodging, and I went to bed; I looked and saw a sovereign and nine shillings safe in my pocket - I put my clothes under my head, and in about a quarter of an hour, felt something fumbling about my head; I said "You have robbed me;" she said she had not, and told me to look in my pockets - I felt, and the money was gone; she flung out of the room - I called the Police, but she was gone before any one came; she was taken the next day - I had had a few pots of beer and some refreshment with four of my shipmate; I drank nothing with her.
Prisoner. Q. Was there not another female in company? A. Yes, at the public-house, but she did not go home - I am quite sure there was none there.
JURY. Q. Where was your money? A. The sovereign in my inside pocket on the left side, and the silver in my right-hand waistcoat pocket - I put it all correct under my head.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBINS
               



            . I took the prisoner in the White Lion public house on the following morning; she denied having any thing about her, but at the station she wished the prosecutor to go with her where they were the night before, and she would try to make the money up with him.
Prisoner. I treated him with liquor at the public-house - I met him; he asked me to go home, and gave me 3s. for the bed.




               GUILTY (of stealing, but not from the person.)
             Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
