





131. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     AUSTIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, 2 brooches, value 10s., and 1 ring, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Oldham
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  OLDHAM
               



            . I am servant
 at a cheesemonger's, in Newgate-street


 - the shop does not communicate with the house. On the 24th of October these things were in a drawer in the garret; I caught the prisoner, who is a stranger, coming down the stairs, between two and three o'clock, and secured him; he said he was looking for some merchant, who he knew lived somewhere about there - he did not name him, but said he was a foreigner, and could not speak English very well; but he understood what was said before the Alderman; an officer was sent for, who found this property of mine on him - I had seen it in the drawer about twelve o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  RICHMOND
               



            . I am a street-keeper. I was fetched to Mr. Roberts', in Newgate-street, and found the prisoner in the parlour; I took him up to the second floor room, to search him, and as he entered I observed his hand go on one side, and on taking a handkerchief out of his pocket, this ring fell into his hat; among a variety of other things in his pocket, I found this brooch, and on the floor I found a brooch to match the ring - he said he came there to look for some foreigner; he spoke bad English, but spoke better before the Alderman, and understood every thing perfectly.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he had come from Bavaria, in search of a merchant named Masenbach, who had told him he lived on the third floor of the house in question - that he had gone there to call on him, and finding the door open went up stairs.


                  SARAH 
                  OLDHAM
               



            . The private door is not usually open - it has occassionally been left a jar.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
