




310. 




JOHN NOBLE
 and 




ROBERT DUBES
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
30th of November, at 
St. Mary, Newington. 1 trunk, value 3s.; 3 watches, value 20l.; 1 milk-jug, 4l.; 21 spoons, value 9l. 10s. 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 15s.; 10 sovereigns, 20 half-crowns, 40 shillings, and 20 sixpences, and 1 £5 bank-note; the goods and monies of Thomas Shearman, in his dwelling-house.



MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS SHEARMAN
. I am a grocer, and in the general line, and live in Amelia-street, Walworth-road, in the parish of St. Mary, Newington. On Thursday evening, the 1st of December, I missed a trunk from my bed-room, containing plate and money, there were 10 sovereigns, and upwards of 5l. in silver, twenty-one spoons, three watches, one gold, one silver, and one metal, some papers, and a pocket-book—I stated the amount as upwards of 50l. as I did not know—Francis Shearman is my nephew, he had access to my house, but had not been there upwards of a fortnight—he had before that—he knew the situation of my property.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How lately before had you seen this property? A. Not from the morning of the day before—we had not any occasion to go to it on Wednesday.





FRANCIS SHEARMAN
. I am the nephew of Thomas Shearman, and am thirteen years old—I had been in the habit of being at my uncle's house—I remember meeting the two prisoners about three weeks ago—I knew them by sight a little—they asked me if I knew any of my friends whom I thought that they could rob—after some persuasion, I told them about my uncle—this took place in a house in St. Giles's-street—Noble and Dubes took me there—Noble said I had better go to my uncle's on Wednesday—I agreed to do so—I slept in their place that night—I went to my uncle's on Wednesday—Dubes said at first I had better go on Saturday, but Noble said on Wednesday—I went about half-past five o'clock to a public-house in the next street to my uncle's—we remained there about five minutes—when they came out Noble stood at the top of the street, and Dubes came and stood opposite to my uncle's door, and he told me to go up and get the box (I had told them that there was something in a box—the door was on the jar, and) I went in, and went up and got the box, and brought it down, and Dubes took it from me—I got it from the side of the bed in my uncle's room—Noble was at the top of the street, within sight—Dubes carried the box as far as Blackfriars-bridge, and then, Noble carried it—while Dubes carried it, Noble and I walked on the other side of the way—Noble said they had better not go through the City with it, they might be known and stopped—we were going to take it to Moore's house—we took it to St. Giles's, where we had slept, and Dubes broke it open with a piece of iron that they use for a poker—there were two girls in the room at the time—there were some spoons, I believe, wrapped up in a paper, but Dubes put them into his pocket, and the milk-pot too, and Noble put the gold into his pocket—he took it up so quick that I could not see what it was—there were sovereigns—I saw nothing else—there were three watches, a gold one, a silver one, and a metal one, and we had one a-piece—I had the gold one and Noble the silver one—after that they told the girls to burn the paper and the box, and we went down and took a cab, and rode a little below Leather-lane, and we got out, Noble and Dubes went into Mr. Alexander's, which is one the right-hand side down Field-lane, with the plate—I stood opposite the door, and Mr. Alexander stood at the door—and then a woman came and looked our—and then Mr. Alexander came and looked out, and then he went into

the back parlour with Noble and Dubes—and then they came out with 4l., which they said Mr. Alexander gave them for the plate—they went down to Moore's, where they used to lodge—I went with them, and Noble threw 1s. on the table for a light—Moore's house is lower down in Field-lane—Noble took the light, and went up into the top room and counted the money out, and shared it—then they came down, and Moore saw the watches—he had all three of them in his hand—and he said the gold one I had was a pinchback one—Dubes took all the watches, and went to Alexander to sell them—he came back, and said he had asked 3l. for the watches, and Mr. Alexander only offered him 2l.—and then Noble said, "I will go and see if I can do him"—he went and came back, and said, "Mr. Alexander has given me 2l. and half-a-crown for the watches"—I got 6s. 4 1/2d.—Moore then went to change the silver—he tied it up in a handkerchief—we then went to a hours in Farringdon-street, to have something to drink.

Cross-examined. Q. What did you drink? A. I had some ale, they had rum, but I did not—it was about half-past eight o'clock at night—I had before this been living with my mother, at No. 58, Shoe-lane—a boy named Green had asked me to come out, and then he asked me to keep out—and I staid out—I had been at school before, living with my father and mother—I did nothing with Green—I have known him five years—we used to play about together—I left my father's house about twelve o'clock, and went over to my uncle—I saw him, and met Green again about six o'clock, and went to the Surrey Theatre, and came away about twelve o'clock, and then he said he knew a place to lodge at—I slept with Green, but no one else—I have not been home since—the next day we met Noble—I have been in the Compter since, and came from there now.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You got into bad company, and on that account were forced to leave your mother's house? A. Yes, that was it.





JAMES MOORE
. I am a porter, and live at No. 8, Field-lane—the prisoners were lodgers of mine—three or four weeks ago they came to my house with Shearman—they borrowed a candle to go up stairs together—they all three went up—when they came down I observed they were talking together, and had some money—I saw some watches—they asked me if I could change some silver—I said I thought I could at Mr. Gurney's, who changed a good deal for country-people—the two prisoners gave me 2l. a piece, and the little one (Shearman) 2l. 10s.—Noble went out, and when he came back, I heard him say he had got 2l. and half-a-crown.

Cross-examined. Q. Who do you work for? A. I have been at work in Newgate and Farringdon markets for fourteen years—I know the prisoners no further than being lodgers—it did not excite my suspicious that they should have money—I never saw them without money—I worked for Mr. Chiggle, in Clare-market, and for a gardener at Deptford, who comes to Farringdon-market—I keep no shop—I live in the lower part of the house—there is no shop—I do not sell any thing—there are three rooms up stairs—the first floor and the second floor have been let, ever since I have been in the house, to a person of the name of Nitch.





GEORGE CRAWLEY
 (City police-constable, 61.) I took the prisoner Noble at lodgings in a house in Lazarus-court, Broad-way, Holborn—I saw the two prisoners along with two prostitutes—I took Shearman with me—he pointed out the place—I searched Noble, and found a sovereign, a hall-sovereign, 7s., and 5 1/2d.—this life-protector was in the room—this was Wednesday evening, the 2nd of December.


Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen the women before? A. Yes; about West-street, and the other streets.





CHARLES WALLER
. (City police-sergeant.) I went with Crawley, and took Dubes—I found on him three sovereigns, a half-sovereign, and 11s. in silver—I went to their lodgings again on Monday the 5th of December—I found this iron which was used for a poker, and in the fire-grate two odd hinges, a brass handle, and two holders for it in a burnt state.

Cross-examined. Q. You found the things two or three days after you took the prisoners? A. Yes.





THOMAS SHEARMAN
. I really believe these are the things that were on the trunk, by the observation of their being odd hinges—I had observed that before I lost the trunk.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you not said that they were covered with leather? A. I have—they were so, but they were two odd hinges—I do not swear to them positively.





SARAH SHEARMAN
. I think this handle is what was on the trunk—it is similar to it—the trunk had two odd hinges—the handle had a hole on one side of it.





FRANCIS SHEARMAN

re-examined. This is the poker that was in the room, and that the box was broken open with—I know it by the marks on it.
(MR. PAYNE
addressed the Court, contending that the evidence of the accomplice could not be depended on.)

NOBLE—


GUILTY
.—Aged 18.

DUBES—


GUILTY
.—Aged 19




Transported for Life.
