




1014. 




WILLIAM JONES
 and 




THOMAS DITNON
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
22d of March, 6 glazed window-sashes, value 3l. the goods of 



Luke Freeman, being fixed to a certain building, against the Statute.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.





GEORGE BOLTON
 (police-constable H 49.) On the morning of the 22d of March, I was on duty in Well-street, Mile-end New-town—I saw the house, No. 1, safe at five o'clock, and at twenty minutes after five o'clock I observed the sashes were taken out—I got assistance, and got in at the back door, which was open—I found the six sashes which had been taken out, standing against the lower room window cill, in the yard—I went up stairs to the one-pair back room, and I found the two prisoners behind the door, up in a corner—I said "I have been long looking for you, and have caught you at last"—there had been one sash taken from that room, one from the front room, and four others from other rooms—I took the prisoners to the station—part of the window-frame in the front room had been chipped—I searched Ditnon, and found on him two knives—neither of them gave any account how they came there, or what they were doing—but before the Magistrate, they said they went there to sleep—there had been six sashes removed.





BENJAMIN WISBEY
. On the 22d of March, I was in my master's barn at five o'clock—Bolton placed me at the back door of the next house, to watch—I looked over the gate, and saw the two prisoners standing in the yard—they looked at me over the top of the door—they then stooped down—I called to the policeman, "Here they are"—the prisoners then got over a wall, five feet high, and ran up stain—I went up with the policeman—what he has stated is true.





JOHN WILLIAM DENNIS
 (police-constable H 38.) I broke in at the yard door, and saw Jones run up stain—I followed and saw both the prisoners there.





ROBERT NEAVE
 (police-sergeant H 9.) I took the sashes to the station, and have kept them safe ever since—I stood at the front door, while the other officer took the prisoners.





GEORGE HART
. I am a baker, and have the care of this house—Mr. Wynne is my landlord. I had the key—the house had been empty some time—it was all safe between four and five o'clock on the 21st of March—the policemen gave the alarm the next day; and these sashes were missing—the persons must have entered at the shop door, by false keys—there was no breaking in—I can swear these are the sashes.





CHARLES WYNNE
. I am house agent to Luke Freeman, Esq. I gave the key of this house to Hart, to show it—it is Mr. Freeman's property—these sashes are worth 3l.

Jones's Defence. I met this young man at half-past two o'clock that morning, he asked me if I was going home—I said it was too late, and he asked me to take a walk with him; we saw the door of this house open, and went in and slept—we heard an alarm, ran up stairs and were taken.
(Richard Carter, a weaver of Devonshire-street, and Joseph Murton,

gave Jones a good character; and Joseph Dyer, a weaver, No. 5, Patience-street, street, engaged to employ him.)

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined Six Months.

DITNON—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
