





1078. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     DEARLOVE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of April
, 40 ostrich-feathers, value 4l. 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Foster
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution.


                  CHARLES 
                  DUNCAN
               



            . I had the management of Mr. Foster's business in April last, during his absence - he lives in Wigmore-street, Cavendish-square


; the prisoner had been in his service, I think, a year, as a cleaner and dyer of feathers
 - I had given him notice to leave; he was to leave about a week before Mr. Foster returned. On the day he was to leave, the 4th of April, I asked to search his box, which was in the room he slept in, to which he agreed - I went with him to the room; he went to his box, turned different things about, and said he was not quite ready for me to see the contents - I waited some time; he turned different things over, and when I approached the box he said he was not quite ready - he then left the room, returned with a purple bag, and, I believe, the bag which was afterwards found; I had not then looked into his box; when he brought the bag he took it to his box, and filled, or partly filled, it from the box; I did not see what he put in - I suspected they were articles belonging to Mr. Foster - I went down stairs, and went for an officer; in my absence the prisoner quitted the room - I had left him in charge of one of the porters; I believe he had nothing in his hand then - when I returned he was in the room where the boxes were; several persons were there, and inquiry was made for a bag, which could not be found - the box was then searched; some black feathers were found, and some pink saucers, used for dying - the prisoner was employed as a dyer in a room under that; I made inquiries, and this bag was brought, which contained several white ostrich feathers and a piece of velvet; these are the articles - I believe the articles in the bag are the prosecutor's.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I believe they are difficult to identify? A. I cannot say that I can swear they are Mr. Foster's - the prisoner locked the box when he left the room; other persons had access to that room - the prisoner's bed was there; I could not identify pink saucers - I have heard the prisoner has said that persons go down to Wapping and purchase feathers of sailors, but I do not know it.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did any body but the prisoner sleep there? A. I cannot swear they did not, but no one but him usually slept there; I should think no one but him could have access to the box.



                  CAROLINE 
                  FRENCH
               



            . I am the prosecutor's niece, and am employed by him. On the day stated I found this blue bag behind a knife-board, near the kitchen; I had not seen the bag before - it was given to the officer, but I did not see it opened.


                  FRANCES 
                  JOINER
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Foster. On the day in question I saw the prisoner with something in his arms; I cannot say what it was - he went across the room I was in, and out at a door towards the stairs, which leads to the kitchen; that was after Mr. Duncan went out.


                  WILLIAM 
                  IRELAND
               



            . I am an officer. I went to take the prisoner - I said to him, when he came down, "What a pity it is for a young man like you to commit yourself in this thieving way;" and he said there were two or three more in it, but he should not say any thing about them; this was after I had found this property - I found in the box these black feathers and pink saucers; this bottle of perfume, these white feathers, velvet, and flowers were in the bag which Duncan gave me - the prisoner said they were all his own property.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear him say he was in the habit of going to ships? A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I live in Wigmore-street. I was absent when this happened; it is impossible for me to say that these are my feathers - I had thousands of them; the prisoner had the dyeing of them, but they should not be in his bed-room; we use a great many of these saucers - I cannot swear to these white feathers; the last lot I bought of them was three thousand five hundred, and I cut some notches on four or five of them with my pen-knife, and delivered them to the prisoner to try an experiment; this is one of them that I notched - I could not swear to the others; I suppose they are worth 3l. or 4l.
COURT. Q. Was the prisoner employed to dye feathers? A. Yes; they should be kept in the regular place, which we call the dye-house, till they were dyed; he was not to keep any of them in his room - some of these black feathers are not well dyed, but they are finished.


                  FRANCES 
                  JOINER
               



            . I can swear to these flowers, by having made them.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You would scarcely know these from French flowers? A. Oh yes, I know my own work; I cannot say but these might have been sold.


                  JOSEPHINE 
                  VIDET
               



            . I know these roses; I had seen them at Mr. Foster's.
Cross-examined. Q.These are made in Paris? A. Yes; great numbers of them come to this country - there is no mark on them.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Whose velvet is that? A. Mr. Foster's; I had used some of it - I made these other flowers- it is Genoa velvet; there is no private-mark on these flowers - some are made with a machine.


                  CHARLES 
                  DUNCAN
               



             re-examined. Q.Is this the bag that the prisoner came in with? A. I believe it is; it was like this, in appearance, colour, and size - I left him in the room with it; I do not know what he put into it.
COURT. Q. Could you not see what he put into it? A.No, I was not close to him, and the lid of the box was between us - I did not observe what he put in; I did not think he was so bad, and thought it might be dirty linen.
Cross-examined. Q. Would not these waving feathers have shown? A. No - I was within three yards of him; the box was on a table; he was about five minutes filling the bag - there was not any thing to have prevented my making a snatch at the bag, and calling for assistance, but I did not.


                  ANN 
                  DAWSON
               



            . I was servant to the prosecutor - the prisoner gave me this plume of feathers about three months ago.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been respectably brought up in the country - I had made discoveries in dyeing feathers, and got a connection; I used to buy feathers of sailors and others - the whole of this property is mine; the room door was open - any one could get in.
COURT to MR. FOSTER. Q.Was you stock deficient? A. Yes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
