





Before Mr. Baron Bailey.
1884. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HEAVEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously forging a bill of exchange for the sum of 15l. 1s. 6d.,(setting it forth, dated the 2nd of May 1832, at three months after date, on 
                     
                        John 
                        Smith
                     



                  , High-street, Maidstone, signed Whittaker and Co.) with intent to defraud 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lindsay
                        




.
SECOND COUNT, for uttering the same with a like intent.
THREE OTHER COUNTS, for forging an acceptance of the said bill, and uttering the same with a like intent.
MR. CRESWELL conducted the prosecution.
JOHN LINDSAY. I live in Earl-street west, Edgware-road


, and am sub-collector of the parochial rates
. The prisoner lodged with me - he did not pay his rent regurlarly; I applied for it several times - it was about 8l.; and on the 14th of June he gave me this bill to get discounted to pay my rent and give him the difference - I endorsed it, and got it discounted at Henry Hodson's, in New Church-street - I paid 5s. for the discount, and paid the prisoner 7l. 2s. 6d.; on its becoming due, it was returned to me as dishonoured; I paid it - the prisoner had then removed to Mr. Clark's, at Kilburn; he had remained five weeks with me after paying me the bill.
Prisoner. Q. What was the cause of my leaving? A. In consequence of his getting my son turned out of a situation, I gave him notice to leave - when he gave me the bill, I asked him if it was on Whitaker, of Ave Maria-lane; he said it was, and that he got it from them for work he had done for them.


                  GEORGE 
                  BYROM
               



             WHITAKER. I am one of the firm of Whitaker and Co., Ave Maria-lane. This bill was not drawn by me, or any member of our firm; the prisoner never worked for our house; but he worked for another house in a trade-book, in which our house holds a small share - we were not the managing persons; Mr. Collingwood, who is now dead, managed it - we have a correspondent named 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



            , at Maidstone, but never drew bills on him.
Prisoner. Q. Is the bill drawn in the way your firm sign? A. No, we never draw in the names Whitaker and Co.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a bookseller, and live in Week-street, Maidstone. The acceptance to this bill is not my writing - I do not know whose it is, and have not the least suspicion; I formerly lived in High-street - I know no John Smith in High-street; there was 
               
                  Jacob 
                  Smith
               



            , a linen-draper, there - I do not know his hand-writing; I do not know the prisoner.


                  BALTIMORE 
                  CLUBB
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Luke and Wilkinson, solicitors. I caused the prisoner to be apprehended at Mr. Clark's, Kilburn-wells; I am Lindsay's brother-in-law - I took Jones, a Policeman, with me, on the 9th of August, about nine o'clock in the evening; he was not at home, but came in shortly after - we were waiting in the neighbourhood, and Mrs. Clark sent for us; I said,"Mr. Heaven, I am very sorry, but I am obliged to give you in charge of this Policeman, on a charge of uttering a forged bill of exchange" - he said nothing then; on our way to the station, I said it was an unlucky thing - he said he did not intend to defraud Mr. Lindsay, but he had hoped, by getting money for some work he had published, to have got sufficient to have taken up this bill: at the station he wished me to use my influence with my brother-in-law, not to prefer the charge, as he should then be discharged; I cannot tell his precise words.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner in charge at Kilburn, Middlesex.
Prisoner's Defence. I feel myself in a most distressing situation - I never attempted or wished to wrong Mr. Lindsay in any way; I trust any favourable point in my case will be considered, also my having a wife and children; I have hitherto moved in a respectable situation in life - I declare I never used the name of Whitaker and Co., nor did the prosecutor ask me the question.



               GUILTY of uttering
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Life
            .
