




1358. 



JAMES WILLIAMS
 was again indicted

for stealing, on the 
18th of January, 2 tea-chests, value 4l., the goods of 



Jabez Harris.






JABEZ HARRIS
. I am a cabinet-maker and live in South-street, Greenwich. On the 18th of May I lost two tea-chests, hich I have not found—the prisoner is a stranger to me.





AMELIA JUDD
. I am fifteen years old, and live at Greenwich work-house. I saw the prisoner on a Wednesday, some months ago, (but I do not know the day of the month,) in South-street, between one and two o'clock—I saw him open Mrs. Harris's door, go in and take out the two tea-chests, which stood on a table—he brought them out, and tied them up in a blue handkerchief—there was nobody in the shop—I gave information directly they inquired about it, to the pot-boy outside the window.

Prisoner. Q. Where were you when you saw me enter the shop? A. At Mrs. Ashdown's—that is on the same side of the way—I was standing at the door—I was outside the door when I saw you, for about a minute.

COURT. Q. How could you see the table inside the shop? A. Harris said they stood on a table—he stood at the door about half a minute to wrap them up, and then walked away quickly—I have no doubt of his being the man.





JOHN OLIVER HANDON
 (police-constable R 270.) I took the prisoner into custody on another charge, and Judd identified him.





JABEZ HARRIS

re-examined. I was sitting at dinner below the shop, and heard a footstep—I went up, and heard the door shut—I went into the shop, and missed the two tea-chests which stood near the door—I ran out, and saw the witness, who said she saw a man go by a moment before—she said she had seen him go into the shop, and directed me after him.

Prisoner. Q. When did you miss the two tea-chests? A. Within two or three minutes after hearing the door shut—it must have been nearly two minutes before I went out—the witness's mistress lives seven doors off—she could see a person come out of my house.

Prisoner's Defence. When taken before the Magistrate, I had a chair in the middle of the room, and there were four policemen in their police dresses, two standing on each side of me, and Mr. Harris—the girl was then introduced, and asked if I was the person—she looked round—there was nobody in plain clothes but myself, Mr. Harris, and two Greenwich constables, and of course I was the only stranger to her in the office—I was to have a fair chance of being identified, and that was the chance I had, being placed between six or seven officers—the girl might have seen me at the end of January or beginning of February go up and down that street, as I called in at Mr. Harris's about the 26th of January or the 2nd or 3rd of February—she stated before the Magistrate that I walked two or three times before the door before I entered the shop, and I certainly did so at that time—I saw nobody in the shop, and rang the bell, and Mr. Harris and his son came to me—Mr. Harris told the Magistrate that he had no recollection of my calling, and when I did call, he told me he was not in want of anybody—I asked him the nearest way to Deptford, and he directed me—the officer took me to Mr. Harris's son—he said he certainly had a slight recollection of me, but could not identify me as the person who called for employment.

MR. HARRIS
re-examined. Several people have called for work—I do not know the prisoner, but my son has since said, "I think you said something to a man who called, and I told him to go down the lane"—

that is quite another way to the way the man ran who the girl saw—the tea-chests had been gone nearly a month then.





AMELIA JUDGE

re-examined. I saw him walk backwards and forwards before he went into the shop—he passed me when he was coming away, and bad the things under the handkerchief—I told the prosecutor which way he had run.




GUILTY
. Aged—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
