



297. 




THOMAS JACKSON
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving of an evil-disposed person, on the 
23d of November, at 
St. Paul, Deptford, 2 bronze images, value 100l., the goods of 



Benjamin Oakley, well knowing them to be stolen.

Mr. ADOLPHUS
conducted the Prosecution.





BENJAMIN OAKLEY
. I live at Eden Cottage, at Beckenham, in Kent. I had three bronze images on my lawn, and missed two on the 23rd of November—they would be four or six feet high if they stood upright—one was a Grecian female figure resting on a plinth, the other was a dying gladiator—here is a drawing representing them as nearly as possible—It was produced before the Justice at the examination, and shown to Margaret O'Neill—they have never been found—I offered a reward of ten guiness for the recovery of them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. That was made public through all the neighbourhood? A. Yes; the bills were circulated a few days afterwards—here is a copy of the bill.





MARGARATE O'NEIL
. My husband is a labouring man—on the 23rd of November, I lived at the priosner's house, in Mill-lane, Deptford—he is a dealer in marine stores and lets out carts and horses—four weeks ago last Monday night, at about eleven o'clock, I saw a cart stop at his door—I was up stairs looking out of my bed-room window—It was a clear night—my window is on the first floor—they had a lighted candle out of doors—I went to the window—looked out and saw a cart stop at the door—I saw a man named Parish go in, and bring out Mr. Jackson—there was a young man with the cart besides Parish—Mr. Jackson came out and held the candle in his hand—Parish went to the cart and said to the boy in it, "Come out of the cart David"—parish went and stripped down some hay for the images—Jackson was present—the images were covered with hay—he turned to Jackson, and said, "Jackson how long is it since you saw your grandfather?"—I thought it was a joke about the images—they laughed about it down stairs, and I laughed up stairs at the window, and they said to me "Take in your head from that window, and don't be grinning there"—I said, "I think you will grin somewhere by-and-by"—I stopped at the window till they brought both the images in—they first brought in the male figure, and then the female figure—the first was what they called the grandfather—I could not see what it represented—the man had a curled head, and the other was a woman with her head leaning on her shoulder—they left the horse and cart, and took the images in, and closed the gate—there is a pair of

gates to the house and a yard—I then went to bed, and was not many minutes in bed before Mrs. Jackson came up stairs, and said, "Mrs. O'Neil, my dear, come down and see the images, for they have come at last"—I went down stairs to the kitchen, and saw Mr. Jackson there sitting with his bark against the table—he had a slate in his hand, and a pencil, and he said to me, "Well, Mrs. O'Neil, Parish has made a good day to-day"—I said, "Well he can pay to you now what he owes you"—I think he said, that by his calculation the goods would come to 7l. odd—he told me even to the pence, but I forget, it now—Parish and the other man were not present—they were putting the horse into the stable—I know the cart was Jackson's—I could not read any name on it—I had seen it in his possession several times—my husband has worked it himself—I took the female figure by the hand, and said, "Poor thing, how innocent she looks"—I looked at the male figure, and said, "I think he is something like death, "for he was very thin—I put my hand on him—I said, "Perhaps it may be a scheme off Parish to bring it here when it is not metal."and I sounded it with my hand, and found it was metal, or something—I turned the woman up—I looked at them—they were like this drawing—I should know them in twenty years—I saw the drawing before the Justice—I raised the woman up, and looked underneath, and said it was either brass or copper—I could not tell which—there was a woman named Mrs. Sims in the prisoner's house—she bought the candle behind their backs, and she found something on the woman's right shoulder, like a name as she thought, but she could not read any more that I could—there was another man, and his wife in the kitchen, when I went down, who had been eating their supper—Mr. and Mrs. Gollocker, and Mrs. Gollocker got up to see if she could make any thing of the name, but she could not—she could read—I sat by the fire, lighted a pipe, and smoked—I came down on that excuse—Mrs. Jackson had called me down, but I smoked my pipe after I got down—Parish came in after putting up the horse, and the boy who was with him, said, "Now Parish we shall have half-a-pint of rum on the strength of these images"—Parish put his hand in his pocket, pulled out his purse, and gave him some money, and said, "Bring rum and shrub, for Mrs. Jackson does not drink any thing else"—when the boy brought the rum they took it into Ms. Jackson's bed-room—I had to go through there to go to my bed-room—they took me by the shoulder and wanted to give me some—I said to myself I would not have it, for I would let the people outside know of it; and if I wanted rum I could get it—I stood on the stairs afterwards, and said to the boy, in the prisoner's hearing, "I think, my lad, you have brought yourself to something this time; for you have been at Bromley all day, and I think I know where you got these things"—I thought he had got them from the College at Bromley—nothing more passed that night—when I came down on Tuesday morning, about seven o'clock, I looked round to where I had seen the images at night; and said to Mrs. Jackson, "Why, my God! where are the images?"—her husband was not present, he was out—I saw him between two and three o'clock on Tuesday—the moment I came into the door, he said, "Well, Mrs. O'Neil, that job is settled, Parish has paid his door, and his horse is now his"—I said, "Well, a good thing: if you keep him so, you need not be fretting and stewing yourself"—on Wednesday morning I was going to breakfast, and had a few words with my husband, but not in anger—Jackson was present, and took it up—I said "The bigger the rogue was, the better he was looked upon"—Jackson said, "Oh, Mrs. O'Neil, I know what you are hinting at"—I

said, "Well, if the cap does not fit you, you need not wear it"—I was not angry at the time, though he might think so—but he smacked his fingers in my face, and said, "Parish and me do not care that for you"—I said, "I will make you care for me; you sold the dolls for 16l., and put Parish off with 6l."—I had heard that from Mrs. Parish—I said,—I will wear my shoes off, but I will find where those images came from; I will make you care for me"—he said nothing more, but he seemed calmer afterwards—that was all that passed—I went to Woolwich about my own affairs, and when I came home in the evening I had a few rags, which I sold to Jackson—I sell laces and things, and take rags and things in exchange for them—he paid me 2s. for the rags—I went into the kitchen, and was not there many minutes, when Mrs. Parish came for me—I went with her to Jackson—he stood in his storehouse, over the rag-him, and he said to me, "Well, Mrs. O'Neil, this is a serious piece of business" I said, "What is the matter?"—he said, "Why about these images"—I said, "It is no more than I expected; I told you they would be out in hand-bills; if a gentleman lost them, he would not lose them for a good deal—I thought they were old family concerns"—I had not heard of any hand-bills being published at that time—he said, "Well, Mrs. O'Neil there is a reward out for them of a few pounds"—I said, "Well, I know nothing about it, and I do not want"—Mrs. Parish said, "It is no use to be blindfolding people, Jackson, for there it guineas"—that was the first I heard of a reward, and I never thought of it afterwards in my life—If there were a thousand bills in the window, I could not read them—he said, "Well, Mrs. O'Neil, the business is, as it is, and if you keep your mind to yourself, and say nothing about what have seen, I shall make Parish give you 1l."—I said, "I shall have no pound, not any thing at all; I want no pound"—he said, "Let me tell you the times are very bad, and a pound at this time would be very requisite"—I said, "It would be no use, for more had seen it besides me"—he said, "Well, but Gollocker must have 1l. too, for you know that I did not steal them; it was not me"—he said, "What a serious thing it would be to take me from my wife and family through it, when I had no hand in it"—I said, "I think you had the greatest hand in it, for you received them; and you sold them, as Mrs. Parish tells me, for 16l., and here she is; you paid Parish only 6l., and charged him 4s. for going in your own male cart to make sale of them"—he told me the hand-bill was in Mrs. Muslins's window, at the corner of Mill-lane—I said "Well, what a place they have chosen to put it; the very top of the lane"—I came home then—his store-house is four or five doors from the house I live in—Mrs. Parish and me went up the lane—she could read the bill—she eyed it out for me in the window, and pointed it out, but she dare not go near it—I saw a bill there—I came home and went to bed, and on Thursday went out to work—on Thursday night, when I came home, I left Jackson's, and went to another house—I said, "Jackson, I have a few rags and bones"—he said, "Well, you can have my male," and he said, "I will not have any thing for my cart, only 6d. for the feed of the mule"—he afterwards came out and said, "What do you think of Parish, O'Neil? don't you think he is a d—rogue? I have a mind to turn round upon him"—I said nothing to Jackson then—On Friday night Mrs. Parish came down to me, and wanted to borrow 6d.—I said I had not one, but I would borrow one of Jackson, and I met Jackson against the cage, with two men he used to sell his metal, to—he said, "Well, there is no down on Parish yet"—I said, "No, there

is more reason they should be down upon you"—he gave me the shilling and I gave it to Mrs. Parish—I went to Mrs. Maslins's to inquire about the bill, as I could not tell where the things came from—I went to Mr. Brown, the baker, for the bill, and he went and brought it, he read it to me, and gave it to me—that was on Friday night—I have got it now—on Saturday morning I got up and had breakfast, and went to Mr. Oakley's house, Eden-cottage—I first went to the constable, and his boy took me to the prosecutor's, and I told Mr. Oakley's what I knew—this was four weeks ago, next Saturday—I went to Mr. Oakley's the Saturday after the deed was committed on Monday—I went before the Justice on Monday, at Deptford.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I believe the very first thing you said was, "this happened four weeks last night?" A. Yes; that is so—It was about eleven o'clock at night—It might be a little before or after—I was examined before the Magistrate, and said that Jackson said, "Parish has made a good day to-day"—I believe what I said was taken down in writing, and read over to me—I put my mark to it—I am sure I told the Magistrate so—I do not know whether I stated that I said how innocent the lady looked, and the man looked like death—all I have said to-day I said before the Magistrate, but I might not exactly say he was like death, but I said it to myself—I gave proper evidence to the Magistrate—I am sure I told him that I said, "How innocent she looks," and that I took her by the hand, and that the prisoner snapped his fingers in my face, and said he did not care for me—and that he had sold the dolls for 16l. and given Parish only 6l., and that I said I would wear my shoes out but I would find who the images belonged to, and that he became very calm after that—he was quire calm and good-natured—I do not know whether he liked it or not—I told the Magistrate that the prisoner said, "Well, Mrs. O'Neil, this is a serious piece of business," and that I said, "It was no more than I expecated"—I told that to the gentleman who wrote it down, and I told the Magistrate that Jackson said he would make Parish give me 1l., and that I said I did not wish to mix myself up with it—I do not know whether I would have taken the pound—I might have it if I chose—I believe I owe the prisoner 6s. for rent—I do not owe him 10l. not 3l.—I cannot say whether it was 4l., my husband will tell you—I did not contract any debts with Jackson—he never settled with me, therefore I do not know—he did not turn me out of the house, for he offered me the bed he lay upon if I would stop in his house—he told me himself about this—that came into my own head—jackson did not say there were hand-bills about at that time—I told the Magistrate that I said to the boy, "You have been to Bromley, and got these images"—I did not tell him where I thought he had got them from, but I thought it to myself—It was taken down, and read over to me.

Q. How many persons slept in the room with you and your husband? A. There were four beds; Mrs. Gollocker, two men, me, and my husband, slept in the room, but Mrs. Gollocker was not in bed at the time—the two men were in bed—I bed taken nothing to drink that night, nor had my husband—I was as sober as possible that night as sober as I am now—I told the magistrate that my head was out of the window, looking out, and that they asked me what I was grinning at—I did not take notice of the night—I took notice of what was in the cart, for I had the light of the candle to see by—the two men who were in bed were close to the

window—they were awake, and talking to me at the time—I only spoke a word to the people, they were laughing all the time—they never got up to see what was going on—they heard me—I told the people outside they would be grinning by-and-by, and I said that before the Magistrate, and that I said to Jackson, "The bigger the rogue the better he was looked upon"—the clerk took that down, and he read it over, and asked me if it was true, and I afterwards signed it—I had no quarrel with Jackson before I left, nor with his wife—I had some words with her, because I would not lay in a sick man's bed, and she moved my bed—I left the house in consequence of that—I left on good terms with her, and with him too—when I came down in the morning, at seven o'clock, Jackson was gone to London—his wife said so—I saw him between two and three o'clock that day, when I came home, in his kitchen—he was not at all well, for he was in Dr. Smith's care—he walked—he was not at all well, for he was in Dr.

Q. How much money have you had from Mr. Oakley on this business? A. I never had a farthing from Mr. Oakley, or from any one—I go out every day to earn for my money, and bring it home at night—I have got no money, except by trade—I never asked Mr. Oakley for any—I never had any from him, nor from the attorney—he sent for my to go to Bromley and gave me a shilling to get my dinner—I have got no money but what I gave worked for—I was not asked that question before the Magistrate, and refused to answer—I was not asked whether I had 2l. from the prosecutor—I saw the prisoner on the Tuesday evening—I do not know at what time—I had no business with him—It was not so late as twelve o'clock at night—nor ten o'clock.

Q. On your solemn oath don't you know he was ill in bed that evening, and attended by the doctor, who I have here? A. He was not, on my solemn oath he was about his business every day but one—I don't know whether he was tired and went to bed—Dr. Smith has attended him when he was walking about on his business—I don't know whether Dr. Smith attended him on the very Monday in question—I have made no inquiry at all about the hand-bill—I went and told Mr. Oakley, from hearing of the reward—this occurrence took place on the Monday, and I gave information on the Saturday—I did not go to a Magistrate, because if I went and told him they would laugh at me; but when I found out the gentleman's name I told him what I knew—the prisoner wanted to give me 1l. as a bribe, that I should say nothing about it—he thought to throw all the blame on Parish, and snare me into it—I don't know what the 10l. is to be paid for, if I get it well and good, if I don't I shan't look for it—I don't know that it is to be paid on the conviction of the prisoner—I went first to Mr. Pearce—I got no money from him—all I have done is merely for the sake of justice—I can't wheather the prisoner gave me any copper when he gave me the two shilling for the rags—I may have had six-pence or eight pence in copper, and forgotten it—I can't tell what copper I got—I can't swear any thing about it—I remember the two shillings—the prisoner is married and has a family of children—Mrs. Sims, Mrs. Gollocker, and her husband were in the kitchen at the time the images were there—I don't know whether Mrs. Sims is here to-day—I have not seen her here—I did not see her yesterday.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You say that before the Magistrate, you told the story of the clerk, who took down in writing what you said? A. Yes—I had no means of knowing whether he took down all I said, or only part of it, for I can neither read nor write, and he might not understand

me—when he was reading it, that man the (prisoner's attorney) came in, and he confused me, and I do not know what the clerk said, and what he did not—he wanted to baffle me out of it—I left the prisoners in debt—I should not have lived in his house, only for fear of being summoned for the debt—I am still in his debt—I was examined before the Justice on the Monday week after transaction—I am quite sure of that—I was taken to the station-house on Saturday night, and on Monday, went before the Justice—neither the solicitor nor Mr. Oakley gave me any money, nor promised me any—(the handbill was here read, offering 10l. reward).





JOHN O'NEIL
. I am a labourer, and the husband of last witness. I lodged at the prisoner's house last month—I was at home one night, when my wife was at the widow—It is four weeks from yesterday—my wife called me—we both got to the windown together—I saw Parish come in for Mr. Jackson, and bring him out—he stripped the hay off the images, and asked Mr. Jackson, how long it was since he had seen his grandfather—they laughed, and my old woman laughed—I put my head in at the window—he looked up, and asked what she was grinning at—she said they would soon he graining shout something—I afterwards went to bed—there was nobody in the room but myself and wife in bed, and another man and his wife—I cannot tell their names—they were lodgers there was a man who gathers hareskin and rabbit-skins—on the Friday following, I heard the prisoner say he had a mind to turn about on Parish—he stood at his own cart at the gate at the time—I heard nothing more at any time about it—I did not go before the Justice—we left the prisoner's house two or three days after—It was Thursday night.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Who was in the room when your wife called you to come to the window? A. A man and his wife, and a skin-man—I do not know the name of the man and his wife—they were in the next bed to us—Mrs. Gollocker was one of the lodgers in the house—I do not know the name of the man and his wife—they names—I am sure there was a man and woman in the next bed to us—the bed was quite close to the window; as close as you could put it—you could not put any thing between it—out bed was close to the other—there were four beds in to he room—It is a small room—the four beds were quite done together, and there was only room for them—I did not notice whether there was a child in bed—a child usually slept in the room—Mrs. Pollock had one, but I cannot say whether it was in bed—It was very near ten o'clock at night—the child could not run alone.

Q. Who were you working for? A. Any body I could get it from—I do not think I owe the prisoner any thing of any account—my wife always paid the rent—I never paid him any money—I cannot tell how much rent I owe for I never paid the rent—my wife paid it—she knows what was owing—I did not owe him 1l.—my wife knows better than me—I have not talked over with my wife what I had to say—I went with her to Mrs. Oakley, on the Saturday after this happened—I cannot read—I do not know where I went on the Monday—I did not go before the Justice, because I was not wanted; if I was, I should be sent for—I did not go with her—I was at home—I was first asked about what I knew, when I came here last week, by the constable and Mr. Oakley—I did not see Mr. Oakley, when I went with my wife—I did not go in—my wife did.

Q. Were you in bed on this Monday night? A. To be sure I was, and heard the cart come to the door—my wife said it was Parish coming, and she did not think he had a great load for the cart ran so light—she got up

first and raised the window—the man and his wife in the next bed did not talk to us about it—nobody spoke to me at all, not to my wife—I cannot say whether they were asleep—there was no laughing—I have never received any thing for giving evidence—my wife has not given me any money, nor ever told me a word about it—she has not given me a farthing during the last week—I saw Mrs. Sims before to-day—we were standing at the gate—I have not seen her since I left Jackson's house—I saw her standing at his gate to-day—It was when we were coming out at the door—my wife was inside, coming out—I cannot tell when I last saw Mrs. Gollocker—I did not see her to-day, not can I tell when I saw her.

Q. You went to bed again, did you shut the window before you went to bed? A. I let down the window—my wife went to bed with me at the same time; and Mrs. Jackson came up on the stairs, and called Mrs. O'Neil to come down, and see the dolls that the dolls were come at last; and at the same time I made answer that she had seen enough of them, and she should not go down—my wife got up and said she should go down and see them—It was no Friday that Jackson said he had a mind to turn round on parish—I left the house on Thursday, but I was at Jackson's cart—my wife words about any bed—I always slept on the same bedstead—I heard no words about any bedstead—Mrs. Jackson called out so loud that every one in the place could hear her—I cannot tell whether it awoke the man and his wife who were in bed—I had no talk at all about it—I never saw either of them stir—my wife came to bed again in ten or twenty minutes—I was awake—she went down about five or ten minutes after the things came into the place.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You say your wife used to settle the rent? A. Yes—she know what was due for rent when we went away, whether it was 6s. or 8s. I cannot tell—the prisoner and I had no dealings at all together—I used to sell him rags, but owed him no money for rent, unless my wife owed him—I never told him that debt must be forgiven, or I would come here as a witness—I do not know that anything was owing to him—I saw the images in the cart, and saw them taken in—I did not notice what they looked like—I saw nothing of them afterwards—Mrs. Sims stopped at Jackson's—I now live a few doors off—I never took any particular notice of her—I saw her this morning at Jackson's gate—my wife went before the Justice, on the Saturday—she went to the station-house.





HENRY BROWN
. In November last I was a constable of Deptford. Mrs. O'Neal made a communication to me—there was a bill in Mrs. Hosre's window, which I gave her—I do not recollect whether I explained it to her—she asked me to get the bill out of the window—I got it and gave it to her—this was about three week ago—I thing it was on a Friday
----MASLIN. I live in Mill-lane. I had a bill in my window like this—It was put there on the 25th of November—I saw nothing of Mrs. O'Neil till a day or two after it was taken out of the window.
(Witnesses for the Defence)





JOHN SMITH
. I am a surgeon. On Monday the 23rd of November, I was attending the prisoner for illness—I saw him first on Wednesday the 18th—I saw him between nine and ten o'clock on Tuesday evening, he was in bed then—I attended him for several days afterwards—I called on Wednesday, but he was not at home—he lives about four miles from London.

Q. Did you think him able on the Tuesday to go to London on business as early as six o'clock in the morning? A. I believe it possible, but it

would not be at all proper—I did not know that he had disobeyed my directions when I saw him on Tuesday evening.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What was the matter with him? A. He was affected with pleurisy.





WILLIAM JONES
. I am a furrier. In November I lived in the prisoner's house, and live there still—I remember Monday night, the 23rd of November, perfectly well—there were four beds in the room, I slept in that night—O'Neil and his wife occupied one bed—I went to bed at nine o'clock of a few minutes before—there was a girl asleep in bed with Mr. and Mrs. O'Neil—to the best of my remembrance she was between fourteen and fifteen years old—I slept in the first bed, on the left hand side, at the entrance from the stair-case—Mr. and Mrs. O'Neil in the first bed on the right hand side—two strangers in another, and Gollocker and his wife in the bed along side Mr. and Mrs. O'Neil—I was not well that night, and was awake in great pain till midnight.

Q. Now could any one have got out of Mr. O'Neil's bed, thrown up the window, and locked at people out of the window at eleven o'clock, or about the time, without your seeing or hearing it? A. I am confident they could not—no one did so—Mr. and Mrs. O'Neil were both very much intoxicated that night—the man more so than the woman—I got up in the morning at half-past seven o'clock—my illness obliged me to go down stairs twice that night—I consider the first time was about half-past nine o'clock, and second about a quarter past ten o'clock—the prisoner was very ill indeed that night.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What are you? A. A furrier—that is what I served my time to, with my father—I have been out of my time seven years—I have been working at my trade a little since—for about four years—I get my living by purchasing skins of collectors, and very likely I might cry rabbit-skins by purchasing skins of collectors, and very likely I came to lodge at Jackinson's house three weeks ago last Monday evening—the 23rd of November was my first night to Jackson's about one o'clock in Rose-lane, Spitalfields, before—I came to Jackson's about one o'clock in the day—I knew him before—I had been there the week before, an bought skins of him—I have dealt with him for two years—I am confident no cart came up at eleven o'clock—I do not know whether I went to sleep at twelve o'clock—It might be after that—It was about midnights—I knew O'Neil and his wife before—I did not know Gollocker and his wife till I came to Jackson's—they were there before me—when I got up next morning, I went about the yard and places, I went out of doors immediately I came down stairs—I went out about my business rather before nine—I was in and out all day almost—Jackson has one male servant, I cannot tell his name.





JAMES GOLLOCKER
. I am an umbrella maker. On the 23rd of November I lodged at Mr. Jackson's, and have lodged there about six weeks—I have a wife and child—I went to bed about half-past nine o'clock, on Monday, the 23rd of November—my room was on the first floor—there were four beds in the room—Mr. and Mrs. O'Neil slept in the same room, and Jones and two strangers slept in the same room that night—my child was very bad, cutting her teeth—that kept me awake a good deal—I went to sleep about twelve o'clock—I am certain I heard twelve strike before I went to sleep—Mrs. O'Neil did not leave her bed between my going to bad and twelve o'clock—she went to bed at half-past eight—If she had got out of bed, opened the window, and talked to anybody, I must have heard

it—she must have come past the foot of my bed, which is close to the window—I could put my hand on the window-still when I am in bed—I must have heard or seen her if she had gone down stairs—I got up next morning at half-past seven—I was down stairs, I think, before Jones—I did not hear her say anything that night, or see any cart, or hear her laugh with anybody, after I got to bed.
Mr. ADOLPHUS. Q. How long has Jones lodged there? A. He came there that Monday night, I cannot say at what time he came—he is in the habit of bringing hare-skins—he came in the afternoon—It was late—not at mid-day—I never saw him there before—he lodges there still, backwards and forwards—I was not in Court when Jones was examined—he has lodged there, off and on, to my knowledge—the first remark I made of my child's catting its teeth was on that Monday night—Jones was very bad on Monday—he said he had a kind of a belly-ache, and some sort of a tooth-ache—he asked me for a piece of tobacco—I cannot say at what time he went to bed—he went down stairs twice—he was up stairs before me—I was in bed when he began to complain—I went to bed at half-past nine, and I think, in about an hour he began to complain, and went down, and came up in about a quarter of an hour—and went down again in about half an hour—that was nearly eleven o'clock—I saw the O'Neils come up, I saw the old woman stagger against the drawers—she was intoxicated—I did not see the prisoner next morning—he kept a servant, I cannot tell his name—he is in the prisoner's service now—he is not here.
(James Ely, a carpenter and builder, of Greenwich;—Perkins, a porkbutcher; Thomas Garrett, grocer, New-town, Deptford; and Richard Cook, New-cross, butcher, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
