



2218. 




CORNELIUS SHAY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of October, three wooden shutters, value 30s., the goods of 



Ann Bell.






SAMUEL NASH
. I am assistant to Mrs. Ann Bell, of the Flying Horse, in Oxford-street. On the night of the 14th of October, when I was going to shut up the house, at a quarter to twelve o'clock I missed three shutters from inside the bar door—I had put them there at six o'clock in the morning—I had not seen them after the prisoner frequented the house—he came and insulted me on the following day, and blackguarded me—I told him he should not go out till he was in custody—he was taken to High-street, and we found the shutters by seven o'clock that evening.





SAVILLE THOMAS FROST
. I am a dealer in shop and house-fixtures, at No. 11, Castle-street. Long-acre. The prisoner left these shutters at my shop as a deposit, at about three o'clock in the afternoon; I do not know the day—the property was claimed the next day, and we went to the police-office the same evening—I advanced 1s. 6d. on them—he did not bring what he promised—he said he would bring the frames belonging to the shutters—to replace them, I suppose would cost 30s.—he said he wanted the 1s. 6d. to bring the frames, they were at the further part of Marylebone—he appeared like a man in business—he gave me his name and address, which appeared to be nearly right—he told me his name was Cornelius Connell.

Prisoner. This man tole me to bring the doors and shutters—he did not care whether they were stolen or not. Witness. It is as big a lie as ever was told, it is upon my honour—twenty-six years have I been in the trade and never had such a circumstance happen—the prisoner was dressed like a labourer—I think he had dirt on his garments as if he had been at work—he assured me a hundred times that they were his own—he was an hour at my door.





JAMES GAY
 (police-constable E 161.) I apprehended the prisoner at the Flying Horse—I told him he was charged with stealing three shutters—he said he knew nothing about them—I took him before the Magistrate—he was ordered for examination in the evening—the prosecutor said he had heard that they had been offered for sale down that way—I found the shutters at Frost's—I allowed the prosecutor to go in first.

COURT
to
SAMUEL NASH. Q. What led you to Frost's? A. I went to several shops, and at last went to Frost's—I saw them there—they were quite plain for any one to see—I told him they were stolen—he said, he had suspicion they were stolen, and had advanced 1s. 6d. on them, and the man was to bring the frames—these are the shutters they belong to Ann Bell—I

had known the prisoner before—there were four or five drinking in the place when I went out, and I happened to pitch upon this one first, or I should have had the whole of them—the prisoner is a labourer, I believe.




GUILTY
.* Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
