





1628. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     McCARTHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously putting off to 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Birt
                        




                     
                  , 16 counterfeit half-crowns, at and for a lower rate and value than the same were counterfeited for
            .
MESSRS. SCARLETT and ELLIS conducted the prosecution.
EDWARD BIRT. I am a carpenter
, and live in Northampton-row, Kent-road. On the 6th of July I met Myers and Goff at the Two Angels and Crown, in St. Martin's-lane, between eleven and twelve o'clock, by appointment; I was searched, and supplied with seven shillings and two sixpences by Mr. Goff, in the presence of Myers - I then went to my lodgings in St. Andrew-street, and stopped there till a young man named William came; Myers went to my lodgings with me - my lodging is fifty or sixty yards from where I saw the officers; Myers had not left me before I saw William; I do not know William's surname - he took me to West-street


, which is forty or fifty yards off - I there saw the prisoner, and spoke to him in the street; I had seen him before - he said he was glad to see I was not the rogue he suspected; he said he had some suspicion of me - I then purchased sixteen half-crowns of him; he had before arranged to meet me, and to supply me with any coin I wanted to any amount - that was on the 5th; I gave him seven shillings and two sixpences for the sixteen half-crowns; I put them into my pocket, and gave them to the officer - the prisoner promised to meet me on the next day to supply me with 3l. worth more, as his moulds were imperfect, and he would have some better the next day; I promised to meet him the next day at West-street - when the purchase was made, I went with the prisoner to a public-house in New Compton-street - we had some porter; I then went back to Goff at the Two Angels and Crown - it was then about twelve o'clock - I gave the half-crowns to Goff, and marked them there; Myers came in at the time - I gave an account of what had passed.
COURT. Q. Were the two sixpences and the seven shillings the same you had from Goff? A. Yes; they were not marked; William was not in sight when I met him.


                  GEORGE 
                  GOFF
               



            . I am an inspector of the Police - I was then constable. I have known Birt some time; I applied to him to assist me in detecting the prisoner, what he did was by my direction; I applied to him about a fortnight or three weeks before this transaction; on Tuesday, the 6th of July, I was at the Two Angels and Crown at the corner of Upper St. Martin's-lane, about a quarter-past eleven o'clock - Myers and Birt were present; I satisfied myself that Birt had no coin about him - I then gave him seven shillings and two sixpences to make a purchase; he leftme, and remained in the parlour of the public-house, but I saw him and the prisoner meet about twenty minutes before twelve o'clock; I saw the prisoner come and wait till Birt came to him - I saw some paper pass from the prisoner to Birt, and something pass from Birt to the prisoner; they remained together about five minutes, or not so long - they then went away to the right; Birt returned in about half an hour - they went out of my sight, but I had directed Myers to follow them; they went in a direction towards Compton-street - when Birt returned, I received sixteen half-crowns from him, these are them; I believe the prisoner was taken on Saturday last - we met on the next day at the public-house to make another purchase, and to endeavour to take the prisoner, but he did not come - Limbrick afterwards took him.
Prisoner. Q. Why did not you apprehend me when you saw the money pass? A. Because we meant to take you the next day, when you were to bring a larger quantity; I believe William is about the Court - I do not know why he is not a witness; I do not know that he has been a witness before; he has given me information.
COURT. Q. Do you know his surname? A. Yes.


                  RICHARD 
                  MYERS
               



            . On the 6th of July I was at the Two Angels and Crown - what has been stated is correct; when Birt had left the public-house, I followed him to his lodgings, which is at an open shop, and he stood with his hand on the door-post for about five minutes - shortly after William came and took Birt to West-street; I was on the other side of the way - I then went to the parlour of the Two Angels and Crown, where I had a full sight of Birt and the prisoner; I had not lost sight of Birt before he saw the prisoner - they were just in the act of joining when I went into the parlour; Birt and the prisoner had some words together - the prisoner put his hand into his right-hand pocket and pulled out a small parcel, and a paper fell from it; Birt took the parcel and gave the prisoner something - they then went to a public-house in Compton-street; I followed them in, went to the bar, and had something to drink, that I might have a view of them - Birt then came out, and went to the Two Angels and Crown; I followed, and saw him give Goff the money.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am an inspector of counterfeit coin at the Mint. These half-crowns are all bad; they are Britannia metal, and appear to be cast in the same mould.
Prisoner's Defence. There was no money found on me, good, bad, or indifferent; it is very evident that these people will swear any thing; the reason William is not brought forward is because he cannot show his head in this Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
