



717. 




JOHN HILLS
 was indicted

for that he, on the 
21st of December, at 
All Saints, Poplar, feloniously did steal from and out of a certain post-office there, a certain letter, directed to and for a certain person at "No. 80, High-street, Poplar," to wit, one Mrs. 



Rachael Hill, the said letter being the property of 



William Cross.—2nd COUNT stating it to be the property of 



Rachael Hill.—7 other COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.—2 other COUNTS, for stealing a sovereign.


MESSRS. SHEPHERED and ADOLPHUS, and the
HON. MR. SCARLETT Conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM CROSS
. I am a house-agent, and live at Cheltenham, in Gloucestershire. I have a sister-in-law living at Poplar, named Mrs. Hill—on the 18th of December I wrote a letter to her, and put a sovereign into it—I got it franked by Sir William Gossett—I sealed it up, and wrote on it, "Mrs. Hill, No. 80, High-street, Poplar," on the front, as I did not know I should be able to get a frank—I took a cover with me, and Sir William Gossett wrote the direction on the cover, and franked it—I walked back to my own house, and enclosed the letter I had written in the cover—I sealed it up, and put it into the post-office myself, at Cheltenham—it was between four and five o'clock, I think—the prisoner is no relation of my sister's—her name is Hill, not Hills.





WILLIAM COOMBS
. I am a clerk in the post-office at Cheltenham. I recollect a letter addressed to Mrs. Hill, High-street, Poplar, being put into the post-office—it was dropped into the letter-box on the 18th of December—this is the letter-bill, signed by the post-master—this entry of "Mrs. Hill, No. 80, High-street, Poplar," is my writing—Mr. Wall is the postmaster—I made up the bag, and despatched the letter among the rest—(bill read)—"From Cheltenham, unpaid letters for London, £8 13s. 6d.—ditto, passing through London, 12s. 5d.—total £9 5s. 11d.—paid letters £3 1s. 8d.—money letters, "Mrs. Hill, 80, High-street, Poplar, London;" "Mrs. R. Sewland, Facey-farm, Welburg, Suffolk"—it takes three sovereigns to weigh an ounce, and Sir William gossett is entitled to frank above weight.





HENRY MATTHEWS
. I am a clerk in the General Post-office, London. On the 19th of December I received the Cheltenham bag—it arrived in its usual state, sealed—there were Mona-letters in it—this letter bill came with the bag—I compared it with the letters—there were letters to correspond—there was one to correspond with this, for "Mrs. Hill"—the postage is charged at the place the letters come from—I gave the bill and letters to Mr. Barnard, the clerk of the money letter-book, and he signed this as an acknowledgement of receiving the letters.





CHARLES WILLIAM BARNARD
. I am a clerk in the Post-office in London. On the morning of the 19th of December, a money-letter came into my hands from Cheltenham, franked by Sir William Gossett—I have made a memorandum in my book—I entered the address of the letter myself, (reads) "19th of December, Cheltenham—Hill, 80, High-street, Poplar"—the heading of the column is, "from whence came," "number," "address," and "to whom delivered"—the entry is "Cheltenham, No. 15, Hill, 80, High-street, Poplar," and the initials "J.T"—they are not my writing—they

are the initials of John Thorp—I have signed the money-bill, as having received that letter.





EDWARD JAMES SMITH
. I was assisting Mr. Barnard in the Post-office on the 19th of December—the money-letters were handed to me by him—it was my duty to fill up the blank receipts—to copy the address from the letters on to the receipts—this is the receipt I filled up that morning—I wrote the word "Hill," after the printed word "Mr. "—I did not strike out the "Mr. "—it is the custom to fill it up in that short way—G.P. is a stamp put on after leaving our office—this receipt was sent to the Twopenny-post, among the unpaid letters, to be sorted there as a letter—(read) "No. 15, General-post-office letter containing—directed to Mrs. Hill, High-street, Poplar; received the above, John Hills."





JOHN THORPE
. I am a clerk in the Twopenny-post-office. On the 19th of December I was clerk in the Money-office of the Post-office—it was my duty that morning to collect the cash-letters arriving by the General-post, within the delivery of the Twopenny-post—I received a letter from Mr. Barnard directed to "Mrs. Hill, 80, High-street, Poplar"—I signed my initials to the book, as an acknowledgement of having received it—I signed them opposite the entry of the letter—when a money-letter is sent for delivery, there is also a receipt sent with it, for the person it is directed to to sign as having received it—I delivered this letter to Mr. Harper, the clerk of the division of that delivery of the Twopenny-post—he brought me the receipt, for which I handed him the money-letter—the receipts are passed through a tunnel to the Twopenny-post department.





GEORGE HARPER
. I am a clerk in the Twopenny-post-office. This receipt came into my hands on the 19th of December—I took it to Mr. Thrope, and got the letter it refers to—I entered this letter on that bill, and put these two papers with the letters, into the bag for Poplar—(paper read)—"Twopenny-post-office, 19th December, 1835, Poplar General-post, inland and foreign postage 19s. 10d."—"Hill, High-street, Poplar"—when I had made out the papers, they were put into the bag with the letters—it was tied and sealed in my presence, and was then taken by the porter, who tied and sealed it, to the Accelerator, to be carried to Poplar—it left my hands at thirty-five minutes after eight o'clock.





WILLIAM HOWLETT
. I am a letter-carrier of the Twopenny-post-office. High-street, Poplar, is my district—I received the letter-bag from the twopenny-post-office on the morning of the 19th, as usual—it was sealed when delivered to me—I unsealed it, and took out the letters—I found a money-letter in it, directed to one "Hill"—a receipt accompanied it—this is the receipt—I delivered the letters, and in the course of that delivered I looked at the receipt, and found on it, "Mrs. Hill"—I did not look at the letter particularly, and having letters directed to John Hill at the Post-office, I left the letter at the Post-office with Mrs. Bristow, the Post-mistress—I frequently has letters for Mr. Hill at the Post-office, and seeing "Mr. Hill" on the receipt, I left it at the Post-office, not looking at the direction on the letter—I got the receipt from Mrs. Bristow, a day or two afterwards, signed, and sent it up to the Post-office—when I got it from Mrs. Bristow, it had got the signature of John Hill—this is the lettter-bill of the 19th of December.





ELIZABETH BRISTOW
. I keep the Post-office in High-street, Poplar. On the 19th of December, Howlett brought me a letter with a receipt, to

be signed by the person for whom it was directed—the receipt then had nothing on it but"Hill" there was no postage to pay. for franked letter don't pay the Twopenny-postage when they come by the General-post—the prisoner came to the Post-office a few days after I had received this letter—I had known him before—he has received letter before at my office, by the name of John Hills—I always knew him before by that name—some of the letters were directed to him at the General-post-office. High-street, Poplar; and some he refused to take, if the postage was not paid—when he came, he asked me if there was any thing for him—I said yes—I fetched this letter and put it on the counter, and asked him if it was his letter, he said, "Yes"—he was looking at the direction then—I asked him if he was quite sure; he said, "Yes, quite sure"—he was still looking at the letter—he signed the receipt, and has signed receipts before for money-letter—I have seen him open letters before, and take money—he did not open the letter in question there—I did not read the direction of it—I saw the name of "Hill" or"Hills", but I read no more—my house is No. 234, High-street—I laid the receipt down, and he signed it and took the letter away—he called a few days after and had another letter with, half-a-sovereign in it—it was within a week, and I think that letter had "John Hills" on it—he called again some time afterwards, and asked if there was anything for him—I said yes, I believed there was; that the letter-carrier wished to see him—I appointed for him to call the following day, at twelve o'clock to see the letter-carrier—he promised to be there at the time, but he never came—I had a servant named Sarah White living with me at that time—she was in the shop when the letter in question was delivered to him; and he signed the receipt and after he went away she took it out of my hand, and looked at it.

Prisoner Q. Have not I had letter directed for Mr. Hill, as well as John Hill? A. I do not remember—I never heard you say you did not wish to take any letters but your own, and that you knew your own friends' handwriting.

MR. SHEPHERD. Q. When you put the letter down on the table for him to take it, did you let it lay alone, or keep one finger on it? A. I put it on the counter with my finger on the corner—it was so when he read the direction.

MR. HARPER re-examined. Franked letters coming by the General-post pay the Twopenny-post beyond three miles of the Post-office, but this was within the three miles.





SARAH WHITE
. I am in the service of Mrs. Bristow. I know the prisoner by calling at the Post-office, for the last six or seven months, for letters—I remember on a Monday, or Saturday, in December, near Christmas, the prisoner calling he asked if there was anything for him—Mrs. Bristow said, yes—she laid the letter on the counter, and asked him if it was his letter—she kept her finger on the corner—he looked at the direction and said yes—she said "Are you sure," or"Quite sure"—he said "Quite sure," and them he had it—she said, "Sign the receipt," which he signed and took the letter away with him—I remember it every clearly—I had a little conversation with mistress about it afterwards, which makers me recollect it.

Prisoner Q. Do you mean to say I came on the Saturday or Monday to inquire after letters? A. Yes. it was the 19th or 23st of December, I do not know which—the last letter he had from out house was about the beginning of February, this year—I do not recollect his having a money letter in December.


MRS. BRISTOW I rather think it was on Monday morning that he came, but I am not certain.





THOMAS BYFORD
. I am employed in the Post-office at Stepney. It is my duty to inspect the letter-carriers—I received instructions early in February to make inquiry about a letter which Mrs. Hill, of Poplar ought to have received—I made inquiries of Mr. Howlett and Mrs. Bristow—on the 19th of February the prisoner came to my office and inquired if I had a letter there in the name of Hill—I told him no—I understood him to say Hill not Hills—I asked him how he came to have his letters addressed there as it was not usual to have letter addressed to out office at Stepney—it was a thing we never have done—if it was directed to be left till called for it, would not come to our office, which is a branch station—I said it was not usual to have letter addressed there and asked him why he had them addressed there—he never had any addressed there before—he said he thought he could have letters address where he pleased—I asked him if he had had any letters directed to the Post-office at Poplar—he said no—I again asked if he was in the habit of having his letters addressed any where else—he said yes—I asked him where—he said to the General-post-office—I asked him which General-post-office—he said the General-post-office, St. Martin's-le-grand—he than said "You seem to question me very closely, if you doubt my word I will soon fetch you something to show you I am a respectable man, and a worn broker"—I again asked him if he had ever received any general-post letters directed to the post-office, High-street, Poplar—he said yes—I asked him how long since—he said five or six months—I asked when he received the last letter from the post office at Poplar—he said on Saturday the 19th of December—I wished him if he could to produce the cover of that letter—he said he could and would go and fetch it—I asked him where the letter came from—said from Alesham—I did not ask him about the contents of the letter—he did not say what it contained—I asked him for his address, which he gave me in writing, No. 4, love-lane Shadwell—here is the direction—I sent William Edbury, a letter—carrier with him to that place and they afterwards returned—the prisoner wrote this direction in my presence.

Prisoner. When you cross-questioned my closely you asked me where I lived my reply was," You certainly must know me, "I have received ed letters at Poplar; you used to be letter-carrier at Poplar. Witness. I never knew where he lived—I was never at Mrs. Bristow's when you have been there a—I did not say I knew your name was Hills.





WILLIAM EDBURY
 I went with the prisoner on the 19th of February—when we got near Love-lane, he said, "I do not live there." I then said, "When do you live? he said, "Not far, follow me," he then took me to no.13. Lower Gun-alley, Wapping he went into the house and I followed him, he went up-stairs, pulled a key from his pocket unlocked a door on the first floor, and went in I followed him—the outer door was open—when he got in he said, "I have not got the cover of the letter"—he had not looked for it when he said of—he went and got some paper and tied them up in apiece of flannel he brought them down stairs, and was about to give them to a woman I said, "You had better bring them to the inspector and clear yourself"—he said, "You shall not take them they are my property and I shall not go with you," I said, "Then I must give you into custody," which I did—It was a small house—it appeared to have one room up-stairs and another down, that was all.


Prisoner. Q. Did I say I could find any covers of letters—did I not say, I would go home and see if there were any? A. You said, previsous to going to your residence, that you had covers of letters: and, moreover, you had a book which stated on what business they were, and no doubt you had got it—you said, when I asked you what papers you had, that it was your license.





RACHAEL HILL
. I am sister to Mr. Cross, and live at No. 80, High-street, Poplar. I expected to receive a letter from him in December last—I did not receive it—I did not receive any letter from him—I have often received cash letters, directed to High-street, Popular—I never received this—the prisoner is no relation or connection of mine.

Prisoner's Defence (written). I am by trade a porter, and have a wife and two children to support—I worked for Mr. Ellis, a surveyor, in the Minories, five years—I can have an excellent character from him, and other gentlemen in the City—I fought for my king and country many years—I am entirely innocent of the charge—I have been in the habit of receiving letters addressed to the post-office in question—I did not receive the letter in question, nor is it my name which is signed to the receipt—it has been compared with my writing, and it does not agree.





SARAH WHITE

re-examined. I saw the prisoner again the receipt—I had seen him sign receipts before—this writing is different to other writing of his—he wrote it quicker and with a steel pen—I took it up at the time, and noticed that it was different writing—I made the observation to Mrs. Bristow, after he was gone—I did not look at it till he was gone—I am certain he is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 52.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
