





2081. 
               
                  
                     PHOEBE 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of October
, 2 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Barber
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN BARBER. I am a mariner
. Last Wednesday night I met the prisoner - she accosted me, and I went home and slept with her; I had two sovereigns and some silver when I went with her, and I expected I had the same when I went out with her in the morning - the sovereigns had been wrapped in a bit of paper, and were in my trousers pocket, which I put on the chair by the bed side; I had slept in the night, and we both got up together in the morning - we went out, had a glass of liquor, and then parted; I soon felt a heavy drowsiness come over me - I then went back to her room, and when I got back I missed the two sovereigns out of the paper, and two shillings were put in instead of them; I do not know that I had missed any silver - I had given her some.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DIXON
               



             (a blind youth). I know Phoebe Sullivan by her voice; she was nursing my mother - and a little after eight o'clock that evening she gave me two sovereigns to take care of for her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARLOW
               



            . I am the officer. I took the prisoner on the Thursday morning, and found nothing on her; I took her to the station-house - I made her no promise or threat; but in going to the office she said she had a sovereign and a half at home, and half a sovereign she had spent abroad; she said it was the sailor's money - I went back, found this blind lad, and got the two sovereigns - when I went back she said she merely wanted to frighten him out of half a sovereign; she had not changed it.
Prisoner. My intention was to give them back to him; I never was here in my life.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            

