



595. 




MARGARET TAYLOR
 was indicted

, for that she having been convicted as a common utterer of counterfeit coin, did afterwards, on the 
18th of January, utter and put off to 



John Smith, a counterfeit shilling, well knowing it to be counterfeit.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to his Majesty's. mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Margaret Taylor at the sessions held here in February, 1836—I have examined it with the original record; it is a true copy. (read.)





HENRY CORSE
. I am a constable. I had the prisoner in my custody, and was a witness against her—she is the person who was convicted in February of uttering two sixpences.





FRANCIS FREEMAN
. I am in the employ of Mr. John Smith, a surgeon in Banner-street, St. Luke's. On the 10th of January the prisoner came to our shop with a child—she said it was ill, and wanted some medicine for it—I made up some, which I believe came to sixpence—she offered

me a five-shilling piece—I took it, and suspecting it was bad I took it to Mr. Smith, in the next room, to show it to him; he brought it out and weighed it in her presence—he told her he would call in a policeman, and have her examined—I am not aware that the said any thing to that—he went to the door and looked out for a policeman, but could not see one—the prisoner walked off, leaving the money and the medicine—I was present on the 18th of January, when she came again, and knew her to be the same person.

Prisoner. I never gave him that five-shilling piece—he has made a great mistake.

Witness. I say she did give it me—I am positive of it JOHN SMITH. I am a surgeon, and live in Banner-street. On the 10th of January Freeman brought a five-shilling piece into the parlour—I thought it was bad, and came into the shop and weighed it—it only weighed 3s. 6d.—I kept it during the week, till I delivered it to Davis—on the 18th of January I was behind the counter, when the prisoner came in, and asked for an ounce of salts, which came to 1d.—she gave me a shilling—I examined it, and saw it was bad—I immediately recognised her as the person who had presented the five-shilling piece before—I am quite positive of her—I asked her how she got the shilling?—who had made it for her?—she said she took it in the street—she went out leaving the shilling with me—I employed my errand boy to watch her, and got a policeman, who took her in a minute or two—I marked the shilling and gave it to him.

Prisoner. I offered him a good shilling, and he would not take it.

Witness. I only had one shilling, I saw no other—she had a farthing in her hand with the shilling—I am quite sure she is the same person who gave the five shilling piece.





JOHN DAVIS
 (police-constable G 147.) I was called in by Mr. Smith, on the 18th of January, and received the shilling from him, which 1 have kept ever since—the prisoner was pointed out to me by a lad in Whitecross-street, and I took her—I told her it was for passing a bad shilling at Mr. Smith's, and a five shilling piece before—she said I was mistaken—she kept saying so all the time, and seemed rather drunk and stupid, lumpy, as she generally is—I received a crown-piece at the station-house from Mr. Smith, and the prisoner was searched by Callagan.

Prisoner. I had been a quarter of an hour out of the shop when he detained me—he said nothing about a five-shilling piece till next day.

Witness. I told her of it then—I took her about a minute after Mr. Smith spoke to me.





HANNAH CALLAGAN
. I searched the prisoner at the station-house, just after she was brought in—I took her pocket off, and found a good sixpence and 4 1/4 d. in copper in it.





JOHN FIELD
. This crown-piece and shilling are both counterfeits, and are made of Britannia metal—they are tolerably good imitations.

Prisoner's Defence. I have witnesses to prove that I never gave the five shilling piece to Mr. Smith—he said at the office I gave him the crown piece on the 10th, and now he says the 8th—I was out washing on the 9th and 10th too—I never gave it him if I was to die this instant.




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Third Jury, before Mr. Justice Williams.
