





1049. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH PRIESTLY



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of May
, 2 coats, value 1l.; 1 waistcoat, value 1s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 3s.; 2 snuff-boxes, value 10s.; 4 bottles, value 6d., and 3 quarts of whiskey, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Bayly 
                           Moore
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 bag, value 1s.; 1 snuff-box, value 6d.; 1 towel, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 cash-box, value 2s.; 3 pocket-books, value 3s., and 1 tea-caddy, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Rudall
                        



.
MR. PAYNE conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  BAYLY MOORE
               



            , ESQ
. I am a special pleader
, and have chambers in Temple-lane


. On the 8th of May, about half-past eight o'clock at night, I left my chambers in company with Mr. Rudall; the outer door was closed - it had a patent Bramah lock; I returned at nine o'clock, and was about to put the key into the lock when I heard somebody within ransacking the chamber - the noise continued about two minutes; I then heard the bolt withdrawn, and saw the prisoner open the door - he was a perfect stranger; I asked what he did there - he said he was waiting for the gentleman; I said I was the gentleman, I supposed, and immediately collared him; he made no resistance - I led him down stairs with the greatest ease; nobody was passing, and I called for Mr. Hill, the law-stationer, who stood at his door opposite, and at that moment the prisoner made a sudden effort, and escaped from me -I saw Mr. Fish stop him about twenty paces off, without my losing sight of him for an instant - he brought him up to me; I took him up to the chambers, and found a candle burning in the cupboard in a water jug - it had been taken out of a candlestick on my writing-table, and lighted in my absence; I said the prisoner ought to be searched - he immediately took out of his pocket three snuff-boxes, two of which are mine, and in his hat was a silk handkerchief and towel, neither of which are mine - he said that was the only property he had taken; he was immediately conveyed to St. Dunstan's watch-house, and was searched there - in his hat was found a steel, matches, tinder, flint, and two crooked wires; I returned to my chambers, and found a large law bag close to the outer door - I opened it, and at the top were four bottles of whiskey, which had been taken from a cupboard where I had thirty or forty; the bag was not mine - it also contained two coats, which I had left on two chairs, a waistcoat and trousers which I had left in a drawer of my writing-table, and two towels which were taken from another drawer; Mr. Rudall and I have the set of chambers between us - Iwent into his room, and found one of his drawers wrenched open - his papers laying about, and three pocket-books; another drawer was taken out of a desk, and put on the table - I returned to my own room, and found a tea-caddy and a cash-box on a chair close to the outer door, ready to be taken away - they are Mr. Rudall's; in the water-jug I found an awl, which is not mine - I examined the outer door, and found about an inch from the brass plate of the lock, that the oak door had been perforated by this awl - it matched it exactly; the wires would reach through the holes to pull back the bolt of the lock with the greatest ease.


                  MICHAEL 
                  JENNINGS
               



            . I am a constable of St. Dunstan's. I searched the prisoner at the watch-house, and found in his hat a bag, containing a piece of flint, a steel, and tinder - I found a handkerchief in his pocket with three wires wrapped in the corner of it; I found on him this direction, " C. F. Williams, No. 1, Stone-buildings" - he said that was a gentleman where he worked, or was going to work; I found the awl in the chambers, and tried it to the hole in the door - it exactly fitted; here are the snuff-boxes which he produced.
MR. MOORE. Two of these snuff-boxes are mine - I have had one about twenty years; the lock opens very easily inside - it is impossible to get at it outside except by the key; the coats are worth about 1l.
MR. 
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  RUDALL
               



            . I occupy part of these chambers. I left about half-past eight o'clock, and did not return; I left all my drawers locked except one in the desk. On returning in the morning I found the middle drawer of the desk wrenched open - one snuff-box is mine; nobody sleeps at the chambers.
Prisoner. I have a wife and four children - distress led me to it; I can have a good character from the India-house, where I worked six years, and seven years in the King's service.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
