





270. 
               
                  
                     DENNIS 
                     READING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of December
, 1 wrapper, value 1s. 6d., and 3 bed-ticks, value 5l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Haydon
                  




               
            .
JOSEPH VENN. I live with my father in Smith-street, Clerkenwell. On the 4th of December I was in Goswell-street


, about half-past six o'clock, and saw the prisoner jump up into a waggon, and take this parcel - I was in a cart, and told the driver of it; the prisoner got some distance before he was taken.


                  GEORGE 
                  WORT
               



            . I was driving the cart, and Venn was in it - he told me a man had jumped up in a waggon, and taken a parcel; I saw the prisoner running towards me: I got out of the cart, pursued, and took him with the parcel; I said, "You have taken this from a waggon" - he said, "I am going to take it to the waggon;" I said, "You are going a contrary way" - he said,"I am going to take it to my master;" I said, "Where is your master?" he said, "This is him," and pointed to a man, but the man went away; the officer then came up, and I left him.


                  JOHN 
                  MARTIN
               



             (Police-constable G 202). I took the prisoner and this parcel in Goswell-street-road; the parcel weighs about - cwt. - he had it in his arm; just as I came up he said he would take it to the waggon, and that he had picked it up.


                  THOMAS 
                  DOOLEY
               



             (Police-constable G 177). I took the parcel.


                  DANIEL 
                  COOK
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Haydon. I had charge of this parcel in my waggon on the 4th of December - I missed it.
WILLIAM HAYDON. I am proprietor of the waggon
. I had this bale of goods in it - Cook was driving it; I was answerable for it; I had taken the order for the three bed-ticks in the morning - the parcel was packed safe in the waggon, and could not have fallen out; it was taken out in Goswell-street - the waggon was on the left side; the prisoner and parcel were on the other side.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DODMAN
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Brown, of the Red Lion inn. I received the parcel, and booked it.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WINTRIDGE
               



            . I delivered the parcel at the Red Lion inn, Aldersgate-street.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw the parcel fall out of the hind part of a waggon; I took it up, and called after the waggon - it fell in the road, and the mud is on it now; I told the officer I was going after the waggon - it is too heavy for a man to lift out of a waggon.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
