




1095. 




THOMAS WILLIAMS
 and 




THOMAS PITMAN
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
7th of March, 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 half-crow, and 3 shillings; the goods and monies of 



John Clark, from his person.






JOHN CLARK
. I am a gardener, and live at Bexley-heath. I went to the Crown and Masons' Arms, at Woolwich, on the 7th of March—I went into the tap-room between three and four o'clock—I remained there till between seven and eight o'clock, but was not drinking all the time—I had a leather purse with me, with a half-crown and three shillings in it, and some papers—I had taken it out to take a shilling out of it, about five o'clock, and I left 5s. 6d. in it—the two prisoners came in while I was there—they sat at the other end of the room, and then stood before the fire, and after that Williams came and sat by the side of me—I cannot say at what time that was—there was no clock in the room—I had a quartern of gin and peppermint—I put my hand to feel for my purse, and could not find it—I think it was then between five and six o'clock—that was about an hour after I had put the purse into my pocket—Charlotte Wheeler had been sitting by me—I was quite sober—the purse has not been found, but the constable found some money.

Williams. Q. Whose money was this? A. It was my mother's—I had slept at my mother's the night before—I got up about five o'clock in the morning—I left my mother about twelve o'clock—I am sure of that—I had 7s. when I came away; 6s. of my mother's, and 1s. of my own—I stopped atone place on the road, where I went in to order some seeds, and two papers were put into my purse—I did not call for any refreshment till I got to the public-house at Woolwich—that was not in my way home—I am certain I had nothing to drink from the time I left home till I got to that house—I had been in that house before—I did not know the girls—I was in company with a young woman—we were talking about one thing and another, and we had one game at cards, or it might be two or three—we played for a quartern of gin and peppermint—I paid for one; I put my hand into my pocket to pay for the second, and could not find the purse—I had played a game before, that I won—I did not see you take my purse—I paid 5d. for the gin and peppermint there, and 2d. for a pint of beer, and I had changed a shilling before I went into that house—I might be an hour going from my house to the public-house; but I had called at a person's on Shooter's-hill, and stopped there about half an hour, and I called at one shop beside, where I stopped a quarter of an hour, or not so long—I was at no other place till I got to the public-house—I do not recollect dropping something, and saying it was a shilling, and picking up a half-penny—I did not swear before the Magistrate that I paid for two quarterns—I won one game, and the other two I lost—I paid for one quartern, and the other I could not pay for.





SARAH ANN TRACEY
. I am single, and reside at Woolwich. I went to the Crown and Masons' Arms on the 7th of March, about two or three o'clock, with Charlotte Wheeler—I saw the prisoners there, in company; they had a pint of beer, and drank together—I saw the prosecutor there; a young woman sat by him, and they played at cards—he called for a quartern of gin and peppermint—I fetched it in, and asked him for the

money—he said, "Stop a minute, and I will give it you"—he sat upon the tail of his coat—he got up, and before he could put his hand into his pocket, Williams, the prisoner, put his hand into Clark's pocket and took out a red leather purse—the seat is not close to the wall—he put his hand behind him, and let the purse fall between the seat and the wall—I heard it drop—there was a piece of chalk on the table—he threw that down—he stooped down and passed the purse from where he let it down, over to Pitman, who took it, and walked away out of the house, and Williams went after him—I gave the alarm—the constable brought them back—some money was found on Williams, but no purse—when Williams was in the tap-room, he held up his finger to me, and shook his head—I saw Clark take out his purse when he first came in, and take a shilling out of it.

Williams. Q. How many games of cards did prosecutor play? A. It is out of my power to say—I did not drink any of the liquor—I believe two quarterns of gin and peppermint were brought in—I fetched in one, and Clark had not the money to pay for it, because you took the purse out of his pocket, and let it down behind you—I did not see Clark pay for the other quartern—I saw him take a shilling ont of his purse, and pay for a pint of beer, when he first came in—I did not see you open the purse, nor take any money out—I did not see the prosecutor drop a shilling from his hand, and look for it on the ground—I was not doing any thing when I saw you take the purse—I told Clark and the landlord, of it—I happened to be in the house, and fetched in the quartern of gin and peppermint—I saw a paper in the purse—I did not tee you take it out.

JURY. Q. Was the prosecutor sober? A. Yes.





CHARLOTTE WHEELER
. I was in the public-house, playing at cards with the prosecutor—I had some gin and peppermint with him—I left my seat, and Williams took my seat by the side of the prosecutor—I saw him take the prosecutor's purse out of his pocket, and put it down behind the seat—I heard it drop—Pitman then went out, and Williams followed him—I told the landlord, and he went and brought them back.

Williams. Q. When I was taken, was not you in company with me? A. Yes; that was after the prosecutor lost his money—I met you, and kept you in conversation purposely—I did not ask you to go home and take tea with me—you asked me to let you go home, and I said, "Stop a minute"—when I am at home, I sleep with my father and mother, at East Harding, in Surrey—I had lived at Cannon-row, Woolwich—I did not sleep there every night—the first night I slept there, I paid for my bed—I am single, and work for my living—I did not live at the public-house at all—I cannot tell how many games of cuds I played, nor how much gin and peppermint I lost.

COURT. Q. Did you say before the Magistrate, that Williams said, "If I get my freedom I will mark you for it?" A. Yes, he did say so.

Williams. If the money was summed up which they say he paid, probably the amount would not correspond with the amount which he states was in the purse.





JOHN CLARK

re-examined. Q. What money had you from your mother? A. Six shillings, and 1s. of my own—I changed 1s., and spent 9d. at the seed-shop—I had 6s. 3d. when I went into the public-house—I paid 2d. for the pint of beer, and had 10d. change—I had some halfpence at the time I changed, but I did not feel in that pocket—I had then 6s.; 5s. 6d. of it was silver, and was in the purse.


Williams. Q. How many quarterns did you pay for? A. One, and a pint of beer—when you came back, I was feeling in my pocket, and I found five or six pennyworth of halfpence in my right-hand pocket—my purse was a red leather one.





SAMUEL NICHOLLS
. I am a constable. I received information, and took the prisoners—I found on Williams, one half-crown, five shillings, and four sixpences, in silver, and 1 1/4 d. in copper, all loose in one pocket—I found nothing on Pitman.

Williams. If I had time, I could bring forward a man who was before the Magistrate, who would say, on his oath, that one witness contradicted another; that the two females swore positively that I took it, and then that the other took it and gave it to me; and when I asked the witnesses questions, the Magistrate told me I had no right to ask questions. Witness. Williams examined the witnesses at great length.

Williams's Defence. I went into the house—I changed half-a-crown—I paid for a pint of beer—the landlord examined the half-crown for five or six minutes—there were about a dozen females of loose character there—I had 2s. 4d. change—I think the landlord ought to be here, for he was the very man who took us—I stopped there, as the card-playing took my attention—I was in the town selling my goods, and it begun to rain—I went into the house—I understand Tracey has been confined.





SARAH ANN TRACEY
. No, I have not—I came from Colchester, which is my native place—I did not drink any beer—you cannot prove that I was ever at Chelmsford.

JURY. Q. Were you acquainted with Wheeler? A. No; I had seen her, but not spoken to her.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Life.

PITMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
