





First London Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1363. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  CHATTERTON
               




             was indicted, for 


               feloniously uttering a forged request for the delivery of goods, with intent to defraud 
                     
                        Frederick 
                        Sandon
                     




                  , he well knowing the same to be forged
            , against the Statute, &c.
FREDERICK SANDON. I am a chymist and druggist
, and live at No. 92, Newgate-street


. I know 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Butler
               



             - he is not a customer of mine - I knew nothing of him at the time in question - on the 6th of August, the prisoner came to my house about four o'clock in the afternoon - I did not know him before - he presented a note purporting to be written by Mr. Butler - he said nothing more, but merely presented the note to my young man, as he tells me - I came into the shop immediately afterwards - my young man is not here - I came down myself into the shop, in consequence of reading the note which was sent up to me - I was up stairs when it was brought - I went down and saw the prisoner - I asked him if the note was from Mr. Butler, and if the syringe was for Mr. Butler - he said it was; and the reason why Mr. Butler sent to me was, because he had a country order, and wanted to send the syringe off immediately by coach - I gave him the syringe myself; the value to me is 15s. - he went away with it - I afterwards suspected the note was not Mr. Butler's handwriting, and sent my young man to Mr. Butler to make inquiry.
Prisoner. Q. Were you present to witness the presentation of the note? A. I was up stairs - I swear it is the note my young man gave me - I stated at Guildhall, at the first examination, that I had torn up the note, but found afterwards I had only torn up the blank side of it - I still preserved all the writing - the magistrate said I could be examined again if I found the note - I found it (order read).
"No. 4, Cheapside, 6th of August - Mr. Butler will feel greatly obliged to Mr. Sandon to accommodate him with one of Reed's syringes, or one of any good maker, and please to state to the bearer the price of it."
THOMAS BUTLER. I am a chymist and druggist - I did not deal with the prosecutor - the prisoner is a perfect stranger - I live at No. 4, Cheapside - this order is not in my handwriting, nor of any person authorized by me - I know nothing of it.
(The prisoner, in his defence, made a long address to the Court, but did not at all allude to the charge against him.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There were other indictments against the prisoner.
