





1862. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CONNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Keen
                        



                     
                  , on the 28th of September
, with intent to steal, and stealing 1 watch, value 30s.; 1 ribbon, value 1d.; 1 seal, value 1d.; 1 key, value 1d.; 2 shirts, value 10s.; 4 neckerchiefs, value 3s., and 1 shift, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Merriott
                        



.


                  ROBERT 
                  MERRIOTT
               



            . I reside at Mrs. Keen's, No. 5, Goldsmith-street, Gough-square, St. Bride's


 - I have the first floor, but board and lodge below with Mrs. Keen. On the 28th of September, after eight o'clock in the morning, I saw this watch safe at the head of my bed on the first floor - I left the house about nine; the watch was silver, and worth 30s., it had a ribbon, a seal and key - I came home between six and seven that evening, it was safe then; between seven and eight I found the prisoner lying on the bed-room floor, between the dressing-table and the bed - it was dark; I knocked against him when I went in - he said he was in liquor, and came there to look for a lodging; he must have got in by false keys, for the doors were all locked - the front door is generally left open, but there is a door at the bottom of the staircase.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON Q. Was the man drunk when you found him? A. He said he was drunk; I do not know whether he was so or not; he laid down there - I said, "What do you do here?" he said,
"I came to look for a lodging;" he looked dirty in the face - he did not say he had come for a lodger; there is no maid servant in the house - I had not been in the bed-room before since morning.


                  SARAH 
                  KEEN
               



            . I live in Goldsmith-street, St. Bride's, and rent the house. Merriott and his wife lodged with me; the prisoner was quite a stranger - I never knew him inquire for a lodging at my house; I had no other lodgers- Merriott's wife is my daughter; my street door is kept open all day, but we have a door on the staircase - I am sure that was shut between seven and eight o'clock, and from six to eight; a person must have opened that door to get to this bed-room-it opens with a latch-key; I had not been into the bed-room that day - I know the staircase door was shut; I saw the prisoner after he was taken, in the first floor room, and saw a phosphorus-box taken from him by Evans.
Cross-examined. Q. What day of the week was it? A. Tuesday - I keep a chandler's shop; the prosecutor assists me in the business - the shop is on one side of the passage; there is an inner door at the foot of the stairs, beyond the shop door - the staircase door has no communication with the shop; I am frequently in the passage, and looked at that door - I found it shut; we heard a noise over-head, which alarmed us - Mr. Merriott went up stairs, and found the prisoner; we thought we heard the staircase door open and shut just before that - we went to the door, and it was then shut; we came back, and heard the noise over-head - nobody else lives in the house; I had not been out of the house all day.


                  SARAH 
                  MERRIOTT
               



            . I am Keen's daughter-in-law, and the prosecutor's wife. I left my bed-room about nine o'clock in the morning, on the 28th of September - the watch was then at the head of the bed; I went out about six, and was not at home when the prisoner was taken - I saw the watch at the head of the bed at half-past four that afternoon; it is always kept there - there was nobody in the bed-room then; the bed-room cannot be got at without opening the door at the bottom of the stairs - I had locked the bed-room door, and hung the key in the room at the back of the shop, where we usually live; when the prisoner was taken the watch had been removed from the head of the bed - it laid on the counterpane when I saw it; the two shirts had been in a chest of drawers, in a closet in our sitting-room, which is on the same floor - I was sent for on the prisoner being taken, and when I came into the room I found the two shirts, four or five handkerchiefs, and one of my shifts removed from the drawer, and placed on the table; I am certain they were safe in the drawerwhen I went out - the prisoner was quite a stranger to me.
Cross-examined. Q. When you were in the room at half-past four o'clock, you took particular notice of the watch? A. Yes, I made the bed at that time - I did not look under the bed; I am certain nobody was under it, for there are chests under it, so that a person could not get the whole of his body under - I did not look at the shirts and things that afternoon, but am certain they were there; they were in the drawer, and not on the table - one room communicates with another; you are obliged to go through the sitting-room to go to the bed-room - there is a back door to the house, but the staircase door is between that and the bed-room; the back door is kept bolted - a person coming in at the back door must open the staircase door to get up stairs.
EDWARD EVANS. I am a porter. I was called by Keen, my next door neighbour, to assist in detaining the prisoner in the first floor room; I was obliged to go through the sitting-room to get to that bed-room - I there found the prisoner in custody; there was a strong smell of fire - I thought the place was on fire, but we found it was a phosphorus-box which was in his pocket; I saw him throw the case of it but of his pocket - I delivered it to the constable.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you as drunk then as you are now? A. I was not drunk, nor am I now - I am a porter, and have lived twenty years with Messrs. Middleton and Co.
WILLIAM ASHPLANT. I am a constable. The prisoner was delivered to me - I found a key in his possession, and a latch-key was picked up among others, by Mr. Merriott, on the floor; I produce the watch.
Cross-examined. Q. Was the prisoner drunk? A. He was rather in liquor - I had not the least reason to suppose Evans drunk; I do not think him perfectly sober now.
COURT. Q. Did you try the latch-key to the staircase door? A. Yes, and it opened it.


                  ROBERT 
                  MERRIOTT
               



             re-examined. I found these keys in the room after I seized the prisoner; none of them belong to us - this long key, with two ends, was picked up in the street; it opens the door of the first floor room - the latch-key opens the staircase door; here are five skeleten-keys, and a piece of iron - this is my watch.


                  SARAH 
                  MERRIOTT
               



            . This is the watch which hung at the head of the bed - the linen is in my possession; I have not brought it here.
Prisoner's Defence. I was very much intoxicated, and did not know what occurred till I was taken into custody.


                  MICHAEL 
                  KELLY
               



            . I am a plasterer, and live in George-yard, Snow-hill. The prisoner lived there with his father - I have known him twelve months; he bore a good character, and kept regular hours - he worked for Hadley and Co., the engine-makers, in Blackfriars-road; he was there till between one and two o'clock on the day of the robbery - an old man in the shop had got married, and stood a drop of beer; the prisoner had some, and perhaps was not able to stand it as well as others.
COURT. Q. Are these keys used is his business? A. This iron is one of his working tools - this latch-key I firmly believe he made to open his father's door; the others are common box lock keys - this one is a common key used in gentlemen's houses; it is called a master-key.
Q. Do you mean that key with open wards at each end? A. Some such key as this is used in gentlemen's houses; it might have got into a locksmith's hands.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
