




1567. 



WILLIAM FLOYD
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
21st of May, 1 shift value 4s.; and 2 shirts, value 4s.; the goods of 



Eliza Taylor; and that he had before been convicted of felony: and 




SARAH DUNTON



for feloniously receiving the same goods, well knowing them to have been stolen, against the statute.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.





SUSANNA WINTER
. I am the daughter of William Winter. He is gardener to Mr. Brockelbank—I know the prisoner Floyd—I saw him on the 21st of May—he was under the clothes-line in Greenwich Park—I did not see him do any thing—when he saw me he ran away—he had a bundle in his hand—he was standing still when I first saw him—I told Mrs. Brooks.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Have you always given this account? A. Yes; I have said there were more persons than one by the clothesline—I did not state that just now—there were more persons than one—I said, when I was first asked, that Floyd was one of them—I did not say that I could not tell whether he was there.

Re-examined. Q. Did you know him by sight before? A. No—I am quite sure he is the person who had the bundle and ran away.

Floyd. She ought to know me; I lived in the park.





ANN BROOKS
. I am laundress to Mr. Brockelbank. I went to the lines in the park, and missed two shirts and one shift—they were the proPerty of Eliza Tavlor, Mr. Brockelbank's daughter.






CATHERINE CHAPPLE
. I know Sarah Dunton—she gave me a shift to get mangled on the 21st of May—after I took that home, she gave me two shirts—I got them mangled—it was in the evening—I gave her back the two shirts and shift when I had got them mangled—I know Floyd lived down the creek.

Cross-examined by
MR. PERRY. Q. Do you know Sarah Dunton? A, Yes; I have gone on errands for her—I generally take her things to get mangled.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What time did you take these things? A. Before tea.





CHARLES NICHOLLS
 (police-constable R 164.) I apprehended Dunton. I asked her where she got the shift which she gave to Chapple to pawn—she said she bought it of a woman the day before in Stable-yard-street-it was on the Tuesday morning I took her.





WILLIAM THOMAS
. I am a police-inspector. I had some conversation with Dunton on Sunday, when she was in confinement in the cage—she said she would tell me all about the concern—she then stated that Fioyd came to her on the Thursday afternoon, and asked if she would buy a shift, and she said she did not care, what did he want for it—he said half-a-crown—she said she had no particular use for it, but she would give him 1s. 6d.—he then proposed that she should give him 1s. 6d. then and another shilling in the course of the week—he then went away and fetched in the shift and two shirts—she asked him whose they were—he said they were a young fellow's outside—she said she bought the shift, but not the shirts, and the did not know they were stolen.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was there any one present but yourself? A. There was a man on duty, but he is not here.





JAMES WILD
 (police-constable R 141.) I apprehended the prisoner Floyd on the night of the 21st of May. I took him out of the Black Boy public-house—he made great resistance—as we were going along he wanted to go up a court—I took him up a court and found on him two duplicates, one for a shawl and one for a shirt, or two shirts, pawned on the 21st of May, at Mr. Simmons's—as 1 was looking at them, he snatched them from me, and put them into his mouth—I took the shoes off his feet and compared them with the marks in the park—I had seen the marks in the park before, and preserved them.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How did you preserve them? A. By putting something over them—there were two sizes of foot-marks; one smaller than these.
----SEAWARD. I am shopman to a pawnbroker. I produce two shirts, pawned by a lad, on the 21st May, in the name of George Clink.





THOMAS HENRY HARRISON
. I am shopman to a pawnbroker, at Greetwich—this shift was brought to me by Chaple, and I stopped her—she said she brought it from Dunton.





JAMES WILD
. I produce a certificate of Floyd's conviction (read)—I took him—he was tried at Maidstone last March twelve months.

Floyd's Defence. I was drawn into it then—a young man, named Small stole it, and he was sentenced from this bar.
(JOHN JEFFREYS, a baker, King-street, Deptford, gave Floyd a good character.)

FLOYD 

GUILTY
. Aged 18.—

Transported for Fourteen Years.


DUNTON—


NOT GUILTY
.
