




1056. 




ANDREW CARROLL
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
1st of April, 1 1/2 lb. of worsted, value 6s.; and 6 bobbins of silk, value 7s.; the goods of 



Henry Woolcott, his master; and





WILLIAM JOB
 was indicted for

feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statute.






HENRY WOOLCOTT
. I live in Museum-street, Bloomsbury. The prisoner Carroll was in my employ for nearly four years—he was foreman, and had nearly the whole management of my business—I did not know Job till I saw him at the station—I have heard Carroll mention his name, and believe he knew him—I went to the station on the morning of the 1st of April, at half-past, seven o'clock, and saw this bobbin of silk, and four hanks of worsted, which are mine—the silk is worth 7s., and the worsted about 6s.—Job said it was not miner that he had bought the silk in St. Martin's-lane, and the worsted in Ropemaker-street—he was then in custody—I went home, and said to Carroll, "How do you account for what I have seen at the station-house?"—he said he had taken 1 1/2 lb. of worsted and 5 drams of silk, and sold it to a poor man who was hard up—he had au-thority to sell my silk and worsted—he books the account of what he sells, immediately, but he had not booked this, or any part of it, nor has he paid me any money for it—he ought to pay it to my wife, who is generally present—I asked him if he had entered this in the book—he said, "No."

Cross-examined by
MR. MAHON. Q. Do you receive money of Carroll? A. No; my wife does—my book is here—I believe Job is a bell-pull manufacturer—I never saw him as a customer at my shop—I am out a great deal—I never left town for a month together—I had been away once for three weeks—I can swear to this worsted as being mine—I bought the

wool in its pure state, and had it dyed to these colours—it is part of two pads that I bought, of a description that I never saw before nor since—there may be worsted made of as wool, and the same brilliant dye—I had a character with Carroll—he was a good servant up to this time—he managed nearly all my business—I took stock four times a year—our stock was increasing—we were taking stock at the time I discovered this.

Q. Was it Carroll's habit to enter every little trifle at the moment? A. Yes; he ought to do it—if I saw him leave the book, I called him back to enter the articles—if the book had been made up in the evening, I should have been satisfied—these things were taken in the morning—he said be had sold these articles to a poor man, who would call and pay in a day or two, and he would not enter them till they were paid for.

COURT. Q. Whether that stuff be finer than your neighbour's, or better or worse, are there other circumstances which enable you to swear to this? A. Yes, there is a peculiarity about the wool and the colour.

MR. MAHON. Q. Did I not understand you, that silk and worsted of the same dye, and in every way as fine and good as this, may be had at other shops in London? A. Yes; but I never saw exactly the same description of wool as this—it is coarse Scotch wool—I had it on trial, from Haddon and Co.—they were the only two pads they had—I have never seen the same sort as this—the prisoner sells in my shop, but never outside—if he had sold any thing, he ought to have put it in the book.

MRS. WOOLCOTT. I am the wife of the prosecutor. Carroll always pays me the money he receives for goods—he never paid me for these—it would have been his duty to have done it—it U not his practice to sell outside the house.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you in the habit of attending the shop? A. Yes—when goods are sold on credit, Carroll did not pay me for them till they were paid for—I have seen Job at the shop, I think, six or seven times in the last twelve months—he came to purchase articles there—he is a bell-rope maker, I believe, and for that business he would require such articles as these—Carroll never took articles to supply his private friends, and paid for them out of his wages—I never knew it, nor did my husband ever speak to me about it—I am always in the shop—Carroll had the entire management of the retail business—we have a good many customers in a day, but he ought to enter every article as it is sold, if several customers are in the shop—I do not remember any article being sold by eight o'clock in the morning and not entered by three o'clock in the afternoon—I have said to him, "You have forgotten to enter such and such articles which have been sold"—Job sometimes bought half a pound or three quarters of a pound of worsted—I never saw him buy silk—we do not allow silk to be sold except to persons that work for us—no persons in our business have bought silk of us—I do not think I should let any fringe-manufacturer have any silk—when Job has come to our shop I have called Carroll to serve him—I think Job has not made any purchase that I have not seen—our business was increasing—I cannot say whether the stock was increasing—I never complained to my husband of the deficiency of any articles—I never had reason to suspect that I had lost any thing through Carroll.





GEORGE ATKINS
 (police-constable E 103) On the morning in question I was on duty in Museum-street, and saw Carroll come out of the prosecutor's shop; but before then, in going up Museum-street, I had seen the prisoner Job coming up Hart-street—as soon as he saw me, he turned

back again—I went two or three doors past Hart-street, and pretended to be looking in at a window—I saw Job run very nimbly across Museum-street into Castle-street—I then turned back to watch him—I had seen him frequently before, every morning when I was on duty there, for nearly a fortnight—I saw him turn round the corner of Duke-street—I stood there a few minutes, and my sergeant came—I told him I was watching Job—I then waited till I saw Carroll come out of Duke-street, and go to the prosecutor's shop—he staid in there ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—he then came out with each side of his bosom very full of something, and his hat so full that he could hardly keep it on his head—he had nothing exposed; it was all concealed—I passed close by him, he me the time of the morning, and said it was a fine morning, and I said the same—I went to the corner of Duke-street, and he went there too—I crossed the road and stood there, and presently I saw Job come peeping round the corner of Vine-street—I cast my eyes to the right, and saw Carroll beckon with his head, and Job went over to him—Carroll went on to his house, No. 23, Duke-street, and Job followed him in—I then watched till I saw Carroll come out with apparently nothing in his bosom, nor yet in his hat—I waited three or four minutes, and Job came out of the house with this bundle of blue worsted under his arm, this red worsted in his hat, and this bobbin of silk in his waistcoat pocket.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know that Carroll was foreman to Mr. Woolcott? A. I knew he was servant there—I knew be lived at No. 23, Duke-street—I have never seen him come to Woolcott's door and deliver parcels to customers—I did not know where Job lived then—I never saw him in Mr. Woolcott's shop—I had never spoken to Job any more than bid him good morning—I did not follow Carroll into the house—I cannot swear that Job had nothing in his pocket when I saw him first this morning; he might have had this silk and worsted—I did not search him till I got him to the station-house.





DANIEL MOBBS
. I am a police-sergeant. I was at the station-house, and found the property on Job, as has been described—I found some bobbins of silk at his house.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you search Carroll's house? A. Yes; I found nothing there that was claimed by the prosecutor—what I found at Job's house were mere trifles.

Carroll's Defence. When Job had these things there was no felonious intent, they are to be bought at any shop in London.

Job's Defence. On the morning in question I went to ask for credit for a little worsted, to execute an order for a gentleman in Tottenham-court-road—I thought if I could see Carroll, I would ask him for half-a-crown instead of getting credit—I saw him come out—I went to him and said, "Do you think your master would trust me for a little worsted, as I am quite out of money?"—I asked him to let me go into his house, and he got me these things—I was not conscious but that his master knew it.
(Thomas Ryley, Bain bridge-street, St. Giles's; Owen M'Dermott, Salamanca-place, Lambeth; Barnard Riley, Rosemary-place; and Patrick Foley, St. Andrew's-hill, gave Carroll a good character: and George Liddiard, Pump-alley; William Salter, Payne-street, Islington; and James Hargood, of Golden-lane, gave Job a good character.)

CARROLL—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.

JOB—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.

Recommended to mercy by the Jury.—



Transported for Seven Years.
