




1360. 




GEORGE LOSCOMBE
 and 




JOHN WEST
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Spiers, on the 
12th of April, at 
St. Mary, Lambeth, and stealing therein, 11 watch value 2l. 10s.; 2 seals, value 36s.; 1 watch-key, value 4s.; 1 ring, value 6d.; 1 pocket-book, value 5s.; 16 napkins, value 10s.; 2 coats, value 3l.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; 3 pair of trowsers, value 30s.; 1 ornaments, value 5s.; and 2 shawls, value 7s., his goods.






THOMAS SPIERS
. I live in Lark-hall-lane, Prospect-place, in the parish of St. Mary, Lambeth. On the 12th of April, I went out at rather between than half-past two o'clock—there are two doors in front of my house, and a back-door also—I left nobody at home—one of the front-doors was fastened by a spring-lock, and the other was bolted inside, chained, and locked—I left the one which fastens by a spring, shut—I returned at a few minutes after six o'clock the same day—I unlocked the door which was on the spring-lock, and found the house had been robbed—I found my desk broken open, the lock of it was broken—it was in the back sitting-room,

down-stairs—I cannot say any thing was missing from the desk—the papers were strewed about—I missed my watch from the same room, that had been on the mantel-piece—I went up-stairs and found the drawers all open, and things taken out—they were all ransacked—four china ornaments were taken from the mantel-piece of the front bed-room; and from one back-room, sixteen disper napkins, three silver coins, out of a drawer—two goldseals, a key, a ring, and one pair of drab trowsers, from the same room—and a great-coat, a dress-coat, two pair of trowsers, and a waistcoat out of the back-room—the lock of the cupboard down-stairs was broken open, we missed nothing from that—I had left all these articles safe—I had my watch in my hand after half-past two o'clock, when I left the house.





JOHN PLUMMER
. I live about a hundred yards from Spiers. On the day of the robbery I saw both the prisoners about a hundred yards from my house, very near the prosecutor's house—it was about four o'clock, or a little after—they were holding the fence looking over into the field at the front-part of the house—I went into the garden afterwards, and remained there about twenty minutes—I then saw them pass in a direction towards London, from Mr. Spiera's house—they each had a bbundle, I believe; I know West had one under his left arm, which was next to me by the fence—I am not quite certain that Loscombe had a bundle, neither of them had a bundle when I saw them before—I was about ten yards from them—I could see West's bundle better than the other.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Are you quite sure this was on the day of the robbery? A. Yes; the prosecutor's house lays between the Clapham and Wandsworth roads—I remember hearing of a trotting-match in the neighbourhood—that was on the 11th, and this was on the 12th—I had seen them on the 11th as well, which made me notice them.

COURT. Q. Where did you see them on the 11th? A. In a public-house, and they asked me for the newspaper which made me notice them—they were together then.





JOHN STEPHENSON
. I am a policeman. I had heard of Spiers's robbey—I was on duty in Clapham-road on the 16th of April, and saw the prisoners on Clapham-rise together, and having the description of the two men from Plummer, the moment I saw them I walked by them and watched their manceuvres for a considerable time—I then went home and put on my plain clothes and called Plummer, who lived close by me, and came to the spot near where I had seen them before—they had been there for an hour and a half—I sent Plummer on first, and then I went up and took them into custody on suspicion of being the two men, on the Rise, and took them to Clapham station-house—I searched them, and on West found pocket-book, a silk handkerchief, three half-pence, and a penknife—on Loscombe I found a silk handkerchief, a skeleton-key, two latchkeys, a snuff-box, a tabacco-box, and a chisel—he said the skeleton-key was the key belonging to his residence, and the latch-keys belonged to his door at No.36, New-street, Lambeth—I went to the house, but could not open the door with the skeleton key—the latch-key I could open it with, with difficulty, but it was not made for that latch, for the latch was a square one, and this is not a square—one of them does not fit at all—I took Loscombe's hat off and felt round it, thinking there might be something in the lining, but there was nothing in it—I put it down close by the side of him, and am sure there was nothing in it then—I took a black silk handkerchief off his neck and searched that, and put that in his hat, or close to it.

Cross-examined. Q. Is Clapham-rise far from where the robbery was

effected? A. It is half-a-mile from it—the skeleton-key did not open the door at all—I found his residence correct.





WILLIAM GEORGE WORRALL
. I am a policeman. I was at the station-house when Stephenson brought the prisoner in—I recollect his searching them perfectly well—I saw Loscombe'ss hat taken off—it was placed on a box close by his side—a person in the room took up the hat—I immediately took charge to it, and there were six skeleton keys in it—that might he minutes after it was first put down—they were tied up in a small piece of calico—I went to the prosecutor's house, and tried the whole of the key and the smallest of the six undid his door very easily indeed.

Cross-examined. Q. Were they examined by you at the station-house A. Stephenson searched them—there were no other prisoners in custody at the time—there was nobody present but the prisoners and the police.





GEORGE VICKERSS
. I am a policeman. One Sunday morning some weeks previous to this, (I forget the date,) I saw West in the New Cut, Lambeth—I saw him go into a house at the corner of Isabella-street, and Gibson-street—it was before the 12th of April—I went to that house on the 16th after coming from Union-hall, and having a list of the property lost with me, I searched, and in a small box I found this small seed on the first-floor front room—I shewed it to Mr. Spiers—he described the seal he had lost to me before I showed it to him.

MR. SPIERS
re-examined. This pocket-book do not know—this seal is one I lost—it was on a ring with another seal and a key—there is nothing else that I know.

Cross-examined. Q. Is not that rather a common kinds of seal? A. I bought it for gold—I know it is mine—I have seen seals wish the same motto but I never saw one with a green stone like this, nor have I seen one worn like this is, which is white at the top—I remarked that to my wife—I said when I described it that there were red spots on it similar to sealing-wax—I have no recollection of saying there were bits of red stealing-wax on it—the Magistrate said the red marks were not sealing-wax but blood stone—I have had it seven years next August—I told the Magistrate what the motto was, and about the spots, and its being worn.
Loscombe's Defence. I went on this day to see my brother, who lives in a gentleman's service in Clapham-road—there was a trotting match, and we stopped to see it, but it did not come on—we went to the Larkhall public-house and had some dinner—I did not go that way again till Wednesday or Thursday, I am not sure which—I did not see my brother then, and went again on Saturday—I have two lodgers, and each have a key.
West's Defence. I accompanied him in the way he had said to see him relative.

LOSCOME—


GUILTY
 Aged 25.

WEST-


GUILTY
 Aged 23.




Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Park.
