






1338 
               
                  FANNY 
                  BURR
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of May
, 9 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Christie
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecutions.
JOHN CHRISTIE. I was a shopkeeper
, but have retired, and live in George-street, Lambeth. On the 7th of May I had been dining with some friends; I had been drinking all day, and was going home at past one o'clock in the morning - I had a little terrier dog with me; I was very heavy with liquor, and rather sleepy - I observed a woman pick the dog up; I consider it was near Charing-cross - she kept walking on; I followed her into a house in Whitcomb-street


; I remember going into a room, but after that I remember no more till I was awoke; I had not picked up the woman, or made any advances to her; I had a watch, and nine sovereigns in gold, in my fob, loose, under my watch; I consider that I fell asleep immediately - I was awoke by a woman, but I cannot say who it was; she asked me something; I felt for my watch, and found my fob was turned inside out - I believe I sat still, but I hardly know; I then heard a person's voice say."Here, here, take your watch," and it was quietly put into my hand; upon this, a Policeman came up - the prisoner was then present; the Policeman asked if I had lost any thing; I said, Yes, ten or twelve sovereigns, and my watch, but the woman had given me my watch back - I went to the Police station - I fell asleep till the morning - I then went before the Magistrate, and gave my evidence; I can recollect as late as twelve o'clock at night, that I had ten sovereigns in my watch-fob, and I took out one, and changed it; I had changed two in the course of the day; from twelve o'clock till one I had been at a public-house in Jermyn-street.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Is this house one that you know? A. I lived so long in the neighbourhood I cannot say I do not know the street, there are several brothels in that street; I had never been in that house, to my knowledge, before; the dog caused me to go there - I know I had my money at twelve o'clock, when I got change for a sovereign - I then took out my watch, and felt the rest of my money there; my sovereigns could not fall out - my fob is very narrow - I swear I had nine sovereigns at twelve o'clock at night; in the morning, when I came from Lambeth to town, I know perfectly well I had twelve sovereigns in my watch fob; I changed no more than three - I had been drinking all day; I can drink a good deal sometimes - I had part of two bottles of wine between three of us before breakfast; I had wine and water at different houses- I think I was in four houses - I drank no beer; I might take ale, or a glass of rum and water - after two o'clock I became very much intoxicated; I took two glasses of rum and water with a friend in Jermyn-street, and do not recollect what took place after that.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you know the prisoner before? A.No.
ANN BARRETT. I am servant at the house, No. 18, Whitcomb-street. The prisoner did not lodge there, but on the 8th of May she came there, about half-past one o'clock in the morning; she had a dog in her arms - the prosecutor followed her, and asked for the dog; she was going up stairs - I told her the prosecutor was in liquor; she said he was not in liquor, but near sighted - they then went up stairs, and were there for an hour or an hour and a half; I then heard a creaking on the stairs - I went out of the parlour, and saw the prisoner coming down the last flight of stairs, with her shoes in her hand; I asked where the gentleman was - she said he was up stairs, that he had but 2s. about him, and she would not stop with him; I told her to go up stairs - I followed her with a candle; when I went into the room I found the prosecutor leaning back on the sofa, with his hat under the stove, and his fobpocket turned inside out, which was not so when he went in; I said to the prisoner,
"I don't think it is all right;" she said she knew the prosecutor, that he was a horse-dealer, and lived in Tothill-street - I shook the prosecutor, and awoke him; the prisoner was standing by - I told him she had been leaving the house without her shoes, and I had detained her; he put his hand to his fob, and said he had lost his watch - I then came down to call a Policeman, but my husband had called one, and he went up with him; the prisoner had fastened the room door - the Policeman knocked, and she opened the door; there was then a sovereign and two halfpence on the table, which had not been there just before - and the prosecutor was sitting at the foot of the bed, with his watch in his hand; he told us the woman had given him the watch back - the officer then asked him if he had lost any thing; he said he had lost ten or twelve sovereigns - the prisoner declared she had not more than half a crown or two shillings about her, and wished to be searched in the house; the prosecutor and the prisoner were then taken to St. Ann's watch-house - the prosecutor seemed very much in liquor, and more so when I went up to awake him than before.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you married? A. Yes, and I live servant there; there was no one in the house but the prosecutor, the prisoner, I, my husband, and my master.
WILLIAM BARRETT. I am the husband of this witness. I saw the prisoner come in about half-past one o'clock, with a dog in her arms; she went up stairs, and the prosecutor went up after her - I heard her say to him on the stairs,"Do you mean to stop all night or not?" he said,
"No, I want my dog;" they went up stairs, and I heard no more for some time; I then heard some footsteps coming down stairs very slow and very light - I came out of the room, and saw the prisoner with her shoes in her hand; my wife stopped her; I went for the Policeman, and went up stairs with him - he knocked at the door, and sang out"Police - if you don't open the door I will;" I went in, and saw the prosecutor sitting on the bed, with his watch in his hand, and his fob turned out; there was a sovereign and two halfpence on the table - the prisoner said she had nothing about her whatever, and the Policeman took her in charge.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you or your wife go out first when you heard the prisoner? A.We both went out together - she denied that she had any money of the prosecutor's.
COURT. Q. Give us her words? A. I asked the prosecutor if he had lost any money, and he said, Yes, ten or twelve sovereigns; the prisoner said she had no money belonging to him, and that she had no money at all about her - I and my wife were sitting in the back parlour when she came down - I went for the Policeman; my wife did not go out of the street door.
WILLIAM TURNER (Police-constable C 176.) I wascalled into the house by 
               
                  William 
                  Barrett
               



             - we went up stairs; the room door was fast - I knocked and called out Police! I heard a lock or a bolt move; I then opened the door, which I could not do before, and went in - I saw the prosecutor sitting on the foot of the bed; I said,
"What is the matter, old boy?" and tapped him on the shoulder; I saw he was very tipsy - he said,
"I have lost my watch and my sovereigns;" I said, "You have your watch in your hand" - he said, "She gave it me back;" I said,"How many sovereigns have you lost?" he said ten or twelve - the prisoner said,
"I have no money belonging to him;" I said,
"Here is a sovereign on the table" - she said, "I would not submit to him for a sovereign;" I said,
"You are very extravagant, I will take this and put it into my pocket - come, turn it up, or I will take you to the station;" she said,
"Search me here" - I said, "No, I will take you to the station;" we went there - I said to the inspector, "The old gentleman is not quite compos mentis, but he tells his story so straight forward that I wish to search the prisoner;" I took a candle and went into a private cell, where I stripped the prisoner to her shift, stockings, and shoes - two sovereigns fell from her bosom, and she said,
"They were given me by a gentleman I met in the Haymarket;" she then said I was a very good lady's maid, and asked me to dress her again - I said I would do my best; she said, "You have found nothing," but I told her to sit down, and I took off one of her shoes - she again said, "You have found nothing," but I took off the other, and found these six sovereigns in it.
Cross-examined. Q.Have you not a woman for the purpose of examining females? A.No; the prisoner made no charge against the prosecutor; she said she had no money belonging to him, and no money at all.
Prisoner's Defence. They did not ask me if I had any money, only if I had robbed the prosecutor; I told them I had not - I had met him that night near Charing-cross; he asked me to take him home, and I said I could not; he then asked me if I knew a house; I took him to Whitcomb-street - he said he was afraid of losing his dog - I said I would take that; he told me to go on, and he would follow me; we went to a back room, for which he paid 1s. - he gave me two sovereigns, which I put into my bosom; he then wanted to take improper liberties with me - I was an hour and a half before I could get away; I was going down, and met the witness on the stairs; she said, "Where is your friend;" I said,
"He is up stairs;" he had sat down, and pretended to be asleep - the officer was fetched, and I was taken to the station; the next day he did not know what to say; he at first said it was at half-past two o'clock, then at three, and then between eleven and twelve; the officer told him what to say.
ANN BARRETT re-examined. Q.Had the prosecutor paid 1s. for the room? A. Yes, he certainly had; she forced the 1s. out of his pocket, and he said, "I want my dog, I want to go home."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
