



747. 




JOHN COLSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
28th of January, at 
St. Martin-in-the-Fields, 1 seal, value 2l.; 1 ring, value 1s.; 1 watch-key, value 1s.; 1 cash-box, value 10s.; 12 sovereigns, 16 half-sovereigns, and 3 £20, 1 £10, and 3 £5 Bank-notes; 4 £10, 1 £30, 1 £70 2s. 8d., 1 £51 5s. 4d., 1 £50, and 1 £40, bills of Exchange, and 1 order for the payment of 10l.; the goods, monies, and property of 



Henry Gibbs, in his dwelling-house.






HENRY GIBBS
. I live at No. 23, Great Newport-street, in the parish of St. Martin-in-the-fields. On the 28th of January I went to the Grapes Tavern, St. Martin's-lane—I met the prisoner there about half-past ten o'clock in the morning—I entered into conversation with him respecting some horses, and one thing or another, and then went to my shop—I had a cash-box in my iron safe—there were a great many bills of Exchange in it, and twelve sovereigns, sixteen half-sovereigns, and three £20 Bank-notes—there was more than 600l. in all—the prisoner went with me to my shop—we got home about half-past eleven o'clock—we drank together a little—I took him home with a person who had lived with me, and we lunched together—after that, a person called for the payment of 4l. 17s. 8d. for some wine—I got my cash-box out of my iron safe, and got the money out, and paid the amount—I saw the other money there at that time, and left the cash-box on the table, locked—there was no one in the parlour but the prisoner and Corfield, who had lived with me—he is not here—the prisoner saw me take the money out of the box—I was then called into the shop, and left the box on the table, but supposed it to be locked up—I was not in the shop more than half an hour—when

I returned, the prisoner and the other man were both there—I did not notice the box—I had got both keys in my hand. I fell asleep—it might be from what little I had drank, not having breakfasted—I should think I slept for an hour—this was between twelve and one o'clock—I awoke from half-past two to three o'clock—no one was there then—the prisoner and Corfield were gone—Corfield had gone before that—as I remember his asking me if he could do any business for me in the City—I remember his going, and he left the prisoner there—that was before I went to sleep the first time—I fell asleep again, and nothing occurred to make me think of the property, till Mr. Humphreys called to borrow 30l—I then went for my cash-box, and it was gone, and all the property—there was a gold seal, a ring, and a key in it—I know the numbers of the three £20 notes, and this is my box, and this purse belongs to me—here are two of the £20 notes—they have got my writing on the back of them—and there was another £20 note which I have seen, but it is not here.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you ever seen this man in your life before? A. Not to my knowledge—I met him the first thing in the morning at the Grapes, and we drank together—we tossed up for gin—I paid for the beer and the gin—we did not toss for ale—I had but one glass on gin—it was half a pint between four other persons—we had a pint of half-and-half—I asked the prisoner to lunch, and he walked with me home—there was a pint of ale there, and I think there was some gin when I paid Fearon's man—I am certain of it—it came from the Grapes—I suppose I sent for it—I would not swear it was there—I do not know Mr. Best—I know of no one calling except Fearon's clerk—I did not desire the prisoner to deny me because I had too much to drink, and did not wish my customers to see me in the state I was in—there was no one with the prisoner except during lunch—I left Corfield with him when I went into the shop—I have not seen Corfield since the first hearing—he is an acquaintance of mine—he is gone to live with his father in Keppel-street, Russell-square—I thought the box was in the safe locked up—I forgot it certainly—I was sober—we may all be forgetful sometimes about little papers and that—it was after I came back from the shop the first time that I fell asleep—the prisoner was there then—he was lunching for about half-an-hour—I fell asleep when I went back—the prisoner was there then—I think I slept for an hour—when I awoke neither of them were there—Corefield had gone prior to my falling asleep—when I awoke I missed the prisoner—I was awake about half-an-hour—I fell asleep again about half-past two or three o'clock—no one minded my shop.

COURT. Q. You fell asleep twice? A. Yes—I had not drank more than usual—it is a customary thing with me to take a little—I should not generally have fallen asleep after what I had taken—I don't know whether it was caused by any thing else—there were four persons I think with the prisoner when I first saw him—I live at Hampstead, opposite the Load of Hay—Mr. Corfield is my next-door neighbour—he is the brother of the man who was there that day—I came to town by the Hampstead stage.





LUKE WILLIAM HAMILTON
. On Thursday, the 28th of January, I went to Mr. Gibbs' shop, and saw the prisoner there—he asked me what I wanted. I told him to see Mr. Gibbs—he said he was in the parlour asleep—that was at twenty minutes past two o'clock—he told me that Mr. Gibbs desired him to fasten the shop-door, and he bolted it, and said, "Now, you may go to school."


Cross-examined. Q. Do you live with Mr. Gibbs? A. No; I call every day when I go to school, to see if I can do any thing.





JOSHUA FREEMAN
. I am clerk of the Bank of England. I produce two £20 bank-notes, Nos. 15147, and 4550—they have been presented for payment.





CHARLES MARKS
. I am clerk a to Sir Charles Price and Co., bankers. These two £20 notes were paid to us on the 30th of January, to the credit of Mr. Webb, of Oxford-street.

Cross-examined. Q. Who paid them into your house? A. Mr. Webb, a cheesemonger, of Oxford-street.





CHARLES JOHN WEBB
. I paid these two notes at Sir Charles Price's on the 30th—I took them of Mr. Layfield, of Oxford-street—I gave gold for them, and marked them.





JOHN LAYFIELD
. I live at No. 5, Oxford-street, and am a grocer. On the 30th of January, I sent these two notes by my daughter to get change—I had written on them before—I took them of Mr. Ridley.





GEORGE RLDLEY
. I keep the George the Fourth, in Edward-street, Regents's park. I know Mr. Layfield—I changed two £20 notes with him, but I made no mark on them—I took them at my house—one from my maid-servant, Adelaide Smith, on Thursday-night, the 28th—I cannot recollect whether I took the other of Corporal Allen or the prisoner—he name to our house on that night to lodge—I had seen him there once before.





ADELAIDE SMITH
. I am servant to Mr. Ridley. On the 28th of January, the prisoner came to ledge there—he rung the bell—I answared it, and asked him what he wished for—he ordered two bottles of wins—there were several persons in company with him—I brought the wine—he gave me a £20 note to change—I gave it to my master, and gave the change to the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Should you know the note again. A. No.





GEORGE ALLEN
. I am a corporal in the 1st regiment if Life-guards. The prisoner is a first cousin of mine—on Thursday, the 28th of January, about four o'clock, he asked me to go and take a little refreshment with him at the George the Fourth—I saw him with a good bit of money—as I thought about 60l. or 70l—I thought him not capable of taking care of it, and I asked him to give me some, and he gave a £10 note, and a £20 note, and 36 sovereigns—I don't know whether that note was given to the landlord—I received a £20 and a £10 note, and then went to a public-house in Hemming's-row to get the prisoner's boxes, and he asked what was to pay, they said 5l.—I offered the £20 note—they refused it—I gave them five sovereigns—we went both to the George the Fourth, and there I gave the note again to the prisoner—I was not of the party drinking the wine—he was intoxicated.

Cross-examined. Q. What did you do with the money? A. I returned it to the prisoner—I should not know the notes—the prisoner has been in the army.





GEORGE SOUTHEY
. I live at Mr. Ridley's—it is a public-house, We open at six o'clock in the morning, and shut about eleven o'clock at night—I remember the prisoner coming there on the 28th of January—on the next morning I went to the water-closet, and again in the morning of the 31st of January, for the purpose of searching—I pulled up a marriage certificate—I have it to my master and mistress, who were together.





FRANCES RIDLEY
. I received the marriage certificate from the boy—I kept it in my hand, and delivered it to the officer Soper on Sunday evening.






THOMAS SOPER
 (police-constable F 52) I received this from the last Witness.





HENRY GIBBS
. This certificate is mine.





THOMAS SOPER
. On the 30th of January I went to the house kept by Ridley, and found the prisoner there—I asked him if his name was Colson—he said it was—I said I wanted to speak to him privately, and took him out in the front, and asked him if he knew a person of the name of Gibbs, in Newsport-street—he said he did—I asked him when he saw him last—he said on Thursday last he lunched with him—I then told him I wished him to go with me to Mr. Gibbs, for he had lost a cash-box—I took him to the station-house, and then I went to his boxes, which Mr. Ridley said he had brought, and I found a key, seal, and ring, and this bag, with thirty-five sovereigns and two half-sovereigns in it.

Cross-examined. Q. The prisoner was not present when you searched the boxes? A. No—they were locked—I forced them open,





FRANCES RIDLEY
. I was present when the last witness searched the boxes, which the prisoner brought in.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see him when he came to your house? A. Not when he came in first—he brought them in the evening—I am sure they were his boxes—no one else had slept in that room.





HENRY GIBBS
. This seal, key, and ring are mine.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know that seal? A. It has been eighteen years in this box—there is no engraving or mark—it had belonged to a Geneva watch, but it was in the box at the time of the robbery, and this key is mine.
(WILLIAM WALTON, a farmer, at Chigwell-hall, Essex, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Life.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
