







Second London Jury - Before Mr. Recorder.
896. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PEACOCK
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SIMPSON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     TANNER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the warehouse of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Ellis
                        




                     
                   and others, at St. Bennet, Paul's-wharf


, and stealing sundry goods, and various bills of exchange, &c., their property
            .
MESSRS. ADOLPHUS and CRESWELL conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am a drug-merchant
 - my warehouse is in Thames-street; I have three partners - the back-wall is between the garden in Doctors'-commons, and our premises; it is in the parish of St. Bennet, Paul's-wharf. On Saturday, the 6th of March, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the iron safe secured; I locked up the bills and cheques stated in the indictment, in it - there was a cheque for 41l. 5s., drawn by myself on Tritton and Co.; I was sent for on Monday morning, early, and arrived at the premises about six o'clock - I found them in a state of great confusion; the iron safe was broken open, or opened by a false key, the cash-boxes and desks were broken open; the bills I have named were gone, also 200ozs. of otto of roses, some in large, and some in small bottles; we lost some cash, also a gold watch, chain, and seals - I found a very large quantity of articles removed, and placed on a landing, ready to be taken away, and the whole of our business-books, about 160lbs. of opium, 14 lbs. of cochineal, a bale of ipecacuanna, a bale of cinnamon, a quantity of essential oil, and 1 cwt. of isinglass, were packed up ready to be taken away, and moved from their places, which was two stories above; some wine was missing - I think they had drank one bottle of Port, and two of Champaigne in the premises, for part of it was left in the bottles; Tanner had been in our employ for three or four years - I discharged him about three years ago; I calculate our loss at 3000l., including the bills - a person going into the garden, in Garden-court, could easily get to our back premises; the wall may be six or seven feet high - I could climb up it very well; this (looking at it) is a plan of the premises.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I am told you are wrong in the date being the 6th of March? A. I am certain I am not - I have the receipt for an advertisement which I put into the Times on the 9th; I went before the Lord Mayor on Tuesday, the 9th - I left all our establishment on the premises; they leave about eight o'clock.


                  JAMES 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I am a watchman of Castle Baynard - ward - the prosecutors' premises are in my beat. On Sunday night, the 7th of March, about twenty minutes past ten o'clock, I found their cellar door was not fast - it stands perpendicular with the wall; I stopped there till the patrol and inspector came, then got a light, and searched the cellar; I found nobody there - I went up to the warehouse, and in a back room, called the laboratory, I found a lamp burning, and by the side of it a bag of picklockkeys, a crow-bar, dark-lantern, phosphorus-box, and matches; we then went further into the warehouse, and near the place where the carts are loaded, was a large parcel of drugs packed up, and a lot of account-books in a bag - I went into the counting-house, found the desks broken open, and papers about in a confused state; there was a large book, about eighteen inches long, on the ground - I left the patrol and inspector there, and returned to my beat.
Cross-examined. Q. Where were the drugs? A. At the place where they load - the carts back into that place from the street; I am quite certain this was on Sundaynight - the place was safe at ten o'clock, and at twenty minutes after I found it open.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You cannot tell what had been done before that at the back of the premises, in Garden-court? A. No, I know nothing about the back.


                  BARTHOLOMEW 
                  SCANLAND
               



            . I am a patrol of Castle Baynard-ward. I found Baxter at the premises, which were broken open - I have the skeleton-keys, phosphorus-box, matches, dark lantern, crow-bar, and implements; I saw them on the premises - there were matches burnt; they are gone.


                  JAMES 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am in the employ of Barclay, Tritton and Co. - Ellis and Co. keep cash there; I remember this cheque being presented for payment very early on the Monday morning, the 8th of March, by a lad about eleven years old - he told me who gave it to him; I detained him, took him to Ellis and Co., and gave up the cheque - it is for 41l. 9s., dated the 16th of January; I had observed the lad a few minutes before nine o'clock, standing in the shop, before we began to pay, and he presented it about five minutes after nine.


                  HENRY 
                  KERRIDGE
               



            . I am beadle of Castle Baynardward. I went to Messrs. Ellis' premises on hearing of this robbery; I took charge of the lad from Barnes, and the cheque, which I marked - this is it (looking at it); I waited there till Herdsfield came.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am a marshal's-man. The bag and cheque were brought to me - I went to Peacock's house in Thames-street - I apprehended Peacock in Cobourg-street, Spa-fields, and said, "Peacock, how came you to send your son with this cheque?" (the boy had been brought to his house, and described himself as his son) Peacock said he found it, and did not think there was any harm in it; before that I searched Peacock's premises - his wife was at home, but he was not - I found a skeletonkey and a common key behind a picture; I asked the servant girl to turn her pockets out - she objected to it; I said if she did not I should do it myself - I then turned them out, and found twenty-seven blank keys without wards; I afterwards went to Simpson's house, Reynold's-court, White-street, Moorfields - I found him there, and in his house I found two large skeleton-keys, a common large street door key, and two large blanks - I believe Peacock deals in drugs; he is not a locksmith - Simpson told me he has been an Excise-officer.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever see Peacock deal in drugs? A. No; I saw a quantity of drugs at his house - I took the servant maid in charge; she has been discharged - I never said any thing to Peacock about the keys found on her; he never denied sending the boy with the cheque - his wife directed me where to find him- I had found the keys then.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Had you told his wife you wanted him about this robbery? A. No; Counsel attended before the Lord Mayor, for the servant; Peacock was present at the Mansion-house when the blank keys were produced; the servant was asked to become a witness, and declined; Peacock did not urge her to become a witness.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it not stated to her that her brother was implicated? A. She was asked if she knew where her brother was, and refused to say any thing about it.


                  THOMAS 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am a City officer. I went with my brother to Simpson's, and found three skeletonkeys and one blank in a box; two of them are double keys, with wards at each end.
WILLIAM WHEATLEY. I am in the prosecutors' employ. I saw the premises in Thames-street locked up at eight o'clock on Saturday the 6th of March; I went there again at half-past seven on the 8th, and observed marks where they had got in on the laboratory wall, the chimney and the roof; they had entered from the College-gardens at the back of the premises - the iron chest, the desks, and places were open; the keys of the iron safe were in my desk - I had left 7l. in my desk on Saturday night; that was gone - it was 10s. in copper, three sovereigns, one half-sovereign, and the rest in silver; six bottles of Port and three of Champaigne were drank on the premises, and some had been taken away - there were the remains of bread and meat; none had been left there on Saturday night, nor had any drugs been left at the gateway, which backs into the premises; the articles found there were in different parts of the premises on Saturday night, when I left - I did not leave a lamp burning; we had no picklock-keys or crow-bars - from the appearance of the premises, I think somebody must have entered them who knew them well.
Cross-examined. Q. How many porters have you? A. Four, and an errand-boy.


                  GEORGE 
                  WHITE
               



            . I was a packer in the employ of Mr. Metcalf, a wholesale-druggist, in Old Fish-street. I had known Peacock about three months before the 10th of March; I became acquainted with him by his putting himself in my way several times in the street, and asking me to rob my employers; this was eight or ten times perhaps - he knew who my employers were, because he met me in Old Fish-street; I went into a public-house at the corner of Sermon-lane with a friend - he followed me in, and wished to pay for the liquor; he followed me several times early of a morning - he wished me to steal saffron, scammonia, opium, cochineal, and isinglass, which are the things wholesale druggists deal in; he said he would give me 10s. a lb. for saffron and scammonia, 4s. for cochineal and isinglass, and 8s. for opium - I do not know what these things sell at regularly; I told him I would have nothing at all to do with it - he said if I would bring him a handfull of goods, he did not care what it was, so that it was drugs, he would give me 5l. for it; he said if I would not do any thing myself perhaps I could recommend him men, and he would give me a guinea a head, if I could recommend him any men or bring men into his company that were in the drug employ. On Saturday, the 6th of March, near eight o'clock, I saw him as I came into Great Knight Rider-street; he stopped me - he was alone; there were three other persons in sight, about ten yards from us; Peacock came up to me, and said in a low tone, that he had a job to do - I told him I wanted no job, I was too tired, and was going home; he said,"Down at a house," and pointed down Great Knightrider-street; he said it is a house down there - he pointed towards Ellis' premises, and then said, "If you ever divulge a word I have spoken to you I will take your life; if I am not at large there is plenty of others, for we are one hundred in a gang," he then left me; I saw him join incompany with three others; Tanner and Simpson were two of them - I did not know the other man; I could swear to him if I saw him - Tanner is my brother-in-law; I heard Peacock mention the name of Ellis to the three others - I then saw Simpson take a parcel out of his pocket, which he gave to the unknown person; I then saw him take a parcel out of his hat and give it to the same person - the first parcel I thought was keys by the rattle of them; papers or something dropped on the ground when he gave them out - I did not observe any thing with the second parcel; I then saw the whole four go down Knight Rider-street into College-square - I was not more than fifteen yards from them all the time; when they went through College-square they went into Garden-court - I then saw all four join together at the gate which goes into Doctors' - commons garden.
Q. Had they separated? A. They went one after the other - the gate was fastened; I saw Tanner with his head through the railing of the gate, as if giving directions which way they were to go; he was pointing to the back of Ellis' premises - the gate is solid three feet and a half high, then there are railings to the top wide enough to put an arm through; Tanner then left the other prisoners, and walked quite through the square - I then saw Peacock, Simpson, and the other pass through the gardens belonging to Doctors'-commons; I saw them get over the garden gate - Tanner turned through the archway or court to his right, as if going through College-square; I then saw Peacock, Simpson and the unknown person get on the top of the laboratory wall of the premises, and saw one of the three get from the roof of the laboratory to the roof of the warehouse; in about two minutes after I saw Peacock and another, who I could not distinguish, walk to the door going into the laboratory from the roof - the laboratory door comes on the roof; I then saw two persons enter the premises - Peacock was one; I cannot swear which of the others was with him - I saw nothing more that evening; I saw nobody engaged about it but these four - if there had been others I think I must have seen them; next day,(Sabbath evening, the 7th of March,) between seven and eight o'clock, Tanner came to my lodgings very much intoxicated - I was not at home, but found him there just at nine o'clock when I came home; he had on his working dress, and smelt very strong of wine, and there was a very strong smell of otto of roses about him - I put his head to my nose; when I saw the state of intoxication he was in I pushed him out of the house - I put several questions to him how he got so intoxicated on the Sabbath day, but could get no answer whatever; I saw a bottle on my table with a very little wine in it - I saw him pour out the last of it, which was about one-third of a glass; I had left home about half-past five o'clock that evening, and left no wine there; I turned him out about half-past nine or near ten o'clock - he had his apron on and was in his working dress; he always used to be clean on a Sunday - I gave orders to my wife before he left, to watch where he was going; I saw a glass on my table which was not mine.
Cross-examined. Q. You were quite shocked at seeing him intoxicated on the Sabbath? A. Yes; the first time I ever met him was in the street, close to our warehouse; he spoke to me first; I went that day to a public-house with a friend, and he followed me and asked to pay for the liquor - I did not go with him; my friend's name is Poole - he is not here; we refused to let him pay - that was the first time I ever saw him; I had no conversation with him before that - I refused to let him join our company; I told him I knew nothing about him - we quitted the house first; I left him without further conversation - I met him next, I should think, in about a fortnight - I cannot say to a day; it was in Knight Rider-street - he followed me as I was going along, and put his hand on my shoulder; he wished me to rob my employer, and told me I could make my fortune by four or five times coming out; that was the first thing he said to me - he asked if I could get any thing; those were his words - he knew where I was employed, for he had followed me several times before he spoke to me; he followed me to the corner of the warehouse, in Old Fish-street - I was never at more than one public-house with him, nor in that except once; I have drank while he was in the room, but never with him - when he asked me to rob my employer I told him I did not know him, and did not know any thing about it - that I set too much value by my situation to do any thing of the kind; he then followed me out, saying what a foolish fellow I was - I told him I would have nothing to do with him, and if he followed and spoke to me again I would give him in charge.
Q. Were you ever in Gloucestershire? A. I have been through it - I lived there seven or eight years ago, but have been through it several times since that.
Q. When did you meet the prisoner again - you have spoken of two interviews? A. He met me the same week - he spoke first then, and communicated to me the same as before - I told him I would give him in charge; I did not - I left him; I met him again a few days after, at the top of the steps of St. Ann's, Blackfriars, in the street - he asked if I was not going to do any thing for myself; I told him I would do nothing of the kind and he left - he was not with me a moment; he put himself in my way pretty well every time coming and going, and asked me every time to rob my employers - I always refused - I never gave him in custody; I was at Tetbury, in Gloucestershire - it is a market-town; I do not think hay is sold there - I did not leave there for any thing; I left of my own free will, in 1820 - I was not there in 1823; I have been there once since 1820, to my father's funeral - there was never the least charge made against me there, nor in any part of Gloucestershire; never in my life - I never knocked a constable down there; I was never in custody till I was taken for this - I was never charged with stealing hay in Gloucestershire, nor any where; I lived at Chelsea for about a year and three-quarters, in the employ of Mr. Field, a grocer - I left him of my own accord, because he declined business; the conversation about the price Peacock said he would give me was in Knight Rider-street; he spoke very fast, as fast as he could repeat the words, but I remember the prices he said - I have been in the drug trade a long time; I am not at all mistaken in the prices - I did not tell the Magistrate the prices, nor about his having a gang of one hundred - I never mentioned it before now; I was not asked the question, nor was I to-day - I recollected it all along; I was not taken up on this charge, but on a charge of Metcalf and Co,'s,my employers did not take me up - the officer took me by mistake from there being two Georges; Tanner had been in Messrs. Metcalf's employ in consequence of my being ill - I was in custody for a week, but not on this charge; Metcalf and Co. were robbed the same night I believe - at least on Monday the premises were found robbed; the gentleman sitting by you attended as my attorney in Metcalf's robbery, but not for Ellis' - I swear that before his face; the officer took me by mistake on suspicion of Metcalf's robbery - there being no evidence against me I was discharged; I swear I never was charged with robbing Ellis and Co.; I did not mention about Peacock's offering me a guinea a head till now, or 5l. for a handfull of drugs; he said he would give me 5l. for any thing so that it was a drug - my wife was not before the Magistrate that I am aware of - I have not conversed with her on the evidence I was to give, or that she was to give, not in the least; I said a word or two to her on the Sunday evening when she came back; that is the only time I spoke to her on the subject - we came here together to-day, but did not say a word about what we were coming about; I have been living with her since the 7th of March, but I never spoke a word to her about it since - we both went before the Grand Jury, but I said nothing to her about it; I have been waiting here, but have said nothing to her about it.
Q. Give us the name of the first public-house you were in together? A. I think it is the Fleece - it is at the bottom of Sermon-lane, and I saw him at the King's Arms, at the corner of Earl-street; he was not in company with me, nor did I speak to him there - Tanner married my sister; I was ill, and paid him to do my work at Metcalf's, and he has been there for a morning or two when I could attend to take orders - he was there working for me at the time of this robbery; Mr. Metcalf did not hire him, I did - I went to work on the Monday, and he was there; I had seen him in company with this party, but did not see him go over the wall; he was within two yards of them when the keys rattled in the parcel - I did not at that time know where the back of Ellis' premises were; I could not tell what they were going about - I heard of Ellis' robbery on the Monday morning, but did not go and inform them what I had seen, for I no sooner heard of it than I was taken into custody by Herdsfield; he had been told to take care of George - George was called, I came down, and he took me instead of Tanner; Mr. Wheatley, Mr. Ellis' clerk, had told me of the robbery not a moment before I was taken.
Q. Though you heard them mention the name of Ellis, and saw them go over the roof of the laboratory, do you mean to swear you did not know they were going to commit a robbery? A. I did not know where Ellis' back premises were; I could not tell what they were going about - I did not inform a watchman; I was threatened of my life, and seeing one of the party depart from the others, as he told me there was one hundred in the gang, I did not know but what I might be packed off - that was my only reason; I could not tell what they were going about, seeing them on the roof, and going up against the chimney stacks; I knew it was not right, but could not tell what it was for - I could not tell what house they were going to; I could not tell what they were going about.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. The first time he saw you was at a public-house, he found you did not sit down, but he attempted to join you? A. That is right - I think he told me the price he would give the third time I saw him- I constantly refused his proposal; I met him accident-ally on the 6th of March - he told me he had got a job to do, and pointed down the street; that is all he communicated to me; Mr. Wooller attended as my attorney before the Magistrate - I was not asked any thing before the Magistrate - I was not asked to give evidence; I was told by Mr. Wooller that I had no business to give evidence - he walked with me three times, and told me so; I was then discharged - Mr. Wooller told me I had no occasion to give evidence. I was sure to be discharged; I was going to give evidence at that time - I went immediately to Mr. Ellis, and stated what I knew; I went on the Monday - I was discharged, I think, on the Saturday; I was afterwards brought up as a witness, and my examination began with the transactions of the Sunday; nothing was asked about previous transactions, or my being desired to rob Mr. Metcalf; what I said was read over to me, and I signed it - I never agreed to rob any body, or to be privy to a robbery; I was never before any Justice on a criminal charge, or taken up on one.
MR. ELLIS re-examined. The fair price of scammonia at that time was from 18s. to 20s. a pound, saffron about 33s., opium 20s., isinglass from 11s. 6d. to 18s., and cochineal from 10s. 3d. to 11s. 3d.
Cross-examined. Q. Would any of these drugs come to 5l. for a handfull? A. I have held 5l. worth of scammonia in my hand, but certainly not so much as I could close in my hand; there are many drugs I might take 25l. worth of in my hand - 5l. for a handfull of any drug is certainly a monstrous proposition.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Should you not think such a proposal had something else in view, than obtaining the drugs? A. Certainly I should.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . White was not before the Alderman on suspicion of robbing Mr. Ellis; I apprehended him on my own account, having heard he knew Peacock - I did not know he had any thing to do with it at all; I cannot say he was suspected - I apprehended him, thinking he knew something about the robbery, and told him so, but did not tell him what robbery.
MR. CRESWELL. Q. Had you received instructions to apprehend him? A. Not at all; there had been a robbery the same night or the next, and I thought that through White I might get information.


                  SARAH 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am 
               
                  George 
                  White
               



            's wife. I have known Tanner almost five years - he is my brother-in-law; he has been out of regular employ upwards of two years - I saw him on Sunday evening, the 7th of March, a few minutes before eight o'clock; he came to our house in his working dress, very much intoxicated - (my husband was out); he smelt very beautiful of otto of roses, and he smelt of wine - his wife was in the room; I saw him with as much copper money as he could hold in his hands - he put it into different pockets; he took out a key and a small scent-box, washed inside with gilt, and told his wife it was a strayed key he had picked up in the warehouse; he took a wine-glass out of his pocket, and winked at his wife; he asked if I would take anything to drink - I said No; he said would not I take any wine, as he had got a bottle in preserve - his wife said where could he have a bottle of wine in preserve; he said,"I have got a bottle in preserve at the top of a wall, I will fetch it in five minutes" - I live at No. 9, Printing-house lane, Blackfriars, which is a very little way from Doctors'-commons; he went out for the bottle - I followed him by his wife's request; I followed him to Knight Rider-street, and in the way there he took out a handfull of silver and counted it - I could tell by the jink that there was large money, like half-crowns; I judge so - I saw him go through into College-square, and into Gardencourt - I saw him turn to the right in Garden-court, and then lost sight of him; I did not go out of Knight Rider-street - I returned home, and he returned in a short time, about five minutes, with a bottle of port wine; he drew the cork, took the first glass, and said, "Well, here is to old 
               
                  Jack 
                  Ellis
               



             and Langdon's good health" - I never before saw him in his working dress on the Sabbath-day; he was sick before he took the wine, and afterwards also - what he vomited smelt very much of wine; he nodded to his wife, winked, and said, "It will be all right, it will be all right, and there is another concern going to be done to-night, but where it is I shall not say;" my husband came home about nine o'clock - I told him what I had seen; Tanner and his wife went away - in consequence of what my husband said, I went to Knight Rider-street, where I had seen Tanner go, but observed nothing there; I went down Bennett's-hill into Thames-street, to the sugar-house at the corner of Castle-street; I stood there, and had a clear view of Mr. Ellis premises - while there I observed a man go to Mr. Ellis' cellar-door, make a chirruping noise with his mouth, and knock three times with his hand on the cellar door; the door was then opened to him, and a parcel given out - the cellar door was shut again; he took it down Thames-street - I could not distinguish his features, and do not know his dress; I then went over to the cellar door, gave the same signal, and the cellar door was opened by the prisoner Peacock inside - I said, "Won't you give me a parcel to take away?" he said, "Who is this? who is this?" I said, "It is me, won't you give me one to take away?" and he shut the door in my face; they are two folding doors, which open inwards - I had seen Peacock several times before, and am certain of him; I walked a few yards from the cellar, then saw a man closely pursue me, and run - he ran after me, but did not overtake me; I got into my own house, and shut the door.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you knew Peacock's person perfectly well? A. Yes, I knew his features very well; my husband has pointed him out to me in the street, and told me he was the man that wished him to rob his employers - I did not go before a Magistrate and state this; my husband was in custody one week - my husband was not at home when Tanner drank to Ellis; I have told him of it since - perhaps I have told him ten times; I cannot say how often, but I have told him of it - I may have rerepeated it to him several times; we have several times talked over the subject of this robbery - I walked with him to go before the Grand Jury, and dare say we talked of it, but I cannot say; I have frequently talked about it -I went to him in prison, but could not speak to him in private; I have spoke to him about the robbery many times since - I have not been subpoenaed here; I came of my own accord - I came with my husband, but did not mention a word about the evidence I was to give, nor as we went before the Grand Jury - I have undoubtedly mentioned it to him several times since he left prison; he said he was innocent of robbing Mr. Metcalf, and I have spoken to him about this robbery - it was by his desire I went to watch Ellis' premises; he told me to go round them, for he was afraid there was something going on - when I returned I told him I was fearful of his life, and would not let him go out; I knew his life had been threatened - I did not go to tell Mr. Ellis of this next morning; I told my husband that night that Peacock had been in Ellis' cellar giving a parcel out, and he wanted to go out - I would not let him; he went to his employ in the morning as usual - when I returned from looking at Ellis' premises Tanner and his wife were both gone; I told nobody of what I had seen except my husband - I afterwards mentioned it to others: I cannot say when - I cannot tell why I did not go to Mr. Ellis' while my husband was in custody - I knew the prisoners were in custody, but not on the same account; I knew what Peacock was taken for - I was too much agitated to go and tell Mr. Ellis; I cannot say when I mentioned it - I would not swear a lie for the world; I went and told it voluntarily at last - I do not recollect my husband asking me to go; he might - to the best of my knowledge he did; my husband desired me to say the truth - nothing else; I cannot say whether he desired me to go to tell Mr. Ellis - I let him know I was going; I did not tell Mr. Ellis of it myself, but you are enough to make one say any thing - I cannot say who I mentioned it to after my husband; it was in Blackfriars-road at a house, at the solicitor's; I was taken there by a gentleman - Tanner cannot hear well without a trumpet, unless we shout; I was very much frightened that night, but not so much when I went to the cellar door as when I returned - I was fearful something was wrong, but my husband would not tell me what; I could tell by the jingle of the money that it was large - I was a little further from him than I am now; the street was very quiet, and I could hear.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was there a soul in the street besides your husband and yourself? A. No; my husband had an attorney - he did not advise me to go before the Magistrate: I employed him myself.
Q. Did your husband ever tell you what you were to say, or say you must say this, or you must say so? A. Never; he never told me what to say - Mr. Ellis' clerk took me to the attorney, who took down what I stated; neither of them told me what to say - not a word; I have not the least malice towards the prisoners - nothing has been promised me for giving evidence; I was agitated when I went out and went to the cellar that night, but more so when I saw a man running after me.


                  MARY 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . My husband is a brush-maker - we live at No. 21, Little Carter-lane, Doctors'-commons. On Sunday, the 7th of March, Tanner occupied one room on our second floor - he went out that morning, and never returned while we were up; we went to bed about half-past ten o'clock.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not go to any place of worship that day? A. No, I was at home all day - I didnot see him go out in the morning, but am positive he and his wife were out, and the door was locked all day; I heard them both go out - I heard them going down stairs, and heard them take the key out of their door.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What room were you in? A. The first floor, and they on the second - I heard their door shut and locked, and heard them go out.
COURT. Q. Have you any other lodger? A. No -Tanner had a key of the street door, and could let himself in after we went to bed.
Peacock's Defence (written). I have witnesses to prove I was not in the neighbourhood at the time, and under circumstances which render it impossible for me to be a party, as White wishes you to believe - the robbery was committed on Saturday night, between seven and eight o'clock; I can prove I was at a public-house, went home, and remained at home all night - the robbery was not discovered till Sunday night; I can prove I was at home all that evening too, and nobody pretends to have seen me about the premises on Sunday, except White, who is utterly uncorroborated - it is true I had the cheque in my possession, and gave it to my son to get paid, which was wrong; but I was in pecuniary difficulties, and had an execution in my house for King's taxes - my furniture was about to be sold; when I found the cheque by St. Bennett's church the temptation was too great to resist; I gave it to my son, which I admitted at once, and when I heard he was in custody I gave myself up without hesitation - it is not likely, if concerned in the robbery, I should have sent my son with the cheque.
Simpson's Defence. I content myself with declaring my perfect innocence; as to White, I declare solemnly I never saw him till the Tuesday we were under examination, when he was one of the accused; I trust you will pause before you return a verdict to banish me from this country, and leave a wife and six children destitute.


                  HENRY 
                  JAGO
               



            . I am Mr. Whitehead's (the broker) assistant, and live in Philip-lane, London-wall. In March last I was in possession at Peacock's house for, I think, eighteen days - I had my meals with the family; he tead with with me on Saturday evening. the 6th of March - it was from six to eight o'clock; I will not say within half an hour - his wife was with him, and I smoked a pipe; he went out after tea - that might be about eight or nine - I will not say within an hour; he came home about ten or eleven o'clock - I saw him go to his bed-room; I sat up in a chair in the middle room, which he must go through - I saw him, I think, from six to eight in the morning; I saw him on Sunday evening about dusk, I suppose between six and seven o'clock; he went out again, and came home I suppose about eleven or twelve, and went to bed.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. When you say you drank tea from six to eight o'clock, do you mean that you were two hours at tea, or that some time between those hours you were at tea? A. We went to tea about dusk - he was at the table for a good hour; I think we had a candle when we began tea, but I will not say; we were in a first floor room in Thames-street - here is my distress-warrant: there are two warrants - I was in possession six days on the first warrant; we had a consent not to distrain from day to day - he was to pay the expenses, and let the warrant stand; he signs his name to the consent - my master has got that; there were two or three consents - I did not go out before I received the second warrant; they were both for King's taxes; here is the stamped inventory - it is not a list of goods, but it is stamped; the list of goods on the premises is with the consent - this stamped paper is the condemnation.
The warrants were here read; one was for 5l. 11s. 4 1/2d. taxes, due at Michaclmas, dated the 19th of February; the other dated the 8th of March, for 2l. 15s. 8 1/4d.


                  HENRY 
                  JAGO
               



            . I charge 2s. 6d. a day for remaining in possession from the 19th of February to the 18th of March, when the second warrant came; I received the money by distraining - there were sufficient goods on the premises; I think it is dusk in Thames-street from six to half-past six o'clock, on the 6th of March, and for a full hour after that I am sure the prisoner was there - after that I do not know what became of him, till he came in again, about ten or eleven o'clock in the morning - I saw him again on Sunday evening, about seven or eight; it might be six, I will not say: perhaps it was five - and about half-past eight, on Monday morning, he had a cup of tea with me; about seven or eight, or half-past - I did not see him send his boy to the bankers, or hear any thing of his having picked up a cheque - I saw him send his boy out to school, about half-past eight or nine o'clock; the officer brought him back about ten - I cannot recollect whether any body came to tea on Saturday; I saw no skeleton keys about the premises.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When you are in possession, people seldom entertain much company? A. No; I could have taken the goods away at any time.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OWERS
               



            . I have the management of the Sun and Last public-house, Newgate-market; I have known Peacock nine years. I saw him at our house on Saturday evening the 6th of March - he came after eight o'clock; I served him with a glass of gin; I do not know when he left.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How much after eight o'clock was it? A. Not exceeding half an hour - I know it was after eight; it might be half-past eight when I served him- I remember it, because the book binders always come in every Saturday; I have no particular reason for saying it was on the 6th of March, further than applying to Mr. Harmer to know what I was subpoenaed for; I know it was the 6th of March from my subpoenae - the person, who subpoenaed me, mentioned the 6th of March, and I know it by going to the Times newspaper, which I had.
COURT. Q. The Times did not tell you when you served a man with gin? A. I looked about to see when he was taken before the Lord Mayor - I cannot recollect when he was before the Lord Mayor, but I served him with a glass of gin on the 6th of March, and served him another on Sunday morning, between eight and nine o'clock - I am quite positive I served him between eight and nine on Sunday morning, with a glass of gin: and, between seven and eight on the Monday morning, I served him with a glass of beer; he said nothing of having found a cheque - his little boy was not with him; I can run from my house to Doctors' - commons in three minutes.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. On the Saturday night did he appear to have been running? A. No; it might be more or less than half-past eight o'clock that night when I served him - he lives about a quarter of a mile from me; Jones was in my tap-room.


                  JOSEPH 
                  JONES
               



            . I generally attend at Ower's to servethe customers in the tap-room - I saw Peacock there on Saturday, the 6th of March, from eight till ten, very near; my master or mistress served him with the gin - my business is in the tap-room.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Will you swear he was at your house as early as eight o'clock? A. Yes - I cannot exactly say, because we have no clock in the house; I will swear he was there at half-past eight - I go from eight to ten o'clock; I will swear he was there earlier than half-past eight - a few minutes before I am certain; I will swear to five minutes - I heard the quarters of the clock in Newgate-market strike; I swear that before the clock climed a quarter-past eight he was in the house.
Q. Why then did you say you would not swear he was there more than five minutes before the half-hour? A. I am certain he was in the house smoking his pipe before the chimes went a quarter-past eight o'clock, but you bother me so - I was a good deal engaged; the house was pretty full; I cannot tell at what time other customers came, but he was in the habit of using the house - the book binders come about half-past seven and stop till near twelve o'clock; the prisoner dropped in at all times - I remember it was the 6th of March, as I had made an appointment with three or four friends to go and hear Crawley preach in Newgate-market on the Sunday morning, that makes me recollect it so well; I left about half-past six o'clock in the morning, to hear Crawley hold forth, and when I came back about half-past eight, I saw Peacock, and I saw him on Monday morning at eight exactly, taking a glass of porter - I did not see his son; he said nothing about finding a cheque.
COURT. Q. At what time did he leave your house on Saturday night? A. Just before the hour of ten, for I heard the chimes go - I swear that a few minutes before ten he left the house, because I heard the chimes so plain; the clock is very near.
Q. The chimes go every quarter, what enabled you to mark the time he left? A. He is a person I am particularly acquainted with, and he wishes me good evening when he goes, and he never stays out late - I heard the chimes strike some few minutes before ten; I heard the chimes first, and then the clock struck ten - he left a few minutes before ten; I cannot say whether I heard it strike nine - there was a good deal of company from seven to twelve o'clock; I was serving them - I was standing against the front window when I heard the clock - I was taking some porter to the bookbinders at the window; the later it gets I am the more bothered with customers, because they want more drink, but I am convinced I saw him there just before ten o'clock, smoking his pipe in the bar, about half-past nine or thereabout, when I went backwards and forwards to the bar - a great many people stand in front of the bar; you are obliged to pass through them; the clock is about forty yards from the house.


                  ALICE 
                  HILL
               



            . I lodge at Peacock's house. I saw him at his house the evening before he was taken up - I think it was about nine or from that to ten o'clock; I cannot say to half an hour or an hour - I was lighting my husband up stairs, and I saw him come in.
JURY to GEORGE WHITE. Q. Tanner had been working with you on Saturday, do you know whether he had been handling otto of roses? A. Not on our premises he had not - it is not customary to pay the men in halfpence.
PEACOCK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.
SIMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            , Aged 33.
TANNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.






               Transported for Life
            .
