





1555. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     JORDAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of June
, 2 pairs of shoes, value 9s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Whitehead
                  




               
            .
CHARLES WHITEHEAD. On the morning of the 6th of June I went up stairs, and saw the prisoner opposite my shop; I did not like his appearance - the same evening I saw him coming out of a pawnbroker's; I saw him afterwards again near my house - I went and spoke to him; my boy came into the shop at the time, and he told me he had had the shoes of him.


                  EDWARD 
                  BURGESS
               



            . I am errand-boy to the prosecutor - I have known the prisoner two months; I met him on the Tuesday night; he asked me to let him have a pair of shoes, and said he would be always giving me money - he gave me 6d. and a box for the first pair - he came a second time, and then gave me 5d. not to say any thing to my master; he then came again, and wanted two pairs - I said I would not let him have them, because my master was in the kitchen; I let him have two pairs of shoes at two different times - these are the shoes.


                  JOB 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I received one pair of shoes of the prisoner on the 6th of June.


                  JAMES 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have one pair of shoes.


                  JOHN 
                  CONNOR
               



             (Police-constable G 51). I took the prisoner - I found the box and money on Burgess.
Prisoner's Defence. I was playing near my own door, and Burgess asked me to pawn a pair of shoes, and said he would give me half the money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
