






OLD COURT. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
724. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     HUGHES
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Low
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. JAMES LOW. I am a wholesale stationer
, and live in Gracechurch-street. I was in Parliament-street


 on Wednesday afternoon; a young man ran after me, and asked if I had lost any thing - I immediately missed my handkerchief and an orange; I did not feel it taken - he ran after the prisoners, and with the assistance of the Policeman brought them back: one of them had my handkerchief, and the other was sucking the orange.


                  SIMPSON 
                  SWENDELL
               



            . I was going along Parliament-street, and saw the prisoners walking close behind the prosecutor; I saw Hughes take the handkerchief from Mr. Low's pocket, then cross the road, and go down Charles-street - the other prisoner then crossed; I stopped and asked Mr. Low if he had lost a handkerchief, I then crossed, saw a Policeman, and sent him round one way - I went round the other; I got to the prisoners before him, and secured them - I took the handkerchief from Smith's breast.


                  RICHARD 
                  ARCHER
               



            . I am a Policeman. Swendell's evidence is correct - Hughes had the orange, and Smith the handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
HUGHES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
