




139. 




CAROLINE CUNNINGHAM
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
14th of November, at 

St. Mary, Islington, 4 gowns, value 4l. 10s.; 1 fur boa, value 1l.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 1 shawl, value 1s.; 5 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; 5 aprons, value 2s.; 1 night-gown, value 1s.; and 1 shift, value 2s.; the goods of 



Ruth Allen; and 1 cloak, value 50s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 4s.; and 3 night-caps, value 1s.; the goods of 



William Powell, in the dwelling-house of 



Richard Bonniwell; and 





MARY WIGLEY
 was indicted for

 feloniously receiving 1 fur boa, and 1 shawl, part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen as aforesaid.—2nd COUNT. For receiving them of an evil-disposed person.






RUTH ALLEN
. I am a single woman, and live at No. 27, Sidney-street, Goswell-road. The prisoner Cunningham lived with my sister nearly five months, as servant of all work—on the 14th of November, I missed all the articles stated in the indictment—I have since seen them—the prisoner went out on the 14th, and told me she was going to buy a thimble—she returned in two hours—Mr. Powell lodged in the house—my own things were worth 6l. at least, and Mr. Powell's, 2l. 15s.—I am certain the whole exceeded 5l. in value—the house is in the parish of St. Mary, Islington—Richard Bonniwell rents it—I lodge with him—he is my brother-in-law.





RICHARD BONNIWELL
. I live at No. 27, Sidney-street, and am a modeller. Allen lives in my house—Cunningham was my servant—I recollect her going out on the 14th of November—when she came back, she said she had been looking after this property, which we had missed about two hours before—I went to the station-house and gave them a list of the property lost—and in consequence of information, I went to Wigley's house, in Rawstorne-street—I found her in the upper bed-room there, and the policeman took the crape shawl from the back, or under the bed, in my presence—I afterwards went to Cunningham's father—he represented himself as her father when he came—I afterwards went to a house in Vittoria-street, White-Conduit-fields, and found Cunningham in the back parlour, and all the property in that room, except the boa and shawl—the shawl was found at Wigley's, and the boa was found in pawn—the cloak, stockings,

and other things, I found in Vittoria-street, tied up in two of the aprons—I asked Cunningham where the property was—she said she had not got it—I said, "We know all about it," and then she said it was at Wigley's—the policeman, looking under the bed, took the bundle from there—a person represented to be Cunningham's uncle, was also in the room with her.





FREDERICK MILES
 (police-constable G 14.) On Friday, in consequence of information, I went to Wigley's, in Rawstorne-street, and afterwards to Vittoria-street—I found Cunningham there, and the property under the bed in the room, except two articles—I have them here, and produce them—I have the shawl, found in Wigley's room.





WILLIAM POWELL
. I live at No. 27, Sidney-street. This cloak, four pain of stockings, and three night-caps, belong to me—they are worth 2l. 15s.





JOHN HOWITT
. I am shopman to Mr. Blackburn, of Myddleton-street, Spafields. I have a boa, pawned by Wigley on Friday evening, the 14th of November, for 5s.—she said she pawned it for a person named Cogan—I put both names on the duplicate—she said she had made a dress for the party, who could not pay her, and had given her the boa instead of it—the was a regular customer—she told me not to put her name on the duplicate, but Cogan's—I asked how she came by it, not expecting a poor woman like her to have such a thing—but I thought her story feasible—I should think the boa would fetch 12s. or 14s. second hand.

Wigley. I dealt at his shop a long time, and never did wrong before. Witness. She has always been honest in her dealings with us—I have known her since June, 1831—I think her present misdemeanor was through drink.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Cunningham's Defence. When I knew Mrs. Wigley first, I took her a gown to make—I was in a situation—she persuaded me to leave the situation, and go and lodge with her, and not with my mother—she was in the habit of telling fortunes, and persuaded me to take the things, as I should be a lady—my father and mother have not been near me in prison—I never did wrong before in my life—she has got all my clothes in pawn—a frock and several things—she was at me a long time before I took them.

Wigley's Defence. What she has said is utterly false—I never persuaded her—I never knew her do wrong—she brought me a frock to make, which I did—I did different jobs for her, all of which, I am confident, was her own property—she never before brought any thing to my place but her own—as to my persuading her to take the things, it is false—she brought a bundle to my house, and said it belonged to a young friend just leaving a situation, and she would call for it on Wednesday—I unfortunately pawned the boa, but I declare before my Maker, I did not know it was stolen.





RICHARD BONNIWELL

re-examined. When I took Cunningham into my service she was friendless—her parents are very poor, but strictly honest—she conducted herself with propriety till within two months, when she got into company, which has been the cause of this.





FREDERICK MILES

re-examined. I found the shawl at Wigley's, at the back of the head-board of the bedstead, quite concealed—she said, "Oh, my God, I did not know it was there"—she said so before I charged her with any thing.

CUNNINGHAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Life.—Recommended to mercy, believing her to have been seduced by others.

WIGLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
