



1502. 




WILLIAM HEATH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of April, 1 purse, value 6d., 2 rings, value 6d., and 5 sovereigns, the goods and monies of 



Hannah Harragan, from her person.


MR. HORRY
conducted the Prosecution.






HANNAH HARRAOAN
. On Sunday night, the 28th of April, I was coming from Bristol to London—I was at Colnbrook, in Bucks—I saw a cart with 2 dead horses—the prisoner drove it—I rode a few miles in his cart—I felt his hand about me two or three times, and told him not to take any liberties with me—I afterwards got out of the cart, when I got to the night-house, not liking his company—I went into the public-house, and he went in too—we had a drop of beer, which he changed a sovereign to pay for—before that lie had said, "I have no money; will you give me money to pay the 'pike?'"—I did not get into his cart afterwards—I went along the road, and got a cup of coffee of a woman at a stall—I then missed my money, and could not pay for it—I went back to find the prisoner—I had not been into any house after leaving him—I told Patrick Welch, who was with me, of it—when 1 got back to the night-house, the prisoner was gone—this ring was on my purse at the time—(looking at one)—but this purse is not mine—I lost 5 sovereigns in my pocket and 1s.—it was a red purse with 2 rings—the prisoner sat on my left side in the cart, and three times I told him to leave his hands off me, and not take liberties—I left him about half-past twelve—I had rode in the cart about eight miles, I think—he paid for the beer, because he did not want me to feel for my money.

Prisoner. Q. How far did you go before you missed your money? A. I showed the officer the two houses between which you robbed me—you wanted to give me brandy, but I would not drink any thing but beer—when you wanted to pay for the turnpike, you said you had no money, and my friend gave you 5d.—you afterwards changed a sovereign, and said, "This is my master's money."


Prisoner. Q. How far did you go with your friend before you missed your money? A. Not a long way—I wanted a cup of coffee, and met a woman in the street—it was above two hours after I left your cart that I missed my money—my friend walked in the street, and I on the pavement.





WILLIAM THOMPSON
. I am a horse patrol belonging to Harlington—The prosecutrix came to me, and complained of the robbery—I went to Maidenhead, and apprehended the prisoner, on Tuesday, the 30th of April—I searched him, and found a ring loose in his pocket, 2 sovereigns, 17s. 11d., and a silver watch—the prosecutrix identified the ring directly in his presence—the prisoner at first denied any person having Hidden with him—he afterwards owned it—he said he had bought the watch in Cow-lane for 1l. 2s. on the Monday—the robbery was on Sunday evening—the prosecutrix had given me information at half-past seven o'clock on Monday evening, when I was on the road at Harlington Corner, on the Bath-road, about three miles from Hounslow—she had no money at all—I was obliged to advance her money, and put her in a lodging till I could apprehend the prisoner.

COURT. Q. Did you confront the prisoner and prosecutrix together? A. Yes—she pointed him out as the man she rode with, and she would have fought him in the house, if I had permitted it.





JOHN JOBSON
. I am a constable—I accompanied Thompson to Maiden-head—I corroborate his statement.





PATRICK WELCH
. I was with the prosecutrix at Colnbrook, accompanying her to town—the prisoner's cart came up, and we got into it—I travelled part of the way, and then got out—we did not stop at any public-house till we came to the night-house—the prisoner there said he could not come on for a while, and we left him—he had changed a sovereign here, and before that he had no money to pay the turnpike, and I gave him 5d.—we left him at the night-house, and came on for about two hours—the prosecutrix then wanted some coffee, and missed her purse and money—the prisoner had seen her sovereigns at the first night-house we came to, where we bad some bread and cheese—she drew a sovereign out to pay 44., but I would not let her, and paid out of some silver which I had—I did not hear her complain of his touching her, but I had got out and walked by the side of the cart some distance.





HANNAH HARRAGAN

re-examined. I am quite clear this is the slide of my purse.




GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Year.
