





1844. 



HENRY NEALE
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
8th of July, 12oz. of silk, value 25s., the goods of 



Henry Farbridge; and 





WILLIAM SMITH
 and 



ELIZA OATES



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statute.—2nd COUNT, for receiving of a certain evil—disposed person.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZA FARBRIDGE
. I am daughter to Henry Farbridge, of Maper-street, Bethnal—green. He is a silk braid manufacturer—Neale was in his employ sixteen months, to tag laces—John Butcher had beeen in his employ

about ten months—we missed silk on the 8th of July—we had been winding some about twelve o'clock on that day—I took 41bs. up to the top of the house to wind—no one was there then—I went to dinner just after—I returned just before two o'clock, and found the silk in a different state to what I left it—I took it down and weighed it; was twelve ounces short—there were five bundles—I had counted three that contained six knots each; on my return I found only five—the value was about 25s.—there was gold—colour, maize, and lavender, and two others which I cannot recollect.





JOHN BUTCHER
. I am nephew of Henry Hoare, of Deal-street, Pelham-street, Mile End New Town, he is a sugar—baker—I have been three times in the service of Mr. Farbridge; about twelve months in all—I know Neale, and remember the morning when some silk was missing—I saw Neale at half—past twelve o'clock—I went home to dinner; Neale did not go with me—I met him on my return, in Church-street, Bethnal-green, about half—past one o'clock—Neale said before we parted to go to dinner, "Is there any silk going up?"—I said, "Yes;" I had seen Miss Farbridge come down with an empty basket—when I got back, we both went up atairs to the top shop—I took three knots, and he took two knots off the bundles—we put them into our pockets—I did not say any thing—he knew where I was going—we went to Smith's house—I do not know the name of the place; it was down one of the turnings in Rosemary-lane—up a street, and then down an archway—I left him outside—he gave his two knots of silk to me—I took them up to Smith, in the front room, first floor—I saw Oates there—I gave the silk to her and asked her if Bill was at home—she chucked it on the bed, and called, "Bill" out of the back window—Bill was the prisoner Smith—he came up, took the silk off the bed, and asked me how much I wanted—I said, "I cannot tell"—he said, "I cannot be buyer and seller too"—he said, "I will give you 2s—I said, "If that is all the silk was worth, give it me"—he said, "Keep your own counsel"—as I went down stairs he gave me 2s—he said no more—I went down stairs and saw Neale; I gave him 6d—I told him that Smith had given me 1s. for it—I returned at a quarter past two—my master afterwards come up stairs, and searched our jackets, and said he did not think we were such rogues—I said, "No, Sir"—there was another young man, (Charles Mitchell)—I saw coat taken out—the following day my master called me and Neale down, and asked if we had any thing to do with it—we told him no; and Neale said he took me up stairs to see Greenwich—hill—he believed it was us as much as he did Mitchell—we had agreed to say so—I went to work next morning—Neale was called down, and then I was called; and told my master—my master said he would give a guinea to any one who would tell him, and let him go—he sent for a policeman—I went and showed where Smith lived—I went up first, but the policemen missed the door—I went and stood between Smith and Eliza Oates; they said, "Have you left your place?"—I said, "Yes"—they said, "You fool, what made you leave your place? they could not prove any thing against you"—a man then came runing up stairs, and said to Smith, "Here are two crushers"—Smith then put me into a room above—I looked out of the window, and saw both the policemen below—Smith opened the door, and said, "Have you come it?" I said, "Come what?"—he said, "Have you told? Sweat you have not"—I said, "Let me go by"—I went down and got away through a coal—shed; a woman let me go by—I went to Red Lion-street, and then

to my master's—I was then taken in custody to the office—the prisoners were brought in, and smith said to me in the passage, "You say you cannot swear to me, and we shall ali get off"—I said, "I do not know"—he said, "Be sure"—he said he would give me two half-sovereigns if I would say I could not swear to him; and he would give me a suit of clothes, and keep me like a gentleman, and get me a counsellor, if I was taken—he patted me on the cheek—he said he had said it would be the best way for me to say I could not swear to him—I saw him speak to a policeman.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you not here entirely against your will? A. Yes; I quite forget whether I told the Magistrate that I saw Miss Farbridge take upsome bilk—I did not say, "We will go to Smith's"—I intended to give the other boy 6d.—I do not know whether that was the reason I said I had got 1s.—when Charles Mitchell was in custody, that was more the reason that I told than anything else, to save the young man's character; besides my master had used me well, and had taken me in when I was in distress—I told my master, because I was sorry I had robbed him—I do not remember whether I told the Magistrate. I said went up to see Greenwich-hill—it was not for the sake of the sovereign that I told my master—I do not want it—I would have it if it was offered me—I never did anything wrong when I first went into master's employment; before that a boy took a hat gave it to me, and I was caught and fully committed at Hick's Hall.—I was put into the House of correction a day and a half, after I came out of Hick's Hall—I stayed there three months—I had slept out all night in Bishop Bonner's-fields—that was before I went to the house of correction at all—I know I stole four odd pattens—I have been in a pawnbroker's shop with my mother's things, but not without her knowledge; I did not remember that I have—a boy stole the pattens in Charles-street, Bethnal-green, and gave them to me to take to Brick-lane, and they caught me—I cannot recollect how much I was get—I believe I was promised something.





CHARLES MITCHELL
. I was in the service of Mr. Farbridge, On the 8th of July, I saw the prisoner Neale and the last witness; they came up at half-past one o'clock—I heard them go down five minutes afterwards—I did not see them go out; I was taken into custody on suspection.





WILLIAM WHITE
. I lived in Mapes-street, Bethnal-green. On Saturday, the 11th of July, I came to the office in Worship-street—I was in the passage, I saw smith and Oates, and the two boys there.—I asked smith if he could tell me what was the matter—he said, the little b----rs had robbed their master of silk, about three-quarters of a pound—I asked if he had it—he said "No, I took care of that, and now I want the little b----rs to swear I am not the person"—I saw the Policeman Cordell the next morning, I told him what I have stated now.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you never say that he said he would give them any thing? Yes, he did; if they would swear he was not the person—nobody was present.





BENJAMIN CORDELL
 (police-constable R 78.) On Saturday, the 11th of July, I went with my brother offider to a court in Rosemary-lane—Butcher went up a passage, but I did not see the door he went in—after sometime, I went up; I saw the female prisoner Oates in the passage—I took her into custody—afterwards I saw Smith in pigeon-trap—I had Oates, and my partner had Smith—they asked what we took them for; I told them; they made no answer—the next morning I saw Mr. White—I met

him in Mapes-street, and he told me what he has said here—I know Mr. Broughton's handwriting, this is his writing to this desposition—he signed it in my presence—Neale was asked if he had anything to say—nothing was signed before it was read over to all parties.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it all read over; the whole thing together? A. No; seperately, one at a time, to the witnesses—we all went up one at a time.

Neal's Defence. What Butcher has stated is false.
(Thomas Gower, Druggist, Cornelius Miller Hawke, and George Mears, gave smith a good character.)

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

NEALE—


NOT GUILTY
.

OATES—


NOT GUILTY
.
