



65. 




GEORGE BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of November, at 
St. Giles-in-the-fields, 1 watch, value 5l.; 1 watch-guard, value 10s.; 1 belt, value 4s.; and 56 sovereigns; the property of 



William Benn, in the dwelling-house of 



Ann Robinson.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution,





WILLIAM BENN
. I came from America to England—the prisoner came with me—I knew him in America for about twelve months—I came here to buy carpenters' tools—the prisoner knew that, as we verbally agreed together to come over to England, and go to Sheffield, but he was to come first to London, and get money from his friends to boy tools—he knew I had money—my money was to be employed in purchasing tools, and we were to return to America. and open a shop as partners, to sell the tools—I had sixty-one sovereigns, and two or three dollars—I had a watch—the guard to it was not mine—the prisoner had it from a friend of mine, and gave it to me to put on my watch—we came from New Orleans to Havre de Grace—I kept my sovereigns in a belt which I bought at New Orleans—I kept my money in the belt round my waist, inside my clothes—the prisoner knew that—I worked my passage to England as carpenter, to save the expense—the prisoner paid his passage—after wearing the belt some time, I found it inconvenient on board ship, and gave it to the prisoner—he took care of it in his box for me for about six or seven weeks—wit was restored to me before we landed—I arrived at Southampton a week ago last Tuesday morning, came to London the same day, and went to lodge at Mrs. Robinson's, No. 22, Little St. Andrew's-street, Seven-dials, the following night—my money was then safe, and in my care—the prisoner and I occupied the same bed—on Sunday, the 24th of November, when I went to bed, I put my watch and belt, with the money, under the pillow on which I slept—I had counted the money about the middle of the week—there were then fifty-six sovereigns, and I had not taken any from

it—I was awoke a little before one o'clock in the morning—the prisoner was by my side in bed at that time, and said he had to get up to go to the back door—he got up, and did not return—I did not hear my watch ticking, and felt for it, and could not feel it, nor the money—I got up, lighted a candle, searched the bed, and my watch, belt, and money were gone—I did not get up till eight o'clock—I then went in search of a coach-office in Fetter-lane, where I had been with him on the Saturday, I believe, but I did not know the name, nor did I know my way about London at all—I come from Cumberland—I found my way to the coach-office—I believe it was the White Horse—I there found the prisoner standing, and a waiter brushing his clothes—I was not willing to expose him before the waiter, and did not speak—he made signs for me to go away, but I did not—the prisoner went through the lobby of the hotel very quickly—I pursued after him, and said "Hill, you have done me wrong in taking my money"—(I always knew him as Hill)—he said he had, and was very sorry for it—there were a great many people about, and much noise—he said" We will go into I a tavern, and have it settled"—I was going into the parlour, expecting he was following me, but when I turned round he was gone—that tavern is I opposite the other—I went out and saw him running—I pursued after him I—he turned a corner—some men were a little a-head—I called out "Stop that fellow" and then he stopped—he said "It is no use making so much fuss about the money" that I should get it again—I asked him for my watch, and he gave it to me—I told him I had no desire to hurt him in the least—he said I could not hurt him, I could not swear to sovereigns—he offered, if I would let him have 5l., he would return me the remainder of it, and half of his clothes—he had better clothes on at that time than I had, but I believe he had not a better stock—he said a friend bad one part of the money, and he would go and get it for me—he took me to a hair-dresser's shop, in Whitcombe-street, I believe—when we got there, he went in, and stopped a very short time—he said his friend was not in, and he could not get the money—we walked some distance, and went and had a pint of beer at a tavern—he then said he wanted to go outside—he came outside—I did not come out with him, but did very soon after, and I discovered that he was running along the street—I followed him into the Haymarket—he got into a cab, the door of which was standing open, and the driver alongside—he ordered him to go off immediately—I said he should not go, and after some hesitation, he came out of the cab, and said he would go to his friend again—we returned to Whitcombe-street—he went into the hair-dresser's shop—I remained outside about five minutes—he came out once, and wanted me to come in, and sit down—I refused—he went back again, and remained about ten minutes—I had seen a boy go by, and told him to send a policeman—the prisoner came out with another person, and came to a tavern—he said his friend was in that tavern, which was ten or twelve yards from Whitcombe-street—he said if I would wait, he I would go in for his friend, but I followed him in—he came out very shortly 1—a policeman was there, and gave him in charge—the policeman found on him fifty-two sovereigns and 4s


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long had you been in Ame-rica? A. About two years—I have worked at Liverpool two years and a half—I have been twice to America—I was never in London before—I did not show any body the fifty-six sovereigns, besides the prisoner—when he was taken he said the money was his own—he was standing in

Whitcombe-street when the policeman came up—I was talking to him, and gave him in charge.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was the money all your own, or had you borrowed part of it? A. I had borrowed about two-hundred dollars, which is about 48l.—the prisoner knew that—when I got to London with him he said his friends were at Cambridge—I never saw any of his friends nor any money—I asked him on Sunday how much money he had, and he said 2s. and 2d. or 3d.





WILLIAM KENT
 (police-constable C 162.) About a quarter after one o'clock last Monday morning I received charge of the prisoner from the prosecutor, for having stolen 56 sovereigns and a silver watch from him—he produced the watch to me, and said it had been given back by the prisoner—I searched the prisoner at the station-house, and found on him 52 sovereigns, 4s., and a silver watch—the sovereigns were in his trowsers pockets, loose—I also found a leather case on him—he declined saying any thing before the Magistrate.

Cross-examined. Q. Was he not advised by a professional person there not to say any thing? A. He was—he did not say the money was his when I took him—he did at the station-house the moment the money was found—Ann Robinson's lodging-house is in the parish of St. Giles-in-theFields.





WILLIAM BENN

re-examined I was robbed atone o'clock in the morning, and laid in bed till eight—I was a stranger in London, and did not know where to go to, and night was a very bad time to go to look after him—I sold my tool chest and tools in Havre, for twenty dollars, as it was so heavy and too much trouble to travel with—I left the ship there—I came here to purchase tools to sell for profit at the southern part of America. as there are no tools manufactured there—I meant to buy tools of the same description as those I sold, but mine were out of repair—they would have been worth 30l. if new.




GUILTY
.—Aged 22. 


Transported for Ten Years.
