





1703. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILLIS
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 27th of June
, 1 glazed window-sash, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Wheeler
                  




               
            .


                  PAUL 
                  PLANT
               



             (Police-constable G 156). On the 27th of June, at five o'clock in the morning, I was in Ball-alley, Goswell-street


; I had had information that some sashes had been taken from there - I heard somebody say, "Get down, or some one will see you;" I spoke to my brother officer, and he went round another way - I went down the alley, and found a door ajar; I pushed it, and it opened(it had been fast before that) - I went in, and saw the prisoner in the parlour, and another person in the corner; I challenged the prisoner, and asked what he did there - he said, after some time, that he had been on a drunken spree; I said I thought some other business had brought him there - I went to the door, but could not get assistance; the prisoner came to the door, and said he was a young man like myself, and if I would let him go, I should not find him there again - I waited till a man sent the watchman to me; I told him to go into the house with the prisoner - I heard a noise, and went in - I saw the watchman on the floor, and the prisoner making a blow at him; he then got out - I pursued him, got assistance, and secured him; I found this bar in the corner, where I had seen the other man stoop down.


                  JOHN 
                  EASTOFF
               



             (Police-constable G 189). I went to the house, and found this knife on the window-seat; this sash had been taken out, and stood there.


                  SARAH 
                  SPRAGUE
               



            . This house was empty; it belonged to Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Wheeler
               



             - I had been in it the day before, and it was all safe.
Prisoner's Defence. I sat down on the door side, and being tipsy, I got into the house, but did not take any thing away, nor see it, till I was at the office.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
