




2023. 




WILLIAM BEDFORD
 and 




JOHN SMITH
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
24th of June, 2 carriage glasses, value 2l. 10s., the goods of 



John Gapp.






ALFRED GAPP
. I live with my father, John Gapp, a livery-stable keeper, in Duke-street, Manchester-square. On Sunday, the 24th of June, I lost some glasses from a landau in our yard—we lost two pairs of cabriole lamps the same night.





JOHN GRIFFITHS
 (police-constable D 146.) I met the prisoners in Manchester-street, Manchester-square, at a quarter before three o'clock in the morning of the 24th of June—each had one of these glasses under his arm—I asked them where they brought them from—Bedford said, "From Mr. Peter's, North-road"—I asked where he was going to take them to—(I was speaking to Bedford the whole of the time)—he said, "To Earl-street, to be lined"—I said it was rather a curious time in the morning to send carriage glasses to be lined, that I was not satisfied with what he said, and took them to the station-house—on the road there Bedford said that he had brought them from Mount-street, that a coachman had given them 1s. each to take them from there to Earl-street, Lisson-grove—Smith was near enough to hear what was said.

Bedford. I did not say they were going to be lined, only to have something put to one of the glasses, and the lining to be mended—I brought them from Mount-street—a coachman gave us 1s. a piece to get them done, and

said we were to take them to Mr. Shrubb, in the North-road, and bring them back to him at nine o'clock—we had seen the man before at a public-house.





ALFRED GAPP

re-examined. I know these glasses to be my father's—they match the landau—they have been tried since, and exactly fit—the landau stood on a ride, under a covering, up the yard—there is a gate-way up the yard.

Bedford. I have been in the habit of going by there for the last two years to work at Mr. Gray's—the gates are always open, and men and women are in the habit of coming out at all hours. Witness. They are not left open—they can be pushed open—I never saw the prisoners before.

Smiths Defence. The coachman who gave us the glasses had a bundle likewise in his hand—he appeared a little in liquor—he said he had been out all night with his carriage—he called Bedford by his name, and asked him if he knew of any coachmaker to repair these, and he gave us 1s. each to take them to Mr. Shrubb's, at the corner of the North-road.

BEDFORD—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.

SMITH*—


GUILTY
. Aged 53.




Transported for Seven Years.
