





754. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of March
, 59 yards of silk, value 9l. 5s., and 1 wooden roller, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Remington 
                           Mills
                        




                     
                   and another, his masters, in their dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENMAN
               



            . I am an officer of Cripplegate. On Monday evening, the 22nd of March, about ten minutes to eight o'clock, I was standing in Milk-street, near the prosecutors' house - I heard a door shut, and the prisoner immediately ran by me very fast, with a bundle under his arm - it excited my suspicion; I followed him to Maidenlane, and there stopped him - he had this bundle under his arm; I asked him what was in it - he answered, Nothing; I said, "Yes, you have something there - where are you going with it?" - he said to his mother's; I asked where he brought it from; he said from 
               
                  Remington 
                  Mills
               



            , in Milk-street


 - I told him I knew Messrs. Mills' house very well, and asked if it was silk; he said it was, that he was going to take it home to his mother's to show his sister, that she might choose a new gown from it, and when she had done so he meant to return it again - I then took him to the watch-house, and found it was a roll of silk measuring fifty-nine yards; he then said the gown was not for his sister, but for a young person named Mary Cole, who lived in the same house as his mother - I asked where his mother lived; he said in Pear Tree-court, Clerkenwell - I went to Mr. Mills, but found none of the firm; I took one of the gentlemen of the house to the prisoner's mother, where he had described - I found nothing of the prosecutor's there; a young woman there answered to the name of Cole - I asked if her name was Mary; she said No, her sister's name was Mary; I went to Exmouth-street, and found 
               
                  Mary 
                  Cole
               



             at a friend's house, but she lived at the same house as the prisoner's mother.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. The information as to where Cole lived turned out correct? A. Certainly; I first saw him six or seven houses from his master's - he made no resistance, and did not attempt to conceal the silk.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAW
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  John 
                  Remington Mills
               



            , of Milk-street. The prisoner was never allowed to take silk out to dispose of and afterwards account for it; no such practice is allowed - he had been with us between a month and five weeks; we had his character from Mr. Bew, of Newgate-street - he had lived with him about two years; I am quite sure this silk is ours - the lowest value is 9l. 5s. 6d., according to the present price, which is a depression; we both occupy the house - Mr. Mills does not sleep there, but occupies it, and has a right to sleep there; we pay the rent out of the profits of the trade - he has occasionally slept there.
Cross-examined. Q. How recently? A. Within the last six months - he has a room at his service whenever he likes to sleep there: we had a very satisfactory character with the prisoner - we never allow servants to take out silk to show their friends unless by permission; if he had taken this out and brought it back, we should have objected to cut it for him, if it was taken out without permission - our private mark, in our clerk's hand-writing, is on it.
COURT. Q. Had he ever given you any intimation of his intention to take it out to show? A. Not the least; his wages were from 8l. to twelve guineas a year - silk is never taken out to show to friends by persons in our employ.
JURY to WILLIAM HENMAN. Q. Did you know what circumstances Mary Cole was in? A. No - she had a silk gown on, but she said she knew nothing of this transaction, and never asked him to purchase a silk gown for her; I understand her to work in the brush trade - the prisoner's parents bear a good character, but appeared in indifferent circumstances.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
