





1951. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WOODMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 21st of August
, feloniously did utter, dispose of, and put off, a certain forged request for the delivery of goods, addressed to 
                     
Messrs
. Jones and Brown
                     



                  , stationer
s, No. 4. St. Paul's Church-yard


, with intent to defraud them, he knowing the same to be forged
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
MR. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  GEORGE BROWN
               



            . I live at No. 34, St. Paul's-church-yard, and am in partnership with 
               
                  Morgan 
                  Griffith Jones
               



            ; we are stationers; we had a customer of the name of Butcher, at Tring - on the 21st of August we received a letter bearing the Tring post-mark, and purporting to come from Mr. Butcher; I attended at the office when the prisoner was apprehended - the Magistrate asked him what he had to say; he said, "Your worship, I acknowledge I wrote the letters, and received the goods; I wish to give these gentleman no more trouble than is necessary;" - in consequence of the receipt of the letter, the goods mentioned in it were packed up; the value of the whole was £5. 17s. 2d.; they were packed up in a square brown paper parcel -I directed the parcel for Mr. 
               C. 
            Woodman, by Salmon's Barnet coach, to be left at the office till called for; that was agreeable to the order - I delivered it to Webb to take to the office - the letter came through the General Post delivery - on the 30th of September we received another letter by the twopenny post, which purports to come from 
               
                  Charles 
                  Woodman
               



            ; this is it.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. You received the first letter by post? A. Yes - I do not know that it came into my hands; I found it on the desk - we had dealt with Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Butcher
               



             for some time previous to this; 
               
                  Charles 
                  Woodman
               



             was unknown to me - it was on Friday, the 1st of October, the prisoner acknowledged having written these letters; I think I was the only person in the office besides the officer - I am sure he said it was his own hand-writing; he said, "I acknowledge to have written the letter and received the goods; I wish to give these gentlemen no more trouble than is necessary;" this wasnot taken down - the 

Magistrate's clerk told me the prisoner's confession went for nothing in that case; what I said was taken down.


                  EDWARD 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am porter to Messrs. Brown and Jones. On the 24th of August I took a parcel in the office of the Cross Keys, St. John-street, directed for 
               C. 
            Woodman, Hadley, near Barnet, by Salmon's coach, to be left at Salmon's coach-office till called for.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you been long in the prosecutors' service? A. No; I have not taken out many parcels - I can read a little, but cannot write - here is a book in which this parcel was entered; I had taken some other parcels that day, but this was the last I carried that evening - I cannot tell the address of any other parcel I took that day; I received this parcel from Mr. Brown.


                  JAMES 
                  WILLIAM FOUCH
               



            . I am book-keeper at the Cross Keys, St. John-street. On the evening of the 24th of August I took in the parcel, and delivered it to Mr. Salmon's coachman the next morning - Mr. Salmon, Jun. was the coachman.


                  JOHN 
                  SALMON
               



            . My son took the parcel; I am coach-master of the Barnet coach. On the 25th of August I received the parcel directed for Mr. 
               C. 
            Woodman; I kept it at my house from three to six days - at the end of that time the prisoner came for it, and had it; he asked if I had a parcel for him - I said Yes; I knew his name: he said, "I am come for it;" I said, "I suppose you are hawking;" he said, "Yes, but my uncle is dead, and I must go back to London.


                  THOMAS 
                  BUTCHER
               



            . I am a grocer, and live at Tring. I know the prosecutors, and have dealt with them; I did not write this letter, nor was it written by my order.(The letters were here read.)
Tring, August 20, 1830.
GENTLEMEN, - A relation of mine is opening a shop at Hadley, near Barnet; as he is a new beginner I wish to assist him, you will therefore greatly oblige me by sending the following goods:- one ream of best foolscap, one ditto of common, one ditto of gilt post, one ditto of common post, six dozen parchment-bound ciphering-books, and six dozen marble copy-books, which I will thank you to place to my account till I see you again, which will be in about a fortnight; if I had thought of it, I certainly should have given you the order when I was in town last week, but as this is a private act of mine towards a relation, I will thank you to let the amount stand to me till the above time, when you will see him with me, and he will order what other things he may want; you will oblige me by sending them on Monday at farthest, as below. I am, Gentlemen, your obedient humble servant. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BUTCHER
               



            .
Mr. C. Woodman, Mr. Salmon's Barnet Coach, to be left at the booking-office till called for. Coach from Cross Keys, St. John-street.
To Messrs. Jones and Brown, stationers, St. Paul's church-yard, London.
Hadley, September 30, 1830.
GENTLEMEN, - I thought of being in town before, but have been prevented, owing to a desire on my part to call upon you with Mr. Butcher of Tring, my relation, which we have agreed shall take place one day next week. I have had a great demand for copy-books and paper since I have been here, owing to my having been educated in the neighbourhood; you will oblige me by sending as below, as early as possible, by Salmon's coach from the Cross Keys, St. John-street, Smithfield. I am, Gentlemen, your obedient servant, 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  WOODMAN
               



            .
Two reams of the best foolscap, two ditto of common, two ditto of best post, two ditto of common, six dozen ruled copybooks, as before.
To be left till called for at Salmon's booking-office, Barnet.
To Messrs. Jones and Co., stationers, St. Paul's church-yard, London. 
               
                  Per 
                  Salmon
               



            .



               GUILTY
            . Aged 49. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
There were two other indictments against the prisoner of the same description.
