



1186. 




HENRY DENNY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of April, 3 pairs of boots, value 3l. 10s., the goods of 



William Rigby; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






SUSAN COOPER
. I live at William Rigby's, in Sloane-street, Chelsea. On Thursday, the 3rd of April, the prisoner came to the house, and said he had come for the gentleman's boots to stretch—I asked him, "Whose boots, Mr. William's or master's?" he said the gentleman had called in the morning at their shop—I asked who he came from—he said the gentleman called at their shop in the morning, and he had got a new pair to bring—I asked who he came from—he said from Dudley's—I said, "That is not Mr. Williams's boot-maker; his name is Core"—at last I gave him three pairs of boots belonging to Mr. William Rigby—I am certain he is the person—I have not the least doubt of him.





MARY HATLOCK
. I am servant to the prosecutor. I remember the prisoner coming for the boots—I am certain he is the person—he said he called for the gentleman's boots—my fellow-servant called me to know if I had any orders about boots going to be stretched—I said no, and she told me to go up and fetch them down, which I did, and saw her give them to the prisoner—he said he should bring them back to-morrow morning with a new pair; but he never came—I am sure he is the man.


Prisoner. I have witnesses to prove that I was at their house at the time—I was taken up at half-past four o'clock.





MARY HAYLOCK

re-examined. He came at half-past twelve o'clock in the daytime—I have not the slightest doubt about him.

Witnesses for the Defence.





GEORGE FALSHAW
. I live at No. 1, Collier's-court, Golden-lane. On the 3rd of April the prisoner was at our place from nine o'clock until a quarter to two, and was never outside the place—I was at home that day I work at home—I am a saw-maker—my wife was with me-a young man came while he was there—I really cannot say his name just now—I cannot think of it at this moment—he brought a saw to be sharpened—he came about nine o'clock in the morning, and stopped till dinner time—that was one o'clock and after—he did not come with the prisoner—the prisoner, was there before him—the prisoner was up in my lodger's room—he did not come to me—my lodger's name is Hollingshead—he is not here—he has been here nearly all the day, but could not stop—the prisoner was in his room from nine o'clock till a quarter to two—I was down stairs at work, and nobody could go up and down without my seeing them—I saw him go up at a quarter to two o'clock—Mrs. Hollingshead had borrowed a pair of bellows of us, and the youngman went up for them—he is a painter and glazier by trade, but his name is not familiar to me—at a quarter to two o'clock I saw the prisoner come down—he was going after a situation—I have never been in trouble in my life—I am sure it was on the day this was committed, because he was taken up that day—I heard of that three or four, or five or six days after—I recollect that, because he has never been about the place since—it was on the 3rd, I believe—the 3rd, was on a Tuesday—he had been at our house, backwards and forwards, on and off, for about a fortnight—he was there two or three hours, I believe, on Monday, but I never went up to see how long he staid—I did not make it my business to know what time he came on Monday or saturday.

Q. What made you know about Tuesday? A. Because the young man went up for the bellows, about a quarter past eleven o'clock—he was there then, and I will take my oath he was there till a quarter to two o'clock by Cripplegate church clock—I set it down on a slate a few days after, about Wednesday or Thursday—it is on the slate now—I heard he had been taken up, that was the reason I set it down—I did not hear he was taken up for a few days after—I put it down on the slate, because I expected to see him there the next morning, because he used to be backwards and forwards there—he did not come the next morning—I heard he was taken up two or three days after that—Hollingshead and the people up stairs informed us of it—I cannot tell when he was committed—I did not go to the Magistrate, and tell him, this could not be—I never went any where but here—I am a hard-working man, and cannot spare time to go—I have just been fetched out now from my work—Mrs. Hollingshead told me he was going to be committed—I did not know which way to go about it—I never was before a Magistrate, or before anybody in my life—I put down on the slate "3rd April," the day of the month—just to remark the day of the month—I put down the day of the month for many things, for amusement—nobody but the prisoner's mother recommended me to come here—she asked me to come and speak the truth—I do not consider he is guilty—he cannot commit a crime when he is at another place—he is charged with committing a crime somewhere in Sloane-street—I do not

know at what time, that I will swear—I never heard the hour, he was charged with stealing the shoes—I understood it was for stealing a coalskuttle, or something.





CAROLINE FALSHAW
. I am the wife of the last witness. On the 3rd of April, the prisoner came to my house at nine o'clock, and went up stairs—I saw him go out of the house at a quarter to two o'clock—nothing particular makes me remember the 3rd of April—I recollect that was the day, because I had a child that was dead, and I recollect the day particularly—the child died on that day—a young man was at our house that day, his name is Staples—he did not come with the prisoner—he came to see me—he came about twelve o'clock—the reason I know that young man was up stairs is, my baby was up stairs with the young man, and I went up with the child—the young man stopped till near two o'clock—he did nothing, only talked to me and my husband—I did not have any dinner that day, nor did my husband—the young man did not stop to dine—there was nobody else there—the reason I know the time so exactly is, my little girl goes to school at two o'clock, and I went to see the time, and it was ten minutes to two o'clock—I think Staples went away after the prisoner was gone—he staid all the time, except going up stairs for an article of mine that was up there—when I went into the room at eleven o'clock, the prisoner had my baby in his lap—that was before Staples came—he did not dine there—I do not know whether Hollingshead is any relation to the prisoner—I know it was the 3rd, because my little baby, who is now dead, would have been four years old on that day—my husband did not write down any thing that day on a piece of paper, or a slate—I saw the slate yesterday and to—day—there is no "3rd of April" written on it—I did not look at it particularly, because it has my husband's work upon it.





EDWARD STAPLES
. I am a painter, and live at No. 15, Sidney-street with my father, a painter and glazier. I was at Mr. Falshaw's house—I saw the prisoner there at half-past one o'clock—I went up stairs for the bellows for Mr. Falshaw—I think I was there about half an hour—I came to the house about a quarter after one o'clock, and went out ten minutes to two o'clock—the prisoner was up stairs when I went for the bellows, sitting by the fire doing nothing—I am in the habit of calling on Mr. Falshaw—he is a friend of mine—I did not go on any business particularly—I never was in trouble in my life—I did not stay there above half an hour.





THOMAS BERLEY
. I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
