





1337. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of August
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Russell
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SCHOFIELD
               



            . I live in King's Head-court, Shoreditch


. On the 12th of August, between ten and eleven o'clock, I was opposite Mr. Russell's door; I saw the prisoner go and look at a handkerchief which hung there - he then turned round; then went back, got on the step, unpinned the handkerchief, rolled it up, and was putting it into his bosom - I took him to the shop, and found the handkerchief in his bosom - this is it.
Prisoner. Q. Had I it in my hand? A. Yes, and was putting it into your bosom; when I got him back to the shop, he pulled some money out of his pocket and said, "Here is the money, take for it" - he had got three or four yards from the door when I took him.


                  THOMAS 
                  REEVE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Jacob Russell. This handkerchief is his, and was hanging at his door that morning - it is worth 3s.


                  GEORGE 
                  FEAKLE
               



             (police-constable K 121). I took the prisoner and have the handkerchief - he said he was going to purchase it.
Prisoner's Defence. I came on shore that morning to buy a pair of stockings and a handkerchief for our mate; I looked at this handkerchief, and took it to the door, as there were so many clothes I could not see into the shop - I was holding it up, and this man came and snatched it out of my hand; I asked the price when I went in, and was told 3s. by a thin faced man.


                  THOMAS 
                  REEVE
               



            . We have a thin faced man named Savage, but he was up-stairs at the time - I was in the shop and must have heard if the prisoner had asked the price of the handkerchief - we should have asked 3s. 6d. for it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. 


               Judgment - Respited
            .
