





1134. 
               
                  
                     LAWRENCE 
                     SHANNON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April
, 3 razors, value 3s.; 1 shaving-box, value 4d.; 1 shaving brush, value 2d.; 1 pair of trousers, value 2s.; 1 chain, value 2s.; 1 seal, value 6d.; 1 hair-brush, value 1s.; 1 comb, value 4d.; 1 book, value 6d., and 1 halfpenny
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elijah 
                     Farmer
                  




               
            .


                  ELIJAH 
                  FARMER
               



            . I am a plumber and glazier
 - I lodge in Baker's-row, Mile-end-road


; I have been there four or five years. The prisoner came there about eight days before this happened - I believe he is a slippermaker; I went out between five and six o'clock in the morning, on the 13th of April - I left the prisoner there; he slept in the same room - my box was near the bed; it was locked - when I came home the hinges were nearly off, and I missed the articles stated out of it; the prisoner was then gone - I did not see him again till the 26th, when he was in custody at Worship-street; I have not found any of my property - he had given no notice of leaving; I expected him to come home in the evening.


                  MARY 
                  COBB
               



            . I am mistress of the house - the prosecutor has been with me for years. The prisoner came there on the 1st of April, to lodge by the week - on the 18th he left without notice; about half-past seven o'clock after the prosecutor was gone, I heard him come down and shut the door - he never returned; he took away his night-cap and his property - the prosecutor complained of losing his property; I went the same evening to where the prisoner had told me I might have his address, No. 38, Great Garden-street - as I went up the steps I saw him at the window; I went into the passage - the room door was locked; I saw a young woman, who made a sort of stammor - I said I wanted the prisoner, and it was of no use denying it, for I had seen him; she then went into the back room, and said, "You had better come forward, she has seen you;" he then came forward, and I accused him of it - he denied it; I said, "The young man is at the corner of the street, and you had better go with me to him;" he went with me part of the way, and then ran away - my brother, who was with me, ran after him, but did not like to follow him further; we afterwards heard he was at No. 21, Baker's-row - we sent for him; he was denied, but the officer got him.
Prisoner. You said you would give charge of me. Witness. Yes, I did, and I would if I could have got an officer.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not run - the prosecutor's room door was wide open, and there was free access for any of the lodgers; I had not time to return to my lodgings - she came the same afternoon; I never did such a thing - I was at my father's house, and my sister told me she had come; she did not say she had seen me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
