







                     WILLIAM HENRY 
                     BRYANT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, 1 hat, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Mason
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  CRUSE
               



            . I am a teacher of music - I lodge at Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Mason
               



            's - he is a hatter
, and lives in Carburton-street


 - on the 1st of February, about eight o'clock in theevening, I was in the parlour, and heard a noise in the shop, and saw a hand and arm extended into the shop - I got up, and pursued the prisoner, who ran down Norton-street - I called "Stop thief," and he was stopped - the hat was found a few yards from him.


                  GEORGE 
                  THORNTON
               



             (police-constable E 91). On the evening in question I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner running in an opposite direction - I followed, and caught him - he appeared much confused, and said,"What is the matter?" - Mr. Cruse came up and gave charge of him - the prisoner said, "Upon my word you are mistaken, it was not me" - I took him to the shop, and the prosecutor gave him in charge - he threw himself on the ground - cried, "Murder" and "O Lord" - he struck me in the face, and was so violent, that we were obliged to put him into a cab to get him to the station-house - whilst he was in the shop, he said he lived in Rathbone-place - he afterwards gave another direction - they were both false.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MASON
               



            . This is my hat.
Prisoner's Defence. The gentleman struck me in the face, and said, if I did not hold my tongue, he would knock my head through the wainscot - he said then, he saw a hand go to the hat, and now he says, "A hand and arm."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
