





1402. 




JOHN NEWLAND,



 JOHANNA LEONARD
, and 




PHILLIP KELLY
, was indicted for

 that they, on the 
21st of May, at 
St. Giles in the fields, did feloniously make and counterfeit, 5 pieces of counterfeit coin, resembling, and apparently intended to resemble and pass for current shillings; against the Statute, &c.


MESSRS. SCARLETT and ELLIS
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM REYNOLDS
. I am a constable. On the 21st of May, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, I went to No. 3, Kennedy's-court, Church-street, St. Giles's, with Ashton, Fink, Hall, and Duke—they are all officers—the street-door being open, I proceeded up-stairs with Ashton and Fink—the other two waited outside—the room door being rather ajar, somebody inside ran to shut it—I heard them do that, and I forced it open against them, and entered the room—on the right-hand side of the fireplace stood Newland, Leonard on the left, and Kelly on the left-hand side of the window—I laid hold of Newland and Leonard, and pushed them towards the window, and Leonard threw something white out of the window with her right hand—I could not see what it was—I put them into one corner of the room, and from the window I saw Hall stooping and picking something up in a public-house yard, which faces the window—I kept the prisoners in the corner of the room till the other officers arrived—I was seized by the left leg by a large dog, which held by my leg till it was knocked off by Ashton—I saw a pen-knife lying just outside the the window—on a little shelf on the left-hand side of the fir-place, I took off this half sheet of scouring paper—I searched Newland—he said I should find nothing on him, nor did I—I searched Leonard, and found on her a

good sixpence, and 2 1/2d. in copper—Newland's hands were dirty, and smelt strongly of metal, as if he had been working with metal, and it was such dirt as metal would produce—Leonard's hands were dirty likewise, and smelt the same—I searched Kelly, but found nothing on him—there was another woman there named Dixon, whose hands were not dirty, and nothing was found on her—there was another man there, who got away while the dog was holding me.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. What was the dirt on Newland's hands? A. Black—it smelt very strongly spoon metal—it was a very particular smell—I can't describe it—we have some metal here, and by rubbing it with you fingers it will smell—I did not know the man who escaped—I had never seen him before—there were five persons in the room when I went in—the other woman was discharged before the Magistrate—the man escaped while Ashton was beating the dog off my leg—there were these officers in the room at that time—I believe no officer had hold of the man who escaped—Ashton endeavoured to take him when I called to him—the man ran down stairs—Ashton did not ran down stairs after him—I did not know how many people would be there—I did not intend that one should get away.

Q. You had no notion that there would be one there who it was intended should get away? A. No—I did not notice the person of that man, whether his hands were dirty—I had enough to do with the dog at my leg and to hold those two—I did not go into the house by any signal—the street door was open—I was not told it would he left open for us—I did not expect to find it open—I had no reason to believe it would be open.

MR. ELLIS. Q. Were you at all privy to the escape of any man? A. No, I intended to take all I found there.





WM. BAKER ASHTON
. I am a policeman. I accompanied Reynolds and the other officers—I went after Reynolds—directly he got into the room a large crow-bar, and knocked the dog from his leg, and after several blown succeeded in getting it under the bed—Fink passed me at the time, and it made a snap at him—at that time a man escaped—Reynolds called out that a man had escaped—on the hob on the right-hand side of the fire I found this iron spoon, containing this metal, and under the fire-place, in the ashes I found these two pieces of broken mould—on a shelf in the wall, on the left-hand side of the fire-place, I found a bag containing a small portion of plaster-of-Paris, and I found an imperfect cast of a shilling in the spoon—I took Leonard and Newland to the office, with Hall, and when we were in Holborn, in a coach which was just starting, a female called out, "Johanna, you can free the other woman if you choose, "—she answered "I will—she knew nothing of what was doing."

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know the man who escaped? A. No—I could not tell whether we should find the door open, for I had a very large crow-bar to break it with—It had not been arranged by any body that we should go and find the things as we did.





THOMAS FINK
. I accompanied Reynolds and Ashton—I came in after Ashton—I saw Leonard throw something white out of window—as I crossed the room a large dog made a snap at me—I ran to the window and saw Hall in the back yard picking up something like chalk—I assisted in securing the prisoners.





WILLIAM HALL
. I went to the skittle ground of the Rose and Crown, which faces the window of the room—I saw Reynolds and Fink scuffling.

with the female prisoners at the window—I stooped down and picked up three counterfeit shillings and one good one—I did not see them fall from the window—they were opposite the window—there is a small wall about seven feet high, and they were about two feet from the wall—I picked up several pieces of a mould which have since been put together, and from the mould for both sides of a shilling—it was warm at the time—I went upstairs and assisted in taking the prisoners to the office—on the road a person outside said, "Johanna, you can clear her if you like"—she said, "I will—she only came up into the room for an iron, and she was never in the room so long before"—there was a brisk five in the room.





ROBERT DUKE
. I was with the officers—when I came into the room the prisoners were secured—on the left-hand side of the mantel-piece, over the fire-place, I found two counterfeit shillings in an unfinished state—I also found a pair of shoemaker's pincers, with some white substance on them, in a hole in the wall, in another part of the room, I found a file with a quantity of white metal in the teeth.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to His Majesty's Mint, and have had experience in examining coin for a great number of years. This is a plaster-of-Paris mould, intended for casting counterfeit shillings—it is composed of the pieces produced by Hall—it has the impressions of the obverse and reverse sides of a shilling—there are five shillings produced, which are all counterfeit, and cast in white metal—I have compared two of them with the mould, and believe they were cast in it—there is an accidental break in the mould, with which they exactly correspond—the other shillings I have compared with the mould and I believe they have been cast in it, but the break has been removed from these—that is some surplus metal which could be field off—these are in a more finished state—this file might be applied to remove the surplus metal—there appears to be white metal in the teeth of it—the iron spoon might be used to melt the metal before it is poured into the mould—there is white metal in it now, which appears to have been an imperfect cast—the mould is made of plaster of Paris, and is similar to the plaster of Paris now produced.

NEWLAND—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

LEONARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported for Life.

KELLY—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Patteson.

