




998. 




WILLIAM WOODCOCK
 and 



THOMAS HOWARD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
7th of March, 1 sovereign; 1 half-crown; 4 shillings; and 1 sixpence; the monies of 



Charles Clewley, from his person.






CHARLES CLEWLEY
. I am a waterman. I live at Strand on the Green, and work for Mr. Grange, of Uxbridge—on Saturday night, the 7th of March, I went into the Red Lion public-house, at Uxbridge, kept by Mr. Johnson—I went between ten and eleven o'clock at night—I had then one sovereign, two half-crowns, two sixpences, and nine shillings about me—I had counted it just before I went in—I had received 1l. 13s. of Mr. Grange, and had given him two penny-pieces—when I went into the public-house, the two prisoners were sitting in the tap-room together—I called for a pint of beer, and sat down, but not near them—I fell partly asleep—my money was in my left-hand trowsers pocket—I was awoke by Woodcock having his hand in my pocket—I caught hold of his arm, when his hand was in my pocket, and he let the money fall from his hand on the floor—I accused him of robbing me—he said he had not, and began sparring at me—Howard was standing with his back to the table, and he picked up the money—I asked him for it, and he said he had not got it—I told the landlord to keep the prisoners, and I went to get an officer—I could not get one, but I got the watchman; and when I got back Mr. Johnson had let the prisoners into the street—I saw Woodcock—I caught hold of him, and would not let him go—he was taken to the cage—as we were going along one White, who was committed from Uxbridge, came and ill-used me.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you ever been in any trouble? A. Yes; they once accused me of stealing a sack of malt—that is three years and a half ago—I lived with my mother then, and was taking care of one of Mr. Downe's craft—they put me in prison two days on that charge, and then let me out again—I swear that was the only time I was ever in trouble—I have been at Kingston, but never lived there, and never lost a situation there.

Q. Did you ever find yourself at the Thames Police? A. Yes; but I do not call that any thing—I was charged with stealing a shovel, but they had mine, and I had theirs—I lost my situation at Battersea when I was charged with stealing the malt—there were five persons present when I found Woodcock's hand in my pocket, but they are not here—I did not know them—I caught hold of Woodcock's arm, and went out of the tap-room

to Mr. Johnson—he shut up his house afterwards, and let the men go—there were two women in the room, but they were not with me—I had had about three pints of beer that day—I did not knock either of these men down—I produced 8s. to the landlord—I told him and I told Woodcock I would get a constable—I do not know whether I would have got an officer if Woodcock had given me my money—he did not offer to be searched—the other five persons were in the house when I went out—I returned in half an hour without a constable, but I did not go into the house then.

Q. Then you did not come back and say you could not find a constable, or ask Woodcock for the money, and say if it was returned you would say no more about it? A. No; I did not go into the house—I went again, and found the house closed, when I came back—Woodcock was not waiting for me at the door; he was opposite—he did not say to me, nor in my hearing, "If you like to search me you may, or if not, I will wait till you fetch a constable"—he did not ask me if I was going to murder him—he was not searched.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When you came back, after going for the officer, did you look into the house? A. Yes; I only saw Mr. Johnson—I did not see Howard—he had denied taking my money—I saw him again on Sunday morning—I stated at the time that I had lost 1l. 7s., not 1l. 7s. 6d.—I have been a witness—I never turned King's evidence—I had not spoken to either of the women who were in the public-house; they were sitting about three yards from me, to my right—Howard picked up my money before five people—I cannot say how much he picked up—he had some money in his hand—I saw him pick up a sovereign—I did not tell the Magistrate that—I was not asked—I said, he stooped and picked up something—I did not tell Mr. Johnson that night that I saw Howard pick up a sovereign; I did not think of it.





HENRY JOHNSON
. I keep the Red Lion at Uxbridge. I remember the two prisoners being there; the prosecutor came in afterwards, and complained of the prisoners having robbed him—I advised him to go to a constable—it was about half-past ten o'clock when he went—I told him where the constable lived—at eleven o'clock I turned the prisoners out, and shut my house—the prosecutor said he had been robbed of 1l. 7s.—the prisoners said they had no money.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had he made a public declaration, in the open room, that he had been robbed, and he would go for a constable? A Yes; the prisoners remained there half an hour afterwards until the house was closed—I had not seen the prosecutor asleep—my waiter is not here.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you recollect whether Woodcock offered to be searched? A. No; I asked him if he had any money, and he said, "No"—one constable lived about a hundred yards above my house, and the other about one hundred yards below.





JOHN BIRCH
. I am a constable of Uxbridge. The prosecutor came to my house that Saturday night, but I was ill in bed. On the Sunday morning, he sent for me, and said he had had Woodcock put into the cage the night before, and that Howard had robbed him of 1l. 7s.—I took Howard—I searched him—he gave me his tobacco-box, and said, "All you will find in it is a shilling and a sixpence"—I opened it, and it was a sovereign and a sixpence—I had before asked him whether he had done what he was charged with—he said no—he said he had taken the shilling for water-cresses.


Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did the prosecutor say that Howard had robbed him, or helped to rob him? A. He said Woodcock robbed him, and Howard was in the tap-room—I heard him say before the Magistrate that he saw Howard pick up a sovereign off the floor—I never saw nor heard of an advertisement addressed to a gentleman who had given a sovereign in mistake for a shilling.

JURY. Q. At what time in the morning did you take Howard? A. About fight o'clock—he seemed very much surprised that he had got the sovereign, and said he had taken it for a shilling for water-cresses—I know he deals in them.

WOODCOCK—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

HOWARD—


NOT GUILTY
.
