



1788. 




WILLIAM HOYLE
 was indicted

, for that he, on the 
20th of April, at 
St. Peter's, Westcheap, London, feloniously did forge a bill of exchange, which is as follows, that is to say, "No. 104, 109l. 16s. 10d., London, April 1st, 1835, Three months after date, pay to our order 109l. 16s. 10d., value received. Thomas M'Mahon and Co. to Mr. G. Ormerod, Rochdale, payable at Messrs. Cunliff, Brooks, and Co. George Ormerod;" with intent to defraud 



Charles Ginnever Kewney and others—2nd COUNT, for feloniously offering, uttering, disposing of, and putting off a like forged bill of exchange, well knowing it to be forged, with like intent—3rd COUNT, for feloniously forging an acceptance of a like bill of exchange, which is as fellows: "Payable at Messrs. Cunliffe, Brooks, and Co. George Ormerod;" with a like intent—4th COUNT, for feloniously offering, &c. the same, well knowing it to be forged, with like intent.—Four other Counts, like four former, only not setting out the forged bill of exchange.


MESSRS CLARKSON AND BODKIN
condueted the prosecution.






CHARLES GINNEVER KEWNEY
. I am a hosier, and live at Nottingham. I have two partners—we had transaction with a firm named M'Mahon and Co., of London—the prisoner was represented as one of that firm, and was so, I belive—they owed us between 13, 000l. and 14, 000l.—in April last we made application for part of that amount, I afterwards came to London—their place of buisness was in Wood-street, Cheapside—I went there on Monday morning, the 20th of April—I saw the prisoner first at our own warchouse, in Maiden-lane before I went there, I called his attention to the account—he said he had paid part of it at our town warehouse—that was not true—in the afternoon of that day he made me a payment of between 500l. and 600l., in bill and cash—there was not 50l. of it in case—the rest was in bills—the bill in question, of 109l. 16s. 10d., was among them—(produced)—it was accepted as it now is—he made no observation about it—it was presented for payment, and dishonoured—no such person was to be found.





JOHN TEMPEST
. I am a manufacturer of flannel, and have lived at Rochdale all my life. I am very well acquainted with the inhabitants—I know there is no such person to be found there as George Ormerod, except a school-boy, about fourteen years old—I have frequently seen that boy—I have not seen him write.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Are you well acquainted with the boy? A. I have seen him frequently—his father has been dead these four years—his friends are curries—he lives with his brothers—there are no other George Ormerods there—I have made inquiry





JOHN BROWN
 I am clerk to Cunliff, Brooks, and Co., bankers—we have no customer of the name of Ormerod, to my knowledge.


Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You say, not to your knowledge? A. Yes; it is a country account—my knowledge on the subject is not derived from our books—I do not know the whole of our country customers—my knowledge of the town accounts would be derived from the books—we have a balance-sheet sent up from Manchester—I have looked at that at home—I have not got it here—my knowledge of the country accounts is derived, in some instances, from that balance-sheet—we might have such a customer without his name being in the balance-sheet—I looked at it for the purpose of seeing whether there was such an account in it—they would be irregular customers that are not included in the balance sheet—they are all chance customers—a person would pay the commission on a bill at Manchester, made payable at our house, and our house at Mancheater advises us of the money and the commission being paid, and we pay it at the town-hous—that description of customers may amount to 100 in a year—I connot retain their names in my memory.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Regular customers in the country would appear in the balance-sheet? A. Yes. I have searched that balance-sheet with a view to this transaction—I did not find any such name as George Ormerod—there has been no remittance made on account of this bill—it was not paid on being presented at our house, there being no advice of the money being paid.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. To whom would that bill be presented at your house? A. To myself or Mr. Grey—I connot, of my own knowledge, swear it was not presented to Mr. Gray—he is not here.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Whoever presented it, you say it was not paid? A. it was not.

COURT. Q. How do you know it was not paid? A. Because we have no advice of it.





JOHN HARDMAN
. I am an attorney, and live at Rochdale. I have lived there ten years, and was born there—I have made very diligent inquiry to find out George Ormerod—I found one of that name, a publican, living at Catley-lane-bead, three or four miles from Rochdale—that is the only one I could find, expect the school-boy at Rochdale, and there is a son of George Ormerod, of Catley-head-lane.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You found a school-boy of that name? A. Yes; at Rochdale—his father is dead—I knew him—the population of Rochdale is about 24, 000—it is not a place that people visit—I have no knowledge of any lodging-hous there—manufacturers are constantly coming and going—I would not swear that there might not be a George Ormerod living there for a fortnight or a month—I speak merely of the habitual residents of the place.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you speak from the inquiry you have made, on purpose to discover the acceptor of the bill? A. I do.





GEORGE ORMEROD
. I am a publican, and live at Catley-lane-head, near Rochdale—the acceptance of this bill is not my handwriting—I know nothing of it—I have a son George—I know no other George Ormerod near us—it is not my son's handwriting—he is twenty-six years old, and drives my team.

Cross-examined. Q. What did you say when asked if there was any other person of that name near the place? A. "Not within miles"—there are many Ormerod's in Lancashire—I go to Rochdale sometimes—there may be lodging-houses there.





GEORGE ORMEROD
. I live at Coop, about seven miles from Rochdale—I

cannot write, and did not write this acceptance, nor authorise any body to write my name to any bill.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know any other George Ormerod about the place? A. No; I only know the last witness—I never saw his son George.





GEORGE ORMEROD
, of Catley-lane-head, re-examined. I know George Ormerod, at Fearon-hill, seven or eight miles from me, and about eight miles from Rochdale.





WILLIAM WAUGH LEE
. I am the son of the Post-mistress, of Rochdale—I have delivered letters there upwards of twenty years—I do not know any George Ormerod there, except the currier's son, the school-boy—there is one lives at Catley-lane-head, and one at Coop, and one at Fearon-hill—he is of the firm of George Ormerod and Son's of Watler-barns—it is near Rochdale, seven or eight miles off—I do not know a George Ormerod living there—Walter-barns are the works belonging to the firm at Fearon-hill.





JOHN FINNEY
. I am an accountant, and live in Watling-street. I know the prisoner, and frequently saw him write—the acceptance to this bill is his handwriting, I never no doubt.

Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear it positively? A. My answer was, "That is the handwriting of the prisoner, I have no doubt"—I connot say when I saw him write last—it was from the middle of April, and during the wbole of May, this year—I saw him write at his own place, No. 6, Wood-street—I connot say that I have seen this before—(looking at two papers)—it is possible—I connot say whose handwriting this is—I have seen the prisoner attempt to write various hands—I have seen him writing on paper, and it possibly might be this very piece of paper—I have witnessed the different kinds of handwriting he could write—he has attempted to do so—the acceptance of this bill is his natural handwriting—I have compared it with his books, letter by letter—the moment I cast my eye on the bill, I said, "That is Mr. Hoyle's handwriting," without any reference—I compared it, letter by letter, on account of the seriousness of the affair—I have seen his writing in the day-book of M'Mahon and Hoyle—it was writing which he has stated to me to be his—not when I have seen him write, but I have seen his write very frequently, and have seen him write in the books—the books were not kept by one Tillidge—I have seen Tillidge write—the body of this bill, I should say, is Mr. Tillidge's haadwriting.





WILLIAM SPERING
. I was in the employ of M'Mahon and Co., of Wood-street, as warehouseman and traveller, the prisoner was one of the firm—I have frequently seen him write—I belive this acceptance to be his handwriting.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you him write last? A. About the 9th of May—it is his ordinary handwriting—I have seen the bill since it has been returned—it was shown to me to examine—the body of the bill is written by Tillidge, and it is singed by Thomas M'Mahon himself—it is his genuine signature.





ELIAS TILLIDGE
. I was formely clerk to Messrs. M'Mahon and Co.—the prisoner was one of the firm—I have seen this bill before—the body of it is any handwriting—I wrote it by the prisoner's direction—I have frequently seen the prisoner write, and have not the least doubt of the acceptance being his handwriting.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know batchelor? A. No: I know a man named B atchelor came in and bought some goods—Hoyle used to

know him—I never said that the words, "Payable at" and "George Ormerod," were not the prisoner's handwriting.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know Batchelor, except from what the prisoner told you? A. Not at all—I did not know his name.





WILLIAM HENMAN
. I am a City policeman. I took the prisoner into custody, on the charge of forging a bill of 109l., on Mr. Kewney, of Nottingham—he asked me to treat him with kindness, and he would be quiet—I told him, I certainly would treat him with kindness, if he would be quiet—(I took him at his house at Hoxton-New-town)—he immediately made his escape, and ran out of the house—I pursed him, and secured him in the next street—I took him to the station-house, in Stoke-Newington-road; and on fetching him from there, while he was in the cab, going to the Compter, he seemed anxious to say something—I cautioned him, and said it was a serious charge, and what he said to me might, perhaps, be evidence against him, and he had better say nothing—he said it could not affect his case; the charge of forgery they could not prove; but that I was very lucky; if I had not taken him that night, I should not have taken him at all, for he would have been off next morning, where nobody would have found him.





JOHN FINNEY

re-examined. It was my duty to inquire into the validity of the sundry bills—I asked the prisoner about this bill—he said the acceptor was a respectable draper, living at Rochdale (Bill read.)

Prisoner's Defence. I claim your attention; I trust you have not made up your minds to send me over the water without hearing me speak; I did not run away for fear of being taken for forgery; when I said, if I had not been taken that night, I should have gone where I could not be found; I meant to say, my family would have been removed, where he would not have found me that day; for I had been apprised that my old assigees were going to lay hold of my furniture, and meant to move tomorrow, to save it. You have had one or two witnesses to swear to my handwriting; in answer to their evidence, I shall produce a clerk in my employ, whom will mpositively swear the bills are not in my handwriting; that witness has seen more of my handwriting than any person in court; no part of the acceptance is my writing. In March last I became acquainted with John Batchelor, and asked him to recommend us customers; about the 28th of March, he called at our warehouse, and said a friend of his, Mr. Mitchell, of Rochdale, had come to town, and he would bring him; on Monday I received a note, requesting me to meet him at the Three Bucks, in Eaton-street; he said he had a commission from some persons in Rochdale to purchase hosiery, and named a house which Mitchell assured me was highly respectable; and what he (Mitchell) lived in Drake-street, Rochdale. I took down the orders, which being large, I thought it better to get bills accepted, than give them three months credit. I afterwards stated this to Mitchell; who stated, that if I would draw the bills, he would send them down to Rochdale for acceptance. On the 1st of April, I told Tillidge to draw the bills; four were drawn; I gave them to Mitchell, who promised to get them accepted; on the 12th of April, Batchelor called at my private residence, and gave me the bills, accepted by Ormerod and Co., and said he had received them in a parcel from Mitchell, who had returned to Rochdale; the prosecutor afterwards called on me for the payment of his account, 213l., which was due in cash; my partner paid him cash and bills, accounting to, I believe, 239l.; he said he would get the bills discounted, and return the balance; observing I had I had

other bills, he offered to get them discounted too, and I gave him the one in question, and three others; about the 23rd of April, I sent for the proceeds, but he refused to give it up till he saw what turn our affairs took; and being fearful, as our stock was destroyed by fire, that we might become embarrassed, we would not press him for it. (The prisoner entered into other particulars respecting his commercial transactions, but not reffering to the charge.)





FIELD ASHWORTH
. I live in Silver-street, Cheapside—I have known the prisoner for the last ten years—I have seen him write a good deal—I am well acquainted with his handwriting—this acceptance is not like his regular handwriting.

COURT. Q. Do you believe it to be his handwriting? A. I believe not.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you the person the prisoner calls his clerk? A. I do not know—I have been his clerk, not his porter—I do not know whose handwriting this indorsement "Thomas M'Mahon" is—it looks more like the prisoner's handwriting than the other—I do not mean to say that the acceptance is not his handwriting, I merely tell you what I think—I did not see it written—he did not write different hands when I have seen him write—he generally wrote a plain hand, like a school-hand—this indorsement is nearly like his general hand—there is not exactly a likeness between the two, not so as to show it is the same hand—I know Mr. White, the prosecutor's agent in London—when the charge was first made against the prisoner, I called at White's—I met a person I knew at Rochdale, named Stirling, and he said White wanted to speak to me—he asked me to go over, and I did—we talked about this charge.

Q. Did you tell White you had no doubt the prisoner forged the acceptance of both the bills; for you knew he had paid 20l. to take up a forged acceptance the day before? A. I do not recollect that—I will swear I never did say so—I did not see the 20l. bill, and never knew what it was; but I knew there was something wrong about it—it was not proved under the bankruptcy, and this sane bill had been paid—I believe I had been informed so six weeks ago in the country—I was informed that bill was taken up by Hoyle's friends—I might make use of the word "forged" on that occasion—I never meant to say it was forged, I might have said it was a bad bill—I never said that I knew the prisoner had forged that bill, to my knowledge—I did not use the word "forged," to the best of my knowledge—I do not recollect saying I knew the bill had been forged—I never said the prisoner had forged Ormerod's name, or the name of David Lord—I had never seen the bills—I came from the neighbourhood of Rochdale, and so did the prisoner—I do not know George Ormerod, a draper there—I have not been down there since the prisoner was committed—I do not know a man of the name of George Ormerod there—I know a good deal of Rochdale—I was in town when the prisoner was examined the second time at the Mansion House—I was at the examination—I did not state any thing—I heard some of the witnesses say it was his handwriting, but I never saw the bill—I have been to France twice—I gave over business there—I did not abscond—I was not forced to go—I went on a journey of pleasure—I was never a great deal indebted—I did not go to France, to avoid my creditors the first time—nor the second; I went for pleasure both times.

Q. Were you able, then, to pay your debts? A. I do not think proper to answer that question.


COURT
Q. When did you first see this bill? A. To-day—I came at the prisoner's request to see the bill, to speak to his handwriting—it was never shown to me.





SAMUEL WHITE
. I am agent in London for the prosecutors—I recollect Ashworth coming to my warehouse before the prisoner's committal—he told me he had no doubt the prisoner had forged the acceptance in question, and gave as his reason that he had had to take up an acceptance for 20l.; forged for him about a month before the conversation—we were speaking of the acceptances of George Ormerod and David Lord—he came into our warehouse, and said I had sent for him; but I had not—Thomas M'Mahon was in the warehouse at the time—he said he had not the least doubt that the acceptance was forged; for he knew that the prisoner had taken up a 20l. forged bill lying in other parties' hands in the country; and that was about a month before.

MR. KEWNEY
re-examined. I received the bill in their warehouse in the City.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Sergeant Bosanquet.

