





1682. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CURTIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously putting off, to James Gollocker, 10 counterfeit half-crowns, at and for a lower rate and denomination than the same were counterfeited for
            .
MESSRS. SCARLETT and GURNEY conducted the prosecution.
JAMES GOLLOCKER. I am a constable of the parish of Lambeth. On the 4th of June I met 
               
                  Richard 
                  Myers
               



             - he is a tobacconist, and lives on Newington-causeway; I met him at the Rose and Crown - I received from him six shillings, a sixpence, and four half-pence; I went to Goswell-street, and waited there three quarters of an hour - I saw the prisoner, a person named Johnson, and another named Avis; Avis said to the prisoner and Johnson, "This is the young man that wants the things" - I went into New-court, which is opposite the Rose and Crown, where Myers was waiting - the prisoner and Johnson followed me into the court, and Avis stood just at the mouth of the court; I asked the prisoner what he had got; he said ten, and he took a paper parcel from his trousers pocket, which he gave me - I opened it, and found it contained ten half-crowns: I gave him the 6s. 8d. for them, which Myers gave me - I said he must stand something to drink, which he agreed to; we went to the Rose and Crown, where Myers was waiting - the prisoner paid for some rum, but did not take any himself; Myers had been in such a position that he could see what was done in the court - when we were at the Rose and Crown the prisoner said, "They are very good ones, I suppose you will get rid of them to-day;" I said I would if I could - I marked them at the Rose and Crown, and gave them to Myers.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long have you been employed by the Mint to buy coin? A. From about the beginning of December - I have been a constable six years; I have known Avis three or four months; he said he knew who made base coin; he gives us information at times - I never paid him any thing, nor have I seen him paid; I never knew him till the 15th of May; I have heard he has been convicted - I did not take the prisoner at the time, as we had information that there were four or five coiners in Wentworth-street, and we could not have taken them if we took him then; I did not induce him to do this - I believe this is the fourth time I have bought coin, but will not swear it is not more; if I was at home I could refer to some accounts and tell; I have been a witness in vmore than ten cases, but not bought coin - I believe I have been a witness in seventeen cases, but am not quite sure; I have not received a farthing since December - I expect to be paid for my loss of time; I had a case about four years ago, and then I was paid for it - I am in the coal trade, but do not attend much to it; my wife is a laundress, and I keep a few pigs - I had five chaldrons of coals of Mr. Scott in the last twelve months, and sold them to my neighbours; I sell from a cellar; I fetch my wife's linen, and do other jobs; I was a patrol of the parish before the establishment of the New Police; I feel a pleasure in detecting people who act against the law - it is not for gain; Myers searched me to satisfy the Jury I had no money about me - if I could find Johnson I would take him- I have not seen him since; Avis knew I was to meet the prisoner - I did not know it was the prisoner I was to buy of - I did not direct Avis to send the prisoner with them.
MR. SCARLETT. Q. You have been a constable several years? A. Yes; I think it is entered into the seventh year - officers are often obliged to speak to persons of suspicious character; I have been in the room with them, and in all kind of company.


                  RICHARD 
                  MYERS
               



            . I am a tobacconist, and live on Newington-causeway. I received information that the prisoner was a dealer in counterfeit coin - I made an arrangement to introduce him to Gollocker, and he was to meet him on the 4th of June; Avis was the person who gave me information; I met Gollocker at the Rose and Crown public-house, Goswell-street, a little after nine o'clock in the morning - I searched him, and satisfied myself that he had no coin about him; I have known him some time; he is a constable - I gave him six good shillings, a sixpence, and 2d. in half-pence - I had no reason to doubt his honesty, though I did this; I do not employ him, he goes as a constable with me - when I had given him the money I remained in the Rose and Crown, and he went into the street - I was in such a position asto see what he did; when he had been some time in the street, the prisoner, another man, and Avis, came up - Gollocker then went into New-court, immediately opposite where I was; they had some conversation, and the prisoner stood with his back against the wall - after they had talked a minute or two the prisoner put his hand, I think, into his left-hand trousers pocket, and pulled out a paper parcel, which Gollocker received, and gave him something in return - Gollocker then opened the parcel, took one out, and tried it upon his thumb; I saw him do it - they then came across to the house where I was, and I withdrew from the door where I had been standing, and went into a parlour adjoining the bar, with a glass partition across it; they called for some rum, but the prisoner would not drink any - her said he had other business to do, or he had not had breakfast I do not know which; I think the prisoner paid for it, and Gollocker and the other two men drank it - the prisoner and the other men then went out - Gollocker came to me and produced these half-crowns; my reason for not taking the prisoner at the time was, because we had other parties in view - we made several attempts to take the prisoner afterwards, but failed in them, till the 22nd of August, when I met with Hall, and took him at the bottom of Wilson-street - he was searched, and in the lining of his jacket Hall found three counterfeit half-crowns.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been a tobacconist? A. Ten years; my servants attend to my business - I was a constable ten years, and left off about a year ago; when I receive information, I go and tell Gollocker, and he tells me - I have heard Avis called Perkins - I have heard of his being in trouble once about coin before I knew him; I have given him 1s. or 2s. for refreshments, and sometimes 3s., but not as payment - I never introduced him to the Mint; the solicitor knew he has been with me finding these people out - I will not swear I have not given him 5l.; I enter in a book what I give him, and expect to be paid again; the Mint paid me last about a year ago - I cannot tell how much I have received for the last two years without my books - I do not think it is 100l. in all.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I am an officer. I accompained Myers, and took the prisoner at the corner of Wilson-street, Gray's-Inn-road - I searched him, and found in the lining of his coat-tail three counterfeit half-crowns - I had some trouble to get them.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint. These ten half-crowns are all counterfeit - they are alike, and, I believe, are cast in the same mould; these three others are connterfeit also; they are of a different impression - they are made in a plaster of Paris mould, and the metal is poured in hot.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the prosecutor in my life till I was at Hatton-Garden.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
