





NEW COURT. THURSDAY. APRIL 7.
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
725. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of March
, 1 watch, value 30s.
            , the goods to 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hargrove
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM HARGROVE. I keep a lodging-house in the Almonry, Westminster


, The prisoner lodged in my house about three days - on the last night in February, I went to bed, having put my watch, chain, and seals on a nail against the wall; I awoke between one and two o'clock, and missed them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MACKENZIE
               



            . I am a private in the Coldstream Guards. On the 1st of March I was sentinel at the King's palace, St. James' - I saw the prisoner a few minutes before four o'clock in the morning; she showed me a watch, which she took from her bosom - I asked her to allow me to look at it; she gave it me - I detained it, informed the serjeant, and gave him the watch.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am the serjeant. I received this watch from Mackenzie - I went out, and asked the prisoner if it was her's she looked at it, said it was, and that a gentleman had given it her - she then took the seals out of her bosom; I took them, and said I thought she had stolen them - I took her to the station-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARGROVE
               



            . This is my property - I know the prisoner had been in and out the night before; she had not a room to herself, but lodged there - there were other women in the house.
JURY. Q. Did she sleep in your room? A. No - my room was not locked.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
