







713. 
               
                  WILLIAM THOMAS 
                  PICKARD
               




             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  DREW
               



             were again indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Christopher 
                        Partridge
                     



                  , on the 8th of March

, at St. Dunstan's, Stebonheath, alias Stepney



, and stealing therein 9 rings, value 5l., his goods
            ; and 
               
                  MARTHA 
                  PICKARD
               



             for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , against the Statute.
CHRISTOPHER PARTRIDGE. I am a jeweller
, and live in Wentworth-place, Mile-end



, St. Dunstan's, Stepney. - I rent the house - on the 8th of March, between half-past eleven and half-past twelve o'clock in the day, I was in my shop occasionally - I discovered my window was broken, and some rings taken out - the window was safe before - it was cracked, but no piece was out of it before - I missed nine gold rings; three with hair in them.


                  HENRY 
                  WARE
               



            . I think it was on a Saturday between one and two o'clock, or it might not be so late, that I went to Mr. Partridge's shop - I did not take notice of the time - George Drew and William Pickard went with me - when we got there, one of the windows round the cornerof the shop was cracked - I put my finger against the glass, and it cracked all across and fell out - I got under the iron bar in front of the window, put my hand in about a foot, or a foot and a half, and brought eleven gold rings to the hole; three were hair, but the tops of them were gold - I took nine of them out, and gave them to Drew - both the prisoners stood at the window, and told me when any body was looking at me - their standing there would prevent people seeing me so easily; but people could see if they looked - they covered me - we all went to Mrs. Pickard's and looked at the rings - there were three hair - the other six were all gold - I only took nine, because a gentleman dressed in black went along, who I thought noticed me; and William Pickard said, "Come on;" so I took no more - the three hair rings were on one card by themselves, and three of the gold ones also - when we got home, Mrs. Pickard said they would fetch 2s. apiece, and some not so much - she went and pledged two wedding-rings at 
               Mr. Cotton
            's - I went with her; and another one she pawned in Ratcliffe-highway for 2s., and one for 1s. - I do not know the name of the shop - after we got home, we had one of the hair ones apiece - Mrs. Pickard said one of the rings would not pledge, because it was not worth taking in - she said the pawnbroker said so - when we got home she gave me part of the money - I do not know what it was now - we tossed for the ring that was not taken in, and William Pickard won it - he told me he had pawned it at Cotton's for 1s. - he showed me the duplicate, and said he had got the best of it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you sur you did not give it to him? A. Yes - I always kept in my mind where I had been - I may make a mistake sometimes - I have told a great many of these things to my father, and he tried all he could to stop me from committing these depredations; but he could not keep me from going - I do not mean to continue it - it was quite daylight when this was done - I have never been convicted.
Q. How often have you been tried in your life? A. I was never tried more than before the Lord Mayor once, about a handkerchief - I was discharged then - I was never before a Jury except here last sessions, for a gold watch - that was Blake and Hall's business - I never did any thing wrong till I knew the prisoners - they enticed me, and said what good things they got.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. When you stole things, who did you take them to? A. Mrs. Pickard, I went with her son and Thomas Hall - my father endeavoured to persuade me from it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOLTWOOD
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Cotton, of Shoreditch. I produce a gold ring pawned in the afternoon of the 8th of March, (it was not after six o'clock,) by William Pickard, for 1s.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. This is not a hair ring? A. No; it is a gold stone ring - they are coloured stones, not glass - a shilling was all he asked on it- I knew him before - I have seen his father at my shop, but not these nine months.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was 1s. all he asked for it? A. Yes; we do not offer more than people ask - I should not consider the stones in the ring worth two-pence.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are they cut? A. I do not consider them cut.


                  CHARLES 
                  PADDON
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Cotton. I produce the duplicate of two rings, pawned by Mrs. Pickard, on the 8th of March, and redeemed.


                  JAMES 
                  GLIBBERY
               



            . I found a duplicate of a ring, at the female prisoner's house in a drawer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLLAND
               



            . I am a policeman. I found this hair ring up stairs in the female prisoner's house, after I had taken her to the station-house.
MR. PHILLIPS to Ware. Q. Did not you say it was a hair ring, that Mrs. Pickard said nobody would take, and which you tossed for? A. No; I said there were three hair rings, but I did not mention what sort of ring it was at all.
CHRISTOPHER PARTRIDGE re-examined. The ring is one which I lost that day - I am positive of it by a mark on the back of it - it is one I manufactured myself.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you sold any of them? A. No; it was the only one I manufactured of this pattern - it was made too large - I cut it and resoldered it - the stones are pink topazes - I think I paid 4d. each for the stones - it is a gold ring - I should sell it for 18s. - it had got discoloured by being put in the ink at the office - this ring found in the woman's drawer, is one of the hair rings that I lost.
William Thomas Pickard's Defence. On Saturday evening, I came home to my mother's about six o'clock - mother took a ring off her finger, and asked me to pawn it for her for 1s. - I pawned it for her at Cotton's - Mr. Paddon looked at the ring when I took it to him.


                  CHARLES 
                  PADDON
               



            . He came in the evening between five and six o'clock, I think.
Martha Pickard's Defence. I bought this ring in Petticoat-lane, for 1s. 9d., and gave it to my son to pawn.


                  THOMAS 
                  PARTRIDGE
               



            . I swear it is mine - it was in my window on the morning of the robbery.
W. T. PICKARD 

               GUILTY
            . - Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
DREW - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
MARTHA PICKARD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
