





2187. 
               
                  
                     SELINA 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of September
, 1 half-crown and 1 shilling, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Tocknell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM TOCKNELL. I live in Blenheim-street, Oxford-street, and am an engraver
. On the 1st of September I was near a dead wall in Old-street-road


; the prisoner was there talking to another person - I passed her; she came and asked me to go home with her - she put her hand under my arm and put her hand into my trousers pocket; she took out a half-crown and a shilling; I asked her to give me what I had lost- she asked me several times what it was, and kept walking with me till we came to a public-house; she went in there, and asked what I would take - I asked for my money; she got between two men and got out- the men prevented my following her, but I got out at another door; I gave an alarm, and the officer took her - I am certain she is the person.
Q. Have you not before said that you saw a female, and you really believed she was the person who robbed you? A. I have said so, but I am certain she is the person - she was taken and one half-crown, a shilling, a sixpence, and some halfpence were found on her; I had felt it safe ten minutes before I lost it - in my way home a young man followed me from the station as far as Finsbury-square, and he offered to lay down his life if I would take the money of him, and offered me double and treble the amount - he spoke so feelingly, that I took 3s. 6d. from him, and he wanted me to take more - I went to the Police-office after that, but I thought it would be all settled; I did not mean to go any more, but I was sent for on Wednesday.
Cross-examined. Q. When did you meet the prisoner? A. On Saturday, about eleven o'clock; I did not say I would not be sure she was the woman - I expressed some doubt of her identity; I went by her dress as much as any thing at the time, but I know quite well she is the person - she had another dress on, but I can be positive as to her features,
Q. Did not the gentleman who came up to you say it was not the prisoner who took the money? A. No, he said he was not present at the transaction; I took the 3s. 6d. of him, and I might have had a larger sum.
COURT. Q. Was your doubt respecting her dress? A. Yes, I had no doubt about her person - I saw her under the wall, and again at the public-house.


                  GEORGE 
                  KEMP
               



             (Police-constable N 82.) I was applied to on the night of the 1st of September to take the prisoner - I had before heard a cry of Stop thief! and ran, and the prisoner ran by me; I knew her well- the prosecutor was following two or three yards behind; he said that was the person, and I pursued and took her to the station, after great resistance - I searched her, and took her pocket from her; I found a half-crown piece, a shilling, a sixpence, and some copper in it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
