





747. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BERWICK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of April
, 1 pocket-book, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sebright 
                           Mawby
                        




                     
                  , Esq
. from his person
            .

GENERAL
 SEBRIGHT MAWBY. I live in Baker-street, Portman-square. On the afternoon of the 25th of April I was in Fleet-street


, and felt a twitch at my left hand coat pocket - I threw my hand back, and found my pocket-book was gone - I immediately turned round, and saw the prisoner with something in his right hand, trying to conceal it from going behind him, and in that hand I saw my pocketbook - he was close to me - I seized him and took him into a shop - I saw him drop my pocket-book - I left it in possession of an officer, sealed up, and it was produced before the magistrate.


                  RICHARD 
                  JAMES COX
               



            . I am fourteen years old. I live in Great Peter-street, Westminster. I was in Fleet-street on the 25th of April, about four o'clock, and saw the prisoner pull his hand out of the prosecutor's pocket, as I turned round to go into a shop - the prosecutor turned round, collared him, and then he dropped the pocket-book - the prosecutor put him into the shop that I was going into.
Cross-examined. Q. How far were you from the prisoner? A. Close to him - I was on the curb-stone - I was going into a shop - I think he put the hand into the nearest pocket to me - when he was taken, he said it was not him, and at the watch-house he said he had shown the gentleman a man who was running, but he would not go after him - I did not see him till he was pulling his hand out of the gentleman's pocket - he was shuffling past.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoner in charge, at 94, Fleet-street, from General Mawby, with the pocket-book.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. About half-past four o'clock in the afternoon, I left the Borough on my way to Smithfield. I had to go to my uncle's with a parcel, and from there to Drury-lane Theatre; and in Fleet-street, about half-past five o'clock, I was walking very fast on the curb, when the prosecutor came up and accused me of it - I went with him into a shop - they sent for a policeman, who came in about ten minutes, and the lad came in at the same time - he heard the prosecutor's evidence, and instantly said he had seen my hand in the gentleman's pocket; he knew nothing about it till he heard the prosecutor's statement - I had my hand in my coat pocket when the gentleman caught hold of me - when he took up the book he was ten or twelve yards from me.
RICHARD JAMES COX re-examined. The prosecutor called me, and asked me what I had seen - I told him - he did not tell me that the prisoner was the man - he said,"Did you see the prisoner do it?" - I said, "Yes" - that was all - I am sure I saw what I have stated.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
