





2015. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of August
, 24 lbs. of coffee, value 1l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ferris
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I am an officer. On the 10th of August I was in the West India-docks


 - there was a waggon at the back of No. 5 warehouse; I received information, and went to it; I saw the prisoner drive it off just before I came up to it - I desired him to stop the horses, and asked if he was the carman; he said he was - I said I was come to examine it; he then said he was not the carman, but the carman was gone down the dock: I got into the waggon, and found in it a bag, containing 24 lbs. of coffee, concealed under the tilt - the prisoner then said he had picked it up, seeing it run out of a cask; I asked how he came by the bag; he said he had worn it as an apron - I was about to go up the dock with the waggon and horses, when the carman came, met me, and took charge of it; I asked if he knew the prisoner; he said No; I then took him up to the entrance, and reported it to Mr. Foy - he had this coffee weighed; the cask of coffee was taken out and reweighed, and the quantity in the bag just corresponded with that missed from the cask.


                  JOHN 
                  FOY
               



            . I am superintendent of Police at the West-India-docks. On the 10th of August the prisoner was brought to me by Bishop; I examined the casks in the waggon, and one had been plundered - I had it weighed, and it wanted 24 lbs. of the original weight; this found in the bag is the same quantity and quality - I examined the carman and the prisoner, as to whether they knew one another; they said they did not, but it was proved they had loaded the waggon together - the carman went off after they had been to the office.


                  JOHN 
                  FERRIS
               



            . I am the carman
. It was my waggon, and I am responsible for it.


                  GEORGE 
                  JONES
               



            . On the 10th of August I was at the West India-docks to receive some tierces - I saw this waggon drawn into a nook in the west wing; the waggoner went up for his pass, and the prisoner was left in care of the waggon.


                  JOHN 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I am foreman in the docks. The property loaded in the waggon was what has been stated.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
