



1584. 




THOMAS COATS
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Bradford, about ten in the night of the 
11th of May, at 
St. Bridget, alias

St. Bride, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 time-piece, value 10s.; 1 tea-caddy, value 25s.; and 1 sugar-basin, value 8s.; his goods.






JOHN BRADFORD
. I am a paper-hanger, and live in Bride-lane, Fleet-street, in the parish of St. Bridget, alias St. Bride—it is my dwelling-house. On the night of the 11th of May, at five minutes after ten o'clock, I was sitting in the kitchen with my wife—the kitchen door was shut—the parlour shutters were not fastened—the window was quite whole, and shut, and the sashes fastened—my wife hallooed out, "Thieves"—I immediately jumped from my chair, ran along the passage into the street, turned the corner opposite my house, and saw the prisoner running up the lane towards the steps of the church passage, where he dropped the time-piece—I followed him through the passage, and saw him turn down the avenue towards Fleet-street, and turn again up Fleet-street—he was making for Shoe-lane, and when he got on the pavement he went towards Water-lane—I called, "Stop thief," and saw a tall gentleman stop him at the corner of Water-lane—I got up and collared him, and directly after the officer came up and took hold of him—I am quite certain he is the man I saw drop the time-piece—it had been on the chimney-piece in my parlour—he must have got in by a false latch or plyers—he must have entered the house to get it and open the parlour door—this is my time-piece—(looking at it.)

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Where were you sitting when your wife alarmed you? A. By the side of the kitchen fire, adjoining the parlour, on the ground-floor—it is a private house—I had been sitting there about half an hour with my wife—there were lodgers up stairs—I had left the parlour ten minutes before, all safe—I closed the parlour door myself, and was the last person in it—I went in to put some papers away—the lodgers might have access to the parlour, but I should have heard them—it is only a wooden partition, which is so thin I could hear any one in the parlour—there is a street door to the passage, and then the parlour door—the kitchen is beyond the parlour—my wife and I heard the noise both at the same time, but my wife saw them—we heard the snapping of a lucifer match—we did not hear the prisoner go into the room, but my wife saw him leaving the passage.





FREDERICK HATLEY
. I am in the employ of Mr. Wardour, a fish-monger, in Fleet-street. I was going down Bride-lane on this night, and heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I saw two or three more people pass me, running—I heard a fall of something, looked down, and picked up this time-piece, which I took to the station-house.





BENJAMIN GERRANS
. I am waiter at the Bell tavern, Fleet-street. I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and the breaking of glass—I ran out, and picked up part of a dark lantern, which was hot.





GEORGE BAKER
. I am a policeman. I heard a cry of "Stop thief" in Fleet-street—I ran to the top of Water-lane, and found the prisoner in custody of the prosecutor and a gentleman—I searched him at the station-house,

and found a screw-driver, a key, a bag, and a lucifer box, upon him.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there a woman produced as a witness at one examination who was not produced afterwards? A. A woman was there—she was not examined—she said she could not swear to the man.





JOHN BRADFORD

re-examined. I lost a tea-caddy and sugar-basin, which have not been recovered.




GUILTY
—of Stealing only. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.
