



1092. 




MARY WRAY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th of April, 1 trunk, value 3s.; 1 night-gown, value 1s.; 1 gown, value 6d.; 5 caps value 2s.; 4 yards of net, value 8d.; 1 knife, value 2d.; and 3 yards of calico, value 1s. 6d. the goods of 



Mary M'Crawney.






MARY M'CRAWNEY
. I came from Cork by the Ocean. I came up the Thames, and got on shore at St. Katharine's Dock on Wednesday morning—the prisoner came with me—I never saw her before—she said she had three sisters and a mother in Whitechapel, and that she carried on the laundry business—I was coining here to look for a situation—she said that she would befriend me, and take me to her mother's place, and that she hired persons sometimes, having more work than she could do—I depended on her, and thought she would befriend me—I had a trunk—it contained a night-gown, a gown, caps, some calico, and the other things mentioned in the indictment—we went together to a public-house—I paid for her crossing in a small boat—I paid her passage, and she told me to put the trunk in a. public-house while we went to see for lodgings—she got away from me—I afterwards found my trunk was fetched from the public-house—cried and screamed, and did not know what to do till the policeman took me.





THOMAS WARD
. I am a pawnbroker, and live with Mr. Upsall, in

Ratcliff-highway. I took in this piece of calico, which was pawned by the prisoner on the 4th or 5th of April.





ELISABETH ADAMS
. I keep a public-house in Castle-street, East Smith-field. The prisoner and the prosecutrix came with the trunk one Wednes day morning, about eight o'clock—it was left there—they did not remain there above ten minutes—they said I was not to give it to any one but them—I did not know which it belonged to—the prisoner came and had it about four o'clock.





RICHARD BARBER
 (police-constable N 250.) I found the prisoner about seven o'clock that evening, very drunk, and making a disturbance in a cook-shop—I saw her again about eight o'clock, making a disturbance, and I took her to the station—while she was there I received information that the bundle she had was stolen—it contained the night-gown, the gown, and other things—I found the prosecutrix—the trunk is lost, but here are the other things.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
