





2358. 



HENRY WILLIAM WICKETT,


 JOHN TOWNSEND
, and 



JOHN FRY
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
16th of August, 13 yards of woollen cloth, value 4l., the goods of 



Thomas Spence.






THOMAS SPENCE
. I live in Throgmorton-street. About twelve o'clock, on the 16th of August, Wickett and Fry came to my shop for a pair of straps—I got out a pair of double bose straps—Fry was behind me—Wickett said he wanted a pair like those Fry had on—they were brass ones—I said, "I don't sell them"—I gave him a pair of single hose straps, and at that time heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw a bustle in the street, and to my surprise saw a piece of cloth, which I supposed came out of my shop—Wickett ran out to my right and Fry to the left, and I saw no more of them till I got to the Mansion-house, where I found my cloth, which I had seen safe five minutes before—it has my hand-writing on it—nobody had been in the shop but the prisoners after I had seen it safe.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you see either of the prisoners with your cloth? A. No—I saw it in somebody's hands in the middle of the street—I believe it was in Forrester's hands.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was it while you were talking to Wickett about the straps that you heard the cry of "Stop thief?" A. Yes, while I was giving him a pair of straps.






DANIEL FORRESTER
. I am an officer. About half-past twelve o'clock, on I the 13th of August, I was by the Bank, and saw the three prisoners going down Bartholomew-lane—I knew them before by sight—two walked on the right hand side, and one on the left—I kept some distance behind—they were very near together at first—Townsend crossed over to the left hand—they walked on, turned into Throgmorton-street and when I got into Throgmorton-street, I saw nobody but Townsend—he was standing nearly opposite the prosecutor's shop—I stood under Angel-court, and in a short time Townsend crossed over, and stood under Shorter's-court, within about two doors of the prosecutor's house—I looked out again, and then Townsend came towards me with this bag, and the cloth in it—when he saw me come out of the court, he rather faltered—I laid hold of him—he struggled, but I held him tight, and took him to the prosecutor's shop—Fry was standing at the door—I took hold of him—he struggled—I saw Wickett in the shop talking to the prosecutor—he rushed out very quickly—I called out, and he was secured—Fry got from me, and left his coat and hat behind him, but he was secured.

Townsend's Defence. I was going down Throgmorton-street, and saw something in an entry—I took it up to see what it was, and was coming across the road, when Forrester took me.

WICKETT*—


GUILTY
.

TOWNSEND†—


GUILTY
.

FRY*—


GUILTY
.





Transported for Seven Years.
