





992. 
               
                  
                     JESSE 
                     BATTLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of May
, 10 live tame pigeons value 9s.
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Kew
               




            .
WILLIAM DEXTER. I live in Leman-street, Goodman's fields. I had some tame pigeons to take care of for William Kew; they were fastened up on the top of some stables in George-yard


; they could not get out - on the 7th of May, I missed ten of them - I knew them perfectly well - we have since seen nine of them - the prisoner's father is a horse-dealer, and his stables join to mine - I had not seen the prisoner there for some time.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KEW
               



            . These pigeons belong to me; I can swear to them - I heard they were lost, and went to Leadenhall-market, but could not find them - we then went to Mr. Stevens, and found these nine, which I can swear to by their marks.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRANT
               



             (police-constable, H 76). I went to the place where the prosecutor found these pigeons; he picked them out from three different cages.


                  BERJAMIN 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a pigeon-dealer, and live at No. 26, Slater-street. I bought these pigeons of the prisoner and another young man, last Tuesday week; they asked me 8s. for them - I asked the prisoner what was his reason for parting with them, he said because he had lost so many - I said 8s. was more than they were worth; I gave him 6s. 3d. for them.


                  JAMES 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner; he said he received the pigeons at four o'clock in the morning.
Prisoner's Defence. They were brought to me by two young men, whe asked me to go with them to sell them' which I did.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
