





1387. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PERKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 27th of February
, 1 sovereign, the money of 
                     
                        
                           John Clements 
                           Pink
                        




                     
                  , well knowing it to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute, &c.
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  CLEMENTS PINK
               



            . I kept the King's Arms, Green-bank, Wapping
; my son James is nearly twelve years old - I have been in the habit, for the last twelve months, of entrusting my bar to him in the morning before I was up - he had access to the till; he was so employed on the 27th of February last. I missed money at different times, particularly about three or four months ago, when I had a payment to make; I could not make my payments, as I formerly did, and I could not account for it, I received a letter on Trinity-Monday, and on my son's coming in I showed it him - he immediately made a communication to me respecting my loss, and he wrote down the whole, to the best of his knowledge, I believe; the prisoner was in custody at the time - I do not know that I had seen him before.


                  JAMES 
                  PINK
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son; I had the care of his till and the bar before he got up. The prisoner first came to me about three months after last Easter twelve months; he said he knew all the transaction between me and Stapleton, and if I did not give him money, as well as I had Stapleton, he would tell my father that I had robbed him - the first time I saw Stapleton he came,and said he was in great distress: I lent him 1s.; he said he would pay me again, and told me not to tell my father of it; he came the next morning, and said if I did not let him have another 1s. he would tell my father what I had done; I gave him another 1s. - he came the following morning, and said if I did not give him half a crown he would tell my father; he continued to come for about three months; sometimes every morning in the week, and sometimes he would omit a day or two - the smallest sum he ever had was 1s.; the prisoner afterwards came, and had money in the same way; I remember giving him a sovereign, about the 27th of February; he said if I did not give it him he would tell my father I had robbed him; I got that sovereign from the cash-box, when I went with the key to get change - I gave the sovereign to the prisoner in Princes-street; I did not tell him where I got it - he had come in the early part of the morning to my father's house, and asked for it; I took it out of the cash-box, about nine o'clock - I met him about six in the evening, and gave it him, about three hundred yards from my father's; I was to meet him on the pier-head, but as I was going on an errand I met him in Princes-street; he asked if I had got it - I told our pot-boy, who was with me, to step aside, and I gave the prisoner the sovereign; the potboy was not near enough to see what passed - there was a boy named Lewis at the end of the street, right opposite to us; the prisoner always knew where I got the money from.
Prisoner. What money I had of him was to buy things for him; I did not have it myself. Witness. All I had of him was a plane, a hammer, and a small pocket-pistol; I gave him altogether about 25l.


                  GEORGE 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I live with my uncle, who is a pilot, and am twelve years old. I saw the prisoner and 
               
                  James 
                  Pink
               



             in Princes-street; I saw Pink give him a sovereign; I was at the corner, and saw it in his hand - I live at No. 49, Berwick-street; this was about five months ago.


                  GEORGE 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner on this charge on the 19th of June; he was then in the House of Correction - I told him what I took him for, but made use of no threat or promise to him; he stated to me that he had been very uneasy about it, and as soon as he was liberated from the House of Correction he intended to have gone to Mr. Pink's, and made disclosure of the whole matter; he then began to relate the circumstances to me - I cautioned him that what he said I should be obliged to state to the Magistrate - he said he had made up his mind to tell the truth, and he would tell me; he then said he had received in gold, from young Pink, upwards of 50l., and at various times he had received silver, which he supposed altogether might be 80l. or 90l. - he did not say exactly the time, but said it had been going on for some months, and on one occasion, he had received eight sovereigns.


                  JAMES 
                  PINK
               



            . The largest sum I ever gave him was two sovereigns.
Prisoner. When I was brought from the House of Correction the officer asked me to have something to drink - I said half a pint of porter would do me good; they gave me ale, I believe, and I did not know what I said.


                  GEORGE 
                  ELLIS
               



            . He said he was very weak, and I gave him half a pint of porter and a biscuit.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
