






319. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BEVAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     BEVAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of December
, 1 cloak, value 20s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Mitchell
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I live in Titchfield-street. I went to a raffle on the 7th of December, and had a cloak, which I put over a bedstead up - it was in a poor person's room; the bed was turned up - I saw the made prisoner there; this is my cloak - I partly made it myself, and know my own work; the woman was not there - the man returned a little before eleven o'clock, and that excited my suspicion.
Charles Bevan. Q. Did you not borrow it? A. No, I bought it and paid for it.


                  LEONARD 
                  JAMES MITCHELL
               



            . I saw this witness at the raffle, and put the cloak over the bed, at half-past nine o'clock; the male prisoner came, took the cloak, and wrapped it up - I said, "What are you going to do with that?" he said, "Nothing, but keep it clean, and out of harm;" he afterwards pulled his coat off, and put that by the side of the bed - he went away about eleven o'clock, and put the coat under his arm; I did not see him take the cloak with him.


                  JOSIAH 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker. -This cloak was pawned by the female prisoner, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Smith
               



            ; I know nothing of her.
GOULD KNIGHT. I took up the prisoners from information, on Tuesday morning, the 8th; I took them in bed -I asked where the man was the night before; he said that was no business of mine-I asked how he got his living; he said that was no business of mine - I took him to the office, and when there the woman came, called me out, and said if I would let him go, she would give me the money - she had it in her pocket.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  Charles 
                  Bevan
               



            's Defence. A man asked me to make one at the raffle - I was there all the evening, drinking, dancing, and playing at cards, till near twelve o'clock.
C. BEVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
E. BEVAN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
