



1260. 




MARGARET WORTH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of April, at 
St. George, Hanover-square, I watch, value 4l.; 5 spoons, value 1l.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 10s.; 1 shawl, value 1l.; 2 pair of ear-rings, value 1l.; 1 locket, value 9s.; and 2 handkerchiefs, value 6d.; the goods of 



Robert Haggerstone, her master, in his dwelling-house.






ROBERT HAGGERSTONE
. I am a greengrocer, and live in Park-side, Knights bridge, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. I rent the house—on the night of the 16th of April, the prisoner came into my service, on a week's trial, as a yearly servant—she went away about ten o'clock next morning, without notice, and I missed a gold watch, and the articles stated in the indictment—I have found all except some books, which are not mentioned in the indictment—she was taken into custody last Sunday.





GEORGE M'LEOD NORMAN
. I am shopman to Mr. Ayre, of Onslow-place, Fulham, a pawnbroker. I have a watch pawned on the 18th of April, for 10s. by the prisoner.

Cross-examined, by
MR. STURGEON. Q. What is the value of it? A. The outside value, is 15s.; I would not give more for it.





DAVID GRIFFITHS
. I am the prisoner's father. The policeman applied to me, and I gave him five tea spoons, a pair of sugar-tongs, four ear-rings, and a locket—I received these things from my daughter, on Good Friday morning—about half past ten o'clock, when I met her in the street—shehad been absent some time—I did not know where she was lodging—she is married—she said she was living at No. 12, Sloane-street—she would give me no account of the articles—I took a basket from her with them in it, in the street, but she ran away from me.

Cross-examined. Q. She bears a good character? A. Yes; but has been seduced by a soldier.





ROBERT HAGGERSTONE

re-examined. These things are mine; the watch cost 6l. two years ago, and is worth 4l.

Cross-examined. Q. What is the value of the spoons? A. 1l.; the sugar tongs, 10s.; the shawl cost me two guineas, and is nearly new—I do not know the value of the ear-rings—the prisoner left the tops of them behind.






GEORGE NORMAN

re-examined. The ear-rings are worth 7s., they are Birmingham manufacture—the spoons and tongs, are worth ahout 5s., as old silver—they are old fashioned, and engraved—I could sell as good a shawl as this, for 15s.

Prisoner. I was persuaded to do it.




GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. Aged 22.



Transported for Fourteen Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Justice Park.

