






31. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WATTS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of November
: 10 gold seals, value 8l. 16s.; 1 gold chain, value 4l. 13s.; 2 gold keys. value 17s., and 2 gold brooches, value 45s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Knight
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM KNIGHT. I am a jeweller
, and live in Banner-street. On the 6th of November I went to show a lady some jewellery, at the foot of Stamford-hill; Mr. Powell was with me - I left one gold chain at the lady's house, and brought away the articles stated in the indictment - they were in a parcel in the breast pocket of my coat; I was coming home with Mr. Powell, and we went to have a glass of brandy and water at a public-house near the bridge in the Kingsland-road


, kept by Mr. Taplin - it was then about seven o'clock; it rained and blew hard - when we came out the two prisoners stood outside, and they asked my friend to treat them with a drop of gin; we then all went into the house, and each of us had a glass of gin, some ale, a biscuit, and cheese - the whole reckoning came to 1s. 6d., which Mr. Powell paid; we had it standing at the bar - we did not sit down; we came out together - the prisoners, who were strangers, followed us; when we came to the foot of the bridge there was a turning - I crossed, and wished for them to leave us; I had been talking with Watts, and Powell with Miller; all on a sudden Miller came up to me, took hold of my coat, and said, "Come down here, come down here;" Watts was close to her - I resisted and got from her, and when I turned round, to my great surprise, my friend was gone, but the two women were with me; I did not then miss my property, but I got from the prisoners, and proceeded home; when I got to Bunhill - row I missed my property: I went home, called up my son, and we went back to the public-house - Mr. Taplin said he knew one of the girls; the prisoners were taken up before I knew it, and on the Monday following I saw them in custody - I am sure the property was safe when they came to me; I was perfectly sober.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAM POWELL
               



            . I went with Mr. Knight to the lady, to show the jewellery - he brought away the articles in his side coat pocket; we met with the prisoners near the bridge in the Kingsland-road - I went away, and left him with the prisoners; I believe this chain to be part of the property - he was sober.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Had you dined with him? A. No - I consider him sober; the prisoners were at the door, and accosted us - we had had three separate glasses of brandy and water at three different houses - I had had something more in the course of the day, and I believe we had a small quantity of spirits at the lady's house; I drank but a very small quantity of the ale - there was a pot of ale ordered and half a pint of gin; I was perfectly sober - the prosecutor did not go out; I cannot tell the distance he had got before he missed his property - it might be a mile.


                  CHARLES 
                  WALLER
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I fell in with the two prisoners a little after eight o'clock on Saturday, the 6th of November, in Kingsland-road; and in consequence of what I had heard from a brother officer, I stopped them - I saw a gold chain on Miller's neck; I asked where she got it - she said a gentleman gave it to her; my brother officer took hold of the chain, and it came off:Miller then said, "George Bayley hawks them about at 1s. 3d. a piece;" Watts was gone at this time - my brother officer went to a pawnbroker, to ask if the chain was gold- he returned, and said it was fine gold; while he was gone Miller said, "I have a brooch in my bosom - perhaps you would like to look at that;" I said Yes - she put her hand in her bosom, and took it out; I looked at it, and thought it was not gold, but I took her into a public-house; I found nothing else on her - I took Watts on the Sunday evening; she said she had not been with Miller -I said she had, and had been drinking with her in Kingsland-road - she said she had not, but afterwards said she was with her, and had drank with her, but she was not the party who had robbed the gentleman, and what Miller had done she could not help; I then took her to the publican, who identified her.
Cross-examined. Q. Then Miller produced the brooch of her own accord? A. Yes - it was about a quarter of a mile from the place where the robbery is supposed to have been committed; she did not say she had kicked against the parcel, and foolishly put the chain about her neck, instead of inquiring for the owner - she said she had found it - the publican is not here.


                  GEORGE 
                  COLLIER
               



            . I was with this witness, and went to inquire if the chain was gold - Miller had produced the brooch before I came back.


                  JOHN 
                  JONES PRICE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Wentworth-street, Whitechapel. I have a brooch and two small seals, pawned by Watts, on the 6th of November, in the evening - I am quite certain of her person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I have no doubt this is my property.
Cross-examined. Q. Is there a button to the side pocket of your coat? A. Yes, but it was not buttoned; I had a guinea in that pocket - I had not gone out of the house before the prisoners came to me; I am certain I could not drop this parcel, which contained - lb. of gold, without missing it, but I did not miss it till I got to Bunhill-row; I had no handkerchief in that pocket - I do not recollect stopping in going home; I have no partner.
Watts. He never mentioned about a guinea before; he went out, and left me in care of his umbrella. Witness. That is not true - I had no umbrella, and did not go out.
Miller's Defence. We did not know who these things belonged to; we staid a quarter of an hour in the public-house - the reason I gave three different accounts was because another officer stopped me.
WATTS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
MILLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Life
            .
