





414. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of December
, 1 truck, value 50s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Adam 
                     Edwards
                  




               
            .


                  MAURICE 
                  NICHOLAS
               



             (Police-constable E 10.) On the evening of the 26th of December, I was called to Mr. Gummer's, in Buckeridge-street; I found the prisoner there, and this trunk; he said he had bought it a year ago for 18s., but he had been gambling, and lost money, and he wanted 8s. on it - I took him.
ADAM EDWARDS. On the 26th of December the prisoner applied to me for a truck for Mr. Benham; he told me he had been employed by him to draw some tins from Thames-street - I knew Mr. Benham, and lent it him at 4d. an hour, but not knowing the prisoner I watched him, and saw him go into Mr. Benham's shop - he came out again, and went in the direction of Wood-street; the truck is mine.


                  JOHN 
                  BENHAM
               



            . I keep a tin-shop in Fore-street. The prisoner had no authority from me to obtain the truck; I never saw him till he came into the shop on the 26th of December, and asked my mother to direct him to Mr. Lewis, a grocer, he then went out, and took the truck away.


                  WLLIAM 
                  GUMMER
               



            . I live in Buckridge-street. The prisoner brought the truck to my house, and asked if I wanted to buy it - he said he had been gambling and lost his money; he offered it to me for 8s; I thought it could not be right; I got the officer to take him.
Prisoner. I was not the person who offered it for sale. Witness. Yes he was - he brought the truck to the door, and stood by the side of it till he was taken.



               GUILTY
            *. Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
