




362. 




FRANCIS MORRIS
 and 



ELLEN MORRIS, alias
 Minahan

, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
25th of October, 1 watch, value 3l. 10s., and 1 watch-key, value 10s.; the goods of 



John Wooller Johnson, from his person.


MR. LORD
conducted the Prosecution






JOHN WOOLLER JOHNSON
. I live in Pleasant-row, Stepney-green, and am a butcher. I was returning along Mile-end-road, on the 25th of October, at half-past one o'clock in the morning—when I got to Mile-endgale I pulled out my watch, and it was right—it was tied round my neck with a black ribbon—I missed it when I got home, about half-past two o'clock—I had lain down, in going along, on a bench at the White Horse public-house—I was aroused twice—the first time, I cannot say by whom,—but the second time, it was by a policeman—this is my watch, and the one I lost—(looking at it)—I know it by the maker's name, and the appearance—I was drunk.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Your impression was, that when you found yourself pulled or shaken, it was by a policeman? A. Yes, the second time—I only saw one person.





EDWARD WILLIAM HUMBERSTONE
. I am shopman to Mr. Jones, a pawnbroker in Holborn. The prisoner, Ellen Morris, came to me on the 27th of October, and offered this watch in pledge—I asked her whose it was, she said her husband's, that her name was Williams, and she lived in Parker-street, her husband was a plumber and painter, and worked in the Strand—she did not give what I considered a satisfactory account, and I went for an officer—as I returned I saw the prisoner, Francis Morris, waiting outside—and on my going in at the side-door, he called the woman out—I directed the officer to follow and take her—she had left the watch behind her—I then went to the George-street station, and took the watch—the inspector told me to send the watch to the gentleman at Mile-end, as there was some little difference in the description, and the gentleman would know it—(I had received notice of it)—the prisoner, Francis Morris, said he had bought the watch, and given 10s., and an old metal watch in exchange for it—he is a policeman, and had his police uniform on, and his great coat buttoned up close.

Cross-examined. Q. He went to the police-station of his own accord? A. That I cannot say—I did not give him into custody.






HENRY REEVE
 (police-constable E 125.) I was spoken to by Mr. Humberstone about a watch—I then went after the prisoner, Ellen Morris—I took her to the station-house.





SAMSON DARKIN CAMPBELL
. I am an Inspector of police. I received information respecting the stealing of this watch—the prisoner, Francis Morris, came to the station-house of his own accord—he was dressed as a policeman in his uniform—he inquired whether we had a female in custody on suspicion of having stolen a watch—(the watch was supposed to have been stolen in the K or Mile-End division, which was the prisoner's own division)—I asked him how be came to know any thing of it—he said, early in the morning he had sent the female, who was his wife, to pledge the watch in Holborn, and finding she did not return, he started from home to look for her, and passing through Middle Row, he met a female friend, who told him she had been taken to the station-house on suspicion of having stolen the watch—he said that on Thursday morning, the 25th of November, he had been to a public-house in Mileend-road, where he met a person with whom he had exchanged a metal watch of his own, and had given 10s. for that one—he stated that there was only the watch, without any ribbon or appendage attached to it—he said he was married, and I asked him where, he said, in Ireland—in consequence of what he said, I said I should detain him—I then sent for the prisoner Ellen Morris into the charge-room, and asked her what her husband was—she said, "a painter and glazier"—I said, "Is he not in the police?"—she then burst into tears, and said, "He is—I know nothing of the watch—I never saw it till this morning"—I found the key of the watch at the prisoner Francis Morris's lodgings.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose persons do not get into the Police without having a good character? A. Certainly not—I do not know who recommended the prisoner to the police, it was some nobleman.





ANTHONY RUTT
. I am an Inspector of the K division of police. The prisoner Francis Morris was in that division—I did not see him on the morning of the 25th of October, but that day the prosecutor gave me information of the loss of a watch and key, and gave me a description of it, which I read over in presence of the prisoner Francis Morris, the same night—I asked him whether he recollected having seen a man half-drank and asleep on a bench, and he said he had not.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you aware that the description given of the watch differs from the watch in the number? A. It does.





WILLIAM YEOMAN
 (police-constable K 57.) I was on duty on the morning of the 25th of October, in the Mile-end-road—I saw the prisoner Francis Morris on duty that morning—he was on the beat where this felony was said to have been committed—he was alone—he was on duty from nine o'clock at night till six o'clock in the morning—I saw him several times—I saw him between one and two o'clock that morning.





WILLIAM ISAACS
 (police-constable K 223.) I saw both the prison on the morning of the 25th of October—they were first standing in Mutton-lane, which leads from the Mile End-road to Redman's-row—that is about 300 yards from the White Horse public-house—the place where the supposed felony was committed—I saw them at two or three places.

FRANCIS MORRIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

ELLEN MORRIS—


NOT GUILTY
.



Transported for Ten Years.
