



1057. 




ROBERT MIERS
 was indicted

, for that he on the 
28th of January, unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously did set fire to a certain house in his was possession, in the parish of 



St. Marylebone, with intent to injure and defraud 




John Rogers, Chairman, for the time being, of the Union Society for affecting insurance from fire, &c.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be, to injure and defraud 




Thomas Lewis, Secretary of the said society—3rd COUNT, stating the house to belong to 



John Warden, and his intent to be, injure and defraud him.


MESSRS. F. KELLY, CLARKSON, and
DOANE, conducted the Prosecution.





THOMAS LEWIS
. I am secretary to the Union Fire Office—Mr. John Rogers is the chairman of that society—we were both filling those situations the 20th of last January. I produce a policy of Insurance effected by the prisoner, Mr. Miers, on the 12th of January, 1838—this insures 300l. on household furniture, apparel, plate, printed books, wine and other liquors in private use, (the words are written in the form, not printed;) 10l. on china, glass, and looking-glass plates; 50l. on watches and trinkets; and 2500l. on utensils and stock in trade, in his dwelling-house, 28, High-street, Marylebone—this is the second policy—here is also a former policy efflected by the prisoner—it is dated 20th of January, 1837—the items are the same in this as the other, except the stock, which was 3000l.—in the second is reduced to 2500l., which is 500l. less than the first I produced—the stock, in this policy, is represented to be in his dwelling-house, 184, oxford-street—it is in the same words as the other.

Q. Will you be, so good as to look at the first policy, and tell me whether there is aa indorsement on it denoting that the goods had been removed? A. Yes; that is on the policy of the 20th of January, 1837—be indorsement is dated 2nd of June, 1837, and states, "Removed to his swelling-house only, situated No. 28, High-street, Marylebone"—that policy was cancelled by the other being issued—there is no formal canceling at the back of it—that is not our course of business—the date of it is 20th of January, 1837, but it commences from the 25th of December, 1836, on the 25th of December, 1837, and then expires, as it is from year to year—the latter policy commences from the 25th of December, 1837.





GEORGE CAMPION
. I have been agent for the Union Insurance Office or the Eastern parts of the Metropolis—I know the prisoner—I never saw him tell he called on me after the fire—I knew his brother—it was on

Monday morning, the 22nd of January, that the prisoner called on me, in consequence of what passed between us, I accompanied him that day the Union Insurance Office.

Q. Did you afterwards, at the suggestion of the prisoner, or with prisoner's consent, act for him in preparing with him any statement of loss? A. Yes—I went with him in the first place to Mr. Toplis, to with him—Mr. Toplis is the general agent of the office—the Insurance office is in Cornhill—I prepared, at the prisoner's dictation, a statement his claim—(Mr. Toplis here produced the claim)—this is the claim I made out—I sent that to Mr. Toplis on the 1st of February—I prepared that papers produced to me by the prisoner, and from statements he made—I had perhaps four or five interviews with the prisoner before it was completed. he furnished me with the particulars out of which I made the inventory—had those interviews with him in my own office in Bishopsgate-street—I accompanied me to Mr. Toplis in the first instance.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Where did you sign this? A. In my own office—Mr. Toplis was not present—this is not the original that the prisoner gave me—he did not give me this—he gave me papers from which I took it—there was a rough draft made out by me at first—it is not the only draft I drew out by his directions—he had a copy of it—I drew it out in my book in the first instance.

Q. Did the prisoner ever correct a draft that you drew up, "stating that it was incorrect and full of errors? A. Yes—that was a second claim—this bears date the 1st of February—that is the true date of it—it was signed by me on the 12th of February—it was signed on the day it bean date, or thereabout—it was presented to the prisoner, and he looked over it before it was delivered—I signed it about that date, or previous it—it was made out for the inspection of my employer.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Take that in your hand again—you see at the end of the entitling of it is written, "by George Campion, auction and valuer, Bishopsgate-street, February 1st, 1838?" A. Yes—it was delivered on that day—I have again signed it at the end as a declaration—that was on the 12th, when we both appeared before Mr. Toplis—nothing passed after the delivery of it on the 1st between the prisoner, myself or Mr. Toplis on the subject of the inventory, except the appointment an interview to go into it—no alteration was made in that copy between the 1st, when I delivered it to Mr. Toplis, and the 12th, when I delivered it as a statement—after Lmade out that inventory I made out a copy for the prisoner and I had a conversation with him on the evening of the on the subject of his copy—that was previous to this being subscribed me, and dated 12th February—this is the copy I delivered to the prisoner—(looking at it)—I gave him that copy three or four days previous to the 12th—I had some conversation with him at my office on the evening of the 12th, before we went to Mr. Toplis—he then said the original inventory was incorrect—he said things had been stated in error in my original copy, and were not on the premises on the night of the fire—he brought his copy to me with some articles struck out, stating that they were not on the premises at the time of the fire, and that the statement was incorrect in that respect—he did not give me any intimation of that before the 12th of February—the first correction I observe is written in the margin respecting the wine and spirits, at page 5—there is written in the margin that the spirits and wine were in the parlour-closet instead of the wine-bin—I cannot say in whose writing these marginal notes are—that is the way in which the prison brought

it to me—in page 7 the balance ivory-handled knives and forks, valued at guineas; twenty-four ditto, dessert, 1l. 14s., and one pair of carvers, 8s., in the back parlour ground floor, are all struck out; and in the margin is written, Mistake, sold to Midgley about June last"—the next is at page 5, two large clothes-brushes, 5s., in the front room, second floor—they are struck out, and twice entered" written in the margin—the next articles are under the head of w apparel, two black silk handkerchiefs, 10s. "twice entered" is written in the margin, and the articles struck out—the next is under the head baby-linen, six long muslin robes, 5l. 10s.; six muslin petticoats, 1l. 10s.; 6 monthly gowns, 2 guineas; six long cloth night ditto, 1l. 4s.; four night flannels, 1l. 18s.; six day flannels, 2l. 12s.; twelve diaper napkins, 18s.; twelve lawn shirts, 1l. 10s.; twelve fine diaper pinafores, 1l. 4s. six French cambric caps, 25s.; six lace ditto, 10s.; one satin pincushion, 15s., these were all struck out—under the head of Mrs. Mien's wearing apparel, there are dresses, 5l. 10s., struck out, and "mistake" written in the margin; six pockets, 6s., struck out, and "mistake" written in the margin; one India crape dress, 1l. 10s., "not our own" written in the margin; one ging-ham umbrella, struck out, and "twice entered" written in the margin—under the head of watches and trinkets there is, silver bells and coral, page 7, struck out, and the words "see Midgley" written in the margin—those are the whole of the alterations suggested by the prisoner on the 2th of February—the alterations were already made in the list when he brought it it to me—those are the alterations between the copy delivered to Mr. Toplis on the 1st, and the one the prisoner brought me on the 12th.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Now, Mr. Campion, did not the prisoner refuse to sign that inventory as of the date of the 1st of February? He refused to sign it altogether—he did not refuse on the ground that dough it was to be signed on the 12th, I was dating it as if it was signed on the 1st—I am not aware that he offered to sign his own corrected list, did not, to my knowledge—he did not sign it, and therefore Mr. Toplis failed on me to sign the declaration—he did not offer to sign his own corrected list, to my knowledge—I should think I could not forget it if he did—he did not, to my knowledge—how can I swear positively? I know of to such thing—Mr. Toplis, Mr. Rickards, and his clerk, were present. Q. On your oath, did not Mr. Toplis interfere to prevent Mr. Miers signing his own corrected list? A. Not to my knowledge—I have no recollection of it—I never heard him offer to sign it—he refused to sign one list I believe because he said it was incorrect—he said it was incorrect, and therefore he would not sign it—it was the first one he refused to sign, which is the one I had made out, which he had not corrected, dated the 1st of February, and that is the inventory I signed for him on the 12th—he refused a sign the inventory—I cannot say whether he refused to sign the declaration at the end of it—Mr. Toplis asked him on the 12th to sign the inventory, and he refused, on the ground that it was incorrect—it was after he refused to sign the inventory that I wrote this declaration, but the same night—that is a declaration of mine—I have read it—it is a declaration of mine—I do not conceive that Mr. Miers was asked to sign that declaration—I believe he was not, because it is a declaration of my own—I can say no more.

Q. Now, were you acting as his agent, as well as agent of the Union? A. In that capacity I was not acting for the Office, but for him, and I expected to be paid by him—I got the whole of his books, for what I know, as his agent—he delivered them himself to Mr. Toplis on the 12th of February—I did not deliver them.


Q. How many books had you from him to help to make out these accounts? A. (reading)"Delivered to Mr. Campion, all my books as follows:—one ledger, one day-book, one stock-book, one paper case, containing invoices, and one brown paper parcel containing bills of parcels, signed Robert Miers"—the declaration at the end of the inventory is not in my handwriting, it is Mr. Toplis's—the signature is mine.

Q. Now I ask you, did not Mr. Toplis, in your presence, twice delivery pen with ink in it into the prisoner's hands, and ask him to sign that declaration before you signed it? A. I am not aware of it—I believe not—it did not take place that I know of—I will not swear positively—he did either not the pen into his hands, or offer it to him to sign the inventory, but I because not to sign the declaration—I am not aware of his asking him to do so—I believe he did not—not the declaration—I was present—he did not put the pen into his hands, and ask him to sign the declaration in my presence hearing, that is my present impression—I know of no such thing—I have been an agent to the Union for some years—I have acted in a good many claims and concerns in effecting insurances.

Q. When you were employed by Mr. Miers, did you tell him you had occasionally acted as agent for the Union in effecting insurances? A. Yes, he insured through me—I gave him a copy of the first inventory—he applied for it one day, and I think he had it the next—I think it was about the 9th that I furnished him with the copy—he applied for it somewhere about the 8th—I believe it was about the 8th or 9th—it was certainly not the 6th or 7th that he applied—I am now looking at my inventory book—I think it was about the 8th I furnished him with the copy—I have not the day entered—it is possible it may have been on the 6th that he applied to me—I have said before it was about the middle, between the 1st and the 12th.

MR. KELLY. Q. I think the 4th of February was on a Sunday, are you sure it was not till after Sunday, the 4th of February, that he applied to you for the copy? A. It was after Sunday, the 4th of February—when I delivered the first inventory (No. 1.) to Mr. Toplis, on the prisoner's authority on the 1st of February, it had not this declaration on it—I then delivered it as a claim of Mr. Miers so far as he had insured—Mr. Miers came to me again about the time mentioned, and stated that there were several things which were wrong, and asked me to make him a copy for his own private use—I do not recollect any thing he particularly mentioned then except the coral—he said he had no copy of the slips of paper he had given me and he wished to have a copy for his private use to see what was claimed—I do not recollect any thing else taking place then—he took the copy away next day—I think he mentioned the bells and coral on the first day—he said there were several things incorrect, and I think he mentioned the bells and coral—he said that the lists that were given me were made out in enter—I think I gave him the copy the next day—this is the copy I gave him, (No. 2,) the day or two days after he asked for it—I really cannot recollect whether I had any further conversation with him respecting the corrections or mistakes when I gave him the copy—I think I saw him once or twice after, between then and the 12th, on the subject of the details.

Q. Do you remember on either of those occasions, or on any occasions down to the 12th, whether he pointed out or spoke of any other errors, omissions, or corrections, except such as appear on that copy? A. I really cannot recollect—I have no recollection that he said there were any other errors—I saw him on the 12th in Mr. Toplis's office—we met there by appointment—I had made the appointment with Mr.

Miers about seven o'clock in the evening—we met at Mr. Toplis's own private house in Bridge-street—only one inventory was produced in the first instance—that was No. 1.—Mr. Toplis produced it—he had it previously—I believe Mr. Miers was requested to sign it—he then said he could not sign it because there were many errors in it—then Mr. Miers produced the copy I had given him, (No. 2,) which was intended for his own private use, marked as to errors—it was produced as altered by him-self, with the alterations which have been read—I have no recollection that the pointed out any errors besides those which were altered—Mr. Toplis asked him many questions about No. 2.—I cannot recollect exactly the particulars—there was a great deal of conversation between Mr. Toplis and the prisoner.

Q. I see, with regard to the amount of stock, these two statements completely agree as to the loss sustained at the fire, 3217l. 9s. 8d.—I want to know whether, during the whole of the conversation, any objection was made, or any error stated to have been committed with respect to the amount of the stock? A. I believe not—as far as I recollect, no error was pointed out except those mentioned in No. 2.—I think I recollect now that Mr. Toplis, after Mr. Miers refused to sign No. I, asked him to sign the other, No. 2.—I think so—I think he refused to sign it—he certainly did not sign it—I signed nothing except this declaration—I think we separated about half-past ten o'clock—we had been together from seven o'clock till half past ten o'clock.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you make out the copy for the prisoner on a Saturday night, and sit up till twelve o'clock to do it? A. I think it could not be on a Saturday night—I said I thought it was on the 8th or 9th—the 9th would have been Friday night—I do not think it could be Saturday night—it must have been on Friday night—I generally go out of town about five o'clock on Saturday nights, and I believe I did so that night—it could not be on Saturday night, according to the impression on my mind—I am not aware that I apologised to the prisoner on the Monday night, saying that it was not finished, and I wanted an additional paper to make it up—it could not have been on Monday, the 5th, that I delivered it.

Q. What makes you say, with any degree of certainty, that it was after Sunday, the 4th, you made the copy? A. I believe it was on the 8th or 9th—I have nothing entered relating to it—I have no book with me in which I enter what I do on any particular day, or How I pass my time—I have a day-book where the time is entered—that book is at home—I have no objection to bring it—this book I have here is a mere diary—here is entered on Monday, the 5th of February, "Received a letter of appointment from Mr. Toplia, and sent to make proper arrangements with Mr. Robert Miers—when I went to make that proper arrangement he was not in the way—It is not stated in that book that he was not in the way.

Q. Now, Mr. Campion, I see you have entered very minutely in this book a great many things concerning Mr. Miers, will you be kind enough to tell me whether you have any entry at all as to when you made out the copy for him? A. If I had I could have answered you—I have not answered any thing positively, only as to the impression on my mind—you would not have me state that which I do not know—there is an entry on the 9th of February—"Robert Mieres's"—"advertisement"—that does not relate to Mr. Miers—it was merely put down to remind me of certain things first respecting Mr. Miers, and next respecting an advertisement I had to

put in the paper—I do not recollect that I have any other diary but this book, but we have a day-book.





MR. JAMES TOPLIS
. I am a surveyor and appraiser, and act as agent for the Union and several other offices. I understood that Mr. Miers had insured some property in High-street, in the Union office—I heard of the fire on the Sunday morning—I believe the fire was on the Sunday morning, the 21st, and I was there about twelve o'clock at noon—I have general instructions from the office to investigate claims, and I took that step here—I met Mr. Campion on the Tuesday, as the agent of Mr. Miers—I declared his claim to be sent in, with a specification of the loss, and this inventory No. 1, was delivered to me on the 1st of February—it had not them the declaration at the end—in other respects it was exactly as it is now—the stock is mentioned in one round sum of 3200l. and odd pounds—no specification or intimation was given me at that time as a what that stock was, except what appears in that paper—I gave directions to have a specification of the stock charged to that amount—no books, papers, or vouchers were produced to me when that inventory was first delivered—I had appointments for Mr. Campion to attend me prior to the 12th of February, but they were not kept—we at last met by appointments on the 12th of February—until that time I had never seen the prisoner on this matter—I did not know him at all—at that interview I requested the particulars of his stock, and he produced to me some papers relating to as old stock taking.

Q. Had he before that put in his copy of the inventory? A. I cannot say which was done first—it was all simultaneous—he handed in an inventory which I have marked on the cover, No. 2.—when I asked him for the particulars of his stock, he produced some papers, which I have put together in the form they were in when I received them—he said they were the particulars of the stock taken on August 31, 1836—I asked him for the particulars of his private mark, which he gave me,—I have it here in his own handwriting—he said he had been engaged in making out the detail of the stock, and handed to me a list as far as he had gone—this is the list, which with these papers were given to him when he went away, and I became possessed of them at the hearing before the Magistrate—this list was, as I understood from him, a detail of the stock on the premises at the time of the fire as far as he had gone with it—he said the stock on August 31st, 1837, was as he stated in the several papers, and handed me papers of goods bought since, and here they are, and there is also a list of goods bought before—in support of the statement of the cash, he had taken since the stock was taken in 1836, he handed me in that paper, stating that the books which would have told the transactions were burnt—this was cash taken for goods sold—there were no other papers in reference to the stock—he brought his books, which I have here—he said two books, a cash-book, and what he termed a small ledger, which would have told the whole of the transactions had been burnt—other books had been preserved, and those he produced—I asked him How it was he gave me an account of the cash taken if the books were destroyed—he said he had received that account from his brother, that his brother attended once or twice a week, as he was largely indebted to him, and took from his books the account of the cash taken—he handed me a vast number of bills of parcels to confirm the buying which had taken place, to the amount of 400l.—many of the papers are duplicates—he left me with a promise to finish the detail account of the stock, which was to come to the sum he stated—I did not return the bills to him—I returned the stock-paper, and the account rendered of the

stock burnt—he did not ask for the books—I returned him all he wanted, and he promised to complete the account, to sustain the sum he had claimed—he did not say that there was any thing incorrect in the amount of the stock—no error whatever was pointed out as to the amount of the stock—I do not recollect whether the inventory or the stock papers were produced first—the inventory, No. 2., was produced with some erasures and corrections on it—he said he wished to take them out—I asked him to sign the original claim, No. 1., which it is the custom to get signed—he refused to sign it, and I wrote the declaration at the end of it as a qualification for him to sign it—Mr. Campion said he would sign it, and did—the prisoner himself refused to sign it—the declaration was put before him to sign, and he refused—(Declaration read)—"I hereby declare this claim to be made out from instructions and list given by Mrs. Miers, with the assistance of her servant and Mr. Miers; cut it is admitted that Mr. Miers shall have the opportunity to make such alterations as he can prove are in error—otherwise he hat refuted to sign the above—signed, GEORGE CAMPION. 12th February, 1838."

Q. He did not sign it? A. No, the alteration was made to meet hit views—the addition was made because he said he would sign it if it was added, but he refused to sign it, and on his doing to, a discussion took place respecting the corrections he had made in his copy of the inventory—he said Mrs. Midgley, the sister of hit wife, was about to be confined, and the baby linen had been lent to her, and the child's coral and bells—there is a note written in the margin "See Midgley" against that—I understood him that the coral was at Midgley's—I do not remember any thing else being said about the child's coral—I asked him what he meant by erasing some of these things, what was I to understand? (I had before this received certain information from some of the police), he said he had taken tome things to a house, he did not know the street, it was to a coffee top, a friend of Midgley, where he was known—I asked him if he had been there since he had left them—he said no, he thought he could find the shop, but did not know the person's name—he said that Midgley had been in his service up to May, and since May he had only had a boy and no shopman—he said Midgley had taken a shop, and fitted it up, in Crawford-street—that he advertised three times to open it, but had not opened it—I do not know that he said why in express words, but the meaning was that he could not obtain stock sufficient—he said he (the prisoner) had kept from four to six shopmen in Oxford-street from his commencement in October, 1835, I think till March, 1837, when he left—he said he considered his stock of the same value when he left Oxford-street, as when he took stock "August, 1836-it is stated as 3000l. odd in the paper—he said the stock was of that value—in the written inventory it is reduced to 2910l—he states it in a debtor and creditor's account—the turn of 1202l. 13s. it the amount "If stock he was getting forward to deliver to me—he gave me that, being the detail of the stock as far as he had gone, and I apprehend the numbers on it refer to the number of divisions or drawers, because he produced a plan of the shop—this paper is the statement of the stock at far at it went, but which he was to complete.

Q. Before he left on the evening of the 12th of February, did he say any thing as to How the fire happened? A. I asked him the particulars—he said he had turned off the gat before he left the shop, and went into his Parlour, he had been there a considerable time taking his supper, and from eleven to half-past eleven o'clock (I think he said) Mrs. Miers went up stairs to bed, the servant attending her to warm the bed—about half an

hour after, he went up stairs—his wife was in bed, and the servant is the room—that she stopped some few minutes, and then came down that the servant was down a short time, and I understood went up to call him, or told him that there was fire in the shop—he came down stairs, unlocked the door leading into the shop, which had a glass sash, and the shop was full of smoke—he returned up stairs to his wife, told her to get up and dress herself, for the shop was on fire—he soon came down stairs, and he and the servant procured a small quantity of water, and threw on the fire, and he left it—he said he had lost the two books I have referred to, but I understood nothing else but those, not of his books and papers—I asked him what servants he had—he told me he had taken a boy on the Friday preceding the fire, who was the only servant in the shop—he said he had taken the boy without a character, and the boy had gone out on Saturday afternoon to return at six o'clock, but had not returned, and he had not seen him since—he said he had given him leave to go out to fetch some things from Bermondsey—I understood him it was in the afternoon—he said the boy told him he had been in service at Chatham—he could not tell me the boy's surname, Christian name, or any thing about him—during the whole of the conversation he said nothing whatever of any error in his claim in respect of the stock.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long altogether did the into view last between you and the prisoner? A. I should think about two hours—it took place at my house in New Bridge-street—the solicitor's clerk was present—he came there by my directions, and Mr. Richards called in while we were so engaged—they were there a great part of the time, and Mr. Campion also—the prisoner and Mr. Campion came together—the first thing that took place when they came into the room was, I told him that that gentleman was the solicitor's clerk; and when Mr. Richards came in I told him he was the solicitor to the office.

Q. Did you not say when the prisoner first came in with Mr. Campice, that you had merely sent for him to sign the claim sent in by him, and would not detain him longer than to sign it? A. Certainly not—I cannot tell the exact period at which I asked him to sign the claim—it is very likely I might ask him to do it when he first came in, I cannot tell—I will not swear I did not ask him to do so the very first thing when he came in—I will not swear whether I put a pen into his hand, and asked him to sign the claim or not—I did not make any memorandum of my questions or the prisoner's answers—my account is generally from my recollection—the prisoner did refuse to sign the first inventory—that was why the qualification was put at the end—I can say distinctly that the qualification was put before the prisoner to sign, and then I asked Mr. Campion to sign it—Mr. Campion said he would sign it—he said he would sign it to prove to me that he had the prisoner's instructions to make out the claim—he said so at the time—I cannot tell whether it was before I asked him to sign it, or after—I requested him to sign it—I do not recollect whether I put the pen into his hand myself—I will not swear about it—there were two ink-stands and pens on the table—I will not swear who took them up—I will not swear I did not put a pen first into the prisoner's hand, and ask him to sign it, because I cannot recollect whether I did or not.

Q. I understand you to say he spoke about some stock of Midgley's, was there any thing in the inventory about that? A. No, there is no account of stock, except his own—he said Midgley had obtained goods from houses in the City, not paid for, to the amount of 180l.—he never told

me those were some of the goods left at the coffee-house—he did not tell me he had not included Midgley's goods, of the value of 180l., in the general account as claimed—he did not say so in those terms—I will tell you what he did say, he said when Midgley found he could not open the shop, he had goods to the amount of about 120l., and those were sent to his (Miers's) house, but were not in the claim, for something else was done with them; they never went into his stock—he said the goods sent to his house were about 120l. worth, the residue of the 180l.—he did not say that he had not included them in the general account—I was examined before the Magistrate—my deposition was read over to me—I called at the office after it was shut, and the clerk read it to me, and I signed it—I was only examined once at the office.
(The Court read from the witness's deposition as follows:)—"He had supplied Midgley with various goods for persons, but, ultimately, the whole stock was removed to his (the prisoner's) house—that he considered them the value of 180l., or thereabout, but he had not included them in the general amount as claimed here."

Q. When you were before the Magistrate, did you state any thing at all of what the prisoner said to you about the mode in which the fire occurred? A. I cannot recollect at the present moment the precise statement—when I asked him what he meant by erasing these things, I alluded to the articles the amount of 39l. struck out in the inventory—it was on that he said what I have mentioned about the coffee-house—he said he did not wish to say any thing about Mr. Midgley's affairs, as he was in some degree of trouble.

Q. Now, with respect to the gas, did not he tell yon he had turned off the gas in the shop, but he could not turn it off at the main? A. I have on recollection of the word main being mentioned—I will not swear it was not, but I have no recollection of it—I have no recollection of his speaking of the had state of the pipe—my impression is, that he did not mention about the gas being faulty, either at my house or any where else, in my presence—I will not swear he did not mention about the deranged state of the gas-pipe in the conversation at my house, but I believe he never said a word about the gas-pipe—I have no recollection of his saying any thing about the frost—I will not swear he did not—after he gave me all the papers and books, and made the statement to me, he left with a promise to supply the remainder of the account in a few days.

Q. Was he not, on going away with that promise, taken into custody immediately by an officer whom you had planted there? A. I did not plant the officer—the commissioners of police did—it was not by my application—I did not apply to them—he was to come to my house—I knew the officer would be there, but my advice was not to take him—one of the officers was stationed in the adjoining room—he could not hear what took place—it was before the interview that I advised the officer not to take him—I did not understand, from my conversation with the prisoner, that some of the 180l. worth of goods were the goods that were taken to the coffee house—I will swear nothing of the kind occurred in the whole course of conversation, because he never mentioned stock—I did not tell the policeman, after the prisoner had gone away, he must not take him—the policeman went out of the door, I believe, before the prisoner did—I am always concerned for six Fire-offices, and I settle for ten sometimes—I was concerned for the Sun Fire-office in the case of a person named Jacobs, who

was prosecuted here, which was afterwards referred to Mr. Justice Patteson, before he was a Judge—I have been concerned for the Sun Fire-officer nearly twenty-eight years—I was examined as a witness on that occasion in this Court—the prisoner was acquitted after a trial of twelve hours and a quarter—I was a witness before the arbitrator—I gave evidence on the side of the Fire-office—I have not assisted in getting up this case, or subpoenaing witnesses—the man Jacobs did not recover his claim—he did not recover one farthing on his stock—the mortgagee recovered his amount, but the man nothing.

Q. When Mr. Miers went away, did you expect he had gone away to come back in a few days? A. If you will allow me to explain—when information came to the police of goods being left at the coffee-shop, and they came to tell me they thought they were goods abstracted from the fire, I said, "How do you know it is the same person? let him make his claim to the goods, and then we shall know, but you may go and take up an innocent man"—I did not see the policeman after the prisoner went away—I had my doubts whether the prisoner was the man who had left the parcels—I always had my doubt of it.

MR. KELLY. Q. Did you apply to the police, or did they come to you A. They came to me most earnestly urging his being taken—I set my face against it, and endeavoured all I could to dissuade them—it was contrary to my wish that any policeman came and took him.
(The claim, No. 1, made by the prisoner was here read in part. The account of stock was as follows:—)

STOCK ACCOUNT.

Dr.
£ s. d.
Value of stock as taken on the 31st of Aug., 1836, as per stock-book... 2910 8 0
To goods purchased since the above date, as per vouchers... 2587 16 8
To ditto, in smaller sums, the vouchers being destroyed by the late fire, but can prove them by the makers... 100 0 0
Profits on return of £2580 16s. 8d... 400 0 0
£5998 4 8

Cr.

£ s. d.
By cash taken from the 31st August, 1836, to 20th January, 1838... 2580 15 ✗
By Boom debts, about... 200 0 ✗
By balance, the supposed loss by the Fire... 3217 9 ✗
£5998 4 0✗
To balance carried forward, £3217 9s. 8d.

SUMMARY, OR THE VALUATION AMOUNTS BROUGHT FORWARD.
Page £ s. d.
9. The balance on loss of the stock shown, as per papers delivered, the books in hand, or by a lengthened detail, as placed in all the various compartments of the shop, should it be particularly requested... 3217 9 8
9 Amount of fixtures and implements... 147 5 6
The Stock in trade, fixtures, and utensils... 3364 15 2
6 Household furniture, wearing apparel, plate, printed books, wine and other liquors... 380 5 0
7 Watches and trinkets... 45 7 6
7 China, glass, plate, and looking-glass... 24 12 0
£3814 19 8

(The claim. No. 2, was precisely the same, except that the articles stated in Mr. Campion's evidence were struck out.)





GEORGE TAYLOR
. I live at No. 29, Molyneaux-street, which is about half a mile from High-street—one end of it comes into Queen-street, and the other leads to Edgware-road. On the night of Saturday, the 20th of January last, I happened to be at the corner of Weymouth-street, between twenty and twenty-five minutes past twelve o'clock—it leads into High-street—I knew the house that was occupied by the prisoner before it was burnt down—it was at the corner of a street called Bowling-street, in High-street, on the northern side of Bowling-street—Bowling-street runs into High-street—I observed smoke issuing from the shutters, carrying a smell of fire with it—I knocked at the shutters, but received no answer, and I went to the private door—I knocked at the private door, and was answered by a female, who I supposed to be a servant—she came to the door—it was Ann Wright—when she opened the door I asked if there was any thing the matter in the shop—she answered, "It is a hit of an accident"—I looked into the shop, and saw it was full of smoke—I went into the passage, and looked through a door, which was half glazed—that was open, and I could look into the shop—I saw smoke coming from underneath the stall board of the window—I said to the girl, why did she not give some alarm—I thought the place was all on fire—there was a good deal of smoke in the shop—I observed some woollen goods or shawls hanging up in the shop, and observed an appearance of light through the shawls—I saw one, two, or three lights—they were in different parts of the shop—I staid there about five minutes—I did not see the prisoner or any part of the family, but the servant—I left, and went to the adjoining house—the fire appeared to grow up very rapidly indeed—when I first observed it in the shop it was nothing more than smoke, and in less than five minutes after it was all in a flame—there were gas burners in the shop—I did not observe any fire coming from under the stall-board when I first went, but I did about a quarter of an hoar after, when I returned—two gas-burners appeared to be nearly over the stall-board, and one to be nearly over the counter—I did not observe any flame at all near the stall-board when my attention was first called to the smoke under it, but I did when I came back the second time—it was then all in a blaze—I gave an alarm to Mr. Bicknells, next door—when I first observed the smoke issuing from the shutters I was outside.

Q. Was there a considerable quantity or a small quantity of smoke when you first observed it? A. It appeared to be coming over the whole of the shutters at the crevices at the top—I smelt fire as well—the smoke appeared to come in considerable quantities when I first saw it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. This was between twelve and one o'clock in the morning, I believe? A. It was—the shatters were closed—I was not able to discern a light between the crevices, only the smoke pouring through, similar to coming from a baker's shop—I believe there were several shawls in the shop, suspended on lines—I did not see any light from fire at first—I could not see the shawls afterwards—I saw a gas lamp burning at first—I saw that through the shawls—the shawls appeared to be hung across the gas lamp.

MR. Clarkson. Q. Then, according to your notion, did the gas appear to be burning in the proper gas-light? A. It did—I am positive of it, and that I observed through the shawls.





JOHN SIMMONDS
 I was a policeman in January last. I was on duty

on the night of the 20th of that month in High-street, and about half-past twelve o'clock a servant-girl came to me, and gave an alarm of fire—I went immediately to Mr. Miers's house, and went in at the side-door, in Bowling-street—that door opens into a passage, and then there is a glass door, which opens into the shop—the shop-door is in High-street—when I went in at the private door I looked through the glass door, and saw fire burning on the left-hand counter as I went in—it was a very small light, I should say, about a foot above the counter—Mr. Miers was in the passage as I went in—the same passage by which I entered—he was dressed the same as I am now, all but his hat—he had no hat on—his wife was with him—as I stood, the fire was on my left hand, at the stall-board, or counter.





GEORGE TAYLOR

re-examined. Q. What is the thing you call the stallboard, from under which you saw the smoke coming? A. The bottom of a shop-window made for goods to show.





JOHN SIMMONDS
 (continued.) The fire appeared to me to be on the counter—I saw distinctly the fire on the counter, and a small blaze on the top of it—that was all I observed at that moment—Mr. and Mrs. Miers were in the passage, and Mr. Miers said to me, "Do what you can, my shop is on fire"—I then immediately inquired for some water, and he said, "We have not got a drop, we are entirely frozen out"—at this time the smoke was very dense—in the meantime, while inquiring for some water, the servant girl brought up a small bucket of water—I threw that on the flames as well as I could—I then inquired for some more, and while I was passing the tub back, the girl brought a second pail of water—I threw that in the same place, but found it had no effect whatever—I then said the best way would be to go away—the people outside had broken does the shutters, and let the draught in, and the flames were bursting about—I saw Mr. Miers give his wife, I cannot say what, but it appeared to me like a box—I dare say it was about the length of this testament—it was like a small tea-caddy—I can compare it to nothing else—there were some papers in it, and he said to her, "My dear, be careful of this"—I immediately went out, as the smoke was so bad, and that was all I saw.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you take Mr. and Mrs. Miers out with you, or did they go out? A. They went out I suppose—I did not take them out—it was not safe to stay there—the phrase Miers used to me was, "Do what you can for me, my shop is on fire"—nothing else.

Q. On the oath you have taken was it not this, "Policeman, for God's sake do what you can, my shop is on fire?" A. Well it was to a similar effect—I did not think you would come so close to me—I have told you the plain truth—I have left the police—if you will inquire of the Commissioners they will explain why, I shall not tell you unless his Lordship requests it.

COURT. You had better answer it.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Why have you left the police? A. I dare say it is what you have been addicted to yourself—taking a drop too much—now I have told you—I was dismissed for drunkenness.

Q. How many complaints had been made against you before you were finally dismissed? A. Am I bound to answer that?—if you will inquire of the Commissioners they will tell you—I cannot—they might be so many—I cannot tell you How many—if you ask the Commissioners that will do


Q. They were so many you cannot say? A. You may have it your own way—I shall not say any thing of the kind—I dare say there might be three complaints.





JEREMIAH BROWN
. I am a hair-dresser, and live at No. 16, Great Marylebone-street, which leads into High-street. On the night of the he I was in Wimpole-street, and heard some person calling "Fire!"—I found the fire was at the prisoner's shop—it was about a quarter after twelve o'clock—there was a policeman there, and somebody dressed in plain clothes, who I believe was the witness Taylor—I saw smoke coming from the top part of the shutters—I did not observe the private door at that moment—I did within a minute after—it was in Bowling-street—it was men then, but I do not think it was open when I first went up—I went and got to the counter—I could discover a fire, but there was a number things hanging about my head, and the room was full of smoke—I palled as many things down off the lines as I could, about fifteen or twenty number—they were fancy woollen shawls, and cloaks, and things—had been in the shop once before, and knew the situation of it—I observed fire in the left-hand corner of the shop pointing to High-street—appeared almost as if it was some linen caught a light—it was not so at the stall-board of the window, not so high as the counter when I went in—as I pulled the things down, I could feel the counter quite to the window—the smoke was so much I drew the things down—fire was on the ground—I should not think it had got up above two from the ground—it very soon entirely consumed the shop—I took things out and returned, but did not get any more out—I had been the shop about a fortnight before that night—I had gone there to purchase something—I observed shelves about the shop when I went then—I did not make any observations as to the state of the shop—I consider was a small shop, and I should think there was very little stock in it, from that I could see—I was not able to obtain what I wanted—while I was here, two ladies came in and asked for black silk stockings—Mr. Miers in the shop—a parcel was shown to the ladies, containing black silk lockings—there were but two pairs as far as I could see—I saw no others produced to the ladies—they asked if he had any more—he said the quality of those was very good, he had no more, and the ladies went way—I went to buy a piece of mattress binding, but did not get it—did sot make any remark to my wife when I got home, as to the state if the shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS.—Q. What was the sum you intended lay out for the article you went to buy? A. I believe it is only about 5d. or 16d. a piece, and I wanted half a piece, that would be 7 1/2 d.—I was the shop before the ladies came in—I stood on one side to allow them to be served before me—I will swear I saw only two pairs of stockings in the parcel—I will not swear there was not three—I do not know whether I have always said that the ladies asked if he had more—his was rather before January—there was a very severe frost—I am quite sure I made no remark to my wife when I went home—some of the helves were nearly full of goods, or they might be full—I could not swear that—many of them were nearly or quite empty—I will not swear whether many of them were full or not.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you observe that the shop was very indifferently stocked? A. I did—there were a great many empty shelves.






GEORGE MARRIOTT
. I am an assistant jailer at Bow-street. I saw passing near Mr. Miers's house on the night of the fire, from a quarter half-past twelve—I could not say to five minutes—I saw smoke coming out at the door in Bowling-street—I shoved at the door, and saw Miers and a lady in the passage—I said, "The house is on fire"—locking to my left hand, I saw things burning in the shop, at the left hand side the shop—it appeared to me that there was fire—things on fire at the had of the counter and at the side of the counter—Mr. and Mrs. Miers we standing in the passage, at least a gentleman and lady—they were nothing at all—I did not go into the shop—I attempted to go up stairs think J went up two stairs, or it might be three—before I attempted to up I asked if any persons were up stairs, were there no lives to be saw—Mr. and Mrs. Miers were both standing there together, and Mrs. Miers said nobody was in the house but their two selves and the servant, and servant was gone to look for a policeman—I continued there a very minutes—when I had gone up two stairs, I came back and went out—did not see Mr. and Mrs. Miers after I came down the stairs—I met policeman with a pail of water in his hand—I said to him, "April water is of no use"—I cannot say what he did with it—I did not see thing more than the policeman with the pail of water after I had come down—I ran to the door, and inquired if the engines and turncock were and went out of the house—I stopped about there till five o'clock in morning, or between four and five—I should say the house was down in less than an hour—I think so.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You were not before the magistrate, I believe? A. I was not.





JOHN COX DEAN
. I am one of the firm of Orchard and Dean, ironmongers, in High-street. My house is about forty yards from the house when was occupied by Miers, on the other side of the way—I heard from my house an alarm of fire—I got up and went to the spot—the shop should were not down when I got there, they were up—I assisted in barring them—they fell outside, and I saw the flames issuing from shop—the flames and smoke were too intense to admit of my seeing the shop, and I do not think I could form any judgment of what was in the shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you before the magistrate? A. I was not.





JOHN THOMAS CLAREDGE
. I lodge at No. 27, Weymouth-street, which I think, about sixty yards from Mr. Miers's house. I did not know he Miers personally previous to the fire—I had seen him at his door—I do not know that any one lodging in the same house with me know him—on the night of the fire I went to Mr. Miers's house about half past twelve—there was a man in a Mackintosh cloak, Mr. Miers, and the policeman there—directly after I entered the house Mrs. Miers came down stairs—she went to the house where I lodge—after taking Mrs. Miers then I went out again to the fire, and about three o'clock, when I went home, Mr. Miers was sitting by the side of Mrs. Miers by the fire—Mrs. Miers had remained there from the time of the fire till about a quarter after there o'clock, when they left—I found them together there when I went in—they were in deep conversation, which was principally carried on in whispers—they did not appear to be at all agitated—they appeared so calm and collected, that I mentioned it to somebody—they staid about a quarter of an

or twenty minutes after I got in, and then went away—I asked the prisoner if he had any idea of what was the cause of the fire—he said he had whatever, that he closed the shop about half-past eleven o'clock, and not in it again until after the alarm of fire was given—I did not ask him other question—they went away from our house in a coach.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you see Mrs. Miers when came down stairs? A. Yes—her stays were exposed and her hair was paper—one paper on each side.
Mr. KELLY. Q. Was there any shawl about her? A. She had a inside her stays.





WILLIAM BAYLIS
. I am a stationer, living at No. 4, Bowling-street. I opened to be coming up High-street at the time of the fire, about half-past twelve o'clock, or a little after—it was before the axe had showed itself when I first came up, I had not observed the least appearance of fire—I home, and had undressed myself—I was getting into bed when I and the alarm of fire—I immediately put on my clothes, and went down I know Mr. Charlton's door—it is No. 3, Bowling-street, next door to and opposite Miers's—Charlton's house is opposite Miers's premises—her the fire bad been put out, I saw the prisoner standing leaning ainst Charlton's shutters, with his hands in his pocket, in a very cool and date sort of manner—I asked him if his family were all out—he said, Yes." in a very low tone of voice, "they are down the court"—I then ked him if he had saved his property—he said' "No; I have saved noing but two books"—I asked him if he was aware How the fire occurred, me was aware of the origin of the fire—he told me, yes; it was caused the gas—he said then that he had sent to the gas-fitter to come to ease cock of the gas pipe—he mentioned the gas-fitter's name—the name, of refries—he said he had tried to turn the gas off, but could not—he said ho sent eight or ten times within the last month, and the man had neglected to come—I said, "If it had been my case, I would have sent for other gas-fitter, and not waited for him"—he said he had broken three says in endeavouring to turn it off.

Q. Pray do you, among other articles, deal in coarse brown paper used for king parcels of linen in? A. I do—on the Monday before the fire, Mr. fiers had purchased some of that sort of paper of me—I had sold one quantity to him which had been previously looked out by his young man Midgley I have frequently observed in shop-windows in London, bills notifying at goods are to be sold off—before the fire, I had observed a great number of such bills in Miers's shop—it is twenty-two yards and a half from the centre of the threshold of my door, to the centre of the threshold of Mr. fiers's—that is the private door across the way—I remember the morning of at Christmas-day—I was up early that morning, as is my usual custom I was up a quarter before six o'clock, and was at the shop door—at that me it was dark—there were gas-lights in the neighbourhood—I observed coach draw up to Miers's door, about ten minutes before six o'clock—had the curiosity to watch it, and observed a man and one or two females come from the private door—I observed them get into the coach several and I observed that they had parcels in their hands—the only male person that I consider I knew was Mr. Miers—I saw him—I saw him come from the private door to the coach several times, each time having a parcel—the private door remained open—I know the person of the servant—I saw her standing on the step of the door—some of the parcels were

larger than others—some appeared about the size of that box—(a box or table of the Court)—and others larger—I observed the person who placed many parcels in, and who I believe to be Mr. Miers, get into the coach, and appeared to me, but I am not really positive, that a female got in also him—whether there was a second female got in with him I cannot tively say—as soon as the door was shut, the coach went off past my along Weymouth-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. THOMAS. Q. You live very near Mr. Miers? A. Yes, just across the way—I am a newsman, and am generally up early in the morning—(producing a plan)—this is my house, and that Miers's—I never, on any other occasion, saw a hackney coach taking goods—I have seen things going away, but not by coach—I sold his quire of brown paper on the Monday previous to the fire—I suppose used that sort of paper in packing parcels—I did not go across when I the coach—I thought it possible he might be going on a visit, and yet was doubtful whether it was so—I do not say that I stated when I examined before, that my suspicions were not excited, that I thought was going to spend a day in the country—I thought it possible that were going out to spend the Christmas-day—there was nothing to my going across and seeing what they were about.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you on such terms with Mr. Miers as to at liberty to go and examine the coach, or look into his hands? A. I have done so, but I should have thought it very rude.





NATHAN DEFRIES
. I live at No. 41, Paddington-street, and am an gineer and gas-fitter. I knew Mr. Miers's house—I fitted up gas-fitting in his shop (referring to memoranda) on March 26th, 1837—soon after house was fitted up Mr. Miers complained of a smell—I attended to and after two or three examinations found that the carpenter had drives nail through a brass pipe—I remedied that soon after the 26th of march—the last time I made any repairs in gas-fittings was, as near as possible, six months ago from this time—I cannot say in what month—it was so trilling it was not booked—I sent my man—I never work myself—I have that had an application from the prisoner to repair a key—when I say repair it, it was not so, the pendant was loose in the ceiling in consequest of the carpenter not screwing the branch up, and that was repaired—the was six months ago—I have not been applied to by Mr. Miers since that make any repairs in the gas work.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you go yourself to Mr. Miers A. I did in one instance—I was sent for but once—I cannot say who it called—my clerk took the message—he is not here—his name is Freeman—he has left me—I sent a man named Lewis to repair the gas fitting—he not here—that was the occasion I went to Mr. Miers in person—there was male lodger living with him—I do not know his name—I saw a man then on the first floor—I cannot tell where he lodged—my clerk never went to Mr. Miers to my knowledge—I never received but one message—if move than one came it must have come to my hearing—I have no doubt it would have been booked or slated—it was the job that was too slight to he booked, but the order must be entered on the slate or book—that is my strict orders—my orders were not disobeyed on that occasion—it was either booked or slated—I cannot say whether it was booked or not—I have books at home—I cannot venture to say what distance Mr. Miers resides from me—it is not very far—if a gas pipe is not properly repaired it discharges

the gas so as to emit a very unpleasant smell, which would be offensive to house.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. If a message had been sent to you eight or ten somes in the course of the month the fire happened, according to the way our business is done, must it have come to your knowledge? A. Most recidedly.





WILLIAM GATTRELL
. On the 23rd of December last, and from April to at time, I lived with the prisoner Mr. Miers as shop-boy—I quitted on a saturday—at that time my master carried on business in High-street—the second-floor front room, the kitchen, and the back parlour, were all the rooms the house that were furnished at that time—there was a closet with just enough to hold a bedstead—the second-floor front room was furnished it a bed-room—when I went there in April there were no other furnished comes than those I have named—I know Midgley—when I first went to with Mr. Miers, Midgley was his assistant—I went in April, and Midgley left about two months after, I should think—he was to take a shop in rawford-street—Midgley's wife is sister to Mrs. Miers, my master's life—Midgley was succeeded by a man named Govier—I think he retained about a fortnight or six weeks—during that time Mr. Miers was taken ill, and was confined to his bed—after Govier left, a man named homas Davey became assistant—he staid I think about a month or six seeks—on some few occasions, within the last month I was there, I remember customers making applications for things and going away with—it them—when persons made applications for things he had not got, Mr. liers said he should get them in on such a day, but he did not get them at all—I noticed that at the time—it was my business to attend in the up.

Q. How much money should you say was taken over the counter in a ly in November or December, to speak liberally? A. I should say about one day with another—I used to go to the till for change when I wanted—during the latter months I was there I heard the prisoner complain of rade many times—during the latter part of my time in his service, Mr. liers used generally to go out between eight and nine o'clock in the morning and return about nine or ten o'clock at night—he staid away freuently all day in the course of the last two months—he used to return sometimes before and sometimes after the shop was shut at night—during he latter three or four months of my time he was very little in the shop—was customary for the shop to be supplied with pins, tape, worsted, and cotton balls, about every three weeks, according to the course of justness.

Q. During the time you were there, from April to December, was there my considerable supply of goods, linen, and such stock as that? A. He used to have some calico in—I do not know from whom—he had not much while I was there—I do not know at what time the calico came in—he ways used to keep a supply of calico in—there used to be some Irish men on the top row of shelves—before I left, they had been sent away—occupied all the top row, or part of it, on one side of the shop, and at the pack—when they went away the shelves were supplied with dummies, which are bits of wood tied up in blue paper, representing linen—the shawls were kept in two or three drawers, the drawers were kept under the counter—we had no boxes of shawls—he had some in linen wrappers—some of the shawls were sent away about the latter part of my time—I have heard my

master speak of Miss York—she served in Mr. Miers's shop for a week—she was a sister of Mrs. Miers—my master used to tell me what goods look out to send down to a shop at Isleworth, which Miss York kept—it was supplied from Mr. Miers's stock—all sorts of haberdashery was sent—there was a great deal sent the latter part of the time I was ther—the were tied up in coarse wrappers to go there—they were sent once a week and sent by the carrier—I remember, in September last, some goods going in a phaeton, Mr. Miers and myself put them in—there were flannek linens, shawls, and different goods in haberdashery—they were taken away in the morning on a work-day—about ten or eleven o'clock in the morning the phaeton came to the private door in Bowling-street—the goods sent away without being packed—I was sent to Midgley, in Crawford street, after he took the shop there—I went with goods, not more than or six times—I carried them myself—they were middling-sized parced half as large again as that box—I used sometimes to take one, sometime two—Midgley was in the habit of coming to and from the shop, and it was at the time he was going to open the shop that these goods were sent—there were no fresh supplies of flannel and linen during the latter part the time I was with Mr. Miers—the stock became diminished by send ing these goods away—towards the latter part of my time the shop ill stocked, there were very few goods in it—I cannot form any idea of the value of the goods in the shop—I know Mr. Defries, the gafitter—I was sent to him by my master in the summer—there was a escape of gas in the window in the branch-pipe, the message was to repaired it—I delivered the message—Mr. Defries sent a man and repaired it—I was sent to Mr. Defries before that—the last time I was sent was in summer—I had never been sent since the summer of last year—when I was sent, the man came and did what was required—from time I went in the summer I never heard or received directions from master to go for Mr. Defries—I did not hear my master, during the part of my time, make any complaint about the gas—there was no other person to go on messages, from June to December, when I left him—master closed his shop at ten o'clock on work-days in the week, and on saturday nights between eleven and twelve o'clock—I used to put the out on Saturday nights as well as other nights—I always turned it out regularly—I left my master because I did not suit him—I could not do work well enough for him—I had to clean the gas glasses in the window of the shop, that was what I did not do to his satisfaction—that was the reason he parted with me—he said I did not go on his errands quickly enough—I was not charged with dishonesty of any kind—there was other reason, but not going on errands quickly enough, and not cleaning the glasses.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Of course you were examined before the Magistrate? A. Yes—I have been examined on this business before to-day—I was before the Justice at the Police Office, in High-street Marylebone—I think that is about six weeks ago—I was not sworn there—I gave evidence to Mr. Rawlinson, and he took it down in writing—he did not read it over to me—an officer called at my father's for me, to take me to High-street, to be examined—I know that gentleman (Mr. Rickards)—I have seen him before to-day, somewhere—I do not know where—I did not see him at High-street—I do not know whether he took down my examination—I am sure I do not know whether he wrote down my evidences—I cannot tell whether it was since I was at the police-office that I saw

him—I cannot tell whether I have seen him within these six weeks—I do not know whether he wrote my evidence down—I do not recollect whether told him what I have sworn to-day—it was in a house I saw him—I do not recollect the name of the street—I have seen that gentleman somewhere, but I do not know where—I saw him in a house—I do not know How long I was in the house with him—I spoke to him—I might have spoken to him—I do not remember whether I spoke to him or not—I do not know How long I was in the house with him—it might have been an our—I am sure I do not know—I was in the same room with him—I do not know How long—I only saw him once—I never saw him more than once, to my recollection—I do not know whether it was before I went before the Magistrate—I cannot say whether it is a month ago—I only saw the gentleman once—I am sure I do not know when it was, and I do not know where—I quite forget whether anybody was in the room, or not—there might be half-a-dozen persons in the room for what I know—I do not know who took me to the gentleman—I did not know who the gentleman was—it was not a woman or a child took me to the room—it was man took me—he had the appearance of a gentleman—he did not tell one what he wanted with me—I think he found me at my place in Oxford-street—he might have found me there—I do not know How far he took me fore we got to this gentleman's house—I do not know whether the man went into the room with me where I found the gentleman.

Q. How did you find out the room the gentleman was in, if you do not now whether he went in with you? A. I said it might have been in a room—I did not say it was in a room—I might have seen him in a room, for what I know—I am sure I cannot say whether I was in a room with him or not—I do not know whether I was in a room, or in the street with him—I said I might have been an hour with him, or a minute, for what I now—I do not remember whether it was in the open air, or in a house—I saw him.

Q. You have said you lived in the house of Mr. Miers from April to December, is that true? A. Yes—I was turned away on the 9th of November, because I was saucy to Mrs. Midgley—my mother did not ask Mr. Miers to take me back—he did take me back—he sent for me, at eleven o'clock, one night, when I had been a fortnight out of his service.

Q. How came you to swear that you were in his service from April to December, did not you think I knew nothing about it? A. I am sure you knew about it—I was sent three times to Mr. Defries—I am not sure whether I saw Mr. Defries each of those three times, or his young man—I saw Mr. Defries once, I know, at his own house—I told him the message my master sent—I told him there was an escape of gas in the window—I am not sure whether I told Mr. Defries, or the man, that—I did see Mr. Defries at his own house—I do not know what I told him—I went to him because there was another escape of gas between the flooring—the times are intermixed—I cannot say what message I gave the first or last time—I went to him on account of some escape of gas etch time—being saucy to Mrs. Midgley was the reason I was discharged—when I lived with Mr. Miers, I used to sleep up in some room called the ware-house, on the other side of the yard.

Q. Did you find yourself two or three different nights from your home when you ought to have slept there? A. I did once—I am going on for

fifteen years of age—I was absent one night—I spent that night at Wards worth, at a friend of my mother's, a butcher—I did not give my master notice that I was going there—there was a lodger, named Smith at Mr. Miers's while I was there—he was constantly complaining of the offensive smell occasioned by the escape of gas—I have heard him complain—I do not know whether he left before or after me—I do not know that he quitted the lodging because be could not bear the smell of gas.

MR. KELLY. Q. Is this the gentleman (Mr. Rickards) you saw were with an hour or some time? A. Yes, I recollect him now—Queen Anne-street was the name of the street where I saw him—I was living with Mr. Holywell, a hatter, in Oxford-street, at that time—I lived there, and used to go home to my mother's to sleep, No. 7, Nottingham-street, mary-lebone—I think it was near the middle of February that I went to Mr. Rickards, or it might have been March—I think it was about a month age.

Q. You have been asked whether it was in a room or not; do you this place a room you are in now? A. No, I saw him in the office—it was a place where there were desks and a railing fencing off one part of the place from another—he had a paper before him while I was there, and he was writing—I had never seen Mr. Rickards before I went there—my father came and gave me notice that I was to go there.

COURT. Q. Why not state all this when the other gentleman asked you? A. I did not know the gentleman's name.

MR. KELLY. Q. You have been asked if there was anybody else in the same room or office; do you remember who took you in there? A. I went and knocked at the door, and a clerk opened the door—that is the person—he showed me into the office—I could not see anybody if they were outside the railing—I was inside it, and could not see anybody out side—this was after I had been to the police-office—I do not recollect How long it was after.

Q. Now did Mr. Rickards, the gentleman you saw in the office, ask you questions about this business? A. Yes, and I gave him answers—I have received letters from him since that, stating the time I was to come here, except that I have had no communication with him at all—the night I let Mr. Miers and went to Wandsworth, was on the 8th of November, and If came back that day fortnight—the night I went to Wandsworth is included in the fortnight—it was the first night—I staid the rest of the time at home—my mother went to Mr. Miers, and asked him for a character—he would not give me one—my mother said he ought to have given me a character, or else have me back, and a day or two after, at eleven o'clock as night, Mrs. Midgley came for me to go that same night, and I went next morning, and then remained with him until the 23rd of December—Midgley came in my place—I saw him there.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How did you find your way to Mr. Rickards's house, in Queen Anne-street? A. My father told me the number, 54—I thought somebody took me there—I was not sure—I do not think so now, but I did not know the name of the gentleman, or I should have known.





ANN WRIGHT
. I am twenty-five years of age on the 24th of next month. I lived servant with Mr. Miers, in High-street—I went into his employ on the 13th of November, last year, and remained with him till after the fire, when I went to Fenchurch-street—I continued with him and Mrs. Miers till the time of his being taken to the police-office—when I

went to him in November the family consisted of himself, Mrs. Miers, and Mrs. Midgley—but Mrs. Midgley went away before Christmas—there was then only Mr. and Mrs. Miers, myself, and the shop-boy, William Gattrell—he went away in December, and Mr. Midgley came the same night as Gattrell went away—Midgley remained there till he went to Whitecross-Street prison—that was three or four weeks before the fire—after he left, there was nobody in the house but myself and Mr. and Mrs. Miers—I was servant of all-work—I did the whole work of the house—Mrs. Miers has one child, a little boy, fifteen or sixteen months old—it was not at home at the time of the fire—the child was away when I went to the situation—the child did not live in the house at the time I was there—mistress's mother, Mrs. York, had it.

Q. What time used the shop generally to be shut up? A. There was no certain time—sometimes between nine and ten o'clock, and it has been selven o'clock—it was later on a Saturday—it has been eleven o'clock and half-past eleven o'clock, and sometimes later, on a Saturday night—after attrell and Midgley went away, my master and the lads that came used shut up the shop—the gas-lights were not always put out when the shop was shut up—they were left alight all night some nights—after William Gattrell left the service the lights were put down low—not left a full light—so as not to be quite out, but yet alight—my master used to do that.

COURT? Q. The first time was after Gattrell left? was it not till after he had gone, that you first knew the lights left at all? A. No, it was after Gattrell left—before he left they used to be put out.

MR. KELLY. Q. Now, do you remember the night the fire happened? A. Yes—my master went out about eleven o'clock that night—he was not song out—he came home from eleven to about a quarter or twenty minutes after eleven o'clock, and he had been out in the afternoon—when he came home me he had his supper, and then shut up the shop.

Q. Do you remember whether when he shut up the shop he put the gas fights out or lowered them? A. No, I cannot say—I do not remember one way or the other—when he had had his supper and shut up the shop, went up stairs with my mistress—that was at ten minutes or a quarter after twelve o'clock—I remained with my mistress from a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes before Mr. Miers came up—during that time he down below alone—he then came up—I remained up stairs about five minutes after he came up—I remained in the room—I then went down stairs with the warming-pan in my hand—when I got down, I observed he curtain was undrawn, and a large worsted needle stuck in the curtain—seeing the reflection in the glass, I looked on the counter, and saw a light, was a muslin curtain to the glass-door which separates the parlour from the shop—the bottom part of the door is wood—the curtain of that door was undrawn—I looked through the glass-door, and saw a light on the left-hand side of the counter—as you look through the glass-door the counter is on the left-hand side—there were two windows to the shop—the window was near the end of the counter—there were two counters—the light was at the left-hand counter, near the end, near the window—there were some prints hanging, and there was a light as if it went from these prints, and they were in a flame—when I saw the fire, I called to master twice, please, Sir, will you come down stairs"—the door was locked which led into the shop—I did not try it, but the keys were up stairs—my master came down, and desired me to go for the policeman—he had his coat and waistcoat

off—he went up stairs again—I did not do as master desired me—I went up stairs with him—he said to mistress, "My dear, get out of bed, the shop is on fire"—the keys were on the drawers—I took them off and gave then to master, and then went down to the policeman, leaving master in the room—I went down stairs and got some water for the policeman—I brought the policeman in with me—I got the water from the wash-house in the yard—there was a pail and a foot tub, with two handles—I had put the water in the tub for the next day's use—I had got the water out of the wash-house, which was up stairs in the yard, in a large water-butt—I could not draw the water out of the tap—I dipped it out with a jug—the water was frozen—I brought the water and gave it to the policeman—I then went up stairs for mistress's cloak and bonnet, but I could not get the closet open where her bonnet was kept—I went down with the cloak, and master told me to go into the back warehouse with mistress, and I went out with he—I did not remain more than a minute after I brought the policeman in—I went with my mistress to a neighbour named Watkins, but I did not stop there when mistress was there—I did not stop long in the parlour—I went after the engine to Marylebone station-house—I went of myself after that, Mr. and Mrs. Miers had a coach, and Mr. Miers left me at any own home, at three o'clock in the morning, and was to let me know when to come to them—he came on Monday and told me to go; and on a Tuesday morning I went to my mistress in Ingram-court, Fenchurch-street, the house of Mr. Bustin—he is a relation of Mr. Miers's, I believe—I mained there, I think, a fortnight with mistress—I staid there till the Campbell, the policeman, came—Mr. and Mrs. Miers remained there also—I went into Mr. Miers's service on the 15th of November.

Q. Did Mr. Miers get any quantity of goods in after you went in November—was there any considerable quantities of goods brought into the shop? A. No, I did not see any—I think if there had been any large quantity I should have seen them—I could see into the shop through the glass door, and when my master had no man I used to watch the shop door while master and mistress were at dinner—I did not serve in the shop—the shelves were not full, some of them had two or three things on and the others were not full—the shop was not well stocked.

Q. You say you did not see any large quantities of things come in; you know of any thing going out after you got there? A. Master took some parcels in a coach on Christmas morning, between six and server o'clock—he had desired me to call him, that Christmas morning, at fire o'clock, and I did so—he went for a coach, and the coach came between six and seven o'clock—Mr. Midgley had come on the Saturday as Chirstmasday was on Monday—on the Sunday, the day before Christmas-day, master and Mr. Midgley, his brother-in-law, were at work in the shop from eleven till six o'clock—they were measuring things off—some were in wrappers and some in brown paper—there were some merinos measured off on the parlour table on the Sunday, and some table linen I saw on the counter, and things—some of them were large parcels—when the coach came on Christmas morning, master placed the parcels on the stairs, and left them there till he came back with the coach, and I gave the parcels to him—one side of the coach was full, and part of the other—master went on one side of the coach with the parcels—they were heavy parcels, and of different sizes—two or three were large parcels—some of them were much larger, but none so small as this box—they were packed in coarse

brown paper, and some with wrappers—some were the length of a long cane—all the parcels that master had placed on the stairs were put into the each—nobody went with him then—the coachman and he drove away—did not hear where he was going—his wife did not go with him—he came back about half-past twelve or twenty-five minutes to one o'clock—he then went up stairs to dress, and dined with Mrs. in Whitechapel, and mistress went with him—I do not remember any goods coming into the shop after Christmas-day.

Q. Now, do you remember during the time you were there any other goods going away? A. At the time Mrs. Midgley went away, before Christmas morning, there were two trunks, and master took some parcels hen, but I did not look at the size of them—one trunk was a black one and the other a coloured paper one—I do not know from my master whether he went the night before the fire to Ingram-court—he went out on Friday, but I cannot say to any time—during the latter part of the time I was there my master was not much at home—he did not spend much time in paying attention to his shop during the latter part of the time—not more than usual—mistress attended to the shop, and master went out—a lad was hired as shop-boy, and came on the Friday before the fire, and went away on the Saturday afternoon—his Christian name was John, his other name I do not Know—I did not hear my master say who he was, or any thing about him—he went away on Saturday, and was to return at six o'clock on Saturday, but he did not return—that was the night of the fire.

Q. Had you the means of knowing, from living in the house as the only servant, what articles of furniture, and what things there were in ordinary use in the house? A. Yes—there was a bedstead in the back room, second floor—there was not any set of Merino curtains and drapery, there was no such article in the house—there were short muslin curtains,.—there was a mattress but no palliasse—there was not eighteen yards of damask carpetting—there were some pieces of carpet put down, but no damask—they were old pieces of stair-carpet—there was no hearth-rug, nor any chest of mahogany drawers—there were not four rose-wood chairs—there were three chairs, but no window-curtains in the back room—there were no toilet covers in that room, nor any cut-glass bottle and tumbler, or japanned towel horses—there was no towel horse at all in that room—there was no easy chair with chintz cover, in the front room, second floor—there was one pair of large blankets, but not two pairs—there was one large thick blanket and one under blanket—three blankets altogether—there was no mahogany cheffionier—there was no blue breakfast service in the kitchen—there were four large breakfast cups and saucers, and basin to match—two of them were kept up stairs—there were no small cups and saucers in general use—there were not so many as thirty-four of any thing, of a blue breakfast service, or other service at all—the breakfast cups and saucers were common willow pattern—there was no small tea service—master and mistress always used the large cups and saucers—there were china cups and saucers always kept in the parlour closet—there was a large tea-kettle in use—the copper tea-kettle was not used often, and it was not large—there was a small deal chest of drawers under the window in the kitchen—there was not more than half a bottle of wine in the house in a decanter—there was not any besides what was in the decanter—there was no wine-bin with shelves—there was no spirits, brandy, or gin.

Q. what number of books were there in the house altogether? A.


The best books which I have seen were kept up stairs, on the toilet cover—what I have seen in the parlour was "Chambers's Edinburgh Journal," but only a few of them—there were no books in any place besides the toilet in the bed room and the parlour—I should say there were not more than a dozen volumes up stairs, but there was a closet over the parlour with numbers of "Chambers's Journal" in it—I have seen very few books, only numbers—I mean unstitched books—there were no books in the parlour, no volumes, only numbers—I should say it was not possible for 109 volumes of printed books to be in the house, or any thing like that number—there were about a dozen, and no more, up stairs, and some unbound numbers of "Chambers's Journal"—I have seen two or three taken to read from the closed in the parlour—that was the first time I ever saw them—that was one Sunday evening, when master went out; and mistress came home with master—Mr. Midgley had them reading—there was no rose-wood sofa table in the front room, second floor—there was no linen-press, with shelves, in that room, nor any chintz drapery for three windows with brass supporters—there were only two windows to the front room—there was no chintz drapery—there were some muslin curtains in the back parlour, but they were not up—there were none at all in the front room—Mrs. Miers bad not any rich silk cloak—only the black silk cloak she had on on the night of the fire, when she went to Fenchurch-street—she had no boa—she had a muff, which was moth-eaten very much—I was desired to take it out into the wash house, and beat it, but I did not beat it then—I was desired to do that a week or a fortnight before the fire—at the time of the fire it was in the box—it was not fit to wear—there was no boa in the house—there were five pairs of sheets and six table-cloths sent away with Mrs. Midgley in a coach—at the time of the fire, there were only the sheets on the beds, except the sheets that went to the wash—there was master's bed, and the bed I slept on—there was a pair of sheets to the bed the boy slept on in the ware house—they were on the bed at the time—I do not know whether my master had any gold watch—I did not hear him speak of any gold watch, till he was in Fenchurch-street—I then heard him speak of one—he was making the inventory of the things lost in the fire, and he named about the watch to me then—he asked if I had seen the gold watch—I said, "No," I had not seen it—only a small silver watch he had in use, with a chain—he was writing down on paper the things that were lost—there was no gold watch in the house that I saw—I never saw one at all in the house, nor ever heard of his having one in his possession—it was a week, ten days, it a fortnight before Christmas that Mrs. Midgley took the trunks away.

Q. Was there any plate taken away in those trunks? A. Yes, two table-spoons, two salt-spoons, six tea-spoons, and a fish-slice—I did not see any plate in the house after they went away—the metal table and teaspoons were always used after that—in the black trunk there were five pairs of sheets and six table-cloths, and some pillow-cases—I do not know How many—I did not see any of those things come back—my master went with Mrs. Midgley when those things were taken away—I was present in Ingram-court when master was making out the inventory—he described to me a sofa-table—I did not know at the time what one was, but when he described it, I had seen what he described, a table with two leaves and drawers—I remembered that I had seen such a table, but there was no sofatable in the house at the time of the fire—he also named to me a sofa, but there was no sofa in the house—master was writing down when I said

there was none in the house—he told me if I was asked if there was a sofatable I was to say yes, if they asked me at the Insurance office—this was on the Tuesday, the day he desired me to go to Ingram-court—nothing else passed between us at that time—he said he had the sofa-table in Oxford-street, but it was sold when they came to High-street—he also mentioned having a polished steel fender and fire-irons in Oxford-street—there were no such things in High-street.

Q. Were you sent at any time in February to Surrey-place? A. Yes, one Sunday morning after the fire—it was about a fortnight after the fire I went to No. 30, Surrey-place, Old Kent-road—it was a linen-draper's shop—I saw Mrs. Midgley there, and her sister Miss York, and Mrs. York—Mrs. Midgley and Miss York served in the shop—the next night Mrs. Midgley and Miss York, and a child, came to Ingram-court.

Cross-examined by
MR. JAMES. Q. Can you write? A. No—my master made out the list of the kitchen utensils which were burnt—I furnished him with a list of the articles, and master added more things to it—master told me to recollect what was in the kitchen—a young man in the house where my mother lived wrote down the articles as I told him—he was not a friend of mine—I had seen him before—I cannot think of his name—you can hear of him at No. 37, Ogle-street, Marylebone, on the first floor—I cannot tell what business he is—he is a neighbour of my father's—he lives at No. 37, Ogle-street—I was in Ogle-street at my father's one evening, and the person wrote it out, and master saw it, and added more things to it—I can read plain writing—I did not read that list—I took it to my master after it was written—master told me and mistress to recollect if there was any thing more—I cannot say whether he old me I had not recollected all—I know there were more things added—master had papers before him—I cannot say what they were—some of them seemed bills—I could not read them—there were two chests of drawers in the room up stairs, and there was a Bible and prayer-book, and two other books, and a desk on those drawers—there were two books, one. small and one smaller—some of the books were lettered on the back—on the table, were smaller books—I can read the letters at the backs of books—one of the books was Clark's Prayers, or something—there was the name of Clark on the back of a book—I cannot say whether it was on the sack of one or two—it was a small Bible and prayer-book—they had marks on them—there was not more than one prayer-book that I know of—I do not recollect Johnson's Dictionary, or two volumes of Cowper's Poems—I did not look at them all, and could not tell—I do not recollect them—the closets in the house were not locked—the chests of drawers were locked—one was master's, and one was mistress's—mistress had the care of the linen—the muslin curtains which were not put up were rough—dried, and put on the shelf in master's bed-room—the short muslin curtain remained at the parlour window—there were two japanned towel-horses in master's bed-room, which was the front room on the second floor—they could be moved from one room to another, but they always remained in master's bed-room next the window—there was one pair of sheets use for master's bed, one pair for mine, and one pair for the boy's—I do not know How many pairs there were in the drawers—I have seen the drawers open—there were no sheets in them—they were all kept on a shelf in master's bed-room closet—I had seen the drawers open in the week—my mistress's was a squirrel muff—I had not seen my

mistress with a boa—I have seen her with a short ruff, but not a box—it was not a squirrel ruff, it was a plain one—I never saw her me the muff—it was not fit for use.

Q. Do you recollect Mr. Walters dining with your master? A. Yes, he dined there often on a Tuesday—I cannot say How recently before the 20th of January he dined there—it might be a week or a fortnight, or two or three weeks—I waited at table on that occasion, and attended as servant—I was in and out—metal table-spoons and tea-spoons were used on that occasion, the same as usual—at times the gas-lamps in the shop were left burning all night—they were left low, not full, but about one-third the usual height—I did not observe the lights left so till after I had been there some name—I went up stairs with my mistress about ten minutes after twelve o'clock, as near as I can say, on the night of the fire—we went up stairs together.

Q. Did you take the keys of the shop with you? A. Mistress's combs were in the candle-stick—as to the keys I cannot say, but I took the keys from the toilet, and gave them to master in the bed-room—I found then on the drawers near master's bedside—there were two keys tied together with a string—master always took the keys of the shop up—they were usually placed on the candlestick, or on the drawers, or on the looking glass—I found them on the drawers—I cannot say positively that the keys were not taken up in the candlestick or by my mistress in her hand—I left mistress in bed, when I left the room, undressed, as usual—when I went up with mistress I left master in the parlour, and master gave me a shilling to go for a shilling's-worth of brandy, which I got in a mug—when I discovered the fire, the parlour door was open, which goes into the parlour—I could see the reflection of the glass—the door was Jocked which leads from the parlour into the shop—that door was usually locked—the parlour door itself was open.

Q. Had you retired, or got down into the kitchen with the warning pan, before your master went up? A. I did not go farther than parlour before I called my master—my master had his coat and waistcoat off before I left the bed-room—I was in the room about five minutes after he came of—I did not stop longer than giving him the keys and going out—I gave him the two keys which unlock the shop door—I found them on the drawers next the bed-side—that does not enable me to recollect whether my mistress had them taken up—I cannot say—I do not know whether they went up or not but I found them on the drawers, and gave them to my master—the boy who came on the Friday was called John—he was a boy who had applied in the shop as errand-boy—he had seen a bill, I believe, in the window—there was an advertisement for a boy in the window—he left on the Saturday—he was to return at six o'clock, but he did not return—he went for some things—the kitchen was below the shop, down a pair of stairs—that was more usually my place than the shop—it was in the front—there was a wash-house—I was not engaged there only when I was washing my things—I only washed once a week—it was possible to bring goods into the shop without my seeing them—I said no large quantities were brought—the shop was not well stocked as linen-drapers' usually are—I had nothing to do with the shop—the kettle was not a large one—it was a middling-sized one—I did not tell the gentleman at Ogle-street to put down a large one—I saw no quantities of goods come in a coach—whether a parcel or a hamper came I cannot tell—I did not trouble myself about the shop—if I was in the kitchen I could hear any large parcel come in by the weight

—if I was in the wash-house, of course, I could not hear—I do not mean to swear that no goods did come in—the lace was kept in boxes in the shop—I have seen the boxes as they have been serving—the boxes were the size of those books there—I cannot say whether they were kept in blue cartridge-paper cases—there were no merino window-curtains there—I was not there when Mr. Smith, the lodger, was there—whether the room was furnished with merino curtains while he was there I do not know—there were no lumber trunks in master's bed-room—there was a closet leading out of master's bed-room with a lumber trunk there—there were holland blinds to the windows—there was no cornice—there was a piece of flat wood on the top of the window, on which the curtains would rest, but there were no curtains up.

Q. Did you ever look into the trunk? A. I took a counterpane out or the kitchen, the same kind of counterpane as the boy had in the ware-house—there were no curtains in the trunk at that time—there were old tassels there, which looked dirty—they were not moreen—tassels are not made of moreen—they were a lightish colour, but dusty and old, not fit to put up—it was small worsted fringe—that is not in general used to moreen curtains—they are generally trimmed with velvet—it depends on the taste of the person—there were tassels, but not much of them—I have seen worsted tassels used with moreen curtains, but they are not used now.

MR. KELLY. Q. You have been asked about Mr. Smith the lodger; when did he come? A. I do not know, it was before my time—there was no lodger in my time—Mr. Walters dined with my matter—he is lace-maker—he served master—he has dined there several times—he was intimate with master—there was lace in the shop at the time of the fire—there were caps and lace hanging on the lines in the shop—I do not know any thing of their value.

MR. JAMES. Q. In what state was the window of the shop left at night, were the things hanging up? A. The window was left the same as master dressed it in the day—the articles which hung there in the day, hung there all night—I cannot say whether the lamps were burning—master dressed the window on Friday, and it was left the same on Saturday night—I cannot say whether the lamps were left burning low on that night, but they have been left so often, since William Gattrell left the service.
(The following is a list of the articles referred to by this witness, and included in the claim made by the prisoner.)
"Back room, second floor, set of moreen curtains, furniture, drapery, &c, to bedstead, 5l. 10s.; mattress and palliasse, 2l. 10s.; eighteen yards of damask carpetting, 2l. 14s.; hearth-rug, 10s. 6d.; mahogany chest of drawers, 2l. 15s.; four rose-wood chairs, 1l. 7s.; window curtains, lath rods, &c, 1l. 10s.; two toilet covers, 9s.; cut-glass bottle and tumblers, 5s. 6d.: two japanned towel horses, 10s. Front room, second floor, easy chair. with chintz cover, 15s.; one pair of best blankets, 1l. 10s.; two ditto, 1l. 16s.; mahogany cheffionier, 2l. 2s. Kitchen, blue breakfast service, thirty-four pieces, 10s. 6d.; common tea service, thirty-six pieces, 15s.; one large copper kettle, 15s.; strong chest of drawers, 1l. 10s.—Passage, wine bin and shelves, 18s.; a dozen and a half of port wine, 3l. 10s.; twenty-three bottles of sherry, 3l. 18s; one gallon and a half of brandy, 1l. 10s.; two gallons of gin, 1l. 5s. Back parlour, 109 vols. printed books, containing eleven vols. of Imperial Magazine., 8l. 5s. Front room, second floor, rose-wood sofa table, 2l. 10s.; linen press, with shelves, 10s.; chintz drapery for three windows, with brass supports and muslin curtains, &c, 3l. 10s. Mrs.

Miers's wearing apparel—rich silk cloak, 4l. 10s.; squirrel muff and box 6l.—Linen not in present use, eight pairs of sheets, 6l. 10s.: one large table cloth, 1l. 10s.; two ditto, 1l. 12s.; four ditto, 1l. 8s.; six breakfast dittle 15s.—Watches and trinkets—Gold watch, enamelled back, 10l.; and a silver watch 8l.—one silver fish-slice, twelve silver tea-spoons, six table spoons, and four salt spoons.
(Adjourned.)

Saturday, April 7 th.

The Queen against Robert Miers—(Continued.)





ANN RUSSELL
. I am the wife of George Russell. I wag in the habit before the 20th of January last, of going to the prisoner's house changing and in the course of the time I was there I became acquainted with the lines in the different rooms of the house—about six months before the fire I was there for a fortnight or three weeks—the parlour was furnished—the first-floor back room was not furnished, it was entirely empty, and the first floor front, too, was quite empty the prisoner occupied the second, floor front room as his bed room—I removed the furniture out of the second floor back room down stairs during the floor tnight or three weeks that was charing there—there was a stump elm bedstead, a little upright washing stand, a deal table, two mattresses, and a common looking-glass—I know the sort of wooden rollers that it is common for linen-drapers to have silk on—there were none in the second-floor back room—they were in the warehouse at the hack of the house—that was the place I removed the furniture to from the back room second floor—I do not recollect any thing else that I removed from there—there were several wooden rollers in the warehouse—I think I removed those articles about a week before I left—it was the first week I was there—there was a room over the warehouse, that was at the back of the premises—a yard divided it—there was only a sort of loft and a bed-room over the warehouse for the boy—there was a stump bedstead there of the same sort as had been in the back room on the second floor—there was also a common deal washing stand, a plain deal table, a flock bed, and I think three blankets and two bolsters there—there was no furniture in the rooms higher than the second floor—only one of the kitchens were furnished—there were two white dimity curtains to the bed which the prisoner occupied—there was no valance to the top of the bed, there was to the bottom—the furniture of the house was all common furniture.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. I suppose you only speak from recollection of the things—you took no account of any? A. No—it is nearly nine months ago since I last saw them—I work at a great many places—this was six months before the fire.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Can you tell my friend the different articles in the rooms if he desires to know them? A. Yes.





THOMAS DAVEY
. I have been lately living with Mr. Rotherham in Shoreditch—he is a linen-draper. I lived with the prisoner Miers from the 26th of June to the 26th of July in the last year—it was at the house in High-street—I was engaged by a person named Midgley, who I did not know before—before I went to Miers I had been at Crawford-street—Midgley engaged me to go there—I do not recollect the number of the house—I think I went there on the 23rd of June—I am not positive—it was three or four days before I went to High-street—I was engaged there for a

permanency, but the shop was never opened—I was there three days, and slept there four nights—I had been there three times before I entered the service—I have followed the business of a linen-draper fifteen years—I consider the value of the prisoner's stock in trade as it stood at that time was from 200l. to 1500l.—it consisted principally of Irish linen, shawls, silks, merinos, stays and prints—they were filled shawls principally, that meant with dark black grounds—I should think there were about forty pieces of Irish linen of various qualities, from 8d. a yard—some I believe were as High as 3s.—2s. a yard would be a fair liberal average for the whole—I should say there were from fifty to sixty filled shawls, about twenty or thirty plain centres bordered, and about as many woollen—there are various qualities of woollen—it is a common kind of shawl—the filled shawls would average from 15s. to a 1l. each—the average of the plain shawls and border-ed would be the same—the woollen ones from 7s. 6d. to 8s.—if we were to say 15s. each for the whole stock of shawls it would be a liberal allowance—I remained in Mier's service a month—during that period I think there were two or three deliveries of goods from the warehousemen—I think the largest parcel would be about 14l. or 15l.—they were hosiery, haberdashery and ribbons—I remember some silks coming on sale, or returned—that was the last parcel—I cannot say exactly what portion of those silk were retained—some of them were, I believe—the things came principally from Coster and Co., in Aldermanbury—some articles came from Brown's, in Oxford-street—that was hosiery and shirts, ready made shirts, collars and shirt fronts—two or three deliveries came while I was there—when the hosiery came from Brown's, in Oxford-street, there were goods had in exchange—I can only speak to two parcels—there were two quilts or counterpanes had in exchange—I cannot say what was the value of the goods delivered by Brown—Miers had goods from him several times—some were kept and others returned—I remember meeting the prisoner on the Monday after the fire in Farringdon-street, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the forenoon—he told me he had had a fire—I asked him if it had done much damage—he said it had burnt every thing, and had not left him so much as a coat to his back—I asked him How it originated—he said he could not tell, he had no idea.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Where have you been living since you left the prisoner—in London? A. Yes—I was not examined Before the Magistrate—I was subpoenaed here—I was living in service—I did not get a character from the prisoner when I went away—I did not apply for one.

Q. How came you to leave Mr. Miers? A. I was never engaged by Miers himself—I was there a month, serving in the shop—I do not know the reason why I went away—he told me after I had been with him about a fortnight, he should keep me till the month was up—he gave me no reason for it—he made no charge against me at that time—he never made any charge against me—he had no charge to make—he laid a charge against me that was not right—he challenged me with robbing him—I left his service I thirteen or fourteen days after that—he made no charge after that—I know there were merinos in the shop—they are rather valuable articles—they were not in boxes—they were in wrappers—I had undone two—there were about four wrappers in all of merino—but six wrappers altogether—I cannot say what was the value of the wrappers I had not undone—they were common goods, which I did not undo, as they were marked outside, and therefore I did not open them—the merinos were in a closet up stairs when I went—they were not there because there was no room in

the shop—they could have been in the shop—I never saw but two cloaks—there were no places where they could be kept without my knowledge, unless it was in the bed-room—I was only one month in his employ, and was charged with robbing him—I met him in Farringdon-street, when I spoke to him—he began the conversation—he passed me, and turned back—I remained with him fourteen days after being charged with robbery—I am quite certain of that—I will swear I did not leave the day after the charge was made—I have sworn it—I will swear it was more than two days after the charge was made that I left—I have not made any offer of my evidence in this case.

Q. How came they to know any thing about you? A. They traced me from a situation I was in, in Regent-street about three years ago—I had not given information about having lived with the prisoner.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You staid about thirteen days with your maske after being charged with the robbery, explain what the charge was? A. A female was sent in to buy goods with two half-crowns, eight shillings and a sixpence—she purchased a print dress for 10s. 6d., and a pair of stockings for 2s. 6d.—I served her—she was sent with marked money, and after she had made the purchase Mr. Miers came in, and took the cash-drawer out of the desk into a back place, examined it, afterwards called me into the parlour, and asked if I had sold the goods—I told him I did—he said it was very strange, there was 2s. short—after some time he told me where the money was marked, and on looking through the money I found the two shillings marked as he had said—it was shown to him, and he denied two of the shillings being marked—I proved another to him as being marked, and he said it was the shilling the lady had given him with the bill—he said he was satisfied that what he had charged me with was a mistake, and asked me as a favour to remain with him all the month—I had not been originally engaged with him at all—I was engaged by Midgley, in Crawford-street, but that shop was not opened—I was led by Midgley to Mr. Miers, till the shop in Crawford-street could be opened—the prisoner did not make any charge against me before a Magistrate or to an officer—when I met him in Farringdon-street he conversed with me in a friendly spirit—he never repeated the charge of the marked money after the drawer had been examined and the money found—one of the marked shillings was afterwards found in the drawer, and the other I believe he had in his pocket—it was produced by him himself—I staid thirteen days after that, at his request—I made out my account at the time to leave, and presented it to him, and he requested me to stay—there was no other shopman employed at that time—Gattrell was in the shop all the time—he was the shop-boy—he did not serve in the shop—he served small customers occasionally—he was errand-boy.





GEORGE BANKS
. I am a linen-draper's assistant. I went into Midgley's service the day of the decease of the late King, and staid about three weeks—I left the day the King was buried—I do not recollect the exact day him late Majesty died—it was in June, and I think it was the 15th—I was with Midgley, in Crawford-street—the shop was never opened, from his not being able to get stock to open it—there was stock in the shop that was there before I went there—at the end of the three weeks there were some wages due to me, and Mr. Miers paid me—I had what was due to me, within 8s. or 10s.—during the time I was engaged by Midgley I went as different times to the house in High-street.


Q. With the opportunities you had, could you form a judgment of the value as to the stock in the shop? A. Yes—going at different times, of course, I could not examine it particularly—I have been a linen-draper fifteen or sixteen years—I should say, from what I saw, that the stock was worth 700l. or 800l., but certain description of goods were kept out of night, and I was never behind the counter—the stock appeared small, generally speaking—it was a general stock—I could not say any thing about he quality of it—I never saw any of it to handle it—there were linens, shawls, silks, and other things—they were the most bulky part of the stock—I did not see many of them—not to any amount—I know nothing of the quality of the stock.

Cross-examined by
MR. JAMES. Q. When were you first at Mr. Miers's house? A. I cannot say—I was there five or six times—the last time I was there was He day he settled with me, the day the King was buried, on a Saturday—that is generally a busy season of the year, but in consequence of the death of the King it was flat—in the month of June, in linen-drapers' business, there would be more sold than at any other season of the year, and therefore a greater diminution of stock—stock is bought early in the spring for the summer trade, and in autumn for the winter trade—I was not there in sutumn—how much might be diminished in June, and replenished in autumn, I cannot tell—I did not see any lace there—I saw the boxes—lace is generally kept in boxes, not exposed to view—what quantity of lace there was I cannot say—we generally form a judgment in proportion—I mean, if there was a quantity of merino, there would be a proportionate quantity of lace—it depends on the trade—I cannot say what the proportions are—some persons sell a great deal of lace, and others sell more of other goods—I cannot say what might be the value of his stock of lace—there might be 100l. worth of merino, and more of lace, but I cannot say, as I did not see it.

Q. Do you not know that Mrs. Midgley gave you an order on Mr. Miers to pay you your wages? A. No, I cannot say—I was referred to Mr. Miers—Mr. Midgley was in the country at the time, and, I believe, wrote a note to Mr. Miers to pay me—it was not communicated to me that Mr. Midgley had given an order to Mr. Mien to pay me—I understood from Mr. Miers that he had received a letter from Midgley, requesting him to pay me—he told me so—I gave a receipt for what he paid me—I was not examined before the Magistrate—I got my subpoena one morning about a booth ago.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. I believe you were not found till after the prisoner was committed? A. No, I was not, at least during the examination—it was before the committal—it was the last day of the examination—I was not found till that day—I am in a shop, No. 68, Whitechapel-road, now—were it another assistant there besides myself, and four apprentices—the value of my master's stock, I should judge, is about 2000l., and we have a stock of woollens worth 4000l. or 5000l. besides—I have made my estimate of the stock in High-street from the proportions which I consider one article bore to another, from what I have seen in other shops, regard being had to the situation of the shop—I do not speak definitely, or with accuracy—I believe the prisoner dealt in ready-made stays, and shoes, I believe.

MR. JAMES. Q. What would be the lowest value of the stock, where you now are, before you laid in a fresh stock for the winter? A. It might be reduced some 300l. or 400l.—we are always obliged to keep a certain

quantity of stock—October and November are what are termed dead months generally—it depends on the season a good deal—our stock is not replenished till next autumn—we are constantly buying and selling.





WILLIAM CONST AN TINE
. I am landlord of the house in Crawford-street which was taken by Midgley, on May 16th, 1837. It was taken for haberdasher's and draper's—he afterwards told me that he was not of age and I refused to let him have the house, unless he paid for it by the week—the rent was not regularly paid—I was obliged to put an execution in for eight weeks rent—he was to pay fifty-two guineas a year, but in weekly payments, that would be 1l. 1s. 10 1/2 d. a week—it was eight time that—I saw Mr. Miers there before I put the distress in—when I applied for the rent he was there—he wanted me to give Midgley a fortnight to remove his goods out of the premises, and then he would give the hour up to me—there was a bedstead and a mattress there, which Mr. Miers said belonged to him—I do not know whether there was any stock—then was stock, but after I put the execution in, Mr. Miers hoped I would not take the boxes, which were in the back-room, second floor, on the bedstead, as he said they were his property—I saw those boxes—I think there must have been about ten or a dozen, at least—I should consides they were such as contain lace and ribbons in a haberdasher's shop—I seemed to acquiesce in his proposal of giving Midgley a fortnight, till I got out of doors; and having been served a dirty trick by another tenant and having received a letter, I thought it best to put in an execution—it was in consequence of information which I received that I put in the distress—after that, I was there with the broker, and saw Mr. Miers, and he wanted me to take 3l. at first, then 4l., and 5l., to withdraw the execution—to take that in cash, instead of the eight weeks' rent—I said I did not want to put them to distress, and if they would pay me 5l. I would withdraw the distress, and let them pay the rest when they could—Mr. Miers said he would see and get the 5l., and Midgley and he both went oat together, is endeavour to raise the money, but they came back and said they could not succeed—he said he hoped I would not enforce the distress-warrant, and proposed to give me a cheque on Mrs. Miers, his wife, for the 5l—I knew that she was his wife—I did not accept his proposal—I said that he had unmasked himself, and I should let the broker proceed—I said nothing more, but left the broker in to do his duty—they left the house, and I got possession, but not for some time—they gave me a deal of trouble—he gave the house up on the 15th of July—he left before that, I believe—I had received no rent before I put the distress in—it must have been in July that I put in the distress.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you offered any fixtures in lieu of rent? A. No—I was offered them in lieu of a£20 hill which Midgley gave me, but he took away some of my fixtures—it was a shop-door, which he promised to replace,, but, nearer didr—I was not examined at the police-office.





THOMAS WINK WORTH
. I am a carrier, between London and Isleworth I know a linendraper's shop at Isleworth, kept by a person named Mrs. York—the name of "A. York" was on the door—I have chiefly seen one female in that shop—I do not know her name—I knew Mr. Miers's shop, in High-street—I have taken parcels from his shop to the shop at Isleworth, but seldom—I have nothing booked about it, as I was always paid for my labour as I delivered my parcels—the first time I took any, I think, was in the summer-time, and the last time, as near as I can say, about three or

four months ago, but I cannot say, for I paid no attention to it at all—it was some time before Christimas, now I call it to mind—it was most likely longer, but I never paid any attention to it—it is unknown to me How many parcels I took from one place to the other, as I never booked a parcel—it might be ten, or a dozen, or fifteen parcels—some of them were wrapped in paper, and some in canvas—they were various sizes—some were less than that box, and some might be five or six times larger—the male at Isleworth paid me—it was mostly a female, about thirty years if age, that I saw at Isleworth—I did not always go myself to the shop High-street for the parcels—I generally sent my lad for them—when I did go, I saw one man in the shop, and a boy; and at one time, a female, or there might be two females—I still go backwards and forwards to Isleworth—the linendraper's shop there was kept open but a very little while after I ceased carrying the parcels.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you before the Magistrate? A. No.





CHARLES BISCHOFF
. I am a solicitor, carrying on business in Copthall-court. I am the proprietor of the house, No. 80, Surrey-place, Old Kent-road—in November last I let that house to the prisoner—I do not believe he occupied it—a Mrs. Clark occupied the house, and her name was over the door at Christmas—I do not know Mrs. York.





ELIZABETH PAUL
. In November last I lived at No. 29, Surrey-place, Old Kent-road—Mr. Miers came to occupy the next house, No.10, and the shop was opened as a linen draper's—before it was opened saw some furniture come—I think that was about the beginning of December, but I cannot speak to dates—I saw a cart of household furniture, and the shop goods together—they were goods that are sold in men drapers' shops—I saw some boxes in which ribbons and Jaces are kept—I think it was in the early part of December that the shop was opened—on the morning of the day it was opened, I observed a coach stop at the door, and Mr. Miers get out of it—he handed out a female, and in me coach was a number of boxes and trunks which were handed out, and carpet bag—I do not know who the female was—she went into the house with Mr. Miers, I believe—I cannot say How many boxes there were—there might be three, or four, or five, I cannot say—I saw the prisoner the shop a few days after it was opened—I cannot say whether he was there every day—I saw him there as much as three times—it was in the evening that I saw him—the shop was closed in the early part of February—I cannot tell the day it was closed—I was from home that week with my daughter who was sick—I have a daughter who can speak to the fact—I observed the shop closed when I came back—I think it was on a Thursday that I returned and saw it closed—it did not open again that I recollect, until very lately. Quite at the end of February, I think—there were then bills in the window stating that the stock was to be sold off on the Monday following—it was open on the 1st or 2nd of March, and two or three days before that. Quite at the latter end of February—on the day I saw the bills in the window, stating that the stock was to be sold off; I observed the shop partly open—the shutters were down—there seemed to be stock in the shop in a confused state—I saw carts and a coach arrive, I think on the 2nd of March—that was not the day the stock was to be sold. but before—there were five small carts and a coach—I saw them go away Full of linen drapery—it was the stock of the shop which was taken away

—they drove up to the shop—I saw the linen drapery put in—I did not see Mr. Miers there—I had frequently observed coaches coming before that—I cannot state whether any thing was taken away—yes, once I saw a coach go away with trunks, and a carpet bag, similar to the trunks I saw arrive—that was some time before the 2nd of March—I saw the coach take away stock similar to that I had seen arrive in the coach with a female and Mr. Miers—trunks and a carpet bag—I did not see Miers when the coach took away those goods—a respectably-dressed man was with the coach—he get in after the coach was loaded.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You were not before the Magistrate either, I believe? A. No.





MARY PAUL
. I am the daughter of the last witness, and live next door to the shop which was opened in Surrey-road. I remember seeing the prisoner there—about ten o'clock one day, about the middle of December, I saw Mr. Miers arrive with a female—I do not know who the was—some boxes, some trunks, and a carpet bag were brought into the house—the shop opened the same morning about two hours after he had arrived—I saw him there several times after that—I have seen him in the middle of the day, and several times in the evening—the shop closed on a Monday, the 5th of February—it was not open at all that day—in the evening of that day I saw a cab at the door, and there were boxes and parcels inside the cab—I did not observe any trunks that day—the week following a hackney coach was at the door, and seemingly the same trunks, and boxes, and carpet bag went away—about the middle of February a van came to the house, and took away some household goods—I did not perceive any thing else taken away—on the 2nd of March there were five carts came in the evening—they were loaded at the door of the house. with the stock of the did which was taken away.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you before the Magistrate A. No.





THOMAS BROOKS
. I am a linen-draper, carrying on business in South wark. On the 22nd or 23rd of February I heard of the sale of a linendraper's stock, at No. 30, Surrey-place, Old Kent-road—in consequence of what I heard I went, on the 23rd of February, to Queen-street, Cheapside and from there went with Mr. Jervis to No. 30, Surrey-place, Old Kent road—I effected a purchase there of him of some linen-draper's stock—there were shop marks on those goods—I told Mr. Toplis what those shop marks were, and they corresponded with those which Mr. Toplis had—I bought the stock in the lump, and afterwards disposed of it—among the articles there were a great quantity of satin ribbons—Mr. Jervis did not take down the quantities—it was taken by eye-sight—Mr. Weston took down the particulars—Mr. Jervis went away, and left us there—I paid for the stock—I gave Mr. Weston a cheque for£350 to give to Mr. Jervis—I afterwards disposed of the stock to Messrs. Warren—the stock of ribbons at the Surrey-road bore an extravagant proportion to the rest of the goods—about a fortnight ago I effected another purchase with Mr. Jervis of some shawls—those shawls bore the same shop mark which the other stock had borne—that purchase was effected by my partner at Mr. Jervis's office, in Queen-street, Cheapside—we gave 40l. for shawels and other things.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Pray How many interviews had you altogether with Mr. Jervis? A. Three, I think—I required from him

an explanation respecting the stock—the first time I saw Mr. Jervis I asked him if it was a legitimate sale, if I should be safe in making the purchase—he said yes, he would explain to me exactly How the case stood—he told the they were goods belonging to Mr. Miers, (there was no disguise about it,) whose house had been burnt down in High-street, Marylebone; that they were made over to his brother in part payment of a debt due to him by the prisoner—knowing Mr. Jervis to be a respectable man, I thought I should run no risk in making the purchase.

Q. Did he tell you whether any of the goods, to the amount of 40l., had Hen taken out of pawn? A. I never heard it—the second purchase was made by my partner—I was not present—that was the shawls—all I can say is, the shawls came to my shop, and I gave a cheque for them—we live in the Borough—I have seen Mr. Weston here to-day.

MR. CLARKBOH. Q. Mr. Jervis told you these were a transfer from the prisoner to his brother, did he produce any document, or merely give you his word for it? A. He gave me his word for it—I found the goods in Surrey-place—that was not the brother's house, at least I was given to understand not.





JOHN BARTLETT
. I am an auctioneer. In May, or June last, I received some articles for sale from Midgley—among those articles was a carpet—I told that, and paid the money to Midgley—I had other articles for sale besides the carpet, there was household furniture and other goods—this paper as a list of the goods that were for sale—I made it out this morning—I have the catalogue—a few days after the carpet was sold, the prisoner Miers called on me—he did not have any conversation with me then—he called again, and demanded the money for the carpet—I told him I had paid slidgiey for it, and showed him Midgley's receipt—I had received part of the other goods from Mr. Miers, and part from Midgley—part were delivered by Mr. Miers himself—I went to his house if High-street for some, and part of them he delivered himself in a cab—some of the goods I am about to read came from No. 65, Crawford-street—(reading) I—consisting of a roller-blind, ladder, mahogany wash-stand, two coffee boilers, two tin covers, two wash-stands, sundry forms, three coffee-house settles, rods and curtains, three mahogany tap tables, pictures, wainscot chest of drawers, two coffee-house tables, two mahogany diningtables, boxes and partitions, a stump bedstead, blankets, feather bed and bolster, counterpane, pair of sheets, a napkin, six shawls, three Pieces of Irish linen, and two carpet bags—the principal part of those things were sold on the 1st of August, 1837—they were sold by auction—when Miers called for the money for the carpet, be said the carpet belonged to him, and I should not have paid Midgley—I sold the goods on commission for Mr. Green, to whom the auction-room belonged—Mr. Miers brought a letter from Midgley to say the goods belonged to him, authorising Mr. Green to pay him, not only for the goods which came from High-street, but also from Crawford-street—Mr. Green received the money as clerk of the sale, and having received the money from Mr. Green in part of the sale, I paid the prisoner part, but I do not think he has received the balance—I paid it in consequence of a communication made to me from Midgley, through the prisoner—while the goods were in the progress of being sold, Mr. Miers called at my house several times—he attended one sale, and bought goods.


Q. Now at any time when Mr. Miers called on you did he make inquiry as to your being able to sell any thing else for him? A. Yes he asked me if I could sell any shop goods—I cannot state at what time that was—it was prior to August, because the sale took place in August—the sale of the shop goods was in August—they were all in the same catalogue—was after that conversation that some of the shop goods I have read over was brought to me—about a month after the sale the prisoner called on me, and stated that he was about to dispose of some soiled goods, which he had at him house in High-street, and I solicited the sale in consequence of his having stated that he was going to fit up a lodging-house—I solicited his favour saying, I should like a good sale, and he could buy goods of us in exchange—he did not carry that into execution with me—I saw after this at his shop in High-street—the shop windows had bills in them that time to dispose of the stock—I did not speak to him in the shop—I did not go in—I saw him in the shop putting some articles in the window, and there were some bills stuck up about the stock selling off or to the effect—I really cannot say when that was—I cannot say How soon it was after the conversation about disposing of the soiled stock.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is it not a very common thing in London for linen-drapers, as well as others, to put up bills about disposing of their stock at an enormous sacrifice, to induce customers to come? A. I have heard of such things—it is very common—I believe the same shop may have bills of that kind up for years together—I was not before the Magistrate.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was any thing known of you at all, till within the last four or five days? A. Not till yesterday morning, when I was sent for.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were these three pieces of Irish linen, which you sold for Mr. Miers, sold at a loss? A. I do not know what he paid for then.

Q. Did he not refuse, in consequence of what they were sold for, to he you have any more, and take away the shawls and carpet bag? A. He took the carpet bag and five shawls away.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was it after that, he told you of his intention of selling off his stock? A. Yes.





FREDERICK FUTVOY
. I am the agent of the London Parcels; Delivery Company—my place of business is in High-street, Marylebone. On Friday, the 19th of January last, I received a parcel from Mr. Mien—we haves book, in which we make our memoranda—it was directed to Mr. Bustin, No. 8, Ingram-court, Fenchurch-street—I remember hearing of the fire in High-street—this was the day before the fire—the size of the parcel, to the best of my recollection, was fifteen or sixteen inches square—I do not recollect the weight—after the parcel had been delivered to me, the person I always understood to be Miers, and believe to be the prisoner, came back to open it to put something else in—I cannot say whether it was a letter—it was a piece of white paper—I could not see what was in the parcel—I was at the further end of the shop—I believe the parcel was forwarded to Ingram-court—it was sent from us—we received a parcel on the 29th, directed to Mrs. Clark, 30, Surrey-place, Old Kent-road—I do not know that it came from Miers.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you not put the weights down? A. No—we never, at that time, weighed them—there are four delivers daily—the person I always supposed to be Miers brought the parcel—I am not sure it was the prisoner—I was not before the Magistrate.


MR. KELLY. Q. Have you looked at the prisoner? A. Yes—I believe it was him.





CHARLES DAVIS
. I live in Great Marylebone-street, and am an agent to the London Parcels' Delivery Company. On the 26th of December I received a parcel addressed to Mrs. Clark, in the Old Kent-road—I have not the slightest recollection who brought it—I also received a parcel on the 1st of January—I have no knowledge whatever who brought it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Is this your first appearance of this case? A. Yes.





GEORGE BONE
. I live in Crawford-street, and am an agent to the Parcels' Delivery Company. I do not know the prisoner—I never saw him before that I know of—I do not know who the parcels came from which I received.





GEORGE GALLOWAY
. I live at No. 7, Bowling-street. I knew the lad who was employed by the prisoner—I was agent for the London Parcels' Delivery Company—on the 28th of October, and from that time to the 6th of January, I received parcels, which were brought by a lad in the prisoner's employ—I received nine parcels from the lad, and one from the servant maid—they were directed to Mrs. Miers, 34, Whitechapel-road—the last parcel came on the 6th of January, and went away on the 7 th—they were brown paper parcels, I should judge from a foot to eighteen inches long, nearly square—the first parcel I weighed was under 7lb., and the other parcels averaged about that weight—they felt similar to shawls or linen—was something soft, such as shawls or linen, as far as I can describe.





ALEXANDER WATKINS
. I am a surgeon. I knew the shop of Mr. Miers, in High-street, Marylebone—about ten days or a fortnight before the fire I had occasion to make a purchase there—the principal part of the stock I observed was woollen goods, shawls and comforters—the shop appeared to be very scantily supplied, I should say, from its first commencement—I had been in the habit of passing it eight or ten times a day, and from the beginning it appeared to be scantily supplied—I passed it several times the very day the fire happened—I should say the stock had diminished at that time—it was very ill supplied during the last month—on the day of the fire I noticed a great many shawls hung up in the window—they were common woollen shawls, and also some calico—that was the nature of the things I saw in passing the shop—the goods I have seen there for the last month I should say were very common goods.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you in the habit of prying into different shops to see if they increase or diminish? A. I am constantly in the habit of seeing goods in shops by going into. them, a person cannot help noticing—I am not constantly in the habit of looking into shops, but that shop I noticed particularly—I was not before the Magistrate—there were principally woollen goods in the shop, and some of those red comforters—I have seen some caps hanging up—I did not on any one day observe a diminution, but in the course of the week I certainly did—I do not remember observing any lace hanging up—I cannot say whether there was any Irish linen or not—some of the shelves appeared to have parcels, what was in them I cannot say—Irish linens are generally done up in large blue paper parcels—I did not observe any of those in the shop—if there was any, my inspection was not minute enough to see them—if any were put up like "dummies" I did not see them—I could not see into the drawers to see if there was lace in them—it was in the winter season that I saw the shawls

and comforters hanging up—many linen drapers have shawls and comforters hanging up in the winter, but not the description of shawls I saw there they were so common, such as you generally see servants wearing, what I should call worsted—I did not notice any silk shawls—I will not swear there were not any—I can only swear to what I saw—there must have been a great many things I did not see—I could not see into the drawers—I cannot tell How many times I have been into the shop—the last time went in I purchased a red comforter for my errand-boy—that was not the only purchase I made there—I bought some sewing cotton for my with there, one day as I was going out she requested me to buy it for her, and bought a pair of gloves for myself—I found each article I wanted—I do not remember buying any thing else—I do not recollect How long it is since I made the first purchase—the cotton was the first thing I bought—I cannot tell How long ago that is—I bought the comforter about a fortnight before the fire—I was talking to both Mr. and Mrs. Miers at the time—I do not know which of the two served me—they were both serving in the shop—I do not know whether there was a boy serving—I am sure I do not remember whether any other person was in the shop or not—I cannot say on that particular day—I have seen a boy in the shop—I did not notice whether there was a boy there that day—one customer came into the shop while I was there—I do not know who served him, but I think it was Mrs. Miers—I was engaged in conversation with Mr. Miers, and did not observe what that customer was buying—I do not recollect having been to the shop oftener than I have stated—I cannot say whether there was any Irish linen there—I did not notice whether there was any or not—there might have been fifty pieces there without my observing them.

MR. KELLY. Q. You speak of having been three times in the shop; were your observations such as you made in passing, as to what was in the window? A. Decidedly in the window—the goods, as far as I noticed were generally of an inferior description.





AGNES CRAWFORD
. I live in Great Marylebone-street. I remember the fire happening at Mr. Miers's—the day before that I went to the shop for a pair of black worsted stockings—I was shown two pain—they did not suit me—they were very coarse—I asked for finer, and said I would not mind giving 1s. 8d.—Mrs. Miers served me, and she said they had no others—I thought the shop was very thinly stocked, very badly stocked indeed, which has been my opinion in general, lately—I noticed the shelves had a very scanty appearance indeed—one window of the shop looks into Bowling-street—I observed some stays there, which I thought remarkably cheap—I observed nothing else at that time—I cannot say whether there were any shawls there—the stays attracted my attention more than any thing.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Perhaps you wanted stays? A. At that time I did, and they attracted my attention—I cannot tell whether there were any shawls in the window—I did not notice any thing at all but the stays—there were other things in the window—I was never in the shop but three times—I did not observe the shelves till the last time—I went on the Friday night—I never noticed any Irish linen being there at all—it must have been about the middle of last summer I was first in the shop—I do not recollect seeing any linen at all—I went in for other things—and I made no particular observation then—I cannot undertake to swear that there was no linen there, but I never noticed any—I saw some very common shawls, some caps, and a great number of common ribbons—not so

good as I have on now—there was some common edging hanging up—I cannot undertake to say there was no lace—there were some small drawers in the shop, but I did not notice them—I went there each of the three times to buy—the first time I went for some white satin ribbon, but they had not any to suit me—they had some ribbons, and offered to get me some—it has repeatedly happened that I could not be suited in shops—it a Common thing with respectable shopkeepers to offer to get a thing if they have not got it by them—stockings at 1s. 8d. are rather fine—in the summer I went to buy white cotton stockings—they were for the servant-girl—I did not wish to buy any thing for myself there—there were four or five pairs of stays in the window, which I thought very cheap—I did not bargain for them—I had not the money with me to buy them.





MARIA EMMERSON
. I live with Mr. Higgins, who keeps a coffee-shop, at No. 13, John-street, Oxford-street. I know the prisoner at the bar—on Friday, the 19th of January, he came to the coffee-shop, about nine o'clock in the evening, and brought two parcels—he asked me to take care of them, and said he would call for them in a few days—they were two brown paper parcels—one was rather large, and the other small—they were larger than that box—one was rather more than twice as large, and the other was not so large, but the smallest was larger than that box—he asked me to take care of them, and said he would call for them in a few days—I afterwards made a mark on them when the Inspector came—the prisoner called again a few days after—two or three days after—it was after the Sunday, about seven or eight o'clock in the evening—I cannot say exactly the time—it was after dark—the gas was lighted—he asked me if I had taken care If the parcels—I told him yes—he said he could not take them then; he would take them another time—that was all he said—I had never seen him before he came the first time with the parcels—the police-officers called on a Friday after, and took the parcels away—it was a month from the. day the prisoner brought them that they were taken away—it was on the Friday month after he brought them.

COURT. Q. Then he never called again? A. No—I never saw him since.

MR. CLARXSON. Q. Are you acquainted with any person named Midgley? A. No; I know nothing of him—there was no such person in the habit of frequenting master's house—I do not know the gentleman if I see him—no person of that name was in the habit of leaving or receiving parcels at our house—they were the two first that I had taken in—(the parcels were here produced)—that is one—the paper of the other has been turned, think—yes, that is the other parcel.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How do you know the parcels? A. Because I marked them—that parcel has been undone, and the paper turned—I did not give any other parcels than these to Campbell or Dyer—this is the mark I made—I cannot write—they told me to put any thing I liked on it—they are the parcels, both of them—I am quite sure these are the marks I made on them—I never saw the prisoner only once when he brought the parcels, and once after—it was nine o'clock in the evening when he brought them—he remained but a very few minutes then—he had his tea when he came the second time, and went out again directly—ours is a shop of a great deal of business—we have a great many customers, but I do not very often see different faces—we have regular customers—a great many—that is the gentleman that brought the parcels to me—when he came with the parcels he had a cloak on, and when fee, came after them he had

a great coat on—I am quite sure of him—he never came after them again—if he had come and asked for them when I was out, most likely it would be named to me when I came home—I was only in the habit of going out on Sunday—I am confident he came on the day I have said—it was on the Friday, because I cleaned my coffee-room out, and I always clean it out on Friday—I am quite sure it was the day I cleaned the coffee-room oat—I know it was that particular Friday, because I looked back in the almanac to see—I counted the weeks—I can read—I recollect it as well without, as with the almanac—I looked at the almanac because I would be confident—it was just a month to the time the parcels were taken away—I had seen the account of the fire in the papers—I have not had any communication with anybody connected with the fire-office since—I have not seen Mr. Rickards or Campbell since I have been here—I had not seen any of the fire-office people between the time of the fire and my going before the Magistrate—they came after me—master sent for Inspector Campbell, and he asked me about it when he took the parcels—I had no conversation with him between the time of his taking the parcels and my going before the Magistrate.

Q. Did you give your evidence to Mr. Rickards, the attorney, belonging to the fire-office? A. He was at Marylebone—I told him at Marylebone—I told the Magistrate there—I did not go to any house before that—my evidence has not been taken by anybody except the Magistrate—I have had no conversation with any of the fire-office people about it—I have come from John-street, Oxford-street, now—I do not know a person of the name of Midgley—I know pretty well all the names of my master's customers, and there is never such a person comes there—we have about thirty regular customers, and about thirty irregular ones—I do not exactly know all their names, but I know them by sight—there may be persons known to my master and mistress and not to me.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When the prisoner called at your house after he left the parcels, did he at that time tell you his house had been burnt down or that he had had a fire, or any thing of the kind? A. No, he did not.





WILLIAM WHITEWICK
. I am in partnership with Mr. Brooks, in the Borough. About a fortnight back, I made a purchase of some shawl of Mr. Jervis, the attorney for the prisoner—Mr. Brooks gave a cheque for them to Mr. Weston—Mr. Weston came to our house, and I went with him to Mr. Jervis's office—I paid 40l. for the shawls—they are the same shawls my partner afterwards saw in our establishment, bearing shop marks.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you inquire of Mr. Jervis or Mr. Weston where the property came from? A. No, Mr. Jervis told me they were taken out of pawn—that was a voluntary communication from himself—I did not make any inquiry about them, in consequence of Mr. Jervis's respectability—I knew him before—I believed him to be respectable, and still believe him to be so.





MARY WOOD
. I am the wife of Jonathan Wood, and live at No. 118 Great Titchfield-street—we keep a coffee-shop there. I know the prisoner, Mr. Miers, by his bringing parcels to my house—I did not know him before—I first saw him on Saturday, the 20th of January—he came about five o'clock that afternoon—he had given two parcels to my little girl, who I had passed as I went down the shop—I did not see him give them to her—he asked for me—I was in the parlour, and learnt that somebody wanted to speak to me—he asked my little girl

or her mother—I went into the shop, and there saw the prisoner and the two parcels—we had at that time a hill in our window for lodgings to let—the prisoner asked if I had a room to let him a—I told him I had not got a room, I had part of a bed, but I could not exactly say when it would be at liberty—I told him I could not have him an answer then, on account of a gentleman's servant, who was in new of a situation, and I could not say exactly when it would be at party—he then said he would come in again and take tea, and he went away she said he had no objection to part of a bed, as I had not got a room—he had given the parcels to my little girl to take care of—he said so to me—my little girl had taken them into the parlour—I did not see the parcels before he left—yes, I saw them in my little girl's hand as I was coming into the shop—I took care of those parcels till they were afterwards delivered to the policeman—I delivered them myself to Sergeant Dyer—they remained in my possession till I delivered them to him—he and Mr. Campwell were both together—(locking at two parcels produced)—that is one of the first parcels—I do not know the other, but it is one of the six—the prisoner did not come back to tea—I was not present, about eleven o'clock the same night, when any other parcels were delivered—I was present on Monday, the 22nd of January, when two other parcels were delivered by the prisoner—before he came on the Monday, two more parcels had been left, but I did not see the prisoner till he came on the Monday—I saw him then—I was in the bar—he came into the shop, and sat down on the first seat—he asked me again about the lodgings—this was about ten minutes to five o'clock—he asked me what time it was, and I told him—he asked if I could accommodate him with a lodging—I told him I could not give him any answer then—he said he did not want the lodging that night—that he was going to the play, and should sleep at a friend's house in the City—he said he would look in again to-morrow—he brought two parcels with him that Monday afternoon—that wrapped in the newspaper is one of them—I cannot tell which is the other—those two were part of the six which were afterwards delivered to Dyer—when he brought these other parcels, he did there were two more parcels he wanted to leave—I do not remember making any answer—I took them, and put them with the others—he did not say any thing then as to his house having been burnt—he did not tell the who he was, or why he wanted lodgings—he went away, saying he would come next day, but he did not come, and I did not see or hear of him again ill Saturday, the 3rd of February, which was nearly a fortnight after—I had not heard of the fire in the meantime, but I had had some communication with Dyer, the police-sergeant, and Mr. Campbell, the inspector, and had thrown them the parcels—the prisoner came on the evening of Saturday, the 3rd of February, and took a cup of tea and sat an hour—he then asked for me—I went to him, and he asked me about a lodging again—I told him he could have a lodging, and he said he would take it from the following night Saturday)—I said he could have it, and he said he would come on the Sunday night—he then said he wanted to take the parcels away to the coach-office, as he was going into the country on Monday—we told him we could not allow the to take the parcels away, for as he had left them so long, we had communicated it to the police, and we thought it was not all right—my husband was there, and I think me and my husband both told him that—it was the first mention that had been made of the police—he said the property was his on, and he would satisfy my husband if he would go with him to

Edgware-road, to a friend's house—he did not mention the name—my husband said no, he could not go with him, but if he would allow him to send for the police, or the inspector, the parcels would be given up to him—the prisoner then wanted to call a coach and take my husband—my husband said he would wait till he returned and brought his friend, if he would fetch his friend there—he said he would return in half an hour, and went away—he did not return, and I never saw him again till I saw him at the police office.

Q. During the whole of that time did the prisoner say any thing to you on to your husband, about having had his house burnt or property destroyed A. No; he did not—he did not tell me who he was or where he lived, not mention his name at all—when he went away, he left all the parcels with us—these are the six parcels—they were shown to me before at the police office—they were never taken away from our house till we were called as Marylebone office, which was on the 12th or the 13th of February—I do not know any thing of a person named Midgley—he had never been in the habit of using our house for receiving or leaving parcels, that I know of—there was no one in particular for whom we had been in the habit of receiving parcels—I do not to this moment know anybody of the name of Midgley.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You ay he did not tell you his name; did you ask for his name? A. I did not, nor did my husband in my presence—I did not ask him where he lived, or make any inquiries of him as to who or what he was, nor did my husband in my presence—I did not ask him the name of his friend in the Edgware-road, or the number of the house—we did not make any inquiry about who the person was in the Edgware-road—my little girl is about nine years old—she is not here—our shop is near Oxford market—there are several other coffee-shops is the neighbourhood and near Oxford market—I have not been examined by anybody belonging to the Fire-office—I have not been to Mr. Rickards' office—my evidence has not been taken down by any one on the part of the Fire-office that I know of—I have had no conversation with any one connected with the Fire-office, no more than Mr. Toplis called—I cannot recollect when it was he called—I cannot tell the day of the month or week—he did not have any tea and toast—I had not heard of the fire at the time—I should think it was about a week after the last of the parcels had been left at my house that Mr. Toplis called—I should think he remained in the house two hours—Mr. Campbell, Sergeant Dyer, my husband, and myself were present—Mr. Toplis did not put any questions to me or to my husband—he looked at what was in the parcels—he was two hours examining the parcels—he talked to Mr. Campbell—I do not recollect his asking me or my husband any questions—no one besides Mr. Toplis came to me from the Fire-office—our house is three doors from Castle-street, Oxford-market.

MR. KELLY. Q. Were you examined at Marylebone police-office? A. Yes; except that, I have not given my evidence to anybody—I have had nothing to do with Mr. Toplis, except that he came to our house and examined the parcels.





JONATHAN WOOD
. I am the husband of the last witness. I saw the prisoner on Saturday, the 20th of January last—that was the first time, to my knowledge, that I had ever seen him—it was between ten and eleven o'clock at night—he brought two parcels with him, and asked me if I would take care of them—I told him I would, and he asked me if I could

see gave him any answer whether he could have a lodging there—I told him could not then give him an answer—he said he would look in again tomarrow that he had a friend waiting outside, and it did not signify, and he do not away—I cannot tell which are the two parcels he delivered to me, I do not know them, hut the two he left that night are two of the six which were afterwards delivered to the police—I did not see him any more of the 3rd of February—he took something at our house that night, but I am not certain what—after sitting there a great while, (nearly an hour, I should think,) he said he had left some parcels some time ago, and asked again if he could have a lodging—I told him I would speak to my wife—he did not say any thing then about having had a fire, or his house being burnt down—nor did he, when he came on the 20th of January, tell me who he was or where he lived)—I went and fetched my wife, and we let him the lodging—he was to sleep with a young man, and pay 3s. a week—he agreed to that, and he was to come on the Tuesday following—he then wanted to take the parcels away to take them to a coach-office, and said he was going into the country—he said, previous to that, that he had been in the country—I told him, in consequence of his leaving the parcels did not calling, I had mentioned it to the police, and could hot give up the parcels till I went to the police-office again—I had, in consequence of suspicions I entertained, informed the police of the circumstance—when I told him I had done so, he wished me to call a coach, and go with him to friend in Edgware-road, and that would convince me the parcels were his—I refused to go, and told him I must acquaint the police of it before I could give them up—he said he would go away and bring his friend, and went away—in the meantime I went to the police-office—he never returned with his friend—he never gave any intimation, when he called on the 3rd of February, of having had a fire in his house, or any thing having happened to him at all.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You say he did not mention his name; did you ask his name? A. No—I asked him no question to as certain who or what he was—not from beginning to end—my wife was present when the agreement was made for the lodging—Edgware road is, I suppose, about a mile from my house—it would take perhaps half an hour to go there and back in a coach—his proposal was, that I should go with him to his friend, and the parcels should remain at my house till we came back—that was what I understood.

Q. Pray, have you seen Mr. Toplis? A. I have—he has been to my house—I have only seen him there once, that was about a fortnight after the Monday on which the prisoner had called, and I believe it was the day before Saturday, the 3rd of February, when the prisoner last called—Campbell and Dyer were with Mr. Toplis when he came—my wife was there—I do not know that anybody else was there except the servant, and she was not in the room—he was in the parlour looking the parcels over—he was there perhaps an hour or an hour and a half—he did not say a word about the fire—he did not tell me who he was—I do not recollect that he asked me any questions—not to my knowledge—he might ask me a question certainly, but perhaps not relative to this—he did not ask me any thing about the fire—he did not say he came from the Fire-office—he was looking over the parcels, and taking notes—he might be there two hours—he was occupied all that time in looking over the parcels and taking notes—I was bound over to appear here.





JAMES DYER
 (police-sergeant E 2.) In consequence of information

which I received, I went on Tuesday, the 23rd of January, to the coffee-shop of Wood's in Titchfield-street, and remained in attendance there incase the prisoner made his appearance—I remained there till Wednesday evening, and was then discharged by my superior officer from further attendance—I saw six parcels there, which I have produced—I have produced the same six parcels that I saw there—I accompanied Inspector Campbell when he apprehended the prisoner—I went to Emmerson's, and brought two parcels away from there—they are the two which I have produced.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were you present at the time Mr. Miers was apprehended? A. Yes—he was taken in New Bridge-store within three or four doors of Mr. Toplis's house—I had been to Mr. Toplis's house, and was in a room there some portion of the time, bat not at the time the prisoner came out of the house—I was not in the house when he was apprehended—I had been out of the house I should say an hour—I might have been in the house about twenty-five minutes or rather longer—Campbell was with me there—we were both waiting in a room there is consequence of a communication.

Q. Did you know that Mr. Miers was coming there to explain his accounts to Mr. Toplis, and were you not there to take him into custody when he came? A. We had no directions to do so—we were aware he was coming to attest his claim—we were not placed there on purpose to take him into custody when he did come—there was a communication from Mr. Toplis to inspector Campbell that he was coming there to after his claim, but it was on our own responsibility we took him into custody—Mr. Toplis allowed us to wait in his house about twenty-five minutes.

Q. How came you to go out again, why not stop? A. I went out of my own will, and afterwards took him in the street—I saw him come out of Mr. Toplis's house—I touched him on the shoulder, and told him I wanted to speak with him—I said no more at that time because Mr. Campbell was present and entered into conversation with him—Mr. Campbell stepped up to him immediately, and said, "Mr. Miers, I wish to speak to you concerning some parcels left at a coffee-shop in Great Titchfield-street"—the prisoner said, "What parcels?"—Mr. Campbell said, "Yes don't mean to say you did not leave them?"—the prisoner said, "Yes there were some parcels left"—Mr. Campbell said, "Yes, and by you." and he said yes, but they were not his property, they were a friend's of his, who had directed him to leave them there—Mr. Campbell then inquired to know whether they had been called for previously by Mr. Midgley—he had named Midgley as the friend—before that Campbell had cautioned him as to answering questions—Mr. Campbell was dressed in a green coat over his uniform, and I was in plain clothes—I had a drab great coat on—neither of us had the appearance of officers, but Mr. Campbell represented himself as an inspector after he spoke to him relative to the inquiry—it was not after he said it was not his property, but the property of a friend—I will swear it was not after that—he said, "You don't know me, I am an inspector of police, and if you are not satisfied I will show you my uniform"—those were his words.

Q. At what part of the conversation will you venture to swear that took place? A. Directly after Mr. Campbell had represented that he wished to speak to him concerning the parcels left at Great Titchfield-street—not before he had made an answer to it—he had made his answer—he said "There were parcels left"—Mr. Campbell said, "Yes, and by you"—he

said, "Yes," and then Mr. Campbell said, he was an inspector of Police, and he must consider himself in our custody—the conversation occurred after he was taken into custody—I believe there is no mistake about that—I did not tell him he was in our custody when I first tapped him on the shoulder—my superior officer being present, I left it to him—we did not want to make him believe we were private persons—I was acting under the directions of my superior officer—after Mr. Campbell told him he was an Inspector, he represented then that they were not his parcels but the property of one Midgley, and that it was by his desire he left them—and he said "where parcels had been left previously"—I have no recollection of any other conversation taking place—I took him to the station-house—I and Mr. Campbell went with him—that is all I recollect passing.





SAMPSON DARKIM CAMPBELL
. I am an inspector of Police. In consequence of information I received, I went to Wood's Coffee-shop, in Titchfield-street—I there saw the six parcels—these are them now on the table—I examined their contents on the 24th of January—they have since been seen by Mr. Bailey, of St. Paul's-churchyard—I also got two parcels from Emmerson, at Higgins's coffee-shop—these are the two—they are Not. 1 and 2£—I have a list of the articles in the parcels.
(It was here admitted by the prisoner's counsel, that the aggregate value of the whole parcels was 63l.—The parcels being inspected, No. 1, from Wood's, was stated to contain shawls, silk handkerchiefs, and other articles of trade, valued at 11l. 18s. 3d.—No. 2, ribbons, &c., valued at 8l. 0s. 5 1/2 d.—No. 3, child-bed-linen, coral, and bells, valued at 3l. 16s.—No. 4, shawls, pieces of merino, and cambric, valued at 6l. 6s. 11 1/2 d.—No. 5, twenty-nine squares of fine diaper napkins, marked "M," and numbered, valued at 2l. 18s.—No. 6, stockings, edgings, and other things, valued at 5l. 14s. 8d.—Parcel No. 1, E., at Higgins's, sheeting, gloves, &c., valued at 11l. 0s. 4 1/2 d., and No. 2, E., caps, laces, veils, and shawls, valued at 13l. 5s. 1d.)





SAMPSON DARKIN CAMPBELL
 (continued.) In parcel No. 3, there is a silver coral and bells; also a bible and prayer-book, which are new, and very handsomely bound—there is no name in them—this is the coral.

Q. When did you first obtain information about any of these parcels? A. On the night of Monday, the 22nd of January, about half-past eleven o'clock—that relates to the first six—I had not heard of the fire at that time—I read an account of the fire in the newspaper, while I was waiting for the person I supposed would call for the parcels at the coffee-shop—I think that was on the Tuesday, the following day—in consequence of suspicions we had of the person who had left the parcels, I and Dyer were on the look-out for him several days—we were there till about two o'clock on the Wednesday, and then, as nobody came, were determined to open them.

Q. I want to know whether you merely went and apprehended the prisoner on the 12th, on information you then received, or whether you were, on your own account, on the look-out for him, for several days before? A. Yes—we were on the look-out for him from the 22nd of January, when we learnt that the parcels were left, until the 12th of February—I was Dyer's superior officer—he acted under my authority—I did not apprehend the prisoner from any instructions from the Insurance Company—having made a report to the Commissioners of Police, I acted under their orders—when I afterwards learnt that the prisoner was to be at Mr. Toplis, on

the 12th of February, I went there for the purpose of apprehends him and did apprehend him in New Bridge-street, within a door or two of Mr. Toplis's house, about the second door, after he left Mr. Toplis—I said "Mr. Miers, I wish to ask you some questions, concerning some parcels left in Great Titchfield-street"—he said, "What parcels?"—I said, "Some parcels which were left at a coffee-shop there, I believe by you"—he did not make any answer to that—I waited a moment or two for his answer and finding there was a hesitation, I said, "You don't mean to say you did not leave them?"—he said, "There were some left"—I said, "Yes, and by you"—he said, "Yes, I did leave some, but they are not my property, they are the property of a friend"—I said it was very extraordinary they should be left there, under the circumstances they were, and said "You don't know me, I suppose?—I am an inspector of Police"—he looked rather sharply round, and I said, "If you have any doubt, I will show you my uniform"—I had a great coat, buttoned, and proceeded to unbutton it—he said, "Oh, I will take your word"—I said, "You must consider yourself in my custody"—he said, "Oh, indeed"—Mr. Campion, a gentleman who had been with him at Mr. Toplis's, was with him then, and some conversation took place between the prisoner and Mr. Campion, relative to letting a friend of his, named Jervis, know—he gave Mr. Campion his direction, and Mr. Campion left—we then crossed over to the other side—I said it was a very unpleasant business, I trusted he would be able to explain it—he said the things were left by him by the direction of a person named Midgley, who had directed him to the coffee-shop, having had things left there before—I asked him if he knew where Midgley was—he said no, he did not know, he believed he was in confinement, somewhere, but he did not know where—I said, "Don't you know be is in Whitecross-street prison?"—he said, "Very likely he is, I don't know that he is; but I hoped that be had got out before now"—I said, "Do you know whether any application has been made on the part of Midgley for the parcels, since they were left?"—he said, "Not that I know of—I am not aware"—I then asked him if he knew whether the parcels had been fetched away—he said, "If they had been taken away', you would not have come after me."

Q. Did you say any thing to him in this part of the conversation about not answering any thing unless he thought proper? A. I think it was after saying it was an unpleasant business, I said, "Mind, I do not wish to elicit any thing from you likely to injure you; I will ask a question or two, do not answer if you think it likely to injure you"—I then asked him if he had made any application himself about the things—he said no he had not—I asked him, "Have you never been, then, to the coffee-shop?"—I asked him if he knew of any application being made for them—he said none that he knew of—I asked him if he had been himself to the coffee-shop since the night he left them—he said no he had never troubled him self about them since he left them there—I had no further conversation with him relative to the business—we went to the station.

Q. Do you remember either then, or at any time, asking him any thing about a servant? A. Certainly I do—there is one part I have omitted—in going along he turned shortly round and said, "Do you know a person named Sarah Davis?"—I said, "No, I do not"—he said, "Are you sure of that?"—I said I assure you I do not; perhaps you will have no objection to tell me your motive for asking the question—he said, "Oh no, never

mind"—I asked him whether the servant who lived with him at the time of he fire was still in his service—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Is she at Fen-church-street?"—he said, "Yes, she is there with my wife"—I meant at Ingram-court—I expressed my regret at apprehending him at that time of night—he said, "Oh you could have had me at any time if you had chosen"—said, "That is not so; you have not been home to your lodging in In-gram-court since Saturday week"—he made no answer to that—I believe that was the conclusion of the conversation—we bad then got to the station-house—he said nothing that night as to whether he should say any thing more to me or not.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Pray at what part of the conversation was it you gave him the caution not to tell you any thing unless he Hewed? A. I think it followed my saying it was an unpleasant business, and I trusted he would be able to explain it—it was not after I had asked him about Midgley, that I swear—I told him I was an inspector, after my asking him whether he had not left the parcels—it was after he told me they were not his property, but the property of a friend—it was then I told him who I was—after I told him who I was, there was no conversation between him and me until we crossed over to the other side, after Mr. Campion had parted from him—I would not venture to swear that be called Mr. Jervis his friend, or whether he merely gave Mr. Campion the direction of Mr. Jervis—I will not swear that he said his friend—he did not mention He word "attorney" at all.

Q. Did he not seem very much surprised after having a conversation with you in plain clothes, to find you were an officer, and took him into custody? A. He certainly was surprised—he said, "Oh, indeed"—he did not say it was a trap laid on the part of the office.

Q. From whom did you get the information that he was coming to Mr. Toplis? A. I received the information from Mr. Toplis, in answer to an Application made by me—I was in one of his rooms for half an hour—Sarah Davis was examined as a witness before the Magistrate, and she is here—Mr; Rickards attended before the Magistrate on the morning the first investigation took place, but after it had been gone into to some extent—Mr. Rickards wished it put off until one o'clock, but the Magistrate would not consent—I was at the police-office when Mr. Rickards was there. Q. Did Mr. Rickards say to the Magistrate that the Fire-office did not think they could press the detention of Mr. Miers, as he had refused to, sign the draft claim which had been first furnished? A. He did not give Office as a reason—I understood the reason given by him was, that the Office was not prepared to prosecute in the present situation or state of the case.

Q. Have a care; I have a person here who heard it; was it not that the Fire-office did not think they could press his detention, as the draft claim was not signed, and the fraud was not completed? A. I did not hear that, but I heard Mr. Rickards say, when he first came into the office, that the Office were not prepared to prosecute in the present state of things—he did not say they were not prepared to press for his detention—I did not hear that—four or five witnesses had been examined at that time—I had been I examined, Dyer had not—the Woods had—I do not think Mr. Campion was examined till the second examination—I did not hear Mr. Rickards say that they did not think they could press for the prisoner's detention.

MR. KELLY. Q. How many persons were before the Magistrate altogether

when Mr. Rickards made the observation you have stated? A. I think not above four were examined on the first day—that was the morning of the 13th of February, the day after the interview at Mr. Toplips's—I do not mean to say that T have given the precise words of my conversation with the prisoner, but I am certain they were to that effect—I made a memorandum of the heads of it.





SARAH DAVIS
. I am now living with Mrs. Sands, in Oxford-street was in the service of the prisoner for six months—I left in November—he afterward refused to give me a character, for the breakages I had made and the state he said I left the house in—one Saturday night while I was in his service I remember his saying something—he did not say it to me but in my hearing, as I was passing with the supper things, master and mistress were sitting together at supper—he was complaining to mistress of the badness of trade, and wished there was a train in the house—I think that was about two months before I left the service—I heard him complain once or twice of the badness of his business; and his sister in particular used to tell me How bad business was.

Q. While you were in the service do you remember parcels of goods being sent any where? A. Yes, they were always directed to Miss York at Isleworth—I have seen Mrs. York in High-street—they are the mother and sister of Mrs. Miers.

Cross-examined by
MR. JAMES. Q. You live now with Mrs. Sands? A. Yes—I have been there seven weeks on Thursday—Mr. Miers refused to give me a character on account of the breakages, and the state I left the house in—that was all he said—I told him mistress had promised me a character the last night I was with her, and I should send to him for one—that was every thing that was said—that was when I asked for a character—I had never been charged with any dishonesty while I was there—not about a pair of stockings—there was a mistake about that—they were given to me to mend, and mistress went into a passion one Sunday because I had not taken them up—they were legs of stockings to join to the feet—because I had not taken them up in time, she said I wished to keep then—mistress made the mistake—I did not put them on, nor wear them—they were found in the kitchen drawer—that was not mentioned at all when I asked about the character—there was no mistake about any gown sleeves—nothing occurred about any gown sleeves while I was there—I lived with Mr. Reeves, of North-street, before I went to Mr. Miers—Mrs. Sands, my present employer, took me without a character, but she went to my house, and to persons who have known me from a child.

Q. As near as you can recollect, How long after you had been in Mr. Miers's service was it that you heard him say what you have stated?—A. About four months—I went in May, and it was in September, I think—he was complaining to his wife of the badness of trade—they were in the parlour behind the shop—I was passing out with the supper things—I was on the steps of the door at the time I heard it—there were two steps inside the door, and I was on the inner step, within the door—he said, "It is a very bad night, there is nothing done at all"—he complained of the badness of trade in his business—he meant at the house in High-street—he said trade had been very bad that night—it was Saturday night, which was a time there was generally more trade—he did not say that, but it was always prepared for as such—the room was not so large as this enclosure (the Counsels table.)

Q. Are you quite certain having heard him mention the word "trade"

once—he did not say he wished there was a trade in the house? A. I fully understood him a train in the house—to the fullest of my understanding it was "train"—I cannot swear that I might not have been mistaken in the letter—the observation occurred to my mind immediately I heard the house was burnt down—I had not mentioned it to any one before, but then I did—I first mentioned it the very morning after the fire—I had not mentioned it to anybody before, to the best of my recollection—I was at home then, in Hereford-street—I had not mentioned it to any but my own family up to the time of the fire—I will not be sure, but I think I repeated it at a baker's shop, at the corner of our street, on the Sunday after the fire—I do not think I repeated it to anybody before the fire—I am thinking now—I cannot recollect that I did—I did not mention it to any one connected with this prosecution, that I know of.

Q. How were you found out as having heard this? A. Mr. Campbell was told it from another person, Mr. Kinghorn, where I have lived since my father and mother have been dead—my mother has been dead nearly five years, and I have lived there when I have been out of services—I think I mentioned it to the person I call my mother (Mrs. Kinghorn) before that time—I was talking to her of the fire—it came fresh to me when I heard of the fire—I have said it came to my mind on hearing of the fire, but I have thought on it now, and I think I mentioned it before the fire occurred—Mr. Campbell came to me on the Friday, as I had been to my situation on the Thursday.

MR. KELLY. Q. You have been asked whether yon were ever charged with dishonesty: was there ever any ground for charging you with dishonesty at any time? A. No, not at any time; if there had, there would have been advantage taken of it—I am in highly respectable service now with the sister of Mr. Robins, the auctioneer.

Q. Was the observation you heard accompanied by any expression which impressed it on your recollection? A. Yes, it was a seeming wish that they had not been in the house, or that they could do away with it—I was coming in and out, and was going out at the door, and did not get the whole sentence together, but I heard him say he had had a very bad night, and he d—d the house, and wished there was a train there.





WILLIAM HOPKINS HOLYLAND
. I am in the house of Pawson and Co., warehousemen and wholesale dealers. They supplied goods to some extent to Mr. Miers in Oxford-street—it was done under a guarantee—the goods were all paid for on the 4th of March, 1837, and the guarantee was withdrawn on the 7th—they did not supply any goods after that—they were never asked.





JAMES BAILEY
. I am one of the firm of Bailey and Milner, in St. Paul's-churchyard—we are linen-drapers and haberdashers. I have examined the contents of the six parcels which are here—they are such as would belong to a retail linen-draper or haberdasher—I find marks on them with respect to the cost price—the prisoner's marks have been furnished to me—I find by these marks that the cost price is 63l.—that excepts the Bible and Prayer Book—I have put the coral at 11l.—it is included in the 63l.—the part valued by me would not exceed 5l.—I value that by my own judgment—the rest is valued by the marks—they are not articles of a superior description, such as would belong to a linen-draper in a large way—they we very much out of condition—some of them are very much soiled and damaged—I should say they appear to be like the remains of a stock—

the original cost of them might be 63l., but not in their present state, or at the present market price—they are soiled, and very much reduced in value—there are remnants of various articles.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How much should you take of the value of the 63l.? A. Fifty per cent.—some of them are not remnants—some of them are very good—I would take off fifty per cent, and then I would not have them.





ROBERT STOREY
. I belong to the fire brigade. I was at the fire on the night of the 20th of January—when I arrived, the house was all on fire from top to bottom—I could not get in—nothing at all could be saved—I was employed to examine the ruins—I found the remnants of a watch—it looked like a silver watch to me, and a chain and seals—there is a little lion on the seal, and a key—it was damaged by the fire—it was not melted, only burnt—I gave it to Mr. Toplis—I did not find any gold watch—I have been used for twenty-two years to inspect the ruins of houses and property burnt—an article like a gold watch would always be capable of being seen after a fire, and being identified—there would be the remains of it, to see what it was—I did not find the remains of any silver spoons or forks—there was a half-crown, a shilling, and some coppers, but no remains of any plate whatever—we should have found the remains of silver spoons if they had been there—we found some remains of linen and linen-draper's goods, but no great deal—if there had been any considerable quantity of woollens or linen, some remnants of them would be found—we did find the remnants of some, but very few—we found the remnants of flannels and linen sheetings—we found the remnants of some linen and sheeting in pieces, but not many—there might be three or four bushel baskets full altogether—that was all we found—I mean that was the quantity found of what would have been in pieces which we got out of the ruins—Staples went over the premises with me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was the fire in progress when you were called in? A. I was called about twenty-five minutes before one o'clock—the fire was in full play when I arrived with the engine—I suppose we were at work at it above half an hour before we stopped the progress of the fire—the house was totally burnt—we saved the next house—it was a fierce fire—it was all in a body of fire together—there was a barricade of palings put round the house, to secure the ruins, two or three days after the fire—I remained on the ruins till the palings were put up—we all staid there night and day—I have put down in my book what firemen were there—Staples is here, but none of the rest—there were seven altogether, five in the day-time, and two in the night.

Q. Pray, would not you expect in a fire of that kind, so fierce as you have described, that every thing would be reduced to ashes? A. Not plate nor copper—I was never examined here before—we found a few remnants of woollen things—there would be some of the fragments left if there had been things there—the fire would not reduce every thing to ashes—large rolls of flannel would not be reduced to ashes—Irish linen, if it was in a roll, would not be burnt to ashes—there would be the remains of it, and there is some on the rollers now—I should expect to find some remains of twenty or thirty yards of calico—I should not expect to find much remains if it was loose—I should not expect to find any remains if it was loose—I should not expect to find any great deal of loose calico—if on rollers we should find some—I cannot say whether we should find enough, if loose, to show us the pattern—if loose, I cannot say whether I should expect to

find any remains—if there was a great fire I should not find much, but some—I found a few steel busks, which go in stays, and a few bits of whalebone—I did not give Mr. Toplis all I found—they are under lock and key.

Q. If there was any glass would it not be entirely fused by the heat of the fire? A. It would be a very heavy fire indeed to make glass so that we should not detect it through a sieve—there was not fire enough to run glass, so that we could not find it in running it through a sieve—it was not enough to melt glass, because it was so soon out—the house was on fire, but there was not heat enough to melt glass or plate—one house was burned, and another damaged.





GEORGE RICHARD STAPLES
. I belong to the fire brigade. I was employed with Storey in sifting the ruins of the fire—the first day I was there we turned it over with a shovel, before we used the sieve—we found the apparent remains of the stock of a shop—I should think the day I was there we did not find more than a bushel basket of remains—I have been engaged with fires since 1825—we generally find the greater part of such goods as are packed close like Irish linen—after we had gone over the ruins I began sifting, and found a seal and a lion I think on the ring with the seal, and a shilling was found and part of a silver pencil-case—we found the half-crowns the first day, along with the silver watch—we did not find any gold watch—these articles are what I found—here is a spoon—I cannot say whether it is silver—I did not examine it—I do not think it is silver.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is it because you did not examine it that you do not think it is silver? A. I did not think it was from the first appearance—I had no charge of the property—I dare say there were four firemen on the ruins sifting—there were not five the day—I was there—I cannot say How many days the sifting continued—I was only there one day, Tuesday, the 13th of February—the sifting began a few days before I was there—there were three firemen besides myself.





EDWARD TURNER
. I am a police-sergeant. I was on duty in the Fulham-road about three o'clock on Sunday morning, the 4th of February—I was in the road leading from Fulham to Hammersmith, and met the prisoner with a bundle Tinder his arm—he was going in the direction of Hammersmith, walking, and alone—in consequence of something which occurred to me at the time, I spoke to him, and asked what he had under his arm in the bundle—he stated that he had a coat and trowsers—I asked him if they were his own—he said, "Yes"—I asked where he was going—he said he was going to Hammersmith to some cousins, and was coming from Mr. Carter's, a linen draper at Wandsworth, that he lived there—I told him he most go with me to Wands worth—I took him back, and on the road I thought I heard money rattling in his pocket—I told him to take his hand out of his pocket till we got to the station-house; and when we got there I searched his pocket, and found a£10 and a£5 Bank of England note, eighteen sovereigns, seven half sovereigns, and 6s. in silver—they were loose in his pocket, not in any thing—when I first heard them they appeared to be running out of a cigar-box which he had in his pocket—I heard them running out—there was a cigar-box in his pocket, a memorandum-book, and some other articles, of which my inspector, Mr. Busain, who was present, took some notes—he was asked his name, and also what he was—he asked me to go with him to the Edgeware-road, to some friend

of his, named Genna—the inspector would not allow me to do that, but said he would allow him to forward a letter—he then mentioned the name of another friend, Mr. Thomas Miers, of Whitechapel-road, and be was allowed to write a letter, by allowing the inspector to look at it before I had it, and that letter I took—he signed his name to the letter as John Martin—(he did not say where he lived—no address was given more than what I saw in the account-book which was in his pocket)—it was the inspector sent me to Mr. Miers, in Whitechapel-road—the inspector took a copy of the letter at the station—I do not remember that the prisoner said any thing further it that time—I got to Whitechapel-road between nine and half-post ten o'clock in the rooming, as near as I can tell—Mr. Thomas Miers was out, but he returned in half an hour—I saw him before eleven o'clock—I delivered him the letter, and he followed me to Wands worth and saw the prisoner, and identified him as being his brother—what passed afterwards was with the inspector—I did not know the prisoner's name was Miers before his brother came.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You first learnt that by the letter which he gave you to his brother? A. I first learnt his name to he Miers by his brother—I found the brother in consequence of the letter, and through him found out the prisoner's name—he came to the station-house to his brother—there was a gentleman along with him, and, to the best of my belief, that is the gentleman (the prisoner's attorney.)

Q. Were you present at any conversation that took place at the time between the prisoner, his brother, and this gentleman? A. Nothing particular—it was inside the office, and I was standing outside—whatever conversation took place, my inspector will state—there was some conversation took place, and it was stated to the inspector by this gentleman or the brother, that the prisoner had left his home in consequence of a quarrel with his wife that night.

MR. KELLY. Q. Did this take place in the course of the conversation which arose when the prisoner's brother went to the station-house at Wandsworth? A. Yes—the inspector attended to it more than I did.





JOHN BUSAIN
. I am inspector of the police, which in February last was stationed at Wandsworth—I remember the Sunday morning, the 4th of February, police-sergeant Turner coming to the station-house with the prisoner about four o'clock—he was presented to me by the sergeant for having in his possession a bundle of clothes, which he refused to give a satisfactory account of—in consequence of that statement I felt it my duty to put some questions to the prisoner—I asked him first How he became possessed of the clothes—he said they were his own—I asked him what was his for being out at so late an hour—the sergeant had given an account of the conversation he had with him—he said he was going to see, I believe, a sister, or friend, a relation at Hammersmith—I then asked him his name—he told me hit name was John Martin—I asked him where he lived, he said with Mr. Genna, 36 Edgeware-road—I was surprised that the sergeant had brought him from the Middlesex side to me, as he belonged to Chelsea station, and asked him why he brought him to me—he said because he had referred to a linen-draper who knew him at Wandsworth (the Bee-hive) who he had formerly lived with, a Mr. Carter, and therefore he thought it necessary to bring him over to me, that if the reference was correct, he might go about his business—I told the prisoner I was not satisfied with the account, and his being out at that hour, and wished to know what other property ha had about him—he put his hand into his coat pocket, and took out a lot of gold,

sovereigns and half sovereigns—it was a kind of frock coat he had on—the packets were at the side, not in the skirt—he produced a cigar-case with the end of it knocked out, and in that was a£10 note and a£5 note—the gold was loose in his pocket—there were eighteen sovereigns and seven half-soverereigns—there was a memorandum book—I have not got it here, it is given up to his brother—on examining the memorandum book I saw the name of Mr. Miers—it appeared a journal, such as commercial travelers would have—when I saw the name of Miers I asked him who this Mr. Miers was—he said it was a person for whom he was, or had been in the habit of doing business—he did not tell me it was his brother—I told him I was not satisfied on the subject, and wished to know where this Mr. Miers lived, it appearing to be by the journal an account current entering into the present year—he told me Mr. Miers lived at 34, Whitechapel—he requested pen, ink, and paper of me, that he might write, as I said I should said to Mr. Miers—I furnished him with pen, ink, and paper, and took a copy of the letter which he wrote—I saw him write it—he did not at that time tell me that Mr. Miers was his brother—I had no idea that he was his brother till came to the station-house—he signed the name of John Martin—after the letter was written, I directed the police-sergeant to take it to Mr. Miers, and between eleven and twelve o'clock that morning Mr. Miers came to the station-house with that gentleman—the gentleman did not tell me he was an attorney—Mr. Miers said the prisoner was his brother, and claimed the money as his property, and the book also.

Q. Up to the time Mr. Miers came and said he was his brother, and claimed the money and book, had you any reason to believe the prisoner was related to him, or that he was his brother? A. Not in the least—the attorney did not explain the reason why he gave the name of Martin—Mr. Miers explained it, saying he was his brother, and was very much obliged to the police for detaining him, because he had Left home in consequence of family quarrel, and he was afraid he would have committed suicide—Mr. lervis, the attorney, was present at that statement—he did not contradict it or confirm it—he passed no remark—the prisoner was exceedingly agitated during the time—neither the prisoner, his brother, or the attorney said say thing about his having had a fire at his house, or any thing of the kind.
(This closed the case for the Prosecution. MR. PHILLIPS
addressed the Jury on the prisoner's behalf, and the following witnesses ware called for the Defence.)





WILLIAM MIDGLEY
.—I commenced living as shopman with the prisoner, Mr. Miers, at the latter send of September, or beginning of October, 1835 the carried on business at that time at 184 Oxford-street—I continued with him till he removed into High-street, and continued in High-street till the 16th of May last—he finished removing from—Oxford-street to high-street on the 25th of March, 1837—I assisted him to remove the goods.

Q. In your estimation, what was the value of the stock he removed from Oxford-street to High-street? A. I should think it was upwards of from 800l. to 3000l.—I cannot say exactly, and it continued at about the same amount till I left—we kept buying goods as we sold them—I expressed the prisoner my intention of setting up business myself as a linen-paper in Crawford-street, and I bought some things of him in King-street, Legent-street—they were coffee-house fixtures and furniture—he wished

to let the house in King-street, and wished to get rid of it, as it did not exactly answer his purpose—I bought the furniture to put into my house in Crawford-street—I was to pay 60l. for them—I married Miss Maria York, a sister of Mr. Miers's wife—he did not know we were married at the time I bought the fixtures of him—she was managing the coffee-shop at the time I married her—I had an idea of having a bill of exchange got, before I bought the fixtures, from an uncle of mine, of the name of Bowler—I afterwards obtained it—Mr. Miers furnished me with goods to the amount of between 50l. and 60l. for the purpose of stocking my shop in Crawford-street and while the shop was being fitted up he lent me between 20l. and 30l., making altogether between 80l. and 90l., besides the 60l. worth of furniture—when I obtained my uncle's acceptance, I took the bill to Mr. Miers as I had promised him—I gave it to him according to previous promise—it was for 410l.—it was drawn by me, and accepted by my uncle—I delivered it to Mr. Miers for the payment of the goods I had, the money lent, and the coffee-house fixtures—it was as security—he was to pay me over the difference when the bill was paid—it had a month to run—if it was paid at the end of the month he was to give me the difference.

Q. Having possession of that bill, did you make any purchases of Walters and Co., wholesale warehousemen in Wood-street, Cheapside? A. Yes, to the amount of between 140l. or 150l., and I bought, at different houses, other goods, to the amount of about 50l., for the purpose of stocking my shop in Crawford-street, to open it—I expended about 30l. in fitting up the shop—the bill became due before I could get the shop ready to open, or rather the same day that I was to open, the 27th of June—it was not paid—the money I expected to receive on that bill was the only means I had of carrying on the business, and opening the shop, or paying for the goods I had purchased of tradesmen, or of Miers—when the bill became due, Miers came to me, and asked what he was to do—I advised him to go to the acceptor, Bowler, and I went with him—he lived at No. 38, Pickering-place Bayswater—I was not alarmed, as I expected he had not the money then, but would pay it in a few days—he did not pay it when we went to him—he offered to give Miers 200l., and his acceptance for 210l., Payable at another month or. two months, whichever they liked to agree to—Miers would not accept that, and told him he should bring an action against him for the full amount, unless it was paid—Miers paid it after that to his brother, Thomas Miers.

COURT. Q. What, endorsed it over to him? A. Yes, after it was over due.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did Miers eventually recover the bill or not? A. No, it remains unpaid still—an action was brought on it, and the verdict was for the defendant—the action was brought by Thomas Miers, but the arrangement was made between Miers and myself—the bill was taken to Jennings and Turner, Whitechapel-road, and they arrested him for it—the prisoner and I arranged that I was to give him back all the goods I had of him—then there was an agreement drawn up by Mr. Turner.





WILLIAM HENRY TURNER
. I am a partner in the firm of Jennings and Turner, solicitors, Whitechapel-road—I have not any agreement, or any document here between Mr. Miers and Mr. Midgley—I drew up a paper, which was taken away immediately after I had drawn it, either by Midgley or by Robert Miers—I think they were both together—it was on the 9th of

August—I have never seen that draft since, but I saw the fair copy of it after it had been signed by Midgley—I taw it in the possession of the prisoner.

COURT
to
WILLIAM MIDGLEY. Q. Have you got that? A. No, I have not—the only time I saw it was when it was signed—I believe Mr. Genna Witnessed it—the prisoner got possession of it, and it remained in his possession up to the time of the fire, for aught I know.





WILLIAM HENRY TURNER
 (continued.) I recollect what the purport of the agreement was perfectly—the date of it must have been a few days after the 9th of August—it was very shortly after I had drawn it—I have not got a copy of it—I drew it roughly on a memorandum, while the parties were in my office—and that rough draft which I so drew I handed over to one of them, and they took it away—I afterwards saw a fair copy which had been signed, and read it—there was a blank left in it for some words—I am able to tell the substance of the contents of that fair copy.

MR. KELLY. Q. Before you do so I will ask you a question or two; I understand you, the agreement that was signed between these parties was prepared about the 9th of August? A. That was when the rough draft was prepared—that rough draft was not signed—it was delivered to me or other of them, and I never saw it again—it was not signed in my presence—it was about a week or ten days after, I should think, that I saw the fair copy—that was in the possession of Robert Miers—it remained in his possession after I had seen it—that fair copy was signed by Midgley and Robert Miers—I think it was signed by both—it certainly was signed by Midgley, and it was witnessed—I do not remember the same of the person who witnessed it—it was certainly signed by Midgley, and I believe by both.

Q. Now I wish you to be accurate about it; have you a sufficient recollection of the contents of that instrument which was signed, and which you call a fair copy, so as to state its contents? A. I can state its general contents, I think, accurately—its general purport—I have no doubt I can late that accurately—I think I can state substantially the whole effect of it.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Then, now state the substance of the agreement. A. The substance of the agreement was to this effect: That Thomas Miers was to be plaintiff in an action on a bill of exchange—I am not sure whether it was before the action was brought—I can tell by reference to my book—I have got the proceedings of the action—(referring to a memorandum)—it was after the action had been commenced, just after the writ was issued—the substance of the agreement was to this effect, that certain goods belonging to Midgley were to be deposited with Robert Miers, which goods, I believe, were specified in an inventory by way of schedule, and Robert Miers was to have the power of disposing of those goods; if so disposed, to convert them into cash, and the proceeds were to form an indemnity against the costs of the action brought by Thomas Miers against Bowler, the defendant in the action—I think the goods were valued in the agreement at 147l.—it was the ascertained value.





WILLIAM MIDGLEY

re-examined. The goods mentioned in that agreement were removed to Isleworth previous to the agreement being signed—they were removed from Crawford-street to Isleworth, and at Isleworth the value was a scertained by Mr. Genna, of No. 36, Edgware-road.

Q. Was any arrangement made between you and Robert Miers respecting any goods not mentioned in that agreement? A. Yes—that was

just before the agreement was made—he was to have all his own good back with the exception of about 12l. worth, that I had sold to a Mrs. Ashley and some others—the goods in the agreement were confined to what I had purchased of Walters, and elsewhere, but there was about 20l. worth which did not go back to him—there were fixtures which I had sent to Green sale-room in Edgeware-road—Bartlett was the auctioneer—Miers received the money for those goods with my consent—they were fixture which had been removed frail the coffee-shop to Crawford-street, which I had agree to pay 60l. for.

Q. Did Miers consent to take his portion of the goods back which resent him, and the amount of the fixtures, in payment of the whole amount you owed him, except the costs of the action? A. When he had the good back be had been paid all except what I had pawned, and the 12l. worth—it was all arranged between us except the costs, and we cried "quits"—I had an interview with him on the subject of the costs, in White crown-street prison, on the 19th of January—I asked if he had ascertained from Jennings and Turner the amount of costs, because I wanted to have my good back—I wanted the difference paid over to me between the amount of costs and the value of the goods—he said Jennings and Turner told him it was about 100l.—I asked if he would give me 50l. for the. difference which I thought would satisfy me, with what I had had before, because he had pawned something for me while I was in prison—I bad received money from him before—I wrote him a letter that day—this is it—(looking at one)—I wrote it on the day it bears date—at that time he was in possession the goods deposited as security—I had not received them back—I never had them, nor the value, except the sum he advanced me, which was 10l. or 11l.—I intended to take the benefit of the Insolvent Act at one time but my friends did not wish it; therefore I came out—I went in intending to take it, as I had no money to pay my creditors—I wad very badly in wast of money at the time I wrote that letter—as he had said he would not give the 50l., I wished him to leave the goods at a coffee-shop—he said he had no objection to give me the goods, but the money he would not give me—I wanted the money to pay the prison fees, and wrote this letter—(read.)

"White Cross-street, Jan. 19th, 1838.

DEAE SIR,—You said yourself this morning, that the lawyer said the expenses would not be more than 100l. and the 1l. you brought for my ticking pawned to-day, is all gone. You will remember the goods valued to you is 180l., and all I have received of you for goods pawned for me, since I have been here is but 10l. or 11l., and the lawyer has the best part of that. I want you to send me by bearer 18s. to pay my prison fees, and do not disappoint. You will recollect for you are out of prison, but I am in and feel it. I shall expect that you will be as good as your word, and send me the things to the Coffee-shop, near Oxford-market, that I told you of this day, certain, and pack them in small lots, so that I can get them away as I want them; and let them be such as I can raffle for. If you will leave them soon enough, I think I can sell some, and pay Sidney by Monday, and get out, and if I do, I shall have a bed there, and shall send for you; and if I don't, I shall take the benefit, as there will be only but 2/. more to pay the lawyer, to finish it. You know what I said to you about Maria, and get Ellen to let me have as many little things as she can spare. Yours truly, WM. MIDGLEY."


Q. Who is Sidney mentioned in that latter? A. He is the plaintiff's attorney, whose debt I was in for—Ellen is my wife's sister, Mrs. R. Miers—Maria is Mill M. York—my wife was in the family way at the time, and I wanted some baby-linen—that is what I allude to about Ellen—then I wrote that letter I expected soon to get out, the lawyer had been down to me two or three times—I asked one of the turnkeys to get a mesgenger to deliver the letter for me—and I received the 18s. in answer to the letter, from the same turnkey.

Q. After you wrote that letter, did you expect the goods, would be sent to the coffee-shop mentioned in it? A. I did—I was not able to arrange with Sidney as I expected, and that prevented my going to the coffee-shop to see if the goods were there—I saw Miers again about the. 31st of January—he came in consequence of a note I sent him—this is it (looking at it—read)—("To Mr. Robert Miers, Ingram-court—If you can spare time I wish to see you this afternoon, as I have seen Mr. Sidney to-day, and have something to say to you. Yours, W. IDGLEY, White cross-street, 31st January, 1837.")—I intended the date for 1838—Miers came to me and told me he had since called on Jennings and Turner, who told him the expenses Would be 200l., and he could not let me hare the goods he had left at the coffee-shop, and he was going to fetch them away—then it turned But that He had left them at the wrong coffee-shop, and He said he should go and fetch them away—by "the coffee-shop, near Oxford-market" in my letter, I alluded to Clutterbuck's, which is twelve or fourteen doors from Oxford-market—I do not know the name of the street, but it leads out of Regent-street, and out of Oxford-street, and into Oxford-market—I have been there—Clutterbuck was not acquainted with me, but he knew me to be frequently at his house—I was present at the valuation of the goods at the shop at Isleworth, by Genna—I occasionally served in that shop; and Ann York did—the value of the stock there was 250l. or from that to 300l.—when I went to the shop first, Mr. Miers's name was put up—I do not know exactly when I first went there, it was some time in August—after that the name of Ann York was up—that was about three weeks or a month after, or may be not quite so long—she had just arrived from Lancashire—she managed the business—the stock was from 250l. to 300l.—cannot tell to 30l. or 40l.—I left Crawford-street three or four days after the bill became due and was dishonoured, which was on the 27th—I never opened the shop—I declined opening it the day the bill became due—I knew I could pot open it when I had got no money—it was about the latter end of June or beginning of July—I then went into Mr. Miers's employment—I continued with him at Isleworth and High-street, till about October, sometimes at Isleworth, and sometimes at High-street—I left him in October, because I was afraid of being arrested by my City Creditors—the persons of whom I had purchased goods—I resided in the Westminster-road from that time up to December—the prisoner told me of his taking the shop in Old Kent-road, at the latter end of November, or beginning of December—my wife was to manage that shop—About the 18th or 19th of December, he called on me where I was then lodging, in the Westminster-road—I was then out of employment—I mentioned to him that I wanted a situation, for I had no friends nor money, and he suggested my coming back to live with him again, and I went, on the 23rd of December, to his shop in High-street.

Q. Do you remember on any Sunday packing any goods? A. I do, the

day before Christmas-day—I assisted the prisoner in packing them at his shop—there was not more than 100l. or 110l. worth—not much more—I cannot exactly tell the amount—they were to go to Surrey-place Kent-road—he made no secret at all about it—I afterwards, by hit directions, packed up some other goods, for the same place—there was not more then 40l. worth, or there might be 50l.—the goods packed up then, and on the Sunday, did not come to so much as 200l.—the goods were packed on the Sunday, because we had been very busy during the week, and had not time to do it—I continued in Mr. Miers's employ till about the 9th of January—I was then taken in execution to Whitecross-street—I was taken early in the morning, as I was cleaning the windows.

Q. Can you tell, while you were in his employ in High-street, what was, in your opinion, the average amount of stock on the premises? A.

From 2800l. to 30000l.—it was full that amount—we always continued at the same amount as when in Oxford-street—at the time I was taken away to Whitecross-street, these things had been sent away, and the things, to Isleworth—I should think the stock then was about 2300l. or 2400l.—it was more than 2000l.—I cannot ascertain nearer than that—I speak from my general practice—I have been seven or eight yean all trade.

Cross-examined by
MR. KELLY. Q. How old are you? A. Twenty next birthday—the 11th of February is my birthday—I am just past nineteen—when I was about to commence business in Crawford-street was eighteen years and six months old—I took the house—I was to pay fifty guineas a year rent—I married in February, the same month in which I became eighteen years of age—I never opened my shop—I was taken into custody by Marriott, the Bow-street officer, on the lit of July—no, I beg your pardon, I know what you are inquiring about—it was on the 1st of July I hired the horse and chaise—I was at Newport Pagnell that day—I beg pardon for making a mistake before—I hired a horse and chaise to go five miles into the neighbourhood—I can give you a reason why I did it—I drove to London—I had some money in my pocket when I left Newport Pagnell, but not above 5s. 6s.—I left my snuff-box at one of the toll-gates, instead of paying the toll, as I had not sufficient money to take me there—I will explain it, as it may have a very different effect—I left the cushion of the gig at another toll-bar for the same reason, and I left the box at a third for the same reason—I started from Newport Pagnell on Saturday afternoon, about four or five o'clock, and was in London at five o'clock in the morning, or between five and six o'clock—I did not look at the clock to see—the distance is fifty-two miles—I gave the name of Gardener—I can give you a reason for that—that was the only time I passed by that name—it is stated in that bill you have got there.

Q. Were you aware that hand-bills were out offering 5l. reward? A. Not till the officer came to my house and took me—he showed me the bill then—(looking at a bill)—this is the same bill, at least a of it.

Q. Well now, were you, after the lapse of some eight or ten days, apprehended on a charge of horse-stealing? A. No—it was not so long as ten days, nor a week—it was on Tuesday night they came to me, and on Saturday I had the horse and gig, and was just going back when they took me—I had the money in my pocket then—they pretended to make the charge—I was taken to Bow-street, before Mr. Minshull—he discharged me—I was remanded for about two hours, because Mr. Minsshull began to

tell me I brought the horse away on a false intent—I was saucy to him, and told him I had not, and he threatened to remand me for a week, but turned out different, he only remanded me for two hours. Q. Pray, did you send for Mr. Miers, the prisoner? A. Mr. Miers came down to me without being sent for—he knew where I was gone—somebody went and told him—I never sent for him—after the two hours I was taken again before the Magistrate, and he gave me a lecture, I said; nothing at all, and he discharged me—there was no talk about sending me to Hertford goal for stealing the box—Mr. Minshull told me I was liable, if the Magistrate of the County liked to send me—I cannot tell whether it was in the County of Hertford that I left the box—I did not escape by getting. Mr. Miers to satisfy the owner—he gave him some money of mine—I was not committed to Hertford or any where—the owner had his box, but not any thing else, and I paid for it—I was going back on the Tuesday that I was apprehended—I am quite sure it was the Tuesday, as I hired the horse and gig on the Saturday.

Q. did you say when yon hired the horse and gig in the name of Gardener that you were going to one Lines in the neighbourhood? A. I did—I went down into the country to try to get money to go on with the action without borrowing money—I went to Richard Gardener to ask him to lend me money—I had sufficient money to take me down, and when I got there he would not lend me any money—no, I beg pardon, I did not go to him then—I went to Newport Pagnell—I found it was too far to go, to Lines, and went there—he could not lend me any money, only a few shillings—I intended to go to London, and then take the horse and chaise back—when I got there the horse was so knocked up I could not take it back, because it was rather an old horse—I meant to come to London to get the money to pay for the horse—I have no other explanation to offer—I know a person named Bartlett—I did not get him to sell a carpet belonging to Miers, and receive the money as mine—he sold a carpet—itwas not mine—I received the money.

Q. Did you ask him not to mention it to Miers? A. Not at the time I received the money—after the goods were sent to Bartlett to be sold, Miers began to complain about what I owed him—it was before the arrangement was made—I had received 2l. 10s.—Miers said I owed him money—he wanted me to give the goods up to him, which I did—I directly went to Bartlett not to tell him I had received the money, as he asked me if I had received it, and I had told him I had not, although I had—I told Miers a falseoood, and told Bartlett not to reveal it—Bowler, who accepted the bill, is my uncle—he did not owe me money, but he promised to lend me some—when I went to ask him, he told me he had not got it about him—I then asked him to give me a bill for 410l., which he did. Q. How came the amount to be 410l.? A. I had borrowed 18l. of him—he asked me to give him some of it—I could not, as I wanted to pay for my stock, which was 400l.—I could not give him 10l. which he wanted—I told him I could not, unless he put it in the bill, and I would go and borrow it of my brother-in-law—he said, very well, I might get the 10l.—I went back and told him I could not get the 10l., as my brother-in-law was out, and I never did give him the 10l.—the bill was to be for 410l., and I was to pay him 10l., which I was to borrow—I do not know where the bill is—it is lost—the verdict was for the defendant, and I have never been troubled about the bill—the money is lost, but the bill is in the Court of Queen's Bench, I believe.


Q. Did not your uncle resist the payment of that bill, on the ground that it was a forgery, that it had been drawn and accepted for 10l. only, and altered to 400l.? Q. That was his plea, but it was merely to get off the payment—he never mentioned a word about forgery—the defence was, that it had been altered from 10 to 410—the Jury found a verdict for the defendant—I saw the bill when I swore an affidavit here some month before the trial.

Q. On your oath, was there not an alteration on that bill that anybody could see with an eye glass? A. There was an alteration thus far, that behind it was my name and Robert Miers, and June 27, the day it because due—that was all the alteration—I was to have that bill instead of money—I was not examined on the trial—I believe if I had, the verdict would have been for the plaintiff—I suppose they thought they bad proof sufficient without me—I was in Basinghall-street at the time, at a public-house, waiting to hear the decision—I believe the prisoner was subpoenaed by the defendant—I do not know whether he was called—I never asked him—Thomas Miers was the plaintiff in the action—I never made any agreement about that—I paid the bill to Robert Miers—I was subpoenaed for the plaintiff, and ready to be called—nobody but the attorney knew where I was—I had lived at West Ham for a few days before the trial—I was to be found—I was in London streets every day—I was in London on the Saturday night as the trial was to come on on the 24th of November—it came on very early in December.

Q. When you heard the verdict was for the defendant, where did you pass the next ten days of your life? A. In Westminster-road—people told me there was an officer looking for me on a charge of forgery, but I did not believe it—I was told one night, when I went home to Crawford-street, that there was an officer waiting for me—Mrs. Ashley wished me to go down the area steps, but I would go out at the door—I had sold her some of the goods.

Q. Since the verdict you have taken no further trouble about this large sum of 410l.? A. I have heard a new trial was applied for, and I believe a Mr. Kelly applied for it, and that it was lost—I never went to the house in Surrey-road while it was open as a shop—I was there on the 24th if last month—the name of Clark over the door was intended for my wife—she took that name, because it would be foolish to open in why name when I was in Whitecrow-street—that was the principal reason why my name was not over the door—I was not in Whitecross-street at the time, but I expected to go every day—my wife took it, and began in the name of Clark—that is the fact, there is no secret at all about it.

Q. When was it the prisoner saw you in Whitecross-street, before that letter was written? A. On the 19th of January, I desired him to send the property to the coffee-shop—I did not say Mr. Clutterbuck's.

Q. You say in the letter, "be as good as your word, and send me the things to the coffee-shop, near Oxford-market, that I told you of to-day;" you had seen him before? A. Yes, and told him the coffee-shop near Oxford-market—I did not tell him any name—he asked me what street it was in—I told him I did not know—I did not know there was such a number of coffee-shops near the market, or I might have been more particular—he was not to tell them my name—that would be of no use.

Q. How were you to get them? A. I should have gone and asked if the things had been left there for me—they knew me, and where I lived,

at Clutterbuck's—Miers was to have left his name, or say a young man would call for them who comes for me—the property was to be in small pareeln—50l. or 60l. worth of property, done up in small parcels—I indended to take one away at a time, and sell them.

Q. Were they all to be left at the same coffee-shop, or at different names? A. He was to leave them where he liked—at least at the coffee-shop nearly opposite Oxford-market, which is Clutterbuck's—I made a mistake saying he was to leave them where he liked—he was to leave them at his one coffee-shop—he had pawned some ticking to raise 1l. for me—I eletive it was a day or two before the 19th, if not that day—he brought the money that day—he had pawned other articles for me to the amount of 10l. or 11l. in different pledges—I never looked at the tickets—he brought he the money while I was in prison—those articles have been redeemed—I have the tickets up to Mr. Jervis, Miers's attorney—Miers gave him some, and I gave him some that I had pawned before—I pawned some in Auqust—I was taken in execution for about fifteen guineas, expenses and all—he original debt was five guineas, which I had owed to a tailor for not more then three or four months—the action was commenced in August or September—I had the clothes in May or June—I was served with a copy of a print in July, I believe—I heard no more of it, and was taken in execution on January—I remained in prison from the 9th of January till about the 10th of February—my friends wished me to get out, and Mr. Jervis arranged it, I believe—I do not know how—by my friends I mean my relations—the Gardeners wished me to come out—none of them wished me to stop here—I have not been in prison since—if I could not have got out I must have taken the benefit of the Insolvent Act—I took steps to do so—my debts and liabilities amounted to about 878l., including the£410 bill which I had endorsed to Thomas Miers, and was liable to—if I had had the money, I should have been made to pay it—when I endorsed the bill I owed Robert Miers 60l. for coffee-house fixtures, 40l. or 50l. for shop goods, and between 20l. and 30l. money lent—I have paid none of my debts, except the fifteen guineas to the tailor—Miers had the goods back—I am now goring to take a situation—Mr. Jervis has been allowing me money to keep me till this trial, because I was going into the country to take a situation—I have been living in West-square—Mr. Jervis has lent me not above 7l. or 8l.—I have not been in the gallery of this Court, nor in the Court, till I tune in just now.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you an uncle of the name of Gardener? A. Yes, living at Cranfield, seven or eight miles on the other side Newport Pagnel—he is a clergyman, and was formerly a lawyer—I used his name for the purpose of getting the chaise lent to me—I had not the slightest intent of making away with it—I left the cushion for the toll—I did not attempt to dispose of the horse or any thing, that the man will tell you where I left it—I went two or three times a day to see about it—the Magistrate said he hoped it would be a warning to me not to do so again, as, if it was in anybody's hands but those who knew my friends, perhaps they would have committed me—but he did not believe I did not intend to return the chaise—the bill was on a 6s. stamp, which is proper for 410l.—I cannot tell why nobody but the attorney was to know I was at the public-house on the day of the trial—I had heard nothing about a charge of forgery then—I was afraid of being arrested by my City creditors—it was three weeks after the time that I heard an officer was waiting, and desired to go down the area steps—no steps have been taken to prosecute me about that bill.


Q. Was the threat about the forgery after your uncle had promised to pay 200l., and give another bill? A. Yes; when we went with the bill be said nothing about forgery—it was when he was arrested—I had on means of supporting myself to come here, only by receiving money from Mr. Jervin.





CHARLES HAYNES
. On the 19th of January I was a turnkey of whitecross-street prison. Midgley was confined there—about seven o'clock that evening I was called to the gate to get a messenger to send a letter to High-street, Marylebone—I received the letter from Midgley—I think I should know it again—(looking at the letter produced)—I know nothing about the contents—I have no doubt that is the letter—I gave it to Davin a messenger, with instructions to bring me an answer back—he returned about nine o'clock that evening, and was admitted by another officer name Dawson—he gave me a paper containing 18s., which I handed over to Midgley—I opened it and counted it first—he had given me 1s. befpre and 6d. more when I gave him the 18s.





WILLIAM HENRY TURNER

re-examined. I was the attoney in for action for the bill of exchange—it was in my custody till the trial—it was on a 6s. stamp—Midgley was in attendance to give evidence—he was and public-house in Basinghall-street—nobody except myself knew where have as I expected the defendant's attorney would have had him taken me custody to prevent his being examined—that was the only reason—he was not called, as my counsel deemed it would be more prudent not to state the circumstances relative to the application made by Midgley, and that we should merely prove the handwriting of the defendant—Mr. Butt and Mr. Keating were the counsel—I at first thought the costs might be about 10l. or a little more—but I found the defendant's costs were made out to at enormous amount, 236l., or about that—I took off about 125l. in the taxation and brought it to about 110l. or 111l., which made the whole costs about 200l.—there was a motion for a new trial—I am not aware whether I personally acquainted the prisoner of the increased amound of costs, but he was aware of it by some means, I know.

MR. KELLY. Q. Your costs were nearly 100l.? A. They have been made out—I speak roughly—I think they would be nearly 100l.—when I spoke of the costs as 100l., I spoke of it at the commencement of the action, and did not know How the thing might go—it was at the commencement of the suit—I thought they would be about 100l.

Q. Can you take upon yourself to say, that you, at any time after the verdict had been given, told Miers the costs would be only 100l.? A. I am not quite certain; but I think it most unlikely that I could have made such a statement, because my own costs I could form some opinion of—was in Court during the trial—the defence was forgery by means of altering the bill from 10 to 410—I think Lord Chief Justice Denman inspecter it with a magnifying glass—there was a glass—the bill was impounded by order of the Court—I have not been paid my costs—my client, Mr. Thomas Miers, gave me a cheque for the defendant's costs, and I paid them—mine will be paid—I have only lately delivered a bill for that and other business.





MARIA MIDGLEY
. I am the sister of Mr. Miers's wife. I was married to Midgley, in January, 1837—I was then living in King-street, Regent-street, at a coffee-shop—I was placed there by Miers—I afterwards went to live with him, and assist him in his business—I cannot tell the—it was in 1837—I went from King-street to High-street, in May, 1837,

left about the latter end of November, I think—I think we went to Crawford-street in June—we did not open shop there, because it was not condenientt—I cannot tell the reason why he did not open it, he gave up the shop and fixtures to Mr. Miers—I cannot tell whether he was indebted to Miers at that time—he was afterwards, to what extent I cannot tell—the transactions between them were, to a certain extent, without my knowledge—I have been to Isleworth occasionally, but not to reside there—I was in Surrey-place, Kent-road—when the shop at Isleworth was given up, the stock came to Surrey-place—about 300l. worth came there. Q. Having been in business some time, can you judge the amount? A. It is from that I speak, and other things were brought from High-street to amount of about 200l., according to my judgment, making about 500l. I believe the shop in Surrey-place was opened on the 16th of January, February—it was February I think—I had the management of it, which is paid for.

Q. When you went to live in High-street, in May, did you form any estimate of the value of the stock at Miers's? A. No, I cannot tell you at all about it—the shop was well stocked, that is all I can say—it continued well stocked down to November—when I left there was a quantity of lace there, a great number of shawls, moreens, and all sorts of linen-drapery—during the time I was there I frequently heard Mr. Miers complain of the escape of gas, and also his lodger in the first-floor, named Smith—I frequently found the smell offensive—there were seven or eight burners in the shop I think, some in the window, and some in the middle of the shop—those in the window were in a central direction, as well as I can tell, and three at the counter—the pipes were carried through the counter—there was a stall-board crossing the front of the shop in the window—shawls and other articles hang in the window for show—they occasionally remained there during the night—I know the gas-lights were not left burning during the night, while I was there—I cannot tell exactly what quantity of plate Mrs. Miers had—there was some in the house when I left in November—I saw it in use during the time I was there, up to the time of my leaving, and a fortnight after—I went occasionally after I left—Mrs. Miers had a child's coral, and bells.

Q. Was that yours? A. It was given to her by my husband—I have no family—I had a black trunk which I took with me from High-street—it was not sent to me—there was part of my wearing apparel in it—I went away in a coach—I cannot exactly tell when—it was on a Thursday, and I believe the Thursday previous to the shop in Surrey-place being opened on Saturday, which was early in January—there was nothing in it but my wearing apparel—there was no other black trunk in the place while I was there.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where are you living now? A. In East-square, which is in Southward I believe; perhaps yon can tell better than I can—I have given my direction, that is all I can tell—I cannot tell where it is.

Q. If you were on London-bridge, which is the way to it? A. lf I was there I could find it, but I cannot tell yon—I have lived there about a month with my husband—it is in North-place, East-square, Southwark—the landlord's name is Woodrow—it is a private house—I have one front room on the first-floor—you know the way better than I can tell, and I shan't answer any such questions.


Q. Do you mean when you say you cannot tell, that you will not tell A. I won't tell you—I am twenty-five years old—my maiden name was Maria York, that is the only name I have gone by, besides my present name—I have not gone by any name but my husband's since I have been married—I have gone by the name of Clark, if that is what you mean, he no other name—I was married in February, 1837.

Q. I thought you said just now it was in January? A. Well, perhaps I did—it was January or February, I cannot tell exactly which; you did not puzzle me so much I could answer you more straightfotwed—it was in January, I am quite sure, and I will swear it was about the 12th is it essential for me to tell the church—I will not tell you.

Q. Were you married in London or the country? A. I shall not answer that question—I swear I am married—I was married to Midgly of Hanover church, which is in Hanover-square, I believe—it was on the 12th of January, I believe, and by licence—I do not know my husband age exactly when we married—I do not know when his birth-day it. Q. In the month of December last, were you expecting to be confined—(Here the witness quitted the box, and was about to leave the Court.)

COURT. You must come back. Witness. I shall not come back.

COURT. You must—(Witness returned.) Now answer the question—It is very necessary for the purposes of this case—Q. Did you expect to be confined in December? A. Yes.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you been confined since December? A. No—in January last I was living in Surrey-place—I have been in wast of baby-linen—that was previous to my expecting to be confined, of course—I cannot tell you either day nor date—it was later than last month—I connot tell you when it was.

Q. Was it at Christmas last?—When do you expect to be confined? A. I cannot tell, not to speak the truth—I have no idea when I shall to confined, not to a week or a month—I am not acquainted with any of the coffee-shops in the neighbourhood of Oxford-market.

Q. Did you expect to have any baby-linen wrapped up with a new bell and prayer-book, and a child's coral and bells, to be sent to a coffee-shop near Oxford-market? A. I expected them to be sent to me, but did not know where they were to be sent to—(looking at the bible and prayer-bell)—I have seen these before, in High-street—I cannot tell when I saw then last—I do not know Clutterbuck, who keeps a coffee-shop—I never hand my husband speak of him—I did not hear him say he expected the balylinen and books to be left at Clutterbuck's—I did not know such a name—I was backwards and forwards at Isleworth occasionally, but not to stop—my sister, Ann York, managed the business there—she is not here—she is very ill—she has a bad cold, I believe, but I do not know exactly—she does not live near us—I cannot tell where she lives now—she has lately married a person named Milligan—I lived in Ingram-court before I went to East-square—we had three rooms there—I lived there ever since I left Surrey-place—I forget what month that was in—it was between summer and winter, I believe—the prisoner and his wife went to Ingram-court the moraing after the fire—it was morning before they could get there, from the time she fire broke out—I cannot tell when Ann Wright come there—I did not see her then, nor on the Sunday or Monday after the fire—I do not know on what day I saw her—I cannot recollect whether it was the Tuesday.


Q. Was she living with you and Mr. and Mrs. Miers in Iagram-court till she was taken before the Magistrate, to be examined as a witness? A. of came to Ingram-court on the Monday night, and she came, I believe, on Tuesday—it was a fortnight after the fire that I came there—Mr. Miers was hot there at all—Mrs. Miers was, and she received me there—Ann Wright was living there when I went there—I do not recollect her going before the Magistrate—I recollect the officer, or somebody from the Fire Office, coming and taking her away.

Q. Why did you think it was somebody from the Fire Office? A. Because she has been in custody ever since.

Q. On your oath, did not your sister, in your presence, after Miers had been taken into custody, desire her to answer no questions?A. No, I deny it—I firmly deny that assertion, both on my sister's side and my own—as to any other person, I cannot answer for others—nobody did so in. my presence—nothing of the sort was said to her at any time—I took the name of Clark at Surrey-place, by Mien's desire—I carried on the business in that name, being my mother's maiden name—the goods at Surrey-place were supplied from High-street, as I wanted them—there were none but what came from High-street or Isleworth—I lived with my husband in crawford-street, during the time that house was being fitted up—according to my judgment, the whole stock, which came from Isleworth to Surrey-place, amounted to about 300l., and I should say, I received about 200l. worth from High-street—the stock in Crawford-street came from the City, from different warehouses, I cannot tell where—none of it come from High-street, to my knowledge—Miers did not come there, from High-street, with a coach-load of goods, to my knowledge—I will swear I did not accompany him with any—several parcels came to Surrey-place by the Parcels' Delivery Company—I cannot say whether there were Irish linens among them—I am not certain—some silks came—no boxed of ribbons came—there were a few lengths of ribbons—I do not think there was any delivery of boxes of ribbons in Surrey-place—there was not a dozen—no goods were brought there in a cart, to my knowledge—I know Mrs. Paul, who lived at No. 29.

Q. Will you venture to swear there were not boxes of ribbons, and large parcels of goods, brought in carts and coaches, and by Miers himself, to Surrey-place? A. There never were parcels of ribbons, nor any kind of mercery goods, brought there in a cart, or coach, or van—the principal stock of ribbons was very small, and came from Isleworth, and a few were sent down, with other goods, in different parcels—they were coloured ribbons, which I wanted; as for boxes or parcels of ribbons, they never came to that place, either in cart, van, cab, or coach—the stock and furniture came altogether from Isleworth, in a van—I cannot tell whether the house in Surrey-place was taken by the week or year—I did not take it—I believe it was not taken weekly—I cannot tell How the house in Crawford-street was taken—we staid there three weeks or a month—the stock was taken from there to High-street, I believe—I cannot tell the value of H—I can give no idea of it—I cannot tell who took it to High-street—I do not know whether my husband did—I did not accompany him, I will swear—I am not at present doing any thing towards obtaining a living—I do not entirely depend on ray husband—I have different friends who contribute to my support—my principal friends live in Lancashire—my uncle Cullen contributes to my support—he does not make me a regular allowance—I

do not know How long my husband has been out of a situation—I do not know How he has been able to live—I have got my living, for the last three months, through the medium of my friends—I do not know when my husband came out of prison—he did not come to live with me as soon as he came out—I was living in Ingram-court then, I believe, but I do not recollect either day or dates, and therefore, unless I can tell the truth I shall not answer any questions.

Q. Now give me the name of the person at whose expense you have been living for the last month?A.—(hesitating)—I shall not tell you—I did not leave High-street on one occasion with Miers with parcels, some of which contained plate, on my oath—I did not leave with him with a box, parcel, or bundle, containing two table-spoons, two salt-spoons, half-a-dozen tea-spoons, and a fish slice—I have seen them—I saw them last at High-street, about a fortnight before the fire—Miers had more than that—I have seen four table spoons, and more than half a dozen tea-spoons—I should say they had a dozen tea-spoons, and four salt spoons—that was all the plate, to my knowledge—the lodger frequently complained of the gas—the last complaint I recollect was very shortly before Mr. Smith left the house—I cannot tell when he left—I believe it was in the summer of last year—the gas was always put out at night—that was particularly attended to—it was Miers's custom while I was there always to look to the gas both in High-street and Oxford-street—I never knew of his leaving it burning all night while I was at either place—if such a thing had happened I think I should have known it, because I was generally last—he always extinguished the gas after the shop was closed—he looked to it more particularly on account of the smell from escapes—I was at Surrey-place on last Christmas-day—I slept there on Christmas-eve—Miers was there on Christmas afternoon, I believe—not in the morning—he did not arrive there in the morning in a coach, on my oath, neither in coach, cab, or any conveyance—he did come, but in no conveyance—I cannot tell what time he came—it was before dinner—he brought nothing with him—my husband was in Whitecross-street on Christmas-day, I believe—he did not live with me in Surrey-place—my mother and sister lived there with me—Miers paid me for my attendance there—I received 20l. from the time I went into his employment in Oxford-street till I left Surrey-place—went to Oxford-street in 1836—he made me no regular payment—I had money as I wanted it, and goods as I wanted them, placed to my account—Miers, is a little in my debt now—I never knew or heard he was going to take the benefit of the Insolvent Act, nor ever heard that my husband was going to do so—I did not know he had filed his schedule, and advertised to do so—I never heard it till now—I had no notion of it—I was not in the habit of going to see him in Whitecross-street—I went once, two or three weeks before he came out—I know Mr. Jervis, the attorney—he has lent me money—I do not know when he did so last—it was some time last week—the last sum I had was 1l. I believe—I had none from him the week before—I have not been supported entirely by Mr. Jervis, nor principally—I cannot tell How much I have had from him since Miers has been in confinement—I cannot tell where I have been waiting while attending here—it is a coffee-shop, I believe—I was fetched from there to come over to give evidence—Mr. Jervis has not been in and out to me.

Q. Tell me any other means of support you have had except through Miers's attorney since the sale of goods to Brooks? A. I have had money

of my own, which I have spent, besides what I received from Mr. Jervis—I got it from my friends, as I told you before—I cannot tell when I got it exactly—I am living with my husband, in East-square—Mr. Jervis has kept me till after the trial, and Mr. Midgley too—he kept us from taking a situation in the drapery business.

Q. With whom? A. Any person who would engage an—I have had no situation within the last three months, when I left Surrey-place—I call that a situation—I have had no means of support since, except from Mr. Jervis and my friends—I cannot tell what they gave me.

MR. THOMAS. Q. Do you know whether Miers owed sufficient to go through the Insolvent Court? A. I cannot tell—I know he owed his brother a considerable amount—I never heard of his being about to take the benefit of the Insolvent Act—I know Ann Wright was taken away by somebody—I have not seen her since.
(The Court then adjourned.)

Monday, April 9th.—(Continued.)





ELIJAH GENNA
. I am a linen-draper in the Edgware-road. I have known Miers about ten years—I remember seeing him at my house in July last—he came there in consequence of what passed between him and me—I went with him to his shop, at Isleworth, to value, on the part of Miers, some-goods that Mr. Midgley was to make over to Miers—I saw an inventory at that time—I do not know where it is now—it was the inventory of the stock at Isleworth—I went to compare the stock with, the inventory—not to value it—he took them at the invoice price—the invoice price of the whole goods there, I think, was about 181l. or 182l.—I am not positive as to the amount—I left the goods there—I have been to the prisoner's shop in High-street—I was there about a fortnight before the fire—I have been in business about four years—I cannot say what the amount of his stock then was—I did not take an inventory—his shop appeared to me to be well stocked—I was there a fortnight before the fire—I cannot fix any date in January—I am certain it was in January—it was not after Christmas-day—I have nothing by which I can fix the date at all—I cannot recollect the day—the shop appeared well stocked.

COURT. Q. When was the fire, do you know? A. I do not know.

MR. JAMES. Q. Was the fire in January? A. I do not know.

Cross-examined by
MR. KELLY. Q. Are you a linen-draper? A. Yes, I am, and carry on business in Edgware-road—I do not keep a large stock—the floating value of my stock is about 1000l.—I purchase my stock as I require it, from time to time, at wholesale house—I was in the habit of going to Mr. Miers's shop occasionally, not very frequently—he was an old friend of mine—I have no means of knowing the state of his trade during the last year—he has had goods from me now and then, that he might want at the time, to save going into the City—I mean to say his dealings have been confined to that—he did not send for large quantities—I had a running account with him of goods I supplied him, and goods I took of him in return.

Q. Now, did he not deal with you from time to time for goods in April, May, June, July, August, September and October, 1837?A. Very likely he did—he did have goods about that time—I cannot tell you the times.

Q. Now, look at this bill of yours; I ask you whether he did not buy

small quantities of goods from you from time to time, in April, May June July, August, September, and October? A. He did—on the 22nd of August and 5th of September he bought several quantities of various different articles—there were eleven different articles on the 22nd of August, and twenty-one different articles on the 5th of September—my bill from the beginning of June to some time in October, amounted to 27l. 18s. 8d., and that was settled by goods, not by cash—I did not see Mr. Miers for about a week after the fire—it was in July that I went to Isle worth to see that the articles were rightly valued—there was an inventory made—the agreement that was made between the parties formed part of the inventory—I saw the agreement and witnessed it—the agreement was separate from the inventory—there was a separate inventory annexed—the invoice prices were put on the inventory—in my judgment the invoice prices were fair and correct—the inventory was on one long sheet of paper—they were goods I think that Mr. Midgley had had in Crawford-street when he began business—I believe the principal part of the goods were purchased from Mr. Walters—I heard that in Miers's presence—I do not know Mr. Walters—Mr. Walters's invoices were produced is the course of my inquiry about the value—I do not know what became of them afterwards—I have not been at all active in getting up this defence, not at all—I have not applied to people to become witnesses—I called on two, who I believe are here—they are Mr. Ludlow and Mr. Smith.

MR. JAMES. Q. Just explain what you called on them for? A. I called on them to speak to Mr. Miers's character.

MR. KELLY. Q. What is the Christian name of Mr. Smith?—A. I do not know—he is at the Bazaar in Baker-street.

MR. JAMES. Q. Just look over the invoice, and state, as far at you can the whole amount of goods Mr. Miers had from you between April and October? A. This is the sum total—27l. 18s. 8d.—from June to October that amount of goods passed—I was paid in goods—it is usual for two drapers to barter goods instead of money—there is no item here large enough to give an order for to a wholesale house—when one draper has not goods by him which a customer applies for, another draper supplies that customer—that is frequently done—I recollect going to Miers's house for a strip of black merino about a fortnight before the fire—I got the merino I wanted—he had a quantity of merino—there were a quantity of ribbons in the stock at Isle worth.





DAVID DAVIES
. I am sometimes employed as a messenger at Whitecross-street prison—I carry messages for the turnkey—he gives them to me. On the 19th of January I remember taking a letter to Mr. Miers's shop in High-street, Marylebone—I believe this to be the same letter—(looking at it)—I brought back 18s., which I gave to the turnkey, who had given me the letter, to be given to Midgley—I was brought up as a linen-draper—I went into Miers's shop when I took the letter there—it appeared to me as shops are generally—if there had been a remarkable deficiency in the stock I should no doubt have observed it—I did not observe any thing remarkable.

Cross-examined by
MR. KELLY. Q. I presume you did not read this letter? A. No, it was wafered—Mr. Miers's shop was rather a small one—it might be about twenty-four feet by fifteen—it is twenty-six or twenty-seven years since I was in business as a linen-draper.





GEORGE SKINNER
. I am a dyer and scourer. I used to call at Mr.

Miers's on business—I first knew him when he was in Oxford-street—I was in the habit of calling at High-street from the time he went there up to the time of the fire—the last time I was there was on the Saturday, at the fire took place at night—I called for work—dyeing—I generally called once or twice a week—I did not call with a cart that day—I could not take any thing away with me that day—I said I would ask first, and if there was any thing I would take it on my return, as I was going into the City—it was on that Saturday that Mr. Murphy said would be the coldest day—Saturday was the day of my being in London—I recollect its being a very cold day, my riding outside an omnibus—Miers said if I came by that way on my return I might call in, and he showed me some goods, which he said were a very bad condition, and wanted dying—the shop looked as full as ever had seen it—I had often been into the shop, and if there had been much difference I should have seen it—I had often observed that the shop was very well stocked for a small shop—I saw no difference—if there had been my material difference I must have seen it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Where do yon carry on business? A. Crawford-street—I have been there, I think, about three yean and a half.

MR. THOMAS. Q. Did you call at Miers's again in the evening? A. Yes—should think it was more than seven o'clock—it could not be eight o'clock I took sway the goods to dye—I saw the prisoner himself—I took away me common merinos that wanted dyeing, with plaid shawls, and a few handkerchiefs—he was particular in beating me down as to prices—being common articles, he said the merinos would not fetch more than 18d. a yard, perfect—they were very poor goods.

MR. DOANE. Q. Do you keep the whole house in which you live? A. have a lease of it for twenty-one years—I let out a part—I 1st out be lint floor room furnished, and the whole of the second unfurnished—it is on eight-roomed house—there is no attic—the only part I occupy as a dyer and scourer is the ground floor—there is an area and a large yard—I occupy the two kitchens, which I have knocked into one, and made a large workshop of it—that is under ground—there is a large yard in the rear of the premises—the dye-house is there—that is merely a shed over part of the yard—that is part of the premises, which I use as dyer and scourer—I reckon I keep two or three men regularly—I had two working to-day when I left home—I have been in the habit of calling on Miers for work—we sometimes employ as many as twenty females, and at times as many as thirty, in making shawls—when I have called on Miers on business, I have generally taken goods away that were so soiled that it was necessry to have them dyed—he never gave me any thing that was not wanted to be dyed—I should say that it was after twelve o'clock that I first called on Saturday—it might be one o'clock—I think it was before two o'clock—I saw Miers himself.

MR. THOMAS. Q. What time did you set out from home? A. Mr. Mien's was the first place I called at—it is not above a quarter of a mile from my house—I think I started after twelve o'clock—I occupy as much of the premises as is necessary for business—only the under part of it—I sleep in the parlour—mine being valuable goods, I sleep there for protection—I have lived there about three years and a half—merino becomes faded by being kept, and requires dying to make it saleable—I really cannot tell the value of goods I took away—perhaps they were worth 6l.





ELIZABETH WELLS
. I live with Mrs. Whipple, in Crown-court, Aldersgate-street.

She is a stay and corset maker—she supplied Mr. Miers with stays—I was in the habit of going to Mr. Miers's shop in High-street—I was there about ten days before the fire—I do not know when the in was—I went with four pairs of stays—I stopped about an hour, a brought back an order for a dozen pairs—the shop was not different what I usually saw it—I had been in the habit of going there since May 1837. about every fortnight—I did not notice any silk cloaks there particularly—there were merino cloaks—the cloaks were on stands—my attetion was not directed to silk cloaks particularly

Cross-examined by
MR. KELLY. Q. Does Mrs. Whipple carry a large business? A. Not very large—she keeps her books and account herself—it was about ten days before the fire occurred that I had it order to make the stays—they were never delivered.





WILLIAM WALTERS
. I am town traveller to my brothers, they carry on business at No. 7, Wood-street, Cheap side, they are wholesale dealer in lace and ribbons. I have known Miers about eighteen month—I have done business with him longer than that—they were not large dealing—he continued to deal with us up to just before the fire—I remember dining with the prisoner at High-street, on the Thursday before the fire—the shelves were full, and the shop dressed out in the usual manner—I do not make any observation respecting the stock—it appeared to be wed stocked—I really did not take notice whether there was any silver plate a dinner—the table appeared in the usual way as when I had dined the before—there were spoons—I did not notice what kind—I do not know what the spoons were made of—after dinner I know I had a silver spoke in some gin and water which I took—that was a small tea-spoon—I had dined there before.

MR. KELLY. Q. Are not the particulars of goods you furnished as follows?—(reading)—1835, October to November 10th, 15l. 19s.; November 12th to February 11th, 1836, 20l. 0s. 7d.; March 3rd to April 5th 49l. 4s. 7d.; May 9th and 12th, 34l. 12s. 11d.; then in the course in 1836, while he was in Oxford-street, five sums, 23l. 1s. 21l. 7s. 9d. 34l. 5s. 7d., 38l. 19s. 3d., and 10l. 16s. 10d.; and in 1837, February 21st to March 2nd, 15l. 9s. 2d.; April 4th to May 18th, 32l. 9s. 4d. May 23rd to July 18th, 15l. 16s. 2d.; August 8th to September 12th 15l. 15s. 9d.; and September 26th to December 12th 18l. 14s. 2d., making about 90l. from April 4th to December 12th?A. I should suppose the would be about the amount.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you know whether your brother sold any goods to a person of the name of Midgley? A. Yes—Mr. Miers opened some drawers before the fire happened, and showed me some shawls—they appeared to me to be rich, handsome ones—there were about four or five wrappers of them—there were some of them I should say worth from 40s. to 50s.—others not so much—I did not look particularly at them, but one I took particular notice of—this was in the winter—I should say it was about a couple of months before the fire that the drawers were opened—they would not be visible to persons coming into the shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were the wrappers undone for the purpose of showing them to you? A. Yes—they were taken out of the drawers, because Mrs. Miers was asking him for a shawl, that was the cause—I think I know a plated spoon when I see it—the spoon I had in my grog was a silver one—I had no necessity to

examine it when I had it in my hand—I can tell by the feeling or handling of it—I saw it with my eyes—I think there is a small account between the prisoner and my brothers—I have no doubt of it—I should think the amount of it is from 10l. to 13l., not more than that to the best of my knowledge—I cannot tell when I last received money on account, because I have not seen the books—there was generally bills drawn—I cannot tell whether any bill became due or any money was paid since January last, without fetching the books—I was not told to bring he books here with me—my brother is not here—I know what are called dummies in the trade.

Q. Are you able to distinguish, by walking through a linen-draper's shop, How much is real stock, and How much is "dummies?" A. You may badge what portion of them, but unless you look minutely you cannot tell—I did not examine the shawls so very minutely—I merely took them up in my hand, to examine the quality—they were black grounds, with shawl orders—what are called filled shawls—they were filled half & yard square—they were filled shawls—I mean by that they were worked in the middle—I did not see the middles of them—I cannot say whether they were worked in the middle—I saw the work was on the fold—I do not think here was any border—I did not see the middles of them, but they were worked, with silk and cotton, I suppose—there was a pattern on them—of course I cannot tell what—I can tell the difference between a plain shawl with a worked border and a filled shawl—they were filled shawls, with work all over—I did not look minutely into them—I do not know then I was first told I should be a witness—I cannot recollect—the subcena was sent over to me on Friday morning, at half-past six o'clock—about a fortnight before they said perhaps I might be wanted—perhaps before that—it was when the trial was coming on—but I was not subcenaed—my brother lives at the warehouse—I am the traveller—my brother is in town now—I never heard that he was subpoenaed—he is at the warehouse—I supplied goods to Midgley—I cannot say when that was, without the books—it was about when he first commenced business in Crawford-street—we understood from Mr. Miers that he had got property—we supplied him with goods on that representation.

Q. Just look at that plated spoon; was that such a one as you had in your grog? A. I should think not—I cannot tell whether it was such a shape as this—I know it was silver from handling it—as far as I know it was thinner here—I have said that it was stouter, and slanted off here—that is not the sort of spoon—I will swear that it is not the spoon—we have never been paid our account from Midgley—I cannot say what the amount is—somewhere near 100l.—I believe no part of that has been paid—I have not seen Mr. Jarvis since the prisoner has been in custody, nor anybody else—I cannot say whether my brother has, but I should think not—my brother has no security for Midgley's account, nor any bill—I left the goods without taking any bill from him—I have never applied for a bill since—I do not know one Clark, as connected with this transaction—not concerning Midgley's goods. Q. Now do you mean to tell us, on your oath, that you have not learnt, since this man has been in custody, that if he was convicted, you would never get your debt, but that you will get it if he is not? A. Certainly not, not from anybody—such a statement has never been made to me, nor to my brother, that I know of—I never heard it—this is the first time

I have heard it—I have not taken any pains, since the prisoner has been in custody, to obtain our debt from Midgley—the goods were supplied Midgley six months ago, I should think—I should think be is not worth farthing—I had no notice from him, nor saw any advertisement from his that he was about to take the benefit of the Act—I never could see him some time—I looked after him after the shop was closed—I am not away that the goods sent to Midgley went to Miers—I have no doubt some of the might—I cannot say that the greater part did—I have inquired of Miers I do not know from Miers that he has bad the goods I supplied Midgley was—I will swear he has not told me so—I applied to Miers for me to a Midgley—I applied to him, because if Midgley did not open, he (Midgley) had better let me have the goods back—I was not aware that the good had been sent to Miers—I did not follow them—I have not seen then a any time—I never went there to see them—they were gauze ribbons and lace goods, to the amount of 100l., and plain ribbons—there were three four sorts of ribbons—I could not tell, without I saw the book, why there were—I was never at the shop at Isleworth, or at the shop in Surrey-place—I never knew there was one there till I heard of the goods being taken from there—I cannot recollect who I heard that from—it was talked of in the trade—I did not know it from Miers nor from Mr. Jervis to my knowledge—I have never talked to Mr. Jervis about it, nor about the goods there—I knew the goods were sold to Mr. Brooks, in the he rough—Mr. Brooks told me so—I think he told me he bought then Mr. Jervis.

Q. Were you on intimate terms with Mr. Miers? A. I was as in mate as most of the other customers. I called there—I have dined they two or three times—it has happened when going round there, that he on occasionally asked me in—he did not tell me that the shop Midgley was to take in Crawford-street was to be his, (Miers's,) or that Mrs. Midgley was to carry it on for him—I never heard him say that he had taken another shop in Surrey-place, and another sister was to carry that on for him—in that he had opened a shop at Isleworth, where he had sent another since to take charge—he never disclosed that to me—I did not know Midgly was under age when I supplied him with the goods in Crawford-street saw he was young, but I thought he was of age, of course, by his appearance—I thought he looked of age—if I had known he was not, I certainly should not have supplied him with goods—I became acquainted with his by his being at Mr. Miers's—Mr. Miers did not tell me he was under age

Q. Had you any means of judging of his solvency except what you get from Mr. Miers? A. No, except what Midgley said himself that he should have from about 400l. to 600l.—Mr. Miers confirmed that—I heard in the course of the winter that Midgley was in Whitecross-street—that opened my eyes that we should never get paid for the goods—I felt satisfied of that—I did not go to the prison—I saw Mr. Miers soon after—I cannot say the day—it was my regular round to call—I said to him, "Mr. Miers, you told me that man was a man of property, and confirmed his own statement of having 400l. or 600l., and you have let us in for 100l.; it is very odd"—I was aware before that that we should not be paid, but I did not express my surprise to Mr. Miers—Mr. Miers told me that be was in prison when I called on him—I expected before that be was insolvent, because we did not get our money for our account—I called in Crawford-street, and found he was gone—I found the shop shut up—that was the first intimation I

had which made me doubt—I believe I called on Mien from Crawford-street—I cannot tell when that was—it was soon after he was supplied with he goods, in the autumn—I asked where he was, and Miers said he did not know—he did not tell me he had served in his shop, and had continued to never there the greater part of autumn—it was a very short time before the here that I learnt he was arrested—let me see, it was about a month before he fire, but I do not speak positively—it is not my duty to keep my brother's accounts, or to know what sums are paid, that is the clerk's duty—his son knows what sums were paid—he is in town.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Was it any part of your brother's practice go round the different shops? A. No, he would know nothing about the prisoner's stock—I understood Midgley to represent that he should have the or 600l. from an uncle—he told me his uncle was about receiving his rents, and he had a bill—that was not in Miers's presence—it was up at his own place—I understood from him that he was to obtain the money by bill of his uncle.

Q. Do you know whether it is the practice to have "dummies" in upper shelves of linen-drapers' shops? A. If they want filling up at all—the gas smokes the goods on the upper shelves.

Q. Do you know whether it is the practice to have shops in different parts, and in different names? A. Some houses do open one or two houses, if they are in extensive business—if I had the least doubt about the spoon I used being silver, I would not swear it—our accounts were generally paid by bills—Glover was the name of our clerk—he has left us now, but I dare say we could find him—bills could not have been dishonoured by Miers without my knowing it—I should not have gone on dealing with him If his bills had been dishonoured—we should have made further inquiry—we always considered him a very respectable man—I sold the goods to Midgley, at his house, in Crawford-street—some part of them were sold in our warehouse, and were sent to Crawford-street.

MR. KELLY. Q. I have just. read that the goods supplied between April, 1837, and December, 1837, both inclusive, amount altogether to about 82l., is that about the amount of goods with which your house supplied Miers between those periods? A. I cannot say to a certainty, unless I could see our ledger;—a tradesman would keep up his stock, and not be quite out of an article.





JOHN GOVIER
. I am a draper's assistant, but am out of a situation at present. I once lived with Mr. Miers, in Oxford-street—I went to him in the latter part of January, 1837, and left in April the same year—I went with him to High-street—I assisted in removing the stock from Oxford-street to High-street—I remained about three weeks in his service in High-street—he removed from Oxford-street on the 25th of March. Q. About what was the value of his stock when you were with him in Oxford-street? A. Between 2000l. and 3000l.—I was not there when he took stock—he had about the same value of stock when I left him in High-street, as when I was in Oxford-street—I went to live with him again in the month of June, and remained about a fortnight or three weeks—during all the time I was with him, he replaced the stock he fold, by other purchases to keep it up—the stock was about the same the last time I was with him in July, 1837—I should say there was no sensible diminution—the value of the stock was from 2000l. to 2500l.—I should say, when I left the value

of the stock was 2500l.—it was considerably above 2000l.—it consisted of a general assortment of drapery and haberdashery—there was stock in the counter-drawers—there was one or two nests of drawers in the shop which also contained stock—those goods would certainly not be seen in coming in, but as shopman I had the opportunity of seeing their contests, and I speak from that knowledge.

Cross-examined by
MR. KELLY. Q. How long have you been out of a situation? A. Three months—I have lived all that time at one place, at the Cross Keys public-house, Theobald's-road—I have lived there eight weeks—before that, I lived in Berwick-street, Soho—I was first applied to on this subject last Monday—I heard of the fire the day after it took place, and saw in the papers that Mr. Miers was apprehended on this charge—I saw the proceedings before the Magistrate.

Q. Did you not immediately go and give information to somebody of what you knew about it? A. No, I said nothing at all—I heard of the prosecution, but not that I should be wanted—I had no application made to me until Monday—Mr. Midgley then applied to me—I have seen him once or twice since then—I have seen Mr. Jervis—I have not received any money for coming here—I was subpoenaed, and received 1s. with my subpoena—I do not know How much I am to receive—I have not had any conversation with Mr. Midgley, Mr. Jervis, or anybody about what I was to receive—Mr. Miers's stock was removed from Oxford-street just previous to the 25th of March—I left about the middle of April, I believe, I cannot say on what day.

Q. What wholesale houses did Mr. Miers deal with in March or April? A. He dealt with Mr. Walters, in Wood-street—the others I do not know—there was a supply of what was necessary for the stock, between the time of his removal from Oxford-street and April, when I left—I do not know where it came from—I cannot swear to what extent goods were supplied then—I went to him again, early in June, and left at the latter past of June, I believe—Mr. Miers was ill when I went, and I merely went till be was well again—I cannot tell the names of other wholesale houses from which he received goods during the month of May or June—I did not know that he was going to open a shop at Isleworth—I knew that Midgley was going to set up shop for himself—I have known Midgley for the last five years—I had not seen him for two years previous to going to live with Mr. Miers in Oxford-street—I first knew him in 1833—I did not know his age—I heard he was under age—I have heard he was not above eighteen or nineteen.

Q. Did you know that Mr. Miers procured him credit by recommending him? A. I know nothing of that—since I have been out of a situation, I have lived partly on the money I had when I was in a situation, and partly by remittances from friends—the last house I was in was in Payne's, in Exmouth-street, Clerkenwell—I left them in December, from illness—I saw Midgley last on Saturday.

MR. THOMAS. Q. When you say Mr. Miers's stock was worth from 2000l. to 3000l., do you mean the stock generally, independent of any occasional supply? A. That was the general value of the stock—there was a warehouse besides the shop, at the back part of the house—at the end of the time I was there, there was a quantity of stock in that warehouse—I did not see any in a closet—I was not acquainted with toe upstairs

part of the dwelling-house—not the whole of it—I have been over the house—I did not see the invoices when goods were sent—I had nothing to do with that.





WILLIAM JOHN WARREN
. I am a linen-draper, and hate been so mole than twelve year. I am not in business on my own account—I went to live with Mr. Miers when he first opened his shop in Oxford-street, in 1815—he left in March 1837—I was not with him the whole of that time—when I first went I should imagine the value of the stock was upwards of 3000l.—I did not assist in the removal of his goods to High-street, but remember his leaving Oxford-street perfectly well—I was living with him two or three days before he left—I should say the Value of his stock then was between 2000l. and 3000l—I had opportunities of judging—I should suppose I am able to form an opinion of stock of that kind, and formed that estimate a few days before he went to High-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. KELLY. Q. Are you now in any business? A. I am not—I have been out of a situation between two and three months—was with Mr. Miers upwards of two years, but I had left him for two or three months in that time, and came back—he had five or six assistants generally besides himself, in Oxford-street—sometimes more and sometimes less—he did a very good business there—I cannot give you any idea of the size of the shop—I have been in the shop in High-street, but not to take Ha dimensions—I should say the shop in Oxford-street was decidedly the largest of he two—he dealt with Mr. Walters while in Oxford-street—I do not recollect who else—he did not do much with Pawsons, I think—I was not a buyer, and had nothing to do with the invoices—I had 80l. a-year, and board and lodging.

Q. Can you give me any idea How much per day or per week you took a Oxford-street, over the counter? A. No—some days we took much more than others—I had nothing to do with taking the cash, nor checking he cash, and I cannot say—there was a cashier in the desk—he was some lad—I do not recollect his name—I have often lived in houses with lads and young men, and did not know their names after being in the establishment two or three months.

Q. You cannot tell me whether it was 10l. of 50l. a day, or what? A. No, I have known the time when we have taken 50l. a day, and more than that—I do not know that Saturday was a better day than others—he generally consider it a good day, but, for Oxford-street, Monday it considered the best day—I cannot say whether I have known as much as or 80l. taken in a day—I cannot say whether 50l. would be a fair average—I had nothing to do with the books.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You merely sold the articles which people came to ask for? A. If a customer came, I was to make the best I could of of them—other people served in the shop—I do not remember Gattrell being in the service—the stock was made up, in comparison, with the sales—Mr. Miers was in he habit of going into the City two or three times a week, and always bought largely—I might have been engaged with a customer when goods came—I have on many occasions seen goods delivered from the City—there was a considerable sale of goods in the shop—we did I very good business—four or five assistants were required—if his sale was smaller, of course, less assistance would be required—the assistants were not to look after the stock, but after the customers—if the sale was less, but the stock as large, the same assistance would not be required.





WILLIAM WALTERS

re-examined by
MR. PAYNE. I have my ledger

here now—it was not kept by myself, but by the clerk, Glover—he left down Christmas—I have another ledger which was also kept by Glover—I have referred to the book since I was examined, and turned the leaves down from April to December last year.

MR. KELLY. Q. Cast your eyes over it; I will give you the sums, and you can tell me whether they substantially correspond—(reads)—"Account from April 4th to May 18th, 1837, would it be about 32l. 9s. 1d.? A. Yes, the would be near the amount, some goods having been returned, or it was have been 41l. odd—from the 23rd of May to the 18th of July it was be exactly 15l. 16s. 2d.; and from the 8th of August to the 12th of september it would be 15l. 15s. 9d.—from the 26th of September to the 12th of December it would be 18l. 14s. 2d.; and on the 2nd of January 3l. 19s. 10d.—that is the last sum.

COURT. Q. Is the whole of that still due? A. No—the last pared of goods is due.

MR. KELLY. Q. I think I see something about a bill returned a April, 1838? A. Yes—that is in my brother's handwriting-these good have all been paid for, except those had from the 26th of December to the 2nd of January—part was paid on the 4th of January, part on the 4th of November, and part on the 4th of September—we had payments on the 4th of January this year—this bill was due on the 4th of April—it was drawn in January—it was only returned last week—the payment on the 4th of January was for the 15l. parcel—the returned bill is for 13l. 16s. 6d.—it was given for goods sold on the 26th of September, and he make payment at the same time besides.





GEORGE SMITH
. I lodged in the prisoner's house, in High-street Marylebone—I went there about the beginning of July, or latter end of June—I occupied two rooms on the first floor, a bed-room, on the second, and aback kitchen—I furnished the lodgings—they were let uufurnished—I left about the beginning of October—during the time I was there I complained on several occasions of the effluvia from the gas—I first complained of it within a day or two of my taking the apartments—I recollect the gas-fitter being sent for—I complained to Mr. Miers immediately, and he said he had sent—the gas-fitter came, I that about a week after—that was Mr. Defries—he did not come him self more than once—his man came afterwards two different times—I am quite sure it was three times in the whole—I am not certain whether it was remedied entirely—I cannot recollect—I do not recollect any smell at all from any escape of gas after the man had been—I do not remember complaining of any smell after that.

Cross-examined by
MR. KELLY. Q. When did the man come the last time? A. About the middle of September, as near as I can say—I have not had any acquaintance with Mr. Miers since I left his lodging—I think I was first applied to to become a witness this day week, but I am not certain—I believe a clerk from Mr. Jervis applied to me—Mr. Genns applied to me a month ago—I understood you to mean when I was first applied to appear here—Mr. Genna did not apply to me to come here—he asked me if I would come forward.

Q. What made you leave the prisoner's lodging? A. I only took the lodging till I found a house to suit me—I was there altogether from there to four months—I had the first floor, and a back room on the second floor—those rooms I furnished myself—I took my furniture away when I left—there was a shopman, Mr. Miers, his wife, a boy, two servants, and Mr.

Midgley, in the house when I left—I believe Mr. Midgley lived there while I was there, but I am not sure of it—I think I have seen him there.

MR. JAMES. Q. About Mr. Genna's application to you, he asked you to come forward on the trial? A. Yes, and then I was subpoenaed.





WILLIAM WALTERS

re-examined. I have Midgley's account here.
(This account being referred to, was for goods supplied from the 8th of June to the 24th of June. 1837; total amount, 127l. 10s. 11d.; credit by returns, 1l. 13s. 9d.; balance, 125l. 17s. 2d.)





GEORGE TILL
. I am an assistant to a draper, and live with Mr. Rout, in Oxford-street. I did live with Mr. Miers, as shopman, in Oxford-street, in June, 1836—I did not go with him to High-street—I have been in his shop in High-street twice—I should think the first time was about five or six months ago—I observed the state of his shop at that time, and it appeared very well stocked—I saw it again about a fortnight or three weeks after, and it appeared the same—I have never been since—I could not form any notion of the value of the stock, for I was not in the place five minutes.

Cross-examined by
MR. KELLY. Q. The last time you were there, what month was it in? A. I really do not know—I cannot say whether it was in September, October, or August—I had some lace-goods to part with, and called there to sell him some, if I could—he was not within, and I went out directly—I went on the same errand the time before, and he was then up stairs, unwell—I staid there about three minutes—I left directly I found he could not see me—I live now with Mr. Rout, of Oxford-street—it is not a large shop—he keeps ten or twelve assistants—Mr. Miers kept four or five, while I was with him—he had a very good trade while I was there—I cannot give any idea of the amount of the sales each day—it is some time ago—Mr. Miers was up stairs, unwell, when I called in High-street—I cannot say whether he was in bed—I cannot tell whether that was in June—I cannot say it was not.





FREDERICK BOND
. I am a draper's assistant, and live with Mr. Clarke, of Oxford-street. I have lived with him since I left Mr. Miers, which was in March, 1837, when he left Oxford-street—he took stock in August, 1836—I cannot call to mind what the amount of stock was, but Mr. Rickards has the stock-book in his possession, which is in my handwriting.

Q. Whatever it was, was the stock kept up to about the same amount, up to the time of your leaving? A. I cannot say for a certainty, but Mr. Miers and other parties were in the City—I should say the amount of stock at the time he left was about the same, because he was buying continually, more or less—I should not say it was more.

Cross-examined by
MR. KELLT. Q. Can you tell at all what was the amount of his sales per day? A. No—no young man can tell you that, because he had a cashier—I think his name was Barlow—I have not seen the cashier for this twelvemonth.





ROBERT MARKS
. I am a silversmith, and carry on business at No. 123, Oxford-street. I know Midgley by name, and since I have been here I recognise him as having purchased a child's coral of me, with bells attached to it, about nine or ten months back—I should most likely know it again, for there was a private mark on it.

Cross-examined by Mr. KELLY. Q. Perhaps when you were here you saw it on the table? A. No, I did not—it was a coral with silver bells.


MR. JAMES. Q. Did Midgley buy a wedding-ring of you? A. He did, rather more than ten months ago—I think it was hardly so long as January, 1837, but it may be.





EDWARD ANSTEAD
. I am clerk to Morley and Co., of Gutter lane wholesale drapers. They had business-transactions with Mr. Miers—at the latter end of December last I called at his shop for the account, and received the money from him—it was 4l. 6s.—I had, previous to that, been to his shop, and received money—I was there on the 30th of November, and received 23l. 4s. from him.

Q. Did you, on either of those occasions, observe the general apperance of his shop, as to the stock? A. I have no doubt I did, but I have no very particular recollection about it—I had been in the habit of going there before—he dealt at our house from December, 1835, up to January last—in the year 1837, he purchased at our house to the amount of 99l. 19s. 2d.—the whole of that was after March—those goods were sent to High-street, Marylebone—he owes us 6l. 17s. 10d. now—all the rent has been paid—from the end of December, 1835, to the end of 1836, he bought 322l. 13s. worth of goods—and on the 19th of January, this year; he purchased 1l. 18s. 10d. worth.

MR. KELLY. Q. Do you recollect what those goods were on the 19th of January? A. No—I did not deliver them—I am speaking from a journal.





DANIEL CLUTTRRBUCK
. I keep a coffee-house, in Great Cattle-street Regent-street, it is very near Oxford-market. Castle-street, east and west, crosses Oxford-market—my shop is on the other side from John-street to Regent-street—there are very few houses from the market to John-street—I have kept my shop there nearly two years—I know a person named Midgley, who sometimes used to come to my house—I have seen him to-day—he is the same man that used to come my shop—he, on one occasion, left a parcel at my house—I cannot recollect when it was—I should think it was about January, but I really cannot say, for I never dreamt of being asked the question—I perfectly recollect his calling, and leaving a parcel—he had not left a parcel before—I believe he fetched it away the same evening—I am positive he had one parcel, and I believe two—I did not know his name at that time—he might have known mine, as it was on a brass plate on the door.

Cross-examined by
MR. KELLT. Q. What was written on the brass plate? A. "Clutterbuck" only—my house is on the north side of Oxford market—it is No. 34—I call my address, "34. Great Castle-street, Regent-street"—I have a board over the door stating it is a coffee and chop-house—I have kept it nearly two years—I cannot state positively when I first saw Midgley, but I believe it was either in December or January—he came for refreshment—he did not give his name—I never heard him say who or what he was—I cannot say exactly that the parcel was left in January, but I believe so.

Q. When were you first applied to, and asked any thing about the parcel? A. This morning, never before—Midgley and the attorney's-clerk, as I understood, came to me—the clerk presented me with a summons, and said he wanted me to come to the Old Bailey to give evidence respecting a parcel which Midgley had left at my house—he did not tell me when the parcel had been left nor about the time—they wanted me to go with them, and they would go in a cab or omnibus—nobody lives at my shop but myself—there are lodgers, but I have nothing to do with them

—unstill this morning I did not know the name of Midgley—I never heard—I did not know what he was—there are several town-travellers come to my house from the City, and carry brown paper parcels in their hands, and the parcel he left was similar to those—it was larger than that book, half as large again I should say—it was done up in brown paper—he merely asked permission to leave it for a while—he left it, it might have been an hour or an hour and a half—I cannot tell to an hour—he fetched it away the same evening—I really cannot swear what month it was in—I do not six the time at all—it was certainly not February—town-travellers come for refreshments, walk out, leave their parcels, and come back again and take them—that is a frequent practice—I do not know Mr. Miers.

Q. If I understand you, you say parcels are left, and the same person who leaves them comes and takes them away? A. Exactly so—I am not in the habit of receiving parcels directed for other people—if a traveller brings a parcel I would not give it up to anybody but himself—the practice is, if a person does not wish to take a large parcel, they leave it, and tall for it again.

MR. THOMAS. Q. Is it not very common for a person to leave a parcel of they wish to go any where? A. Yes—if I know the person I allow them to do so—I have not, from that time to this, seen anybody respecting my coming here—I have not seen Mr. Jervis till to-day, to my knowledge—nobody has applied to me before to-day—we take in newspapers at our shop—I recollect Miers being brought before Mr. Rawlinson—that will not bring the time to my recollection—it was before that, I am certain—I have no motive whatever in coming here to-day—I am positive Midgley is the person who left the parcel.

COURT. Q. Do you know the coffee-shop kept by Higgins? A. I know several in the neighbourhood—I do not know the man himself—I do not recollect the name—I do not know Wood's coffee-shop—my shop is a very short distance from No. 13, John-street—I should say within 100 yards—do not know No. 118, Great Titchfield-street—I know Great Titchfield-street—I do not know the coffee-shop kept by Wood there—I do not know which way the numbers run—the part of Titchfield-street nearest to my house is at the top of the market where the street begins—the north side of the market—I should say the beginning of Great Titchfield-street is 300 yards from my shop—the market is about half the distance.





JOSEPH SMITH
. I am a plumber, painter, and glazier, and carry on business in Woodstock-street, Oxford-street. I was employed in August, 1837, to paint and varnish the front of Mr. Miers's house—that was the last I did to it—I have not received orders to do anything since that time, but in August I received orders to compo or repair the front and put up Mr. Miers's name, but I did not do it in consequence of the weather, the compo not being dry enough to paint—it has never been done—the last time I was in the prisoner's shop was on the 10th of November—I merely went there to order some goods to be sent to my house, and he said he wished, as soon as the compo was ready, I would finish it and put up the name—I told him the compo was not dry enough, and I did not do it—I did not see him about any thing after that—I was never in the shop after the 10th of November—the goods I ordered then were sent home—I cannot recollect what they were—I have dealt with Mr. Miers some time, and have been in his shop several times—I painted it in

March, 1837, before he moved into it, and I did something again to it is August.

Q. From the view you made of the shop in August, what was your opinion of the stock? A. I am not a judge of linen-drapery—the shop appeared as well stocked then as it was when it was opened—I did not notice any alteration or diminution.

Cross-examined by
MR. KELLY. Q. How long were you in the shop in August? A. I painted the outside—there was nothing to call my attention to the stock—I cannot say what my bill was—I painted the outside in March, three or four times over, and finished it in August—in August I gave it a coat of paint, and varnished it—I made two charges for it, no one charge for the whole—the last charge was between 2l. and 3l. I suppose.

Q. What is this about the compo? A. When he took the house there was a name with the letters projecting—he wished them cut away from the compo and filled in, and then, when dry, his own name put up—that was in August—I employed a man to do it, but the work was not dry enough—Mr. Miers applied to me in November to finish the work when I went to his house to order goods, and he sent to my house once afterwards for me to paint it, which I did not do, in consequence of the weather—the letters were filled up in August.

'Mr. JAMES. Q. In November was it Mr. Miers spoke to you about it or you to him? A. Mr. Miers spoke to me—leaving it unfinished in November was my neglect—in fact, it was not dry enough to paint.
Mr. KELLY. Q. When were you called on to come here? A. On Tuesday last.





THOMAS COLLINE BENNETT
. I am in the house of Caldecott and Co., at Cheapside. Mr. Miers was in the habit of dealing with them since october, 1835—he opened his account then—I have a statement here a two bills which he accepted for goods—I cannot tell what amount of goods were supplied, but those bills were accepted for the goods—there was a bill he paid on the 4th of April, 1837, of 36l. 18s., and on the 26th of April there was paid with cash 12l. 11s. 6d.—there was no more in 1837—We have no transactions after that, but several previous—I cannot tell what goods were sold in 1837—the paper I have is merely an account of bills paid us.

Cross-examined by
MR. KELLY. Q. Can you undertake to say, of your own knowledge, that any goods at all were supplied to him by your house after February the 17th, 1837? I am not asking about bills, because they might be for past debts. A. Yes, the bills were for past debts—I should think so—I do not know of goods being supplied after the 17th of February, 1837, but I could inform you if I had the books.

Q. Do you know whether the goods in the former years were supplied under a guarantee, which was withdrawn in 1837? A. The goods was supplied under a guarantee—I cannot say when it was withdrawn—I know when the account commenced we had a guarantee.





JAMES SEBASTIAN YATES
. I am in the house of Coster and Co., silk merchants, and general warehousemen, in Aldermanbury. Mr. Miers dealt with them—I cannot say when he began, but I think it was in 1835—he continued dealing with them down to the time of his premises being burnt down—I cannot tell, without referring to books, to what amount he dealt with us during the year 1837, nor in any other year—I believe a statement of the account has been given, which you can refer to—(looking at a paper)—

this is not my writing—I do not be five it is the writing of any one in our house—there are two partners in our firm at this time—a copy of the account has been furnished, and if that is in Court, I can swear to its being a copy of the ledger—it was given both on behalf of the Insurance-office and of the prisoner—I examined it from the books myself.

Q. Look at this statement, and tell us How much you supplied in 1835? A. About 369l.

MR. KELLY. Q. I find I have a copy of the account, furnished to the insurance Office; it begins in October, 1835? A. Yes—the amount in October, and part of November, is 316l. odd—the amount of goods kept was 245l. 15s. 2d.—the whole amount supplied in 1835 is 369l., deducting the returns—in 1836, it was about 740l., and down to March 25th, 1837, it was 22l.—and from Lady-day, up to January, 1838, it was 260l.—those were the last goods sold.

MR. THOMAS. Q. In speaking of those amounts, do you account for my goods returned, in speaking of the 740l.? A. That is independent of the goods returned—we have been paid for every thing, except the last goods, which were sold in December, 1837, and January, 1838—the amount of the last supply, in December and January, was 36l. odd—7l. in January, and 19l. In December—those goods should have been paid for on the last Thursday in January—that was after the fire—there has been no failure of payment whatever, when due.

MR. KELLY. Q. Do you know that your house, down to the time of his leaving Oxford-street, supplied him with these goods, under a guarantee? A. They did—that guarantee was withdrawn in April, 1837, and after that are supplied him with goods from one month to the other, he paying for each month—we did not extend our credit beyond one month's account—the amounts go on diminishing after July and August—the amount in August was the largest after March—but after that time they go on diminishing will we come down to January.

MR. THOMAS. Q. Do you consider High-street as good a situation for the sale of goods as Oxford-street? A. I should say for a lower class of goods.

MR. KELLY. Q. Do you know Midgley? A. We do not—I believe Midgley wished us to supply him with goods—I know from the people in the house that a 410l. bill was offered—I do not know it myself.

MR. THOMAS. Q. Did you offer yourself to do business with Mr. Miers in the way stated—to give him a month's credit? A. We did.

MR. KELLY. Q. Is this your invoice for the last goods? A. Yes—we usually deal for a bill at three months, from the first of the following month, but when the guarantee was withdrawn, we agreed to let him have credit to the end of the month.

MR. THOMAS. Q. Do you allow discount for those sort of dealings? A. Yes, one and a quarter per cent.
—RAND. I am clerk in the warehouse of Messrs. Bradbury, wholesale mercers, No. 6, Aldermanbury. I recollect Mr. Mien dealing at our house—he commenced in December, 1835—I have extracts here from our books—he dealt with us up to the 12th of April, 1837—the last supply was in April, except a single parcel, which was paid for on delivery—we did not send any goods to High-street—I cannot tell exactly the amount of goods furnished during 1837—I should imagine the gross amount was 137l.


Cross-examined by
MR. KELLY. Q. Do not tell us what you imagine A. I have no dates—I should say goods were supplied to a greater amount than 30l. or 40l. In 1837, I should say it was to the amount of 150l. is 1837, but I cannot tell until I see our books again.

MR. JAMES. Q. What is the extract you have from your books there? A. Bills drawn and paid.





WILLIAM HOPKINS HOLYLAND

re-examined. I am clerk to Messers. Pawson and Co. This account—(looking at one)—was furnished from our house, and I believe it to be correct—we did not supply any goods to Mr. Miers in 1837—our account only comes up to December 9th, 1836—the whole amount of goods supplied was 1790l.—it began October 2, 1835—between that and December 1836, there was 1790l. worth of goods supplied, but nothing at all since that—we were paid for the goods.

Cross-examined by
MR. KELLY. Q. Ton said before that they were supplied under a guarantee, which has been since withdrawn? A. Yes we have had no dealings with him since—nearly half that amount was in 1835, and the other half in 1836.

T. C. BENNETT
re-examined. I have now brought a copy of the ledger—the account commences on the 7th of October, 1835—the whole amount in 1835 is 350l. but part of those goods were returned, between 6l. and 7l. worth, which would make it about 343l.—in 1836, it amounted to about 960l., and in 1837, to about 12l.—the last date of 1837 is the 17th of February.

Cross-examined by
MR. KELLY. Q. Do you know anything of this of your own knowledge, or have you taken it from your books? A. I have taken it from the ledger—he returned goods to the amount of 7l.—3l. 10s. and 1l. 9s. 3d. was all that was supplied in 1837—I cannot say whether the returns are deducted from that amount—it is a very rough statement—I think about 326l. worth were supplied subsequent to the 31st of August 1836—we always supplied the goods under a guarantee—I was withdrawn in April, I think.
(John Manning, mercer and draper, Aldgate; George Nicholson, carpet and linen-warehouseman, Aldgate; Richard Knight, carpet-warehouseman No. 273, High-holborn; William Nicholson, carpet-warehouseman, No. 318, High-holborn; Richard Emmerson, carpet-warehouseman, No. 305, High-holborn: James Bowen, linen-draper, No. 68, Chiswell-street, Richard Fawcett, carpet-warehouseman, No. 74, High-street, Whitechapel; Charles Johnson, linen-draper and carpet-warehouseman, No. 92, Bishops gate-street, Without; Jonathan Nicholson,, Carpet-bag manufacturer, southampton-court, Southampton-buildings; and Francis Shaw, linen-draper, No. 201, High-street, Borough, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Life.
