




696. 




ROBERT BEALE
 and 




FRANCIS DEANE
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
24th of January, 280lbs. weight of lead, value 2l. 10s., the goods of 



Thomas Bingham Richards; and fixed to a certain building; against the Statute, &c.; and that Beale had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS BRUSH
. I am a gardener in the service of Mr. Thomas Bingham Richards at Battersea. On the 24th of January, at half-past twelve o'clock, I saw Deane handing something to Robert Beale, at the end of the Marsh-lane, Battersea—it appeared to be heavy—Beale took it across and put it into a donkey-cart, and Deane went towards Battersea—Beale and the cart towards the bridge—Mr. Richards has three empty houses there—the middle one has had the lead stripped off it—I have not compared this lead with the house—it was just in the front of the house I saw this done—in day-time—I could not see what the heavy article which was wrapped up was—there is about 2801bs. of lead taken from the premises.





THOMAS WELLER
. I live with my father-in-law, Samuel Eastman, a cow-keeper. I saw the prisoners near the house of Mr. Richards—I saw Deane go in and fetch lead out of the yard in a sack—he gave it to Beale, and he put it into a donkey-cart.

Deane. He says it was lead, and the other witness states it was wrapped up in a sack—how can he say what it was? Witness. It was not quite covered up.





THOMAS HALL
. I saw the two prisoners at Battersea-bridge, on the 24th of January.





JOHN HARVEY
 (police-constable V 47.) I took some shoes off Deane's feet on the 24th, and compared them with some marks in the garden of Mr. Richards, they corresponded exactly.





WILLIAM READ
 (police-constable V 95.) I received information, and went in search of the prisoners, and apprehended Beale—I got some lead from inside the premises—it was not all taken away—there was no lead found in the cart.

Beale's Defence. In the morning, between nine and ten o'clock, I went over Battersea-bridge—I did not come back till five in the afternoon—I then heard of the robbery.
(The prisoner Deane received a good character.)





SAMUEL EASTMAN
. I produce a certificate of Beale's former conviction—which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read) he is the person.

BEALE—


GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Seven Years.

DEANE—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—



Confined Six Months.
