





504. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, 2 sovereigns, and 1 half sovereign, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Smart
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMART
               



            . I am a carpenter and builder
. On Saturday evening last I went out to pay a bill; I met a friend whom I had not seen for ten years - we got drinking; I afterwards met the prisoner in Whitcomb-street


 - she spoke to me and I at last went home with her, and went up stairs; I had two sovereigns and a half in my pocket - I had not made any bargain with her; I went on the bed - I left my breeches on the floor; my money was in my left-hand breeches pocket - I cannot say what I might have given her; I am turned seventy-nine years of age - she left me, and I missed my money; I do not know but I might have given her a half-sovereign to go and get change - I have a wife.
Prisoner. Q. Did you speak to me first, or I to you? A. I do not exactly recollect; I do not recollect going into the parlour of the public-house, and calling for rum and water, and having a silk umbrella, and telling you to hold it till I got into a coach - I did not go after you and say I would go home with you; I never was in the house before in my life.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  GARDEY
               



            . I live at the house in Whitcomb-street; I remember the prosecutor and prisoner coming that evening - I had never seen them before; it is a house of accommodation - they were tussleing in the passage for some minutes; I went out, and she was trying to persuade him to come in; he was very much intoxicated, and had been down in the mud; she put a shilling into my hand, and said, "This is a friend of mine I have known for fifteen years; he is a respectable man, the father of a family, and I found him in company with two prostitutes" - I took them into the first floor front room, and said "this room will be two shillings;" she said, "We came for nothing criminal" - the prosecutor sat down on a chair, and she asked him to send for some rum; he said, "I have had quite a sufficiency" - she said to me, "I know he has many guineas about him, you had better search him for fear any improper person should come up, and rob him;" I said, "That is a thing we never do" - she said."Then you had better search my pockets, for I must go home to prayers at ten o'clock at night, in the family I live with;" she then took out some pieces of bread, and said he took her to the coach-office and gave her some rum and water, and three shillings; she afterwards came down with a half-sovereign to get some drink - I said, "It is a thing we do not allow, for any lady to go away without the gentleman; and my master said there was 2s. to pay for the room - she then gave me the half-sovereign to go; I went, returned, and gave her the change - I then went up stairs to the adjoining room to where they were, to light the fire for some company, and looked through a crevice in the wainscot; I saw her on the bed, and the old gentleman tumbled down twice - he was partly undressed, and laid his clothes on the floor; he then tumbled on the bed, and complained of being cold, and she said she would get her gown and put over him - I then saw her take two sovereigns out of his pocket, I think his waistcoat pocket- she felt all his pockets; she held the two sovereigns up to the candle, put them into her mouth, and went to bed again; I then went down, and told my master what I had seen - he went up stairs, fastened the door of the room they were in, and sent for an officer; in about ten minutes the prisoner was dressed, and was calling to me to get her some rum to treat me and my master - she said the old gentleman was gone to sleep, and she wanted to go home by the omnibus, to her family; one sovereign was found in her stays, and one in her mouth.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not beg you to take care of his money? A. Yes, and I refused - I saw you take the sovereigns out of his pocket; you had been drinking.


                  CHARLES 
                  FREEMAN
               



             (Police-constable C 71.) I was sent for, and took the prisoner; I told her she had been robbing the man - she said, "No, I have not;" I said,"What is that in your hand?" she said it was some silver of her own; I said, "Where is the sovereign?" she said,"I have no sovereign;" I was searching her, and a sovereign dropped from her neck; I took her to the station, then went back, and fetched the prosecutor.


                  JOSHUA 
                  FREDERICK CLEMENTS
               



            . I saw the prisoner put her hand to her mouth, and take this sovereign from it- I have made inquiry, and I believe she is not a common prostitute.
Prisoner's Defence. The old gentleman gave me the two sovereigns, on my oath, previous to my putting my hand into his pockets - when he dropped his things on the floor he said, "My dear, there is more money," and when he took up the change he said, "Take it for your trouble."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
