




1750. 




JOHN WALKER
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
25th of June, 3 £10 Bank-notes, and 3 £5 Bank-notes, the property of 



Fredrick Mansell, his master, in his dwelling-house; and 




JOHN FLETCHER



for feloniously receiving 2 £10 Bank-notes, and 2 £5 Bank-notes, part of the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c— 2nd; COUNT, for receiving, harbouring, and maintaining the said John walker; against the Statute, &c.; to which Walker pleaded





GUILTY. Aged 17.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor
.



Transported for Seven Years.

MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





FREDERICK MANSELL
. I reside in Myddleton-square, and am an engraver. John Walker was in my service as foot-boy, and wore a livery—on the 24th of June, I placed three £10 notes and three £5 notes in a drawer, in my bed-room—I locked the drawer, and went out of town that day—my pupil, George Winter, had a duplicate key of the drawer—I returned the following day—the drawer had then been opened, and the notes taken away.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had not Walker absconded? A. Yes—I returned about seven o'clock the following evening.





GEORGE WINTER
. I am a pupil of Mr. Mansell's. On the 24th of June I went to the drawer, where the notes were kept—I took out a £5 note, and gave it to Walker to get change—he brought the note back, as he could not get change, I replaced the note in the drawer, and locked it—I placed the key on the chest of drawers, when I went to bed at night, that it might be handy in the night—in the morning, when I dressed myself, I missed the key—Walker had not left the house then, but he left about three o'clock, and gave no notice at all—I procured the drawer to be opened, and all the notes were gone.





MARY LAZARUS
. I live at No. 112, East Smithfield, opposite the London Docks. On the 25th of June, between one and two o'clock, Walker and Fletcher came to my shop to purchase a waistcoat—Walker was in livery—they bought the waistcoat, and Walker paid for it with a half-sovereign—there were two watches hung behind my counter—Walker said he should like to purchase them, one for himself and one for his brother—he bought the two for five guineas—he gave me a £10 note—I did not give him change, as I suspected the note—I have not the note now—it was passed two or three days after—the change I have here—Walker said he wanted a coat, and my servant went out to get one, and in the interim, Walker said he must go for his master, Mr. Savory, and he would return in a quarter of an hour.

Cross-examined. Q. Did Fletcher speak at all? A. Not at all.





JOSEPH HOPPE
. I live in the Minories. On the 25th of June, Walker and Fletcher came to my shop—Walker bought a frock-coat for 15s., and a pair of trowsers for 6s.—he left his livery, a coat, waistcoat, and trowsers with me for 5s.—they were very much worn.





WILLIAM SUTTLE
 (police-constable R 96.) On the morning of the 26th of June, I was in the Kent-road on duty about a quarter after six o'clock—I saw Walker and Fletcher together—Fletcher had a bundle—I asked him what he had in it—he said some things he had been buying at Mr. Carnarvon's, at the Broadway, Deptford—I found two or three shirts in it; one had been on, and the others were nearly new—I searched Walker, and found on him a watch, and 5s.—while I was searching Walker at the station, I saw Nicholls pick up some notes—Fletcher was a yard or a yard and a half from Walker, at that time—I was between them both—the notes that Nicholls picked up could not have dropped from Walker.

COURT. Q. Why not? A. He was such a distance, that they could

not have dropped—they might have been thrown—Fletcher said, "you threw them at me."





CHARLES NICHOLLS
 (police-constable R 121.) I was on duty with Suttle—I assisted in taking the prisoner, and Walker, to the station—I picked up these notes.

MR. MANSELL
re-examined. Two of these notes I can swear to; the others correspond in amount with what I lost.

FLETCHER—


NOT GUILTY
.
