





1086. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of May
, 4 half-crowns, and 4 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Strutton
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  STRUTTON
               



            . I am a hackney-coachman
, and drive No. 507. On the 2nd of May, between one and two o'clock in the morning, I took four gentlemen to the Hay-market - when they got out of my coach they were jumping on my horses, and one of them tore his trousers; the prisoner, who was quite a stranger, came up to me, and said the gentlemen were having a bit of fun with me - he then asked me to have something to drink, and we did; when we came out of the house where we had it, the prisoner asked where I was going - I said to Whitechapel; he said he lived that way, and asked if I would give him a ride - I said Yes, and welcome; he then asked if I would let two women get into the coach, and he got on the box; as we were coming along Fleet-street I felt his hand in my pocket, and told him to keep it away - when we got on to Ludgate-hill


 I felt his hand in my pocket again, and he took out four half-crowns and four shillings, which was all I had; I collared him instantly, and held him fast - I never let him go, but I do not know whether he might not turn his hand, and give the money to one of the ladies in the coach; I know I had felt it safe in Fleet-street - I was in liquor, but knew what I was doing.


                  JAMES 
                  GILL
               



            . The prosecutor called me, and gave charge of the prisoner for robbing him of some money - he said at the watch-house in Paternoster-row, that it was four shillings and four half-crowns - he was in liquor, but had his senses; he seemed to know what he was about; we found four shillings on the prisoner and one half-crown - it was half-past two o'clock in the morning.
Prisoner's Defence. The watchman did not take me in charge - the coach took me to the watch-house; I have been but a few months from Liverpool - I told him I lived over Westminster-bridge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for 14 Years
            .
