




1944. 




SAMUEL PHIPPS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
3rd of July, 4 sovereigns, and 1 £5 note, the monies and property of 



William Dale.






WILLIAM DALE
. I live in Pennington-street, Rateliffe-highway, and un a sailor. On the 3rd of July, I was at St. Katharine Docks, looking at the ships—the prisoner came up, and began talking about the shipping, and asked where I came from—I said, "From the Cape of Good Hope"—he asked if I was going out of the Docks—I said, "Yes, pretty soon"—I stopped a little, and then he went out with me-when we got out, he asked me if I had got any money—I said, "Yes, 9l. "—he said, "You mutt take good care of that, as there are some d-d rogues in London," and he asked me to let him look at it—it was a £5 note and four sovereigns—I let him look—he returned me three brass medals, and an engraved note—I looked at the money, and found there was one short—I had given him four sovereigns—I ran after him, singing out "Thief," but I could not catch him—I saw him again about a month, or a little better, afterwards—I have not any doubt he is the man—I passed by him in the St. Katharine Docks—he walked on faster, and I turned short round, and went after him—I said, "Do you know me?"—"Know you? no," he says—I said, "You don't know me? but you knew my money very well"—he said, "Hold your tongue, don't make a noise, if you will come along with me I will give you your money back again"—I began to make a noise, and he rushed out of my hand—I had hold of him by the collar—he ran up the Kept to Tower-hill, but I followed and took him—I asked the officers to stop him—they said they could not do it—I ran after him, and took him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDEROAST. Q. Was he taken? A. Yes—I got two persons to assist me—the officers at the gate would not have any thing to do with him—I am an Englishman"—I came from Ipswich, in Suffolk, where I was born—I have been nine years at the Cape of Good Hope—I go as a sailor, and as a steward sometimes—I stopped on shore at a gentleman or ladies' servant, at the Cape—I was very nearly two years a constable there—I have been to Algoa Bay, that is, on the coast—I have never been to Botany Bay—I have never been in confinement in Africa—I am quite sure this is the man—I never saw him before that day-be did not say he was not the man when I saw him in the Docks—he did not say it was a lie—he said he did not know any thing about it at first—I did not mention any day to him.





CHARLES DAVIS
. I was coming out of the Dock at the same time, the prisoner said to the prosecutor as he came out, "Come up with me into Rosemary-lane, and I will give you your money back again, or make it good"—he then turned a turning to go to Rosemary-lane, and he wanted the prosecutor to go and have some ale—I said, "Don't do any such thing, give him in charge," the prisoner said he wished to have a pint of beer, and brought out a bad sovereign—we could not get an officer—I and another person assisted to get the prisoner to the station—he fought and kicked very much, and while at the station there were some acquaintances came and wanted the prosecutor to take the money, and let him at liberty—some other persons said if he would come five or ten minutes' walk, they would foake up the money.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the prisoner there then? A. No, he was locked up—the prisoner had no money when he was taken—he had a bad sovereign when he wanted the beer, but that was not found on him at the station-house.






JAMES WHITTEL
. I was in a shop-hearing the cry of "Police," I came out, and seized the prisoner—he had a crown button on his coat—I thought he was a Custom-house officer—I took hold of him, and he kicked me very violently—I am afraid I am injured for life, but I saw the bad sovereign he offered to a publican for a pint of beer—I suppose it was lost.





FRANCIS SMART
. I was a policeman. I searched the prisoner, but found nothing.

Cross-examined. Q. Was he not quite willing to be searched? A. Yes he said he was innocent.





WILLIAM DALE

re-examined. Q. Are you quite sure this was on the 3rd of July? A. As near as I can recollect—I cannot recollect what day of the week it was.





ELIZABETH ANN DALE
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I remember his coming home that day, and producing this forged note—he cannot read—I saw it was forged—it was on Tuesday, the 3rd of July.

MR. PRENDERGOAST
called






JAMES POOL
. I live in Vauxhall-road, Birmingham, and am a filesmith, in the employ of Messrs. Heptinstall and Lawledge, of Hand-street, Birmingham. I have been there forty years—I have known the prisoner five or six years—the last time I saw him at Birmingham was on Saturday, the 14th of July—I had known him a long time before—I had known him for two years living in Vauxhall-lane—I can undertake to swear that he was in Vauxhall-lane for a month before the 11th of July—the man whom he lived with would have been here, but he is ill—the prisoner is married—he could not have left Birmingham within that fortnight, without my knowing it, as I saw him every day—I came up from Birmingham on Wednesday to give this evidence—I heard that he was taken for an offence done the beginning of July, and he knew that I knew he was in Birmingham then—I can undertake to say that he was in the Vauxhall-road on the 3rd of July.

COURT. Q. Did you see him on the 3rd? A. I saw him every day for a long time before—I never noticed any particular day—I saw him every day—he lives in the Vauxhall-road—I do not know what number, there is no number to it, it is a beer-house he lived at last-Joseph Docker keep it—he is a married man—he is ill-Docker has one daughter, about seventeen—she lives at home—there are no servants, only Docker, his wife, daughter, and three sons—they all live at home, one is blind-no one, but the prisoner and his wife, lodges at Dockers—she is in London now—the prisoner has two children, one is in Birmingham, at Docker's house, that is two years old—they all live at Docker's—the prisoner worked with me at Messrs. Lawledge and Heptinstall's every day, till the 14th of July, when he left-about twenty-two persons work there-all these twenty-two would have an opportunity of seeing him as well as myself—he dresses generally in a respectable manner—I have seen him with figured buttons on his coat, it might be a crown, I never took notice—it might be two or three months since I saw him with figured buttons—I do not particularly notice such things as that—I do not know whether this was like a Custom-house officer's button-when he left on the 14th, he came to get a situation-had a situation there, but he has not had much to do the last three months—that was the cause of his leaving—he came to the factory every day to see if there was any thing to do.





FRANCIS SMART
. The prisoner had a crown on his buttons when came in, but he has a black coat on now.


Prisoner. I lent the coat to a fellow prisoner to take his trial in.
(The turnkey produced a coat, with a crown on the buttons.)

Prisoner. That is my coat—the buttons have the crown on, and the word Victoria underneath.





JAMES POOL

re-examined. I have been put to considerable expense by coming here-when we heard of this, my shopmates said if I would come they would pay part of my expenses—I never was in London before in my life—I am now staying with a man named Newton, in Milton-street, he is a man I knew in Birmingham.

COURT. Q. Who gave you money to come up? A. I have always had a pound by me—the prisoner always told me he came from Bath—I hare not said he was a Birmingham man.





THOMAS NEWTON
. I live in Milton-street. I have known the prisoner fourteen or fifteen years—the last time he came to me was on the 17th of July—he said he had just come from Birmingham—he came as a person would who had just come from the country—he had a box and two or three handkerchiefs tied up in bundles—I knew him in Birmingham-to my knowledge he has been a resident in Birmingham—I have been in London eight years, but I was down some years ago and saw him then, and on the 17th he came to me with his wife, and, they have been at my house ever since—he has always borne a good character—I never knew any thing against the man.

COURT
to
JAMES POOL. Q. You say you are a file-cutter? A. Yes, the prisoner worked at what we call smith's work—I do not know what he might have been in his younger days—he never called himself a carpenter.





CHARLES DAVIS

re-examined. When the prisoner was before the Inspector, he said he had just come from Bath, that he carried on the business of a carpenter, in 12, Watton-street, Bath.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Why did you not mention that before? A. Because I did not know what would be said—he said he had just come from Bath—he said he had been a carpenter at Bath—he did not say any thing about Birmingham in the station-house, that I heard—I took notice of what he said particularly—I did not say any thing about this before the Magistrate.





MR. EDMUND JOSEPH JONAS
. I have a book of the statements prisoners make when they come in—this prisoner stated that he was born at Bath, was a carpenter by trade, was a married man, and had three children.

Cross-examined. Q. You will not say that he did not say any thing about Birmingham? A. No, he might.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
