



2281. 




WILLIAM AYRES
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Nunn, at 
St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, about the hour of four in the night of the 
29th of June, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 2l.; 1 waistcoat, value 4s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 3s.;1 pair of spectacles, value 10s.; 4 paintings and frames, value 12s.; the goods of 



William Nunn: 1 pair of trowsers, value 12s.; 1 watch, value 1l.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; 1 waistcoat, value 1s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s. 6d.;1 stocking, value 6d.; and the sum of 4d. in copper; the goods and monies of 



Willian Ross: and 1 time-piece, value 10s., the goods of 



George Gilligan.






WILLIAM NUNN
. I am a green-grocer, and live in Church-Street, Bethnal-green. On the 30th of June I went to bed about half-past one o'clock in the morning, and saw the house secure—the windows were all sound—I was disturbed by the policeman about ten minutes after five o'clock in the morning—I got up, and found the drawers broken open, and things taken out and put upon the table in the back-parlour, even with the shop—the policeman came in with a bundle, containing a waistcoat, trowsers, shoes, and various articles, which were in my house the night before—the house had been entered by cutting a pane of glass in the parlour window, and opening it—I had fastened the window myself the night before—the prisoner has been an apprentice next door to me—here are the articles produced by the policeman—I can speak to them—this is the case of a time-piece, which was left in my care, and was in the parlour—the time-piece was taken out of it, and the case remained—it had been broken to get the time-piece out—a person was tried last Sessions for this, and acquitted, and the property was given up then—the things stolen were not more than one man could carry—there was one bundle tied up ready to be taken away, and another was taken away.





WILLIAM ALDERMAN
.(police-constable H 7.) On the morning of the 30th of June I was on duty in Bethnal-green-road, and I heard an alarm—I went to the corner of Edward-street, and Charles-street, Bethnal-green, at (en minutes after five o'clock, and saw a person named Batchelor with a bundle in his hand, on the tiles of a bakehouse, three doors from Mr. Nunn's—he gave me information, and I got a bundle from him—it contained a coat, a waistcoat, a pair of trowsers, and other articles, which were produced last Sessions, and given up—I took it to Mr. Nunn's, and the property was identified by Ross and Nunn—he was not here himself last Sessions to identify it—I found Mr. Nunn's back window open, as he has described—the prisoner was taken

by an Ilford constable, and given to me, about a fortnight after the robbery—I found this shirt on him, which was claimed by William Ross.





SAMUEL DAVIS
. I am a constable of Ilford. On the 7th of July I received the prisoner into custody—I found on him two duplicates, which I produce—one is for a silver watch, and the other for part of a time-piece—I asked how he accounted for them, not being pawned in his own name—I could not get an answer to that—I asked if they were his own property—be said "Yes"—I showed the duplicate of the watch to Tarrant—I found two small chisels and a centrebit on the prisoner—I applied them to Nunn's window, and the smallest chisel fits as if it had made the mark.





WALTER TARRANT
. I am in the service of Mr. Dobree, a pawnbroker, in Charlotte-street, Fitzroy-square. I produce a watch pawned with me on the 1st of July, I cannot say who by—this duplicate produced is what I gave to the person who pawned it—I cannot say. whether it was the prisoner or not.





HENRY BODMAN
. I am shopman to Mr. Reeves, a pawnbroker, in Gray's Inn-lane. I produce the works of a time-piece pawned on the 1st of July by the prisoner, in the name of John Wright, Drury-lane—the duplicate produced is what I gave him—I am quite certain of him.





WILLIAM ROSS
. I am servant to Mr. Nunn. On the night the house was robbed I slept underneath the counter of his shop—I was disturbed about a quarter after five o'clock—I looked 'about, and missed my watch, trowsers, waistcoat, shirt, and other things—this is my watch and shirt.





GEORGE GILLIOAN
. I am a silk-printer, and live at Waltham-abbey. I left a chest-of-drawers in the care of Mr. Nunn, containing a coat, waist-coat, a time-piece, and other articles—this is the time-piece and case—the coat and waistcoat I have on now—they belong to me, and were produced at the last-trial.

Prisoner's Defence. I bought the duplicates—I did not pledge the time-piece.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fifteen Years. (There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
