




1147. 




MATTHEW HARVEY
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
1st of March, 1 pewter-pot, value 6d., the goods of 



Charles Gigner: 10lbs. weight of leaden pipe, value 2s.; 1 metal cock, value 1s., and 1 fixture, that is to say, 1 copper, value 18s.; the goods of 



Susan Holland, and being fixed in a building; against the Statute, &c.; and





JANE HOLLAND



, for feloniously inciting the said 



Matthew Harvey to commit the said felony.






THOMAS HOLLAND
. I live at No. 37, Mitre-street, Webb-street, Lambeth. My mother's name is Susan—this house was hers—I had seen it before the 1st of March—I had had some repairs done to it—the leaden pipe and copper were missed from there on the Friday, the 1st of March—I had seen them safe a month previous to that—I have seen them since; they have been fitted to the place, and I believe them to be the same that had been fixed.





JOHN OSBORN MOSLEY
. I occupy the house in Mitre-street, where these things were taken from—I left them all safe on the evening of the 1st of March, at half-past eight o'clock—I received information of the robbery at a quarter past six o'clock the next morning—I lost a coat, waistcoat, a pair of candlesticks, and a pewter pot—this is the pot—it belongs to Mr. Gigner, who lives at the corner of Mitre-street, but he is not here.





JOHN COLLISON
 (police-sergeant L 12.) On the 1st of March I was on duty, about ten o'clock at night—I stopped the prisoner Harvey with this copper on his head—I asked him where he was going—he said, "Just round the corner"—he said, "We are moving," and then he said his aunt and he were moving—I asked him to show me where he was going to, and be showed me to the prisoner Holland's house—I told him to stop aside—I knocked at the door—Holland answered it—I said, "Are you moving?"—she said, "Yes"—I said, "Where are you moving from?"—she said, "From a street between London-street and York-street"—I said, "Have you got a

copper coming?"—she said, "Yes"—I said, "Is this the copper?—she said, "Yes"—I said, "Has it been fixed?"—she said, "No"—I said it had, and it had just been taken from some place—I took Harvey to the station-house with it, and then went back and took Holland—I found this lead and cock in an empty house adjoining to Holland's.

Harvey's Defence. I had come from the country, and only been in London a short time—I lodged in this woman's house—I was taking these things from the house we had lived in, in a street between London-street and York-street—there were two lads there—I do not know whether they belonged to them, or to this woman.
(Harvey received a good character.)

HARVEY—



GUILTY. Aged 18.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.






Confined Three Months.

HOLLAND†—


GUILTY
. Aged 42.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against Holland.)

ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, 8TH OF APRIL.
