





1560. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     FIGGINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of July
, 2 spoons, value 20s., the goods of Sir 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Naylor
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODS
               



            , ESQ. I am in the Herald's-office, under Sir


                  George 
                  Naylor
               



            . The prisoner was occasionally employed by one of his servant
s. On the 31st of July I went to the chambers, and was told by Mrs. Roberts, who has the charge of them, that she had missed two spoons, and suspected the prisoner; I told Sir George, who sent for the prisoner - she said she knew nothing of it; we sent for an officer, gave him another spoon, and told him to see if he could trace the other - on the Saturday he found them.


                  ROBERT 
                  CUFFLIN
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker. I took in this spoon from the prisoner, on the 28th of July - I lent 6s. on it; she said she brought it for somebody else - she was in the habit of coming to our house; I saw this crest on it.


                  JOHN 
                  ADNUM
               



            . I have a spoon, which was pawned at our house by a young man who was dismissed for taking it in.


                  HENRY 
                  KERRIDGE
               



            . I took the prisoner on the 31st of July, and found the duplicates on her; she said she took them, but meant to return them - she said where she had pawned them.



               GUILTY
             of stealing, but not being a servant. Aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
