



372. 




FRANCIS BESSICKS
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Samuel Alton, at 
All Saints, Poplar, about the hour of twelve, in the night of the 
2nd of December, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 1l. 9s. and 1 cap, value 1s; his goods.






SAMUEL ALTON
. I live at Mill-wall, in the parish of Poplar, and rent the whole house. On Sunday night, the 2nd of December, I went to bed about ten o'clock—my wife fastened the doors—I got up about half-past five o'clock in the morning, and missed my great-coat and a cap, which I had laid ready to go to work, and the bread and butter which was put out the night before, for me to take out for my breakfast—the coat hung over the rails of the stairs the night before—I examined, and found the back-door open—I was the first person up—they had broken in at the back-window, and opened the door—by pulling a nail out, they could open the window, and get through the casement—the prisoner used to live next door to me, and worked in the same factory.





MARY ALTON
. I am the prosecutor's wife. On Sunday night, the 2nd of December, I went to bed about ten o'clock—I saw the back-door and window fast—I laid my husband's coat on the banisters, and the bread and butter on the table ready for breakfast—we have one lodger, named Richard Midgley—he went to bed before we did, and came down a few minutes before my husband.





HENRY HOULTON
. I am a police-sergeant. The prosecutor's house is in the parish of All Saints. On the 6th of December the prisoner was brought to the Poplar station-house in custody—he had a cap on—I did not speak to him about it then, but at the office I did, and he said he met a man on Monday, the morning after the robbery, in Ratcliff-highway, dressed like a stoker—he had a very good cap on himself, and the man asked him if he would sell it—he said he had no objection, and he exchanged with him, the man giving him 3d.—I took off his shoes on Monday, the 10th, and made an impression by the side of one foot-mark, which was left in the prosecutor's garden, and found it corresponded—I then put the

shoe into the old mark, and it fitted—the shoe was without a tip, and the leather projected over the heel—there was a corresponding mark in the foot-mark in the garden—Mr. Alton examined it before I did.

Prisoner. There were tips on my shoes when I was apprehended, but I took them off myself. Witness. I cannot tell that, as I did not apprehend him.





THOMAS FORRESTER
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner—I cannot tell whether there were tips on his shoes when he was apprehended—I did not see him remove the tips.





SAMUEL ALTON

re-examined. I saw the foot-marks in my garden on the Monday morning—there was a mark where he had jumped over the wall, and we traced the foot-marks going to fetch a spade out of a neighbour's garden, and then back to the window—there was a peculiarity in the heel of the right foot, as if there had been a tip on the heel—that cerresponded with this shoe—there is no tip here, but there has been one—it was exactly the same size as this shoe—this is my cap—(looking at it)—I know it by the sewing—I wore it constantly.





RICHARD MIDGLEY
. I lodged in Mr. Alton a bouse. I went to bed, on the 2nd of December, about ten o'clock—I got up in the morning, about half-past five o'clock—I was the first person up—when Alton came down I perceived the back-door and window open—I had not been, in the passage myself.

Prisoner. I am innocent—I took the tip off my shoe after I was taken.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.—(See the next Case.)
