




1288. 




ROBERT BANTIN
 and 



JOHN SHIELDS



 were indicted, for that they, on the 
28th of April, 1 mould, upon which was impressed the figure and apparent resemblance of the obverse side of the King's current silver coin, called a Shilling, knowingly, and without lawful excuse, feloniously had in their custody and possession.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the impresssion of the reverse side of a Shilling.


HON. MR. SCARLETT
and
MR. ELLIS
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM FORD
. I am a policeman. On Tuesday night, the 28th of April, between twelve and one o'clock, I went to No. 16, Union-court, Orchard-street, Westminster—I saw a light in the parlour; and suspecting something was going on, I went through the passage of the next house, on to the wall, which is about four feet high; the window is about five feet from the ground—I stepped from that wall on to another wall, about a yard from the window—there was an old gown hung about half-way up the window—I could see from there what took place in the room—I could see over three-parts of the room—I saw Bantin with a plate, and a tin band in his hand, and a shilling on the plate—I heard Bantin say to a girl,

who was lying in bed, "What is this tied in such a d—d knot for?"—he took a knife from the mantel-piece, and cut a string off the tin band, and tied it afresh with another string—he placed the band on the plate, over the shilling; and I saw him take something white out of a cup, and pour it into the band, on the shilling—I communicated this to Banister, my inspector, at three o'clock in the morning—I went to the house again the same morning, at near ten o'clock, with Banister and Goose, a policeman—we went to the front-door in the court, which was bolted with one bolton the top—Banister and I forced the door—the bolt gave way, and it flew open—we went into the passage, and found the parlour-door fastened with a small bolt in the middle—the door broke asunder in the middle—the whole half of the door went in, and I could see what was in the parlour—I saw Bantin stooping, with the mould in his left-hand, and a tobacco-pipe in his righthand—he was pouring something from a tobacco-pipe into the mould—he was holding the mould in his hand, in a piece of rag—the whole door went in entirely in a moment, and he then looked round over his shoulder and saw me—he then dropped the tobacco-pipe—he then took the mould out of the rag, and broke it in pieces—he was going to rub it, but part of the metal came into his hand, which was hot, and he dropped it—I caught it, but could not hold it, and was obliged to let it fall—Banister forced him back on the bed—I kept the piece of the mould in my hand, and took this piece of spoon off the hob; it is the handle—I have part of a shilling which was in the mould; that is the hot metal which I spoke of—Bantin said, when Banister was keeping him back, "Ah, Ford, you may pick it up; that will of be no use to you"—he said, "Good luck to the little bolt, he has saved me this time"—I heard him say the same to Banister and Goose again.





SAMUEL BANISTER
. I went with Ford and Goose, to Union-court—the first thing I saw on entering the room was the prisoner, Bantin, in a stooping position, as described by Ford, with something in his left hand, which he appeared to be crushing—he put it from one hand to the other, and tried to crumble it—he dropped it on the floor; and while he was in the act of stamping on it, I knocked him backwards on the bed—at the time he had the mould in his left hand he put something in the fire with his right hand, and partially upset a pipkin, which was on a strong fire with white metal in it, in a state of fusion—I attempted to take the pipkin away, but it was so very hot, I could not succeed at that moment—I afterwards saw Goose take it into his possession—I likewise saw Ford pick up the piece of mould, and the piece of white metal, which I believe to be part of a counterfeit shilling—on searching the room further, I found a file on the mantle-piece, with white metal in the teeth of it, and an iron spoon on a shelf in the corner of the room—a short distance from the fire, I found a box of plaster of Paris—I saw Goose find a tin band, and a new white metal spoon—I secured Bantin, and Goose arrested Shields, who was in the room smoking a pipe, when we went in—there was a female in the bed in the corner of the room, in a complete state of nudity—she jumped up in her fright, and had not even a shift on—Bantin said, "You have been looking after me a long time, but it is no pull this time"—I also heard him say, "Good luck to the little bolt, it has saved me this time."





ROBERT GOOSE
. I am a policeman. I accompanied Banister and Ford—I found 4d. on Bantin—I took possession of a pipkin which was on the fire, with white metal in it, in a liquid state—on the hob was a new

metal spoon—on the mantle-shelf, a tin band with plaster of Paris round the inside of it—Bantin said, we had been after him a good while, but it was no pull this time.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to His Majesty's Mint, and have been so some time. Here are some pieces of what appear to be part of a plaster of Paris mould for casting shillings; they are broken—I have put them together on this card—two pieces have parts of the impression of the obverse side of a shilling—there is very clearly the D and G, and this piece of white metal which is said to have fallen from the mould has also that impression on it; and there is also in the part of the mould a portion of the beading—here is some plaster of Paris in a box; the mould is made of a similar material—it must be mixed with water in order to form that mould—it is generally enclosed in the tin band, and then hardened—the process described by Ford is the process usually adopted to form a mould—this piece of a counterfeit shilling is made of white metal of a similar description to the metal spoon—this metal fuses at a very low heat—a file is used to remove any surplus metal round the coin after it is cast; and this file has white metal in the teeth of it—the pieee of shilling is the same description of metal as was in the pipkin; and the broken spoon is the same metal—it is Britannia metal.

Bantin's Defence. As to Ford's seeing me at half-past one o'clock at night, I was never in the house until two o'clock that night—he said he broke the street-door open, and it was bolted at the top; and after he broke the parlour-door open, he saw me pouring metal out; is it likely I should stay there doing that, when I heard the street door opened.





WILLIAM FORD

re-examined. The street-door is very near the parlour-door—he told us he did not take any notice of the front door opening; as he thought it was some chaps larking.


BANTIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Life.

SHIELDS—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Justice Park.

