



1464. 




GEORGE BARRON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of lane, 2 pairs of shoes, value 14s.; the goods of 




Thomas Beckett; 1 handkerchief, value 6d., the goods of 



Roger Beckett; 1 seal, value 3d.; 1 locket, value 2d., 2 thimbles, value 6d.; and 1 watch key, value 6d.; the goods of 




Maris Inskip.






THOMAS BECKETT
. I am footman to Lord Dungannon, who lives in Graften-street, Bond-street. These two pairs of shoes are mine—they were in the servants' hall—I saw them safe on Friday night, the 3rd of June, a little before eleven o'clock—I missed them the next morning about 8 o'clock, as soon as I got up—they were in a cupboard which was not locked—Maria Inskip is the house maid—I have seen these other things in her possession.





JOHN REYNOLDS
. I am porter to Lord Dungannon. I sleep in the servant's hall—at 6 o'clock in the morning of the 4th of June the prisoner and a companion came to the house—the prisoner said he had orders to come them to sweep the servants' hall chimney—I said I had heard nothing about it—I said I thought it must be a mistake—he said, "No, I had orders last night, it is quite right"—I said, "If you know have not made any mistake, you may go down to it"—he went down—I followed, and found him with the sheet up, and the other pretended as though he had just come down the chimney, but I believe he had not been up—I then went to see for the housemaids, but could not find them—the shutters were open, as if the maids had been there—I went to my own business—I went down again, and found no one there—I then went, and found one of the maids—she said she did not know of the chimney being swept—I then saw the prisoner going up the stairs and said, he must go up the area—I then said, "I am doubtful about your coming here"—he said, "Yes, it is right, I came from Mrs. Anderson's—I then made more inquiries, and in about ten minutes the policeman brought him back, and asked if I had lost any thing—I told him to take him to the police-station, and they returned soon after with these shoes and other things.





EDWARD MURPHY
 (police-constable C 150.) I was on duty at half-past six o'clock, and met the prisoner in New Burlington-street, with a bag on his shoulder—he and his comrade were walking along—I asked the prisoner what he had got in his bag—he said soot, and he had been to No.3, Grafton-street—I felt the bag, and found it was not soot, but cinders and dust—I took him to the station-house, and there I found the shoes in the bag, and the two thimbles and other things on his person.

Prisoner. I was going along, a man told me to go to this house, as a chimney wanted sweeping—I met a boy, and asked him to go and do the chimney—he went and did it—I took the bag up, and found these things—I

thought they had been chucked under the grate as no good—I never saw the shoes—I did not know they were in the sack—there was some soot and cinders together in the sack.





EDWARD MURPHY
. There was no soot in it.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
