





1404. 
               
                  
                     VINCENT 
                     SIMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 26th of May
, 1 printed book, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Catherine 
                           Keith
                        




                     
                  , well knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  CATHERINE 
                  KEITH
               



            . I live in Drummond-crescent - I keep a small wareroom, and dispose of jewellery and other articles
. I lost a book of Shakespears, some wearing-apparel, stones, rings, and other articles - a boy named Whall lived with me; I suspected him, and accused him; he took me to the prisoner's shop, in Crescent-street, Euston-street - he sells goods of all description, from a cobbler's awl to a diamond ring; I went as a stranger - I saw the prisoner; I asked him for some fancy jewellery - every article he showed me I said was mine, and they had been stolen by a lad named Whall; he said another lady had been there a few days before, and claimed them - I did not find the book then; I did not go again till May - the officer then found the book; it was handed to me - I said I would swear to it; I waited outside while the officer found it.
Prisoner. Q. How long is it since you called on me? A. I believe the first time was in March; Whall came to the house, for he was afraid to come in; he thought you would beat him - I said I had been to other shops, and found some paltry things; I saw a number of articles, which were mine - I gave my address, as you said other persons might come for them; I said the boy's friends were respectable, and if they would pay me I would pay you; I took away all I could recognize - I turned the boy away the same day; about a month after I dined with a lady; he found, from the servant, that I was out; he followed me, and said he would make an open confession - I did not take him into my service again; I know the book by the print being very small - I had it bound by Mr. Cross, and there are a few scorched leaves in it; my mother is very near-sighted, and was reading near the fire.


                  JOHN 
                  WHALL
               



            . I was twelve years old on Sunday. I was errand-boy to this lady; I robbed her of jewellery and books - I sold them to the prisoner; I took him some bracelets - he paid me for them: I took him these two books, and he gave me 6d. for them; he did not know where I lived - he did not ask me, but his boy did, and I said at Battle-bridge; this is one of the books I took him - I went to him three or four times; he always paid me, and made no inquiries.
Prisoner. Q. How long is it since you were at my shop? A. I cannot tell; it is two or three months, I believe - you bought these books of me for 6d.


                  WILLIAM 
                  AGGS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 26th of May I went with the prosecutrix to the prisoner's shop, and in a box outside the door, I found this book, marked 1s.; the prosecutrix said it was hers - I said to the prisoner,"I shall take this book as part of Mrs. Keith's property;" he said, "Oh, my God, how can you say it is yours? I bought it of a woman four days ago, and I can prove it;" I said, "Well, you must bring your proof before the Magistrate to-morrow morning, at eleven o'clock;" he said he could easily do that - I took the book, but as he seemed so positive I did not take him then; I found no other property of the prosecutrix's.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not do every thing in my power to show you every part of my premises? A. You opened the door, and said you had no property that you knew of.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was an officer in his late Majesty's service, but having been unfortunate, I was forced to go into business to support a large family; I never purchased an article knowing it to be stolen - as soon as I found it was dangerous to buy goods of this description I never let boys come into my place, and for the last three months a boy has never been into my place; if a prosecution of this nature was to be allowed we should never be safe - it is one of the most cruel that can be instituted: here is a boy steals a book from his mistress and brings it to me - I give to the utmost value of it, then he goes and says, "I took it to such a shop, and they boughtit," and the prosecutor will excuse the thief to bring the receiver into disgrace, and perhaps deprive him of liberty; if it shall please you to acquit me, as I find the danger of following this business, I shall lay it aside - what I have experienced here is the as plus ultra of misery in body and mind; I happened to purchase this - you see what it has brought me to, through the ipse dixit of this boy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 52. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
