



907. 




JOHN JUPP
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
9th of february, 1 sack, value 2s.; and 4 bushels of barley, value 15s.; the goods of 



Richard Knight Summers.






ROBERT PACKER
. I am a watchman. On the 9th of February, I was employed to watch Mr. Summers' lug-boat that was alongside a barge at a wharf—about ten minutes before one o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner, who is a lighterman, standing on his own craft, which was along side the the lug-boat—he looked all round him about a couple of minutes, and then got out of his own craft into Mr. Summers' lug-boat—I saw him turn the tarpauling over which covered the sacks—he turned aside a bundle of empty sacks, and then turned a sack of barley out of the lug-boat into his own craft—I asked him what he was doing there—he said, "Nothing"—I told him he was; that he had taken a sack of corn out of the lug-boat and put it into his own—he said he had not—I said he had, and he should not go away till he put it back again—I got into the craft, took hold of him, and held him till he was in custody—he said if I would let him go, be would see me another day, and make me amends—I said I would not do any thing of the kind; that he had come to the wrong place—the corn was found in his boat.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was it not very dark? A. There was a very good light on my premises—it was not a dark night see very plainly—I could she very plainly—I could not see his face till I got hold of him—I have never said I could not speak to his face, because I did not see it—I was examined before the Magistrate, and my deposition was taken down in

writing—I signed it, and it was read over to me (read)—"I cannot speak to his face, it was too dark"—I never mentioned that, to the best of my knowledge—I will not venture to swear I did not—I might have said it—I have a good light on my premises—there was no other man.





ALEXANDER HUGHES
. I am a Thames police-officer. I heard an alarm, and we pulled to the brig—I found Packer and the prisoner—he gave the prisoner into my charge, and said he had stolen a sack of corn—I did not go into the brig myself.





JOSHUA JUDGE
. I am a Thames police-surveyor About one o'clock on the Thursday morning, I was on duty near Brown's wharf—I went and directed Hughes to run over the craft—he went, and I took the prisoner from him—the prisoner said he had brought the brig there to wait till Hood, and then to take her away—one of my men found this sack of corn.





JOHN BARTHOLOMEW BARTLETT
. I went to look into the barge, and found there the sack of barley—I showed it to the prosecutor—the prisoner works for Mr. Summers—I have known him five years.





RICHARD KNIGHT SUMMERS
. This lug-boat was mine—she had only four tacks of barley, a quantity of empty sacks, and a tarpauling in her—this sack is mine, but the barley which is in it is not; it was in my care—I looked into my boat, and three sacks were left.
(Robert Humphreys, lighterman, at Horsleydown; Oliver Frith, a deputy corn-meter; John Willis, acorn-dealer, Commercial-road; William Berkshire, coal and potato-dealer, of George-street, Blackfriars-road; and William Penn, fruit-salesman, of the Borough-market; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 21.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.






Transported for Seven Years.

