



1447. 




JOSEPH KERRISON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of March, 336lbs. weight of lead, value 2l. 5s., the goods of 



Robert Leverington; and fixed to a certain building; against the Statute, &c.






CHARLOTTE CLEVELEY
. I live in Charles-square. On the 10th of March the prisoner came, and said he came from Mr. Leverington, the landlord, to repair the roof—he was quite a stranger—he inquired wat part wanted most repairing—I said I would inquire—he went away, and came again in about an hour—he asked me to close the shutters of the first floor back window, as he was afraid of breaking it—he went on the roof—I saw some lead, brought down from the top of the house, in a barrow—it was wheeled away—there was another man stood by the barrow—I cannot say whether he went on the roof—I inquired of the prisoner, while he was on the roof, what he was doing—he said he was taking the old lead away by Mr. Leverington's orders, and going to put new on—I never saw him again till he was at the police-office—I am sure he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What time did he come? A. About nine o'clock in the morning.





ROBERT LEVERINGTON
. This house is mine—on the evening of the 10th of March I was informed of this—I went there, and saw that the rain came in—I went on the roof next day, and half the lead had been takes away—I should think 336lbs. were gone—I do not know the prisoner—I did not employ him, or any one, to go and strip the house.

Cross-examined. Q. Was any person ordered to repair any other house of yours? A. Yes, but not this house—I am the householder.





JAMES MILLER
 (police-constable N 164.) I apprehended the prisoner in Elizabeth-street, Hackney-road—I did not know any thing of this case at that time.
(James Miller, of George-gardens, Bethnal-green; James Ballinger, silk-weaver, Elizabeth-street, Hackney-road; and Mills, Hare-street, Spitalfields, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
