






205. 




THOMAS TURNER FOTHERGILL,



 WALTER WELLS,



 WILLIAM HORSEMAN
, and 




GEORGE CUBITT
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
13th of November, 1 till, 1s. 6d.; 1 half-crown; 3 shillings; 6 sixpence; 36 pence; and 72 half-pence; the goods and monies of 



Margaret Fryer.






MARGARET FRYER
. I keep a grocer's shop in Queen-street, Lime house. On Monday evening, the 20th of November, I went out of my shop for about ten minutes—I put a sixpence, into the till, locked it up, and left the key in it—there shillings, six sixpences, thirty-six pence, and seventy-two half-pence in it, and when I came in again the till was gone—this is it.





SAMUEL PERKINS
 (police-constable K 117.) I received information, and went to the house of the prisoner Wells's father—I saw his father and mother—I asked for the boy—he was present—I asked his father to let him go with me about the till, that I had heard his boy had said he knew

who had stolen it—I asked the boy if he knew who it was—he said, he knew two of them by name—he took me to a place, and said the boys had thrown it over the wall there—I looked through the gate, and saw this till lying in a yard—I got over, and picked up the till with the key in it—I went after Fothergill—he was pointed out to me in the street—as soon as he saw me he began to cry—I charged him with it—he said somebody had drawn him into it—I went after Cubitt, but did not find him—my brother officer took the other two boys.





HENRY WATSON
 (police-constable N 84) I went to Wells—he said he had been led into it by some body, and described how it was done—I went after, Cubitt, and Horseman—I found on Cubitt two shillings, two sixpencer, and six half-pence, a knife, and purse—he stated that he knew nothing at all about it—I asked him where he got the money—he said he orked for it—I asked who he worked for—he made no answer—It was through the information of Wells that the other boys were taken.





THOMAS DALLY
 (police-serjeant K 23.) The prisoner were brought to the station-house—I said to Cubitt, in the presence of the other prisoners, "I understand you have the best part of this money"—he said he gave 7d., to Wells, 9d. to Horseman, and 10 1/2 d. to Tom Carroll, which is the name that Fothergill goes by, and kept 8s. himself.

Cubitt. Fothergill had a shilling.

Fothergill. I had only 10 1/2d., and you kept 9s. for yourself.





WILLIAM CUBITT
. I am the father of the prisoner, He bore a good character.
----HORSEMAN. I am mother of the prisoner, He has been a good boy till he got linked in with Cubitt.
----WELLS. I am mother to Wells. He bore a good charater till he got enlinked with these boys—he was out all the Monday—he came home with a few halfpence in his hand—we questioned him about it, and he said if I would not let his father beat him he would tell—he told all this, and we gave information.
----CARROLL. I am mother of Other. He has been a good boy till he got to Cubit.

CUBITT—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—


Transported for Seven Years


FOTHERGILL—


GUILTY
. Aged 12.—



Confined three Months


WELLS—


GUILTY
. Aged 9.—



Confined One Week, and 



Whipped.


HORSEMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 12.—



Confined Two Days.
