








NEW COURT. TUESDAY, APRIL 16TH.
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
852. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MAILEY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     EMANUEL 
                     CARVEY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BARNES
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     SIMEON 
                     NASH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of March
, 1 coat, value 10s.; 1 umbrella, value 5s.; 1 hat, value 2s.; 1 book, value 1s.; 2 window blinds, value 1s. and 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Abraham 
                           Skinner
                        



                     
                  ; 1 shift, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Skinner
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 pair of stockings, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Skinner
                  



               
            ; and that the said John Mailey had been before convicted of felony.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COLLISS
               



            . I live at No. 100, Great Saffron-hill. On the 6th of March I was returning home with my sister, between one and two o'clock in the morning; in Cowcross-street


 I saw the door of Mr. Skinner's house partly open- I called the Policeman and I saw Barnes, Mailey, and Carvey, whom I knew well, come out of the house - Mailey was carrying something white, which appeared like a bundle of clothes, and Barnes had an umbrella; they all turned down Sharpe's-alley - I did not like to pursue them, it being a dark place; that alley is one door from the prosecutor's - I did not see Nash at that time, but when the others were gone down the alley, and the door was open, I saw him by the sacks of flour; he appeared in a fit the Policeman brought the clothes.
Barnes. Q. What is the reason you did not take us when we came out of the house? A. I was afraid of taking three men - I knew you perfectly well, and where your haunt was.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



             (Police-constable G 33). I lodge at No. 23, Helen-place, Clerkenwell. About one o'clock that morning I met Mailey, Carvey, and Barnes, on Saffron-hill - they spoke to me; I then went up West-street, and through Sharpe's-alley - I then met them again, running down Sharpe's-alley, and Mailey had a great coat; Barnes had a hat and an umbrella - one of them dropped a book- they cried out, "There is Smith, spill it," and they all ran off; I told them I knew them - I had not seen Colliss then, but I came up Sharpe's-alley, and found him at the prosecutor's shop; he told me what he had seen, and I said I knew them all - I saw Nash at the house, as it appeared, in a fit; in about half an hour I took Mailey at his house, in West-street - his coat had some flour on it; I said,"You have been with the baker's;" he said he had been in all night; "Yes, (said his landlady) about twenty minutes;" it appeared that if Nash had let them in they would have taken more than they did - there was a watch and other things there.
ALEXANDER WOOLCOCK (Police-constable G 149.) I lodge in Greenhill's-rents, Cowcross. I came up to the house, and found Nash against the door; I raised him up several times, and he fell again - he seemed quite stupid.

ABRAHAM SKINNER. I am a baker
, and live at No. 60, Cowcross-street; Nash is my servant
 - he begins to attend the bakehouse at eleven o'clock at night; he lodged in the house - he was sitting up that night for the foreman, who did not lodge in the house, and who should have come at eleven o'clock, but did not come till after the robbery; I went to bed about eleven, and was aroused at half-past one; I found Nash in the shop, by the side of a sack of flour, as it appeared in a fit; I have since heard he is subject to fits - this great coat, umbrella, and book are mine; this shift is my sister's - these stockings are my brother's: I believe that Nash heard a knock at the door, and opened it, thinking it was the foreman, and when these prisoners came in he was frightened, and fell down; I never had the least mistrust of him.
ROBERT SKINNER. I lodge in the house. I returned home at twelve o'clock that night; Nash let me in - I bolted the door, and went to bed; at half-past one I was called up by Lee - I came down, and saw Nash apparently intoxicated, but I thought it could not be, as he appeared sober when I came in; I have always found him strictly honest.
FRANCIS FELTHAM. I was in the City Police, but have left it. I was present at the trial of Mailey in September last- I have a certificate of his conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's; (read) I know he is the man.
Barnes put in a written Defence, stating that he had met Carvey at a coffee-shop in Farringdon-street, and on coming out with him was apprehended, but had not been in his company at all.
MAILEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
CARVEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
BARNES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
NASH - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
