





108. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     JENKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November
, I hamper, value 4d.; 3 yards of cambric muslin, value 3s.; 20 yards of linen, value 30s.; 1 shirt, value 3s.; 1 petticoat, value 6d.; 1 pocket, value 6d.; 1 hair-brush, value 2s.; 1 nail-brush, value 1s.; 1 tooth-brush, value 1d.; 1 comb, value 6d.; 48 apples, value 2s.; 1 ham, value 5s.; 2 jars, value 6d.; 2 bottles, value 6d., and 1 wrapper, value 9d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Ward
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM WARD. I am a carrier to Stamford-hill and Stoke Newington


. On the 24th of November I had a hamper, which I saw safe in my cart at the Basing-house; it was chained and tied with a rope - it belonged to Mr. Harris, of Tottenham High-cross, I was going home about twenty minutes past six o'clock in the evening, and gave my man charge to keep his hand on the hamper; I was told it was gone - I pulled up the horse, jumped down, and followed the person who had it; he had got above one hundred yards from the cart - it turned out to be the prisoner; he had the hamper on his shoulder - I came up to him, and said, "I have got you;" he threw it down upon my lap, and jumped over a six-feet fence, crossed a garden, and jumped over another fence; I jumped after him, he got into the road - I followed him close, and took him; there was no other person running.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. It was rather dark, I suppose? A. Yes; it could not have fallen with the shaking - it was fastened with a cord and a chain; I did just lose sight of the prisoner while he turned, but I followed him close - it is a place of great thoroughfare; it is the high road which leads to the North of England; the hamper was in my care.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARKS
               



            . I am servant to Ward. He told me to take care of the parcel; it was safe at Stoke Newington - there was a hole in the cart, and I put my hand through on this hamper: it was a cold night - I drew my hand in to rub it, and the hamper was gone in a moment; I saw the prisoner running across the road with it - I gave an alarm: my master followed him - I followed, and my master told me to take up the hamper.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CAUCH
               



            . I am a shoemaker. I was sitting at work, and heard Stop thief! called; I went to the door and saw the prisoner running - I ran and stopped him; I did not leave him till he got to the watch-house.


                  JESSE 
                  PAKES
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was on duty, and took the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning home, and went down a street, when I heard Stop thief! this gentleman caught me by the collar as I was turning the corner rather sharp.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
