



344. 




JAMES WELLS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of November, 1 live tame pheasant, value 3l.; the property of 



Sarah Jane Atkins.






WILLIAM AVERN
. I am servant to Mr. Rosier, a poulterer, in Leadenhall-market. On Monday morning, the 1st of December, the prisoner came and asked if I would buy a live pheasant—I said I would—he went away, and brought another man with him with a pheasant in his possession, and having received information that Mr. Alderman Atkins had lost a bird of that description, I went to the Alderman—Mr. Lane came down from there and asked the two men where they came from—they both said, "From East Grinstead"—Mr. Lane turned round to look at the bird, and the prisoner ran off directly—the other ran immediately after him—he was overtaken and brought back, but the prisoner escaped—I am quite positive of his person—I asked them how they came by it—they said they caught it in a wire—Mr. Alderman Atkins and Miss Atkins afterwards saw the same pheasant.





JAMES LANE
. I am clerk to Mr. Alderman Atkins. In consequence of hearing of the loss, I attended at the poulterer's on Monday, the 1st of December—I saw the two men with the pheasant—I asked the other man

whether he knew Mr. Alderman Atkins—he said, "No"—I said, "Do you know Halstead, in Kent?"—he said, "No," and they had come from East Grinstead—I happened to turn round to look at the pheasant—it began to flutter, and both the men ran away—one was secured in King William-street—the prisoner made his escape—I have not a doubt of his being the man.

Prisoner. That gentleman said I was not the man. Witness. When he was brought to the counting-house afterwards, I looked at him, and his face was not so red as when I saw him at the poulterer's shop, but I have not a doubt, from my recollection since, that he is the man—it was the other man who answered my question—the prisoner was present.





JOHN ATKINS, ESQ., AND ALDERMAN
. I reside at Halstead, in Kent, which is twenty-four or twenty-five miles from East Grinstead. On the evening of the 29th of November, or early on Sunday morning, the 30th, my aviary on the lawn was broken open, and the lock taken off it—this pheasant was taken away—I made it public all over London to detect the delinquent, and every information was given on Monday morning in every poulterer's shop in London—I lost a Chinese silver pheasant, which was produced at the last trial in Court—it belonged to my daughter, and used to feed out of her hand.—See 2nd Session, page 317.





JAMES LANE

re-examined. I saw that pheasant produced in Court, and swear, to the best of my belief, it belongs to Alderman Atkins—I have not a doubt of it.





MISS SARAH ELIZABETH ATKINS
. I am niece to Mr. Alderman Atkins. The pheasant belongs to my cousin, Sarah Jane Atkins—I saw it safe on Saturday, the 29th, in the afternoon—I was residing at my uncle's, and know the aviary was broken open that night—I was present at the last trial, and saw the pheasant produced—it was a silver Chinese pheasant.





JOHN LONGHURST
. I am a constable of Sundridge, near Seven Oaks, Kent. The prisoner formerly lived at Sundridge poor-house, four miles from Halstead—I know nothing of his living at East Grinstead—I apprehended him by the Golden Cross, Sundridge—I went to his father's house about seven o'clock in the evening—they refused to let me in, I cannot say whether they were in bed, but there was a light up stairs—this was on the 14th December—I went to his father's door—his father opened the window, and asked me my business—I said I had a warrant against a person named Kingswood—he said he was not in the house, and he should not let me in—I waited there till half-past eleven o'clock, and then they opened the door—I went and foind the prisoner sitting by the fire-side—I said I had a warrant against him, and read it to him—that it was for stealing a pheasant from Mr. Alderman Atkins—he said "Then, d—n your eyes, I know what you come for."

Prisoner. I never said so—I ant not the man.




GUILTY
.* Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
