



232. 




EDWARD JOHNSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of December, 1 till, value 1s.; 14 shillings, 1 sixpence, 12 pence, and 24 half-pence; the goods and monies of 




Joseph Chantler.






GEORGE LESTER
. I am servant to Joseph Chantler, of Princes-street, Portman-market, a corn-chandler. On Tuesday evening, the 1st of Deember, about seven o'clock, I was returning to my master's house, and saw Muriel standing at the door—she told me something and I ran after a person whom I saw running down the street—I am not certain the prisoners the person—I did not see his face—a woman came and brought this till—there was 10s. 6d. in the till—It is my master's house, and about ten minutes after I saw the boy running, and from the same direction—the woman is not here.





MARY ANN MURRELL
. I live at No. 10, in the street) opposite Mr. Chanters's shop. I saw the prisoner and another boy loitering about—I afterwards saw the least boy(who is the other boy) come out with some peas in his cap—as I was walking up and down, they both kept throwing them at me—I just turned to see what o'clock it was, and then I saw the prisoner come running from the counter with the till in his hand—I had known him before, when we kept a shop in Devonshire-street.

Prisoner. It is a spite she has against me—she called me "sore eyes" one day, and I threatened I would slap her head.





EDWARD COLLINS
. I live in Princes-street—I was looking out of the first floor room window that evening, and saw the prisoner and another boy—I saw the prisoner crawl on his hands and knees round the sacks of floor—he went up to the counter, and then came back with the till, crawling on his hands and knees—he then rose up, and ran out of the shop.

Prisoner. He could not see me from where he lives. Witness. Yes; I am quite sure I saw him—he was in the shop ten minutes—my sister would not let me come out before—he kept behind the sacks of flour for five minutes.





THOMAS WILLIAMS
 (police-constable 156 d.) I took the prisoner in charge—he said he was satisfied, and would go with me.
(James Olley gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.† Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years.
