



300. 




HANNAH HERBERT, alias
 Ann Herbert

, was indicted

 for feloniously forging, on the 
3rd of December, at 
St. Marylebone, a certain acceptance on a bill of exchange, for the payment of 230l., with intent to defraud 



John Isaac Drury. 2nd COUNT, for uttering the same.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN ISAAC DRURY
. I live at No. 32, James-street, Manchester-square, and am a harness-maker—I have known the prisoner about five years—she called on me last Sunday fortnight, about seven o'clock in the evening, and asked me if I would get her a bill of exchange discounted, bearing the acceptance of Lady Wood, of No. 4, Bedford-square—I said I could, if the acceptance would bear investigation—I asked her if she had got the acceptance—she said not, but she had just left Lady Wood, and was to return to her about nine o'clock—she told me previous to that, that her ladyship had promised her her acceptance for 230l.—I asked her how her ladyship came to promise her acceptance for so large an amount—she stated

that the had laid before her ladyship all her papers and documents relative to her business in the country, that her ladyship pitied her case very much, and said she was sorry she had not got so much cash by her, but if her acceptance was of any use she should have it for two months—I asked her if she had a stamp—she said she had not, but that Lady Wood had given her 5s. to purchase it—that would be the correct stamp—she asked me what my friend would charge for discounting the bill—I told her, 5 per cent, or 1s. in the pound, making 11l. 10s.—she then went away—she came next morning about nine o'clock and brought this bill—I went to a banking-house, and on the same Monday I went to Lady Wood myself—I had not cashed the bill—in consequence of what passed between Lady Wood and myself I directly returned to my own house, accompanied by Mr. Overton—it was about one o'clock when I got back—the prisoner was there, and I asked her where she got the bill—she stated from Lady Wood—I said, "Well, that must be wrong, for Mr. Overton has been down to Hoare's bank, and they have detained the bill"—she said she certainly obtained the bill from Lady Wood, and that it was a genuine bill—I told her Hoare's had declared they did not believe the acceptance to be Lady Wood's hand-writing—she said it was the hand-writing of Lady Wood—I said it was useless to utter falsehoods, for I had been to Lady Wood myself, and she had declared that she never accepted a bill in her life, and that she had not seen the prisoner for three or four months—she said, "Well, if Lady Wood will deny her hand-writing I suppose I must bear the brunt of it"—(I had not told her it would be better for her to confess, or worse if she did not, nor had Mr. Overton)—Mr. Overton went away a short time—the prisoner went into an adjoining room, which is a bed-room, and I afterwards found she had swallowed laudanum—I sent for a doctor, and she recovered—I told her she had done a very wrong deed, and observed to her at the same time that she had put me and Mr. Overton in a very awkward predicament—she said she could not help it—that it was all brought on by a man named Pankridge—she wanted me to write to him in the country, but I did not.

Prisoner. The witness is quite aware how I came into my trouble, and instead of trying to assist me he tried to oppose me, though I have assisted him. Witness. I do not know how she came into trouble.

Prisoner. I must leave it to the mercy of my Lord and the Jury—if it had not been for Mr. Drury and some others I should not have been here to-day—he is quite aware in his own conscience that I have not been unjust to any one.





ANDREW WYNESS
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody at Mr. Drury's house, on Monday, the 3rd of December—she said she had done wrong, and was sorry for it—Mr. Drory's mother-in-law, who stood by her, had said previous to that, "Never mind, you are not the first that committed forgery"—the prisoner at the time was under the effect of poison, and was very much agitated and distressed—after the arrival of the doctor, and extracting the poison, she used nearly the same expression—she afterwards said she had done it with the intention of paying the creditors; that after a period of twenty years her friend in the country had brought her to it.

COURT. Q. You have not stated that in your depositions, or about the female saying, "You are not the first that committed forgery?" A. I told the magistrate that—I am not positive whether I told him the other—I am sure she said all I have stated.






LADY SARAH WOOD
. I live at No. 4, Bedford-square. I have known the prisoner about twelve years—she had lived in the family of a friend of mine in Oxfordshire—the acceptance to this bill is not my hand-writing—(looking at it)—I never authorised the prisoner, or any body, to accept the bill in my name.





JOHN PALMER
. I am cashier at Messrs. Hoare's bank. Lady Wood banks at our house—there is no Lady Mary Wood banking with us.





WILLIAM THOMAS
. I wrote to Burford by the prisoner's desire, and had an answer the day before yesterday.
(The bill being read, purported to be accepted by Mary Wood.)

Prisoner's Defence. I must beg for mercy—I did not do it with any wrong intent.
(Frances Britton, wife of an undertaker, No. 2, Streatham-street, Bloomsbury; Sophia Hill, No. 9, Bouverie-street, Paddington; and William Whiting, a waiter, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
 of Uttering. Aged 34.—(Recommended to mercy by the Jury, believing her to be the tool of others.)—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Baron Parke.
