





724. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  HALEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Thompson
                     




                  , from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .

WILLIAM THOMPSON. I live in Rood-lane. On the 9th of March, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I was walking along Chiswell-street


 - I received information and missed my handkerchief, which I had had a few minutes before - I took the prisoner, and gave him in charge - it was a red silk handkerchief.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Has it been found? A. No - I did not see any body run - a gentleman was with me, but he is not here - I was near Finsbury-square at the time - I took the prisoner close to me.


                  EDWARD 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am clerk at a Manchester warehouse, in Wood-street, Cheapside - I was in Chiswell-street, and saw the prisoner and another following the prosecutor and his friend - I thought the prisoner was making too familiar with the prosecutor's coat - I saw him lift the tail of it up, and then take out the handkerchief - it was a red one, but I was not near enough to observe whether it was silk or cotton - I gave notice to the prosecutor - he turned and took hold of the prisoner, who was not half a yard from him - when the prisoner took the handkerchief out, he passed it behind him towards his companion, who was on the left side of him.
Cross-examined. Q. How near were you to the prisoner? A. About twenty yards - I was on the other side of the way - it wanted about twenty minutes to eleven o'clock - I crossed over and told the prosecutor - I did not see what became of the other man - I did not see any one run away - I said I supposed the prisoner might have put it into his pocket - I saw him take the handkerchief - if I had looked after the other man, as well as the prisoner, I might not have taken one of them - the street was full of people.


                  ROBERT 
                  STEWART
               



             (City police-constable, No. 54). I was called, and the prisoner was given into my custody - I found nothing on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to my aunt's to dinner - the witness came across the road, touched the prosecutor and said, "This man has taken your handkerchief out of your pocket" - I said, "You are mistaken;" but the prosecutor said, "I certainly must give more credence to this gentleman than to you" - I was taken - nothing was found on me.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  HART
               



            . I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at 
               Mr. Clark
            's office - I know him to be the man.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
