



1160. 




JOSEPH FULLER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
4th of March, 180 pairs of slippers, value 9l., the goods of 



Simeon Lyons.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






SIMEON LYONS
. I live in Buckle-street, Whitechapel. On Monday, the 4th of March, the prisoner came to me—I did not know him before—he said, "I have got an order for fifteen dozen pairs of slippers to sell"—I asked him the price—he said, "15s. 6d."—I agreed to give him the 6d. a dozen for his trouble in selling them—I said I would not trust my property to anybody—he said, "Well, you shall go with me to the warehouse"—I packed up the goods, and went with him to Mr. De Pass, in Cateaton-street—a porter carried the things—when we got there the prisoner told me to stay at the door, that I should not spoil his custom—the porter took the goods in, and the prisoner went in with him—he said as he went in, Mr. De Pass would know they were not his goods if I went in—the porter came out directly he had left the goods—the prisoner came out in about a quarter of an hour, and I asked him for my money—he said, "The gentleman has not paid me yet, lie has ordered four dozen ladies' slippers more, and will give a cheque for the whole amount"—I walked with him towards my house—when we got about half a mile he wanted to borrow a shilling—I did not lend it to him—at last he jumped right over the way into a street I do not know the name of, and ran away—I ran, and halloed after him, but could not catch him—I saw him again on the Saturday morning by White-chapel church—I said, "Halloo, where is my money, Fuller"—he began to abuse me, and said, "You say I robbed you of your goods, I did not; did not I give you 5s. deposit?"—I said, "No, you did not," and seized

hold of him to give him in charge, but could not find a policeman, and he got away—I thought I had a chance of being killed—I went all day to look for him, but could not find him, and in the evening I received a summons to appear before the Lord Mayor, and the prisoner charged me with assaulting him in the street—I explained it to the Lord Mayor, and the prisoner was put into custody—the slippers came to 11l. 5s.—by some means sixteen dozen had got into the bundle.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was not the 6d. a dozen by way of commission? A. No—I do not know what commission is exactly—I am a foreigner—there was no agreement between us—I went with him—he sent me a letter on Saturday night—I went to the place named in it, and did not find him—he was to sell the slippers to Mr. De Pass, at 15s. 6d. a dozen, and bring me the money—when I met him in White-chapel he made up to me with his fist to fight me—that was after I had charged him with the robbery.

MR. PAYNE. Q. The letter you got did not come from him? A. It was not signed—I am a Polander—I did not trust him with the goods at all—I told him I could not think of trusting him—I went with him to the door to get the money.





DAVID DE PASS
. I live in Cateaton-street. The prisoner came to my on the 29th of March, about ten o'clock in the morning, to know if we could buy a job lot of slippers, about 14s. a dozen—we told him he might bring them, but we had not seen a sample of them—he called again about an hour after with sixteen dozen, and said, "Here are the slippers"—he said there was only fifteen dozen—we gave him 12s. a dozen for the men's, and less for the others, 9l. 4s. altogether, and gave him a cheque for the amount—he said he had them on commission from a person who wanted money—we did not give him an order for four dozen more.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Recorder.

