




1265. 




CHARLES HALL
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Mitchell and another, on the 
2nd of May, at 
St. Giles in the Fields, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 watch, value 10s., their goods.






JAMES HALL
. I am in the service of Mr. George Mitchell and Mr. John Julph, executors for the late Mr. Samuel Julph—they carry on the business for the benefit of the children in Broad-street, in the parish of St. Giles in the Fields—the executors hold a lease of the house, and I occupy it as their servant. On Tuesday evening, the 2nd of May, I heard a blow at the glass—I immediately ran out, but before I got out, I heard a second blow, and the glass falling—when I got out, the prisoner was in the act of withdrawing his hand with a gold watch in it—I seized him by the arm, and with some little difficulty got him into the shop—he would not give the watch up to me—I took his side-arms from him, and threw them behind the counter—when the constable came, he took the watch from his hand—he was a perfect stranger—he was dressed as one of the third regiment of Scotch Fusileer Guards, in full uniform, and had his bayonet on—he appeared perfectly sober—I went to the station-house—we could not get him to say much for himself, but ultimately he turned round, and said, "I know I stole your watch, "and also before the Magistrate he said, "I am guilty, I stole the watch"—this is it.





THOMAS GORDON
. I am a policeman. I was sent for to the shop, and found the prisoner there, and found the watch in his hand.

Prisoner. I picked the watch up in the street.





JOSEPH LAURIE
. I am a colour-sergeant in the Scotch Fusileers, and am pay-sergeant to the regiment the prisoner is in—he has been eleven months in the regiment, and I have known him seven months—his character has been that of an honest, sober man at all times—I hear he has been a man who has been in good circumstances—he almost ruined his father in money matters, which has preyed on his mind and rendered him totally unfit to perform his duty as a soldier—he has only been twice outside the barracks (though never confined for punishment)—the first time be attempted to drown himself, and the second, this has happened—before going out this very morning he asked the easiest way to get transported—At men told him to break a pane of glass—I only heard this, and cannot speak to it.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
