





1025. 
               
                  MATTHEW 
                  CANTLIN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of April
, 6 shillings
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Studman
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  STUDMAN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Studman
               



            , a gardener
, who lives at Tottenham


; I keep a fruit-shop
. Between twelve and one o'clock, on the 30th of April, I was just gone into my back parlour, and heard a noise of my till, which is behind the counter - I saw, by the reflection of a glass door, the prisoner's hand shutting the till - I went to him, and accused him of opening the till; he denied it, and asked for a halfpenny orange - I drew out the till, and missed the money; he ran away, I pursued - he turned a corner, and I saw him throw something away - Mr. Griffiths brought him back; I missed 6s. from my till.
JAMES GRIFFITHS. I am a neighbour of Studman's I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner running - I apprehended him, and found 3 1/2d. on him, but no silver.
JOSEPH WEBB. I went to a place near the prosecutor's shop, which I had seen the prisoner run past - I did not myself see him throw any thing away; but I found 6s. there.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going with a boy to Tottenham to help him carry a parcel, as I was out of work - I went to the prosecutor's shop, and saw a man coming out - I asked him for a halfpenny orange, thinking he belonged to the shop; this witness then came out, and said I robbed the till - I denied it; she made a dart at me - I ran up the town, and this gentleman took me; she said she had lost 4s. 6d., that she had had 5s. 6d., and there were two sixpences left - the gentleman then said he had found 6s.; she then said she had had 7s., and she thought this was hers



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
