






930. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SAUNDERS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of March
, 1 thermometer, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary Ann 
                     West
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  COWING
               



            . I am a tailor, and live in Margaret-street, Cavendish-square


. On the 31st of March I was in my front room, and saw Wilson, the prisoner, go into No. 12, Margaret-street; the door was open - after some time he came out with this thermometer under his arm - he went down Market-street, and was joined by Saunders; they went on towards the Seven-dials, and in crossing Oxford-street Wilson gave it to Saunders, who put it under his arm - they went on, occasionally looking back, to see if any body was watching them; I saw a Police-officer just after they had got through a crowd - I told him to take Saunders, who still had the thermometer, and I took Wilson.
Saunders. Q. Did I look back? A. Yes, once or twice, and so did Wilson; and you stopped at a corner while I went into a baker's shop to inquire for a Policeman; I kept my back towards you, and got the lady of the house to observe you.


                  THOMAS 
                  MADDEN
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was on duty near the Seven-dials, and took Saunders, with this property under his arm.


                  MARY 
                  HOWE
               



            . I live with Mrs. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann West
               



            , at No. 12, Margaret-street, Cavendish-square; she is a widow
. I have known this instrument fifteen years; it is both a barometer and thermometer.
Wilson's Defence. I was in Margaret-street; a respectable man tapped me on the shoulder - he asked if I would take a parcel for him to Long-acre; he took me close to the house, told me to go in, and I should find the article by a hair-broom - I went in and took it; as I was going towards Oxford-street he told me to go down Blenheim-steps and Marlborough-street; I was going there, and met Saunders - I asked him to carry it for me- I kept looking back to see if the gentleman was coming.
MR. COWING. I saw Wilson go into the house; he looked up stairs and then down - he then attempted a door at the end of the hall, and at last came out with this - the servant said he must have gone up two pairs of stairs to get it.
Saunder's Defence. I was coming down Oxford-market; I saw Wilson - I asked if he was in work; he said No, that he was going on an errand, and was to get 1s.for carrying this - I walked with him, and he asked me to carry it.
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
SAUNDERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
