



581. 




BENJAMIN MOSS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of January, 2 cwt. of hay, value 10s., the goods of 



William Lambert.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES SWAN
. I am servant to William Lambert, and bind his hay—he lives at Finchley. On Monday, the 9th of January, I bound about twenty loads out of a rick of hay—there was one truss that I had made a notch in—I had cut part of it off, and part of it I had left in—that was so on the Monday evening—I did not see the rick again till Wednesday morning, the 11th—I have seen some hay produced by Gin and the officer, and consider it is the same hay that came from that rick—nothing can be more alike—there was one truss that had the notch in.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You found part of a notch? A. Yes—I had left a little bit on one corner of the trust—the shape of the piece I bad left on the rick was square, about four inches, sticking a little out—the notch in the part that was brought back was exactly as it was when I left it—I cut a notch on the stack and trust—there was something sticking out on the truss which I left on the stack—I had not bound it.





BENJAMIN GIN
. I am bailiff to Mr. Lambert. I know the prisoner very well—his premises are 150 yards from Mr. Lambert's—I was in the yard that evening between five and six o'clock, the hay was all right then—I went the next morning, and nine or ten trusses were gone—I found the track of a cart from the rick-yard to the high road—the premises are not above five yards from the part of the high road into which I traced the traces of the cart—they had to come out of his premises—those tracks agreed with the tracks that had come from the rick-yard—the prisoner was taken into custody, and in consequence of information I went to the house of Madden a cow-keeper in Tabernacle-square on the Thursday with Smith—I went up into a loft in his premises, and saw some hay there—I knew the quality and description of my master's hay—I put some hay out of the loft, (there was some there that was not our sort—I did not take that,) I found six trusses of our sort—I took two of them home, and four I left behind—they were afterwards shown to Swan, the hay-binder—they were cut away very roughly—we made a comparison of the stump of the hay-stack that was left with what I brought away, and it corresponded in all respects—I saw the notch in the hay before it was lost—and saw it when the truss was found.

Cross-examined. Q. How came you to so to Madden? A. The Magistrate

sent me, as the prisoner said before the Magistrate that he had told hay to Madden, of No. 10, Tabernacle-square—I should not hare gone except he had mentioned it—I took two trosses from the loft, and Mr. Smith locked them up—the part with the notch on it is here—it is good hard hay—when I examined it in the loft I did not say I thought it was not my master's—I knew it was; the first hay that was shown me by Mr. Storton, I said I thought was not my master's—I did not say that of the whole.

COURT. Q. You know the different qualities of hay? A. Yes, well the two trusses I took away, and the four I left, tallied, and appeared of the same quality as the stump remaining—there cannot be any thing more alike.





JOHN SMITH
. I am a police-constable. I was called into the rick-yard on the Wednesday morning—I saw some tracks of a horse and cart—I traced them into the main road, and I traced tracks of a cart and footsteps from Moss's, they corresponded with those from the rick-yard into the main road—there were several tracks in the main road—I got a warrant, and went tad searched the prisoner's premises—I took him into custody—I told him it was for stealing hay—he said he had not been up to London with hay at all, bat had been up for the purpose of fetching coke down—I told him it was no use for him to deny it, as I had information that he had been up to London with hay—he gave me no other account that night—but he said when I took him into custody afterwards, that he had been up with hay; but he would not tell me that night where he had sold it—I said as an honest man, he would give an account who he bought it of—he would not satisfy me, but said it was his own hay—I then asked who loaded it—he said he loaded it himself—I said it was impossible for any man to load half a load of hay on his premises without making any litter—I told him I should take him up on suspicion—I locked him up, and the next morning, when I was going before the Magistrate, he wanted to say something to me—I said he had better reserve what he had, and say it to the Magistrate—and in consequence of what he said to the Magistrate I went to the premises of Madden in Tabernacle-square with Gin—I saw Storton, I did not go into the loft, I saw Gin go in—I received some trusses of hay—I weighed them and they were very short of weight—having observed the footmarks of a man, I took off the prisoner's shoes the night I took him into custody (Wednesday)—I found the marks corresponded in every respect—the half-tip of the heels was iron, and there were seven nails on the one shoe, and eight on the other; which corresponded exactly, and there was a piece of leather across the toe that corresponded with the impression on the ground—I gave tack the shoes—I demanded them again, and that cross piece of leather was taken off, and the tips, which were new.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you any thing else but a policeman? A. No—I belong to the horse-police—I could track the cart from the prisoner's premises into the high road, and as there had been so much traffic there, I could only track it in different places—it was a light chaise cart—the prisoner denied at first that he had taken hay up to London, but before he was locked up, he said he had been up with hay, but would not tell me that night who he sold it to—this is my writing to these depositions—(the witness's deposition being read, did not mention hit comparing the prisoner's shoes with the footmarks)—I did state about his shoes the first time, but there was no deposition taken the first day, on the second day I would have stated more, but they told me it was not evidence, and they did not put down all I said—I considered it was not my duty to correct the

Magistrate—I took the prisoner's shoes off on Wednesday night, when I took him into custody, leaving him in the custody of another officer; I returned again in less than an hour, and returned the shoes to the prisoner—I did not say they were not what I wanted—there were the footmarks of three people, but his shoes corresponded with one of the three—I asked him if he had not got other shoes with nails on them—he then said he had not—he was away a short time—I found him again at his own house in about an hour and a half.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were the tracks of the cart from the prisoner's premises, of the same description as those from the rick-yard? A. They were.





WILLIAM STORTOM
. I am in the service of Mr. Madden; he lives in Wood-street, Tabernacle-walk. On Wednesday, the 11th of January, about six o'clock in the morning, the prisoner brought eighteen trusses of hay in a little light cart—he put it out of the cart, and I took it from him and put it into Mr. Madden's loft—I had some other hay there—my matter has bought hay before—I cannot tell whether these trusses were regular weight—some of the trusses my master bought of the prisoner were abort of weight—Gin and Smith came in the afternoon, about three o'clock—my master was not in the way—Gin went into the loft and brought some trusses down, and took some away.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you show them all the hay that was in the loft? A. Yes—one of them said he did not think it was theirs—I do not know which—I do not know whether that applied to all the hay—I shoved them all that was in the loft. (John Pearce, a bricklayer, of Finchley; Henry Whale, a fanner, of Highgate; Thomas Weldon, a day-labourer; and Susannah Moss, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 48.—


Transported for Seven Yean.
