



934. 




WILLIAM GOODWIN
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Bell, at 
St. Leonard, Shore ditch, on the 
17th of April, and stealing therein, 1 gown, value 4s.; 2 shirts, value 3s.; 2 shifts, value 1s. 6d.; 1 table-cloth, value 3s.; 1 scent-box, value5s.; 3 caps, value 1s.; 1 umbrella, value 2s.; 2 frocks, value 3s.; 2 night-gowns, value 3s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; and 3 sheets, value 7s.; his property.







HARRIET BELL
. I am the wife of John Bell, an ivory turner, who live in Dove-row, Hackney-fields, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch. On Thursday, the 17th of April, 1834, I went out—I locked the street door and took the key—I returned in about a quarter of an hour, and found the street-door open, and the parlour-door, which I had locked, was open—I missed from the parlour a bundle of linen off the chair—I lost the article stated in the indictment—I noticed a man, who has since been transported, leaning over the pales, before the house, as I went into the house—he has since been convicted of this robbery.





JOHN KEY
. I am a brush-maker, and live in Maidstone-street, about two hundred yards from Bell's. I can see Bell's house from the side window of my own house very distinctly—On the 17th of April, last year, I was at work in my shop, and observed three men lounging about; one had a paper parcel in his hand, tied with red tape, and sealed—they all three went up to Mrs. Bell's door—one separated from the others, about fifteen yards, and stood against the pales, while the others looked through the key-hole and one corner of the window—I hardly knew what to make of it—I thought it was an execution, and they wanted to get into the house—directly afterwards, they pulled something out of their pocket, opened the door, and went in, and shut the door—I could see they were up stairs, rummaging about—I ran out of the house, and just before I got to Bell's door, two men came out with a bag, three parts full of things—I, being an old man, (and they young, and at a distance,) was not able to get hold of them—I secured the one who was set to watch, and he has been convicted—I cannot say whether the prisoner was one of the other two—I am not positive; he appears to me about the size of the man.





MARY KEY
. I am the wife of last witness. I was standing at my door, and saw two men come out of Bell's house—one with a bundle, the other with an umbrella—I ran round the corner, and met them—I met one man in the face, and said, "Master, you are wanted there"—he said, "Nobody wants me"—I said, "You are a thief, and have robbed the house"—he directly threw down the bundle, and ran—I am certain it was the prisoner—I remarked his features and his voice—I took up the bundle, and ran—I cried, "Stop thief!"—he ran down John-street, and I did not see him again—I gave the bundle to my son—he took it into Mr. Bell's house.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long ago is this? A. The 17th of April, last year—he ran down Boston-street—I met him in Boston-street, and he ran across a bit of waste ground—I do not think I was speaking to him above a minute when I said he was a thief—I had never seen him before—I saw the prisoner in custody three weeks ago last Wednesday—I saw him running down John-street, and I ran after him—I swear positively to him—I knew his features again—the policeman showed him to me in Hoxton watch-house, when he was apprehended; there were other people there in custody—there were others who knew him there as well as me—he was not pointed out as the man—he was pointed out to me to know if I knew him—he was not dressed in the same way—he had a black handkerchief on, a black hat, and black trowsers—he was dressed all in black—Glibbery is the policeman who showed him to me—I believe he has been to our house once, not more—I never saw him in my life till three weeks ago last Sunday—I was examined on the former trial—I was the

asked if I should know the third man; I may have said I did not know whether I should or not, but when I saw him there I knew him well—I have not said I should not know him again.





ELIZABETH SCROOB
. I am the daughter of John Scroob, of No. 21, Boston-street. On Thursday, the 17th of April, 1834, I was at work at our window, at the corner of John-street—I heard an alarm given of "Stop thief"—I looked out and saw the prisoner running—I got up, opened the door, tnd he ran past me, and threw something into Forster's skittle-pound—I am sure he is the man—I never saw him before—I saw him again three weeks ago last Sunday—I noticed his dress when he ran past me—he had a black frock-coat, black trowsers, black waistcoat, and black silk neck handkerchief—his coat had a black velvet collar—he stopped to throw what he had into the skittle-ground—I saw him till he was out of sight all the way down John-street.

Cross-examined. Q. You have had the advantage of being in Court while I examined the last witness? A. Yes; I was not asked before the Magistrate about the colour of his coat—I never saw him before the 17th of April—Mrs. Key and Francis called on me on Sunday three weeks, to go to the watch-house—I did not see the policeman till Monday—they said they expected the other man was taken—the policeman came for her, but he did not come to our house till Monday—she said I must go there, for the policeman had been to her house—she lives about two minutes' walk from my house—I was here on the former trial, and heard Mrs. Key examined—I did not hear her say she should not know the third person—I had not been talking with her about the circumstance between the time of the robbery and the prisoner being taken—I am not an acquaintance of her's—I never spoke to her till the other man was taken up—I have not talked about this since that—I never saw her to speak to her, till three weeks last Sunday—we went to the station-house without any policeman—I found Glibbery and a great many more police-officers there, and the prisoner, and two more prisoners—the door was opened; and as soon as it was opened I said, that is the man I saw, only he was in a different dress when he ran past me—he was dressed as he is now—I saw him three or four minutes while he was passing by—he got out of my sight, and in a minute after he ran past me—his back was then towards me—I never said I was at the door when I first saw him—I heard him give his name at Worship-street—I did not know it before—I saw the policeman once—he was on duty, looking after his men, and came down our street—it was after the prisoner was in custody—he spoke to me, but not about the prisoner—he said I was not to forget to come to Worship-street about the prisoner—he did not mention the prisoner's name—he had been to our house before, on the Monday after the Sunday, with a summons for me to go to Worship-street—I said I did not like to go alone, and asked Mrs. Key to call for me—she did not call, and I did not go in the morning; and in the afternoon Glibbery brought a summons—when I was here, last May, I said I should know the one who ran past me—I never said I should not know him—the policeman has not called on me since he left the summons—I have seen him at Worship-street twice, and here—Mrs. Key said the policeman had been to her house, to say the other man was taken.





THOMAS KEY
. I am the son of John Key. I took a bundle to the prosecutrix's house on the 17th of April, 1834—I saw one man leaning over some pales—that was not the prisoner—I saw two men peeping round the corner—I cannot say whether the prisoner was one of them.






HARRIET BELL

re-examined. The bundle the witness brought to me contained all my property, except the scent-box and an umbrella.





THOMAS JAMES FRANCIS
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Nelson-street, Dove-row. On the morning of the 17th of April, 1834, I saw three man in conversation several times, as I passed, getting my work in from the binders, nearly facing Boston-street—when I returned the second time the three men divided—the one who was convicted was leaning over the pales—he had a parcel in his hand—the other two were in a public-house, next door to Bell's—I saw one of them looking through the window, and the other reading a newspaper—that was the prisoner—I passed him about four times, as I was going to different binders with my work—I first saw him about half-past nine o'clock—I was backwards and forwards, passing and re-passing, for about an hour and a quarter, he was looking through the glass, the last time I saw him he was standing with his back to the table—I went home, and in a few minutes there was a cry of "Stop thief"—I went out—Mrs. Key had got the man who was convicted by the collar—I went into the house of Mr. Bell, and found it in confusion.

Cross-examined. A. Were you examined on a former occasion? A. Yes: I did not state that I should not know either of the other persons—in consequence of being sent for three or four times, I went to the station-house on Sunday morning—I at first said I would not go, but the policeman begged of me to go to Mrs. Key, and bring Scroob—on Monday he brought me a summons, and I went—he told me I should see one of the men—I had never seen the prisoner before—I believe he is the man—I am not perfectly certain, but I believe him to be the man—I swear positively to him—I am satisfied he is the man—it is a respectable neighbourhood—I know of no disreputable houses there—I have no doubt of the prisoner.





MARY KEY

re-examined. I know of no disreputable houses in the neighbourhood—I have lived there seven years.





ROBERT DAWSON
. I am pot-boy at the Gibraltar public-house, Gibraltar-walk, Bethnal-green-road. In April, last year, I was pot-boy at the Goldsmiths'-arms—I felt something hit me on the hat in the skittle-ground—I took it up, and it was a black bag, containing two keys—my master gave it to Miller, the policeman—it was just about eleven o'clock in the morning—I had heard the alarm of "Stop thief."





JAMES MILLER
 (police-constable N 164.) I produce a black bag, which I got from Mr. Bell's house, from Key—I got the keys from Dawson's master, as he gave them into his hands—I have had them ever since the last trial.





JAMES GLIBBERY
 (police constable N 21.) I apprehended the prisoner in the Hackney-road—he made some observation, but I did not hear what.

Cross-examined. Q Who was the first of the witnesses you went to to take to the station-house? A. Three of them came down together—I went to Mrs. Key, on Sunday afternoon, Miss Scroob, and likewise to Francis—I told Miss Scroob, that I had apprehended a man on suspicion—I will not swear I said a man, or the man—I took him on Sunday, the 8th of March—I told the magistrate, that I knew him to be the companion of Duff, the man who has been previously convicted—I did not tell the magistrate that I had got some private information—I don't recollect mentioning the word private—I said from information I had received, I took the prisoner—I had information of the robbery when Duff was in custody—I was on duty in that district the whole time.

Prisoner's Defence. It is so long ago, it quite slips my memory where

I was at the time, or I could prove where I was; as to this dress, I have not had it three months. I never wore a black frock-coat—the last I left off was a green one, and that I had for two years.
(Josh. Bedward, weaver, Prince's-court, Tyson-street, Bethnal-green; and Emma Burchell, Green-dragon-yard, Whitechapel, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
