





383. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
, 1 chest, value 5s.; 1 quadrant, value 3l.; 1 watch, value 3l.; 2 pairs of trousers, value 15s.; 2 waistcoats, value 6s.; 1 pairs of drawers, value 2s.; 2 shirts, value 5s., and 3 handkerchiefs, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Cook
                  




               
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  COOK
               



            . I left this property at Mr. Thompson's house, Upper East Smithfield


, while I was in the hospital.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I keep an eating-house. The prosecutor and prisoner came to my house - they each brought a chest; the prosecutor went to the hospital, as I understood - the prisoner afterwards came, and said he had come for his own chest; I did not know one from the other, and he took the prosecutor's instead of his own - he asked how the prosecutor was.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  COOK
               



            . I had lodged at the house, but he did not; we had been on board the same ship - I did not send him for my chest; I have lost the property entirely.
Prisoner. The witness speaks false in saying he delivered the chest to me, it was a small girl took it out, and delivered it to me.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I swear I delivered it to him, and he took it away with a man who was a stranger; the prosecutor's chest was a sort of chocolate colour, and the prisoner's was covered with a tarpaulin - I took him in the street in a few weeks; he told me he had sold the prosecutor's chest for 17s. out in the street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
