






932. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HEAD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HIGGINS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of March
, 19 live tame fowls, price 2l. 7s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Fenning
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On Wednesday morning, the 7th of March, at a quarter-past three o'clock, I was in Red Lion-lane, Church-street, Stoke Newington; I heard some persons talk - I then saw the two prisoners coming down from Lordship-road, and the Green-lanes; when they came in sight, I heard one say to the other, "Go on" - I stopped till Head came up to me with a basket on his shoulder; I said"Where are you going?" he said, "To the Bull and Mouth, and I have a parcel for my master:" he asked me what time it was - I told him; he said, "I shall get there by four o'clock;" I said "You must go with me?" I felt the basket, and said, "You do not send baskets to the country without a direction, do you?" he said, "You may look at it if you like;" I said, "I must look at you as well"- I put him into the watch-house; I felt something warm in the basket, and found in it one duck, one cock, and eight hens - I then sent our serjeant after Higgins, and he had one duck in each pocket; I found the prosecutor the next morning.


                  LUKE 
                  TITCOMBE
               



            . I am gardener to Mr. George Fenning, of Stamford-hill


. We lost nineteen fowls on the 7th of March - I saw some of them at the office; these are the heads of them; I am quite sure of them - they were safe at six o'clock in the evening - our house is about a mile from where the prisoners were taken.


                  HENRY 
                  JAMES PITT
               



            . I am a Police-serjeant. I was in Lordship-lane; Freeman told me to go and take Higgins - I afterwards went to Mr. Fenning's, and found his back premises had been broken open.
Head's Defence. I was coming down the lane, and met a man, who asked if I was going to work; I said No; he asked me to carry this to the Bull and Mouth, and he would pay me for it - I took it, and met with Higgins; I asked where he was going; he said home; I asked if he would carry the two ducks for me, and I was taken.
Higgin's Defence. I was coming through Woodgreen; I overtook Head, who asked me to carry the two ducks for him.
HEAD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
HIGGINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
