





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
400. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS alias 
EVAN BALLARD





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Charles 
                           Maberly
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHARLES MABERLY
               



            . I am a mariner
, and live in Griffin-street, Shadwell. On the 23rd of December, about five o'clock in the evening, I was in Skinner-street, Snow-hill


, and had a silk handkerchief in my outside coat pocket; Alderson gave me information - I felt and missed it; I had not seen the prisoner till he had been in custody.


                  DAVID 
                  GEORGE ALDERSON
               



            . I am an officer of Marylebone. On the 23rd of December, about a quarter to five o'clock, I saw the prisoner in Skinner-street with another person; Maberly had a female holding his arm - I saw the prisoner with his companion go close behind Maberly, and by the light of a shop window I saw the prisoner put his hand into Maberly's pocket, and take out this handkerchief; I told my brother officer the little one had taken it out (the other was taller than him); I went one way round a cart, and my brother officer the other - I saw him take the prisoner, and take the handkerchief off the ground; I had seen it go on the ground just as he laid hold of the prisoner - it appeared to drop from him - I went after the other, but lost him; Maberly claimed the handkerchief by its not being hemmed by a woman; the prisoner had another handkerchief on his neck, - he said "That is mine, it is not marked;" and it was marked.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. The gentleman laid hold of a bricklayer at first, and said, "I have got you;" he then let him go, and took me - he took the handkerchief, and said "I saw you drop it. I will swear it." Witness. I am certain I saw him take it from the pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
