





565. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DEWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of January
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Parry
                        




                     
                   and another
            .
JOHN PARRY. I am a linen-draper
, and live on Ludgate-hill


, and have one partner. On the 28th of January, between five and six o'clock in the evening, I came down into the shop, and missed this handkerchief off the counter - the prisoner was in the shop charged with the theft; I saw him give it up.


                  JAMES 
                  RENIE
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's employ. The prisoner came to the shop, and presenting a pattern of flannel, asked at what price we could supply that quality, saying he had been sent by a gentleman from the Tower, who would want about three hundred yards, to make Cholera Morbus belts, that the guards had been charged 2s. 9d. each, and he thought he could supply them at 1s. 9d. - I watched him; there was nothing on the counter likely to attract his attention but a handkerchief, and in two or three minutes I missed that - I sent for an officer, and charged him with it; he denied it, but on my saying we should soon ascertain what he had about him, he took off his cap, presented the handkerchief, and said, "This is all I have of yours."(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was rather tipsy - I wanted four or five yards of flannel, and said I might want a large quantity afterwards - I took up this handkerchief, lifted it into my cap, and left my own by the side of a basket, thinking it was mine; he said, "You have made a mistake, you have got the wrong handkerchief;" I took off my cap, and saw it was his - I gave it to him, and took my own from the basket.
JAMES RENIE. I saw no handkerchief of his; he came into the middle of the shop, and then moved to where this handkerchief laid - he could not mistake it for his own - he did not appear tipsy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
