



2154. 




HARRIET TAYLOR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of August, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-guard, value 12s.; 1 jacket, value 1l.; pair of boots, value 8s.; 5 half-crowns, 1 shilling, and 1 sixpence; the goods and monies of 



George Etherington.






GEORGE ETHERINGTON
. I belong to a merchant's ship. I came home about three weeks ago—about one o'clock in the morning of the 26th of August, I met the prisoner just in the Borough—I had passed the day very well—I had had a pint or two of beer through the day—we had two or three words—I went home with her, and went to bed—I put my breeches down by the side of the bed—there was a sixpence, and one penny in the rackets—I took my boots off, and put them by the side of the bed—I left the watch round my neck, with the guard—I fell asleep, and awoke between four and five o'clock—the prisoner, and my boots, money, and breeches, were all gone—I got up, and overhauled about the room, and told the policeman of it—I had given her 3s. before I went to bed—my watch was found at the pawnbroker's on the Monday—I have not found my boots since—this happened on Sunday morning—this is my watch—(looking at it.)

Prisoner. Q. Am I the woman that robbed you? A. Yes; I am certain she is the same woman.

Prisoner. The woman who robbed him, gave me the watch to pledge.





VANNAM POCOCKE
. I live with Mr. Hedges, a pawnbroker, in Drury-lane. This watch was brought by the prisoner—I stopped her with it, as I lad received information that morning, and the watch answered the description.





THOMAS POCOCK
. I apprehended the prisoner, and asked her who the watch belonged to—she said her husband, and gave her address, "No. 17, Luke-street"—I went there, but she did not lodge there.

Prisoner. That was the address the woman told me—she withdrew from the shop, and left me there. Witness. I saw no other female.

Prisoner. The other woman gave me the watch, and took me to the pawnbroker—then she left me there, and went away—she said they once had the watch there for 30s., but they had had a dispute, and she did not like to take it again.




GUILTY
.* Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
