




2111. 




JAMES DAVEY
 and 




JAMES MANSFIELD
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
6th of September, 100 cigars, value 15s., the goods of 



William White.






WILLIAM WHITE
. I am a tobacconist, and live in the Strand. I have missed a number of cigars lately—these one hundred are mine—I know them from having had them in my possession a long time, and being a particular quality—I lost one hundred like them from a chest that I had in the shop, from a corner nearest the door, and there was the vacant place where they had been—a man coming into the shop could lift up the lid and take them—the lid at times is open, so that a person going by could see them—I had not sold them, for they are kept for show in that chest, and not for sale—they are a better sort.





JOHN KELLY
. I am sixteen years of age, and live in Lincoln-court, Drury-lane Between eleven and twelve o'clock on the 6th of September, I was sitting on some steps in Heathcote-street, Strand—I am generally out there at that time of night because the gentlemen who go to Mr. White's send me on errands—I saw two prisoners and another young man walk backwards and forwards—I saw Davey stoop and lift up the lid, and take out the cigars—I ran and told Mrs. White, and went after them down Bedford-street, Strand, I came back and stopped at the same place for about a quarter of an hour—I was then coming home and saw the two

prisoner, the other one and another coming along—I followed them down to Artichoke-court—I ran to Mr. White's—he and I went and the policeman—they were then gone into the public-house—we went in and took them.

Davey. This other prisoner was not with me, neither do I know him; Witness. I know him by the scar on his eye—he had a black eye, just getting well.





RICHARD GREEN
 (police-constable F 89.) I went to the public-house and took these prisoners—Kelly pointed them out—Mansfield had a black eye at the time—when I went into the parlour Davey took his hat off, and these cigars tumbled out.

Mansfield. I had been down to Whitechapel to my sister's, and in going back I called in at the Artichoke, and was taken.

DAVEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Six Months.

MANSFIELD—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for seven Years.
