




718. 




MARY CUNNINGHAM
 and 




ELLEN HESTER
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
11th of February, 1 set of harness, value 1l. 5s., the goods of 



William Wheeler; and that Hester had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN LORD SHEPPERD
. I live in Barbican, and am brother-in-law to Mr. Wheeler. I had a set of harness of his—I lost it on the 10th of February, from a stable at the back of the premises where the bone is kept—I did not miss it till Saturday morning—I had placed it there on the Friday—the stable is open to the yard, and the door of the yard is generally bolted inside—the prisoners were in the habit of coming to where I live, to see their mother, who is a lodger there—I afterward saw the harness at Mr. Pope's, in White Cross-street—this is it—it is my brother-in-law's.





THOMAS POPE
. I keep a marine-store shop in Upper White Cross-street. I never recollect seeing the prisoners before one Friday night, when they came together, about twenty minutes before ten o'clock, and brought a set of harness—I bought it—Cunningham brought it, and I only dealt with her—she gave me the name of "Ann Smith," and said she lived in Milton-street—I gave 10s. for it—it is a complete set—a bridle and collar, and all complete—I paid the money to Cunningham, but Hester was there—they asked 1l.—I did not bid them any thing—I fetched a neighbour, a muster butcher, who had purchased a pony, and I thought he might want it—he bid 10s. for it—I said if it was worth that to him, it was to me, and I purchased it for that.






JOHN TERRY
. I live in Cow Cross-street, and work at Mr. Graves, a harness maker. On a Friday night between nine and ten o'clock both the prisoners came together, and brought this harness for sale—they asked if I would buy it—I said, master was not at home, and told them to bring it again in the morning—Cunningham said, "Never mind, we will take it over the way," and Hester said, "No, we will leave it and call in the morning"—the other said, "No, we will take it away."





EDWARD M'DOUALL
. I am a City police-constable. I took the prisoner Cunningham in the morning, and the other in the afternoon, at the same house.





WILLIAM WHEELER
. This is my harness—I bought it with a pony—I value it at 25s. or 30s.

Hester. I met Cunningham with it at the end of Barbican—she asked me to go with her—I did not know what it was, nor where she got it—we tent to White Cross-street, and that man bought it.

Cunningham. Mr. Shepperd said if I would tell him where it was, be would not injure me, and at last he called me into a private room, and asked if my sisters would pay for it—I told him, "Yes"—he said, "Will You go with the officer and show where you sold it?"—which I did—he said, "I give you my word I will not hurt you"—it was real distress that caused it—this is the first time I ever committed any thing improper—Mr. Wheeler has never seen us in the yard.





WILLIAM WHEELER

re-examined. I am very much mistaken if I have not seen them many times there together.





MATTHEW PEAK
 (police-constable C 198.) I produce a certificate of he prisoner Hesters former conviction, which I got from Mr. Allen's office, he Clerk of the Peace, of Clerken well—(read)—the is the person who was convicted.

CUNNINGHAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 50.—


Transported for Seven Years.

HESTER—


GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
