





691. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of February
, 4 sheets, value 6s., and 3 bags, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Powell
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am the wife of Joseph Powell - he lives in Mansell-street, Goodman's-fields; I was in a cart going along Brick-lane


, on the 15th of February, at a quarter before eight o'clock - there was a bag of linen in the cart, which I was bringing from the country to my own house; it contained four sheets and three bags - there was a lad in the cart, but he is not here; a Policeman gave me notice that the property was taken.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. Did you see it when you were in Brick-lane? A. No; it was an open cart - it could not have fallen out - I have not promised my witness any thing for her trouble.


                  CHRISTIANA 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I was in Brick-lane, and saw Mrs. Powell and a lad in the cart; I saw a man, whom I think was the prisoner, following and watching the cart - he went behind the cart, and took out this bundle; he was running away - I had before seen a Police-constable, and given information; he took the prisoner with the bundle.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he run? A. Yes, when we cried Stop thief! he ran, but not so much as two or three hundred yards; I had not had any thing to drink with the prosecutrix.


                  GEORGE 
                  BRIDLE
               



            . I am an officer. This young woman pointed out to me a person following the cart; I saw him running from it with the bundle - I ran to take him; he threw down the bundle, and I collared him - I never lost sight of him; it was a quarter before eight o'clock.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure you saw him with the bundle near the cart? A. Yes; I caught him running - there was no crowd there; it was not dark.
Prisoner's Defence. I was not near the cart; I crossed to speak to a person, and they ran and took me.



               GUILTY
            . - Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
