





449. 
               
                  MARY 
                  SCANNELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of December
, 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 1 shilling, 1 sixpence, and 1 penny
            , the monies of 
               
                  David 
                  Fife
               




            .


                  DAVID 
                  FIFE
               



            . I am a labourer
. On Monday night, the 14th of December, I was going home, and fell in with the prisoner in Whitechapel, between ten and eleven o'clock at night - she accosted me; I went home with her to Went-worth-street


 - I gave a man 1s. for the bed in an up stairs room; I gave the prisoner a compliment before I went to bed - I had a sovereign, a half-sovereign, and about 2s. in my fob; I put my breeches in a chair in the corner of the room, and went to hed; I was not drunk, nor yet sober -I felt my money safe while I was in the room; the prisoner went to bed with me - I awoke about three o'clock in the morning by something falling on the floor; the prisoner was then up; I said, "What is that?" she said nothing, and came to bed again; I said, "You have been robbing me;" I got up, felt my breeches, and the pocket was cut open - I then accused her; she cried out for the landlord, got up, and wanted to get away; the landlord called the watchman, who came, and I had the prisoner in my arms, crying, at the door - the watchman searched, and found exactly the money I had lost, between the bed and the sacking.


                  JAMES 
                  SUTHERLAND
               



            . I was called, and found the witness and the prisoner; he accused her of robbing him of a sovereign, a half-sovereign, and about 2s.; she denied it -I searched and found this money under the bed, on the sacking.
Prisoner's Defence. I met him in Whitechapel-road, he gave me 1s., and said he would give me half a crown the next morning; after he got to bed, he got out and put his money away - he then said I had robbed him; the watchman found the money where he had put it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
