



1652. 




JOHN BARRETT
 was indicted

, for feloniously and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Russell, about twelve o'clock in the night of the 
22nd of June, at 
St. Botolph Without Aldgate, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, I bonnet, value 8s.; the goods of 



Bridget Russell.






BRIDGET RUSSELL
. I live with my father, James Russell, in Brownbear-alley, Aldgate—I do not know the name of the parish—he occupies the house—he rents it himself—I was with my father and mother at the club-house, on Monday, the 22nd of June, in Glass-house-street—we went there at nine o'clock, and staid till nearly twelve—I saw the prisoner at the club-house about eleven o'clock—he was sitting there, like other persons—he was a member of the club, and lived two or three streets from us—he is a ballast-heaver—I stopped at the club till we received information that somebody had robbed the house, and then I went home, and saw the policeman in the yard, with the bonnet in his hand, and the prisoner with him—It was my bonnet—I had seen it safe about nine o'clock that night—I took my other bonnet out of the same box as it was in—It laid in the band-box, in my bed-room—the bed-room door has no fstening—the outer door was secured with a spring-lock—my father keeps lodgers—the lodgers come in at all hours—there is a cord through the door, and they pull that and open it—any body could open it, by pulling the cord—we had three lodgers at that time—I left nobody in the house when I went out, except a little girl, nine years old, who was in bed—her father and mother lodge in the house—I found none of the lodgers at home when I returned, except the man who caught the prisoner with the bonnet.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you say you saw the policeman take the bonnet out of my hand in the yard? A. No, I did not; you were standing in the yard with the policeman when I came—there was nobody in the yard

but the policeman and the man who caught him—when I came there I did not see any girls there.





DAVID BUCKLEY
. I lodge in Russell's house. I was at the club on Monday night, the 22nd of June, and saw the prisoner there after ten o'clock—I left at about a quarter to twelve o'clock—there is a small yard in front of the house—when I opened the yard door and closed it, I found the prisoner behind the door, with this bonnet in his hand—I laid hold of him, and kept him in custody will I sent for Russell from the club-house—I gave the bonnet to the policeman, who took charge of him from me.

Prisoner. Q. Did you take that out of my hands? A. Yes—I was quite sober—I went to the club about nine o'clock—I had no beer or spirits there—when I came into the yard, I cannot say whether the house door was open or shut.





JESSE THOWER
. I am a policeman. I know Russell's house in Brownhear-alley—It is in the parish of St. Botolph Without Aldgate—on the night of the 22d of June, I was passing Brown-bear-alley, and heard words between Buckley and the prisoner—I went there, and saw the bonnet in Buckley's hand—he delivered it to me—this is it—Buckley had hold of his collar, and said, he had thieved this bonnet—I went into the house—both the yard door and the door of the house were open—I went up to a bed-room, and saw the band-box upset, and ribbons and other trifling articles about the yard—It was dark—I could see a man's countenance without the light—I saw some pieces of the same sort of ribbons in the band-box as I saw in the yard.

Prisoner. Q. Are there not bed people live up the court? A. Yes; at the other houses, but not at this—there are bad girls live in three house—there were no girls round you—there were no bad girls there.





MARY RUSSELL
. On the night of the 22d of June, I went to the club-house, at a little after nine o'clock, with my daughter and Mr. Buckley—I locked the door, but there was a string by which it coutldbe pulled back—I left a little girl, eight years old, in the house—I came home, about ten o'clock, to see whether she was asleep—I let myself in, by pulling the string—I stopped about ten minutes, and then went back—I fastened the door after me, as before—I saw Buckley leave the club ten minutes before I came home—my daughter and I came away, and my husband followed us.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I was going down there, and came by the house—I saw the door open—I stopped talking to a person there for about ten minutes, and Buckley came down, my back was against the door—he said, "Is that you Polly?"—I said, "No, it is not"—he said, "Oh, is it you Jack Barrett?"—I said, "Yes it is"—he kicked the bonnet before him, and took hold of me, and the policeman came up—a parcel of girls came up; he told them I had taken the bonnet, and the girls gave me some slaps in the face, and tore my waistcoat; the policeman came up and told them not to hit me—I never saw the property.




GUILTY of stealing only. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

