



943. 




WILLIAM PHILLIPS
 was again indicted

 for feloniously forgoing an order for the payment of 310l., with intent to defraud 



James Whatmas Bosanquet and others; seven other counts varying the charge.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN FRYER
. I am clerk in the banking-house of James Whatman Bosanquet, and Co.—there are three partners. On the 17th of January this cheque for 310l., drawn by Kerslake and Co., was presented to me it payment—I do not know who presented it—the person first paid in a cheque for 284l. 10s., on Dixon and Brook, to the credit of Kerslake and Co., and then presented this cheque, drawn by Kerslake and Co., for payment—I recollect the transaction, and am sure it was the same personal—he never moved from the counter—I paid him the amount, 310l—there were but two persons at the counter at the time.





WILLIAM BELTON CREALOCK
. I am a solicitor, in partnership with Mr. Karslake, and carry on business in Regent-street. The prisoner was in our employ as clerk from the 1st of January, 1832, down to the 15th of August, 1835—at that time we kept a cash account at Bosanquet's—I was in the habit of drawing cheques on account of office business, and sending them by clerks, and I was also in the habit of paying in drafts which I received on other banks—we generally paid in and presented drafts at the same time, if we had occasion, as we lived at some distance from the bankers—the prisoner would have the opportunity of knowing that practice—in July, 1835, I received a letter from Griffiths Jones, of Welsh Pool—I had before that spoken to the prisoner about his irregular attendance, and he said if he did not give satisfaction he had better go, and I said he had—I afterwards received this letter from Welsh Pool, to which I wrote an answer, and gave it to the prisoner to take a copy of by the machine—after making the copy he brought it to me himself—he had no authority from me to make a second copy—he never told me that he had done so—(looking at two sheets of paper)—these appear to be copies of the two first sheets of the same letter—they were no doubt made the machine—the signature I use in drawing drafts on bankers correspond generally

with the signature I use in signing letters—(looking at the cheque)—this certainly not my writing, nor my partner's—it is a very bad imitation—I did not authorise that cheque to be drawn—the signature to this copy of the letter is my hand-writing—the signature to the cheque is certainly like the signature to the copy of the letter, particularly in the K—Kerslake—it is seldom I make such a K, and the cheque and letter correspound in that particular—I never authorised this cheque on Dixon and Brooks to be paid into Bosanquet's on my account—I believe the words "One hundred and eighty" and the signature James Smith in that cheque to be the prisoner's hand-writing—they bear the strongest mark of his handwriting; but I should say all the cheque is his hand-writing decidedly—he was three years and a half in our office, and I saw him write almost very day—I believe the whole cheque to be his writing, but this portion more strongly than the rest—the figures of the year 1838 on this 310l. cheque I should say are his figures—it is an imitation of my own handwriting throughout—the character is not like the characters, of the prisoner's ting.





HENRY KARSLAKE
. I am a partner of Mr. Crealock's. This cheque is not my hand-writing—I never authorised any body to draw it.





RICHARD MULLINS
. I am clerk to Kerlake and Co., and have been so rather more than five years—the prisoner was there when I first went—I have seen him write many times—I believe the whole of this cheque on Dixon and Co. to be his hand-writing, except the words "not known," written in the corner—the figures 38, in the cheque in question are like the prisoner's ordinary writing, and the 16 in the January—the rest is an imitation of Mr. Crealock's writing—I believe the figures I have named are the prisoner's hand-writing.

COURT. Q. Do your employers keep a cheque—book? A. Yes—it is printed cheque.





MATTHEW BAKER
. I am clerk to Karslake and Co., and was so when the prisoner was in their employ—I have frequently seen him write—part of this cheque on Dixon strongly bears the characters of the hand-writing of the prisoner, and I believe, from the character, it is his hand-writing—(looking at the cheque)—the 38 in the date of the year, and the 16 in the month, very strongly resemble his ordinary handwriting—I believe it to be his hand-writing.

Cross—examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you examined before the magistrate? A. No—I believe the whole of the second cheque to be the prisoner's—that is my belief of both cheques.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What is your belief of the 310l. one? A. That it is the hand-writing of the prisoner—I can see the character of his hand-writing through the whole of it—it is not his ordinary hand, but casting my eye through it, from beginning to end, there is something in the character and style of it, leading me to believe it is his.

COURT. Q. Does it appear a disguised hand, but written by a character which is familiar to you? A. Yes.

MR. CREALOCK
re-examined. My cheque-book is usually kept in my drawer, and my partner kept a cheque-book in his room, which was not lacked up—the prisoner would not have had the least difficulty in possessing himself of blank cheques, if so disposed.





JOSIAH WATHEN
. I am a solicitor, and live in Bedford-row. In the latter part of 1836, the prisoner applied for a situation in my office—he

showed me a letter written from Messrs. Karslake and Crealock, which I believe to be this—I have a strong recollection that there was a third sheet to it—I do not recollect whether there was a signature, but I apprehend there was, or I should not have taken notice of it—I read the letter.





JOHN ROE
. I am a City officer. I was with Forrester when he apprehended the prisoner in Trafalgar-street, Walworth-road, on the 2nd of February—Forrester had got up to him before me—I got the papers produced at No. 1, Clifton-street, Wands worth-road—nothing that the prisoner said took me there.





DANIEL FORRESTER
. I am an officer. I accompanied Roe to Walworth—I saw the prisoner some distance down Trafalgar-street—I followed him, and stopped him when he turned two or three streets—I said, "Your name is Phillips, I believe"—he said, "No, it is not"—I said, "I think it is; if you will step back, here is a person I think will say so"—he denied it—I said, "What is your name?"—he did not give me his name at the time—I said, "The fact is, I believe your name is Phillips, and I shall arrest you"—on that he said, "You will be careful," and then said his name was Thompson—I told him it was for something that happened at Mr. Whiteside's—he then acknowledged his name was Phillips, and said the reason he had denied it was, that he was in difficulties—I went to No. 99, Trafalgar-street, and found some bills and things there—I afterwards went to No. 1, Clifton-street, Lark-hall-lane—the prisoner was not with me—; I followed a person there—I found an elderly lady there—I searched the place, and found various papers—(looking at the two papers)—I recollect seeing them there, or papers like them—we brought all the papers away, and they were among them.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you examined before the Magistrate? A. Yes—I have not signed any deposition.





JOHN SANKEY
. I am owner of the houses Nos. 1, 2, and 3, Cliftone-street—the prisoner took the house, No. 1, on the 21st of May, 1836, and continued to occupy it till the 29th of January, 1838—he took the whole house.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you before the Magistrate? A. No—the prisoner paid his rent punctually at first, but I have had occasion to show him lenity about it.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did he at any time pay your arrears? A. Yes; on the 29th of January he paid me the arrears—he owed, 6l. 4s.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you aware of his mother receiving a quarterly allowance? A. Yes—he generally paid me at the time of her allowance becoming due.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Was that the case in January? A. I believe she received it on the 10th.
(Mr. Waite, a barrister's clerk; Henry Worth, a solicitor's clerk; and Algernon Sidney Spark, a short-hand writer, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 39.—


Transported for Life.
