





1723. 




ROBERT ANGELL,



 MARY ANGELL
 and 



JOHN BURRELL
., were indicted for

stealing, on the 
20th of June, 429 yards of muslin trimming, value 10l.; 68 pairs of cuffs, value U. 10s.; 79 collars, value 7l. 10s. 1560 yards of quilling, value 7l. 18s.; 120 yards of edging, value 1. 10s.; and 47 habit-shirts, value 5l.; the goods of 



Richard Groucock and others.






JOHN PAUL EVANS
. I am in the employ of Mr. Richard Groucock and two others, lace and muslin manufacturers, Bow Church-yard. On the morning of the 20th of June, I left, the warehouse with a parcel, containing; the articles stated—when I got to Shoreditch, I missed tha parcel from my phaeton—these are the articles—I know them by the numbers—they are my masters' property—(examining them.)





JOSEPH REARDON
. I am in the employ of Mr. Aaron, a pawn—broker, Whitechapel-road. On the 20th of June the two Angells came to our shop, and brought some muslin trimming to pawn—they said it. belonged to themselves—that they were travellers, and sold such goods, and that they wanted the money for a few days only—I asked where they

purchased them—they said at the house that was Morrison's in Fore-street—I took the property in pledge.

Robert Angell. You are not the man that asked the questionsit was your master. Witness. No; it was me, and I asked for your licence at the same time.





GEORGE COTTINGHAM
. I am in the employ of Mr. Garnett, in the Commercial-road, a pawnbroker. I produce some of the goods which the two Angells pawned on the 20th of June—they said they were traveling dealers in the country.





JAMES HARNDEN
 (police-constable H 28.) I met the prisoner Burrell on the 21st, in Petticoat-lane, with part of this property on him—he was drunk—the female prisoner came up to him, gave him a push, and said "Go on, the policeman will stop you"—Burrell said, "If there is anything wrong it belongs to you, I know nothing of what the parcel contact"—the woman said it was some lace she was going to sell, and if I would sent for her husband he would give a better account of it—we searches Angell's premises, and found some more of the property.

Robert Angel Vs Defence. I was following my trade as a tinker in New Montague-street, Brick-lane—I found the parcel, and picked it up, not knowing what would be the consequences.

Mary Angell. I was with my husband at the time he found it in the road.

Burrell's Defence. I was tipsy, and met with this female, who asked me to have some drink—the policeman came and asked me what I had get—I said I did not know, it belonged to the woman—she said was left and things she was going to sell.

ROBERT ANGELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 49.

MARY ANGELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.

BURRELL—


NOT GUILTY
.




Transported for Seven Years.
