



2137. 




MARY ANN WARREN



. as indicted for stealing, on the 
23rd of July, 4 sovereigns, the monies of 



William Campbell, from his person.







WILLIAM CAMPBELL
. I am an officer in the army. On the 23rd of July, about eleven o'clock at night, the prisoner came up to me, about one hundred yards on the other side of Temple-bar—she kept following me, and when she found she could not induce me to accompany her she pleaded poverty—I gave her 6d. to induce her to leave me, but she still persisted in following me down Fleet-street till I got to Bell's-buildings, Salisbury-court, where I reside—I told her I did not wish her to be seen there, as I was a married man, and I gave her 1s. to get rid of her—I raised my hand to rap at the door, and the moment I did so she plunged her hand into my waistcoat pocket and extracted four sovereigns—I directly put my hand quickly down, which made her drop the four sovereigns on the pavement—a scramble ensued between us—she succeeded in picking up two sovereigns, one of which she put into her mouth—I got the other two—she attempted to escape, and did run a few yards, but I caught her and gave her in charge to a policeman at the end of the court—I had had no communication with her whatever.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long had you been with her in the street that night? A. do not know exactly—I am a stranger in London—I cannot say what time it would take me to walk half a mile—I walked at a rapid pace—I was quite sober, as far as I could judge—I had dined out, and had taken a gentleman-like allowance—I mean I had not drank to excess—I had, I suppose, seven or eight glasses of wine, and a little beer, I think—nothing else—it was not enough to make me tipsy—the prisoner walked with me against my will—I did not go to a house in Bishop's-court, Chancery-lane, nor did I knock at any house there, nor was I refused admittance—I swear that positively—I did not go. into Chancery-lane at all—I came straight through the archway down Fleet-street—I did not go into any court in the Strand that I know of—I was never in any house with the prisoner in my life—I do not think I went into any court—I cannot charge my memory—as far as my memory serves me, I went direct home—if I did go into any court, it was for the purpose of nature, and no other—I cannot call to mind whether I did or not, it is such a trifling circumstance—I did not pay 2s. for a room that night, that I swear most distinctly—nor was I in any house with the prisoner—I did not fall down in the street, I am quite positive of that—I always carried my money in my waistcoat pocket—I do not carry a purse—I have no breeches pockets—military men never have—the prisoner knew I had money in my waistcoat pocket, for I pulled out 6d. to give her in the Strand—she would not know there was gold there, but she would know there was money of some description.





WILLIAM BURTON
. City police-constable. No. 433.) On the night of the 23rd I was on duty in Salisbury-square, when the prosecutor came with the prisoner, and gave her in charge, stating that she had robbed him of two sovereigns—he appeared as if he had been drinking, but I could not swear he was drunk—on the way to the station-house the prisoner gave me a sovereign voluntarily, and in searching her at the station-house I found she had a sovereign in her mouth—to be positive I opened her mouth, and tried to take it from her, but she swallowed it—I saw the sovereign in her mouth.

Cross-examined. Q. Did she not state before the Magistrate, that the prosecutor had been in a house on the road with her? A. She did not state so to me—she said before the Magistrate that he had been with her

in a house—I do not recollect her saying that he had paid her 2s.—I believe she made some such statement to the Magistrate.




GUILTY
. * Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.
