






Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
90. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HART
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LEE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Anderson
                        




                     
                  , on the 15th of November
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 18s., his monies
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I live in Cannon-street-road, and am a manufacturer of sealing-wax and wafers
. On the 15th of November, at two o'clock in the morning, I was at Morris public-house Whitechapel, and saw Hart there; I had only gone in to have a glass of rum and shrub - I was out in about two minutes; he wished me to treat him in the house - I refused, and went out directly I got my change; he followed me immediately, at three or four yards distance - and, on going through Spectacle-alley


, which is about six houses further, I looked round and saw both the prisoners in company; they approached me, but said nothing; when I got to the end of the court I looked round, not liking to be molested, as they came round me and hustled me about; I was obstructed by them - I looked round, did not like their appearance, and walked on - they followed me still quicker four or five doors further,to a board in the street, and there one of them was close on my left, and the other close behind me; I cannot say which - I was in the act of turning to look at the other, and found myself momentarily on my back in the mud; I was thrown down by a person's leg being put out to obstruct me - I fell right backwards; after I was down, one said to the other "Here is a gentleman in the mud, let us pick him up" - I cannot say which that was; they lifted me up as any friend would do, and then one said to the other, "Let us scrape him down" - they did so; I thanked them for their friendly services, and then walked on towards the Commercial-road-in Church-street they continued walking on one side of me; they would have laid hold of my arms, but I would not allow it - I am in the habit of walking with my hands in my pockets; I put my hand into my pocket, and they seeing me do so, ran off immediately - I did not at that time know I had lost any thing; when they had got about a dozen yards up Dock-alley, I found they had got my purse which contained 18s., as near as I am able to estimate - I had taken it out in the public-house, returned it to my pocket; and walked some way with my hand in my pocket; I am certain I had it safe after leaving the public-house - I then pursued them down several courts and streets; I lost sight of them - when I came up the Policeman had taken them about a minute and a half - they were not out of my sight above half a minute; I came up, and said, "I give charge of these two men - they have just robbed me;" they were searched in my presence, and about 13s. or 14s. I believe, found on them; Hart had most of it - only a few sixpences were found on Lee, in his watch-pocket; I saw my purse in the Policeman's hands - he had picked it up just before I came up.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Where had you been to? A. To my uncle's, at Lambeth - I was not aware that it was so late; I went there to tea about five o'clock - I had been to no other public-house that evening; I was not perfectly sober, I was not drunk - I should not have fallen if a foot had not been put out; I should not fall from drunkenness - I do not think any body was with me but the prisoners.
Q. Why did you thank them for their kindness if you was thrown in the mud? A. I was so surrounded with mud, if I had moved I should have been covered - I did not like to charge them with it; they walked as far as Plummer's-row, about thirty houses, after that - I was not aware that they had robbed me; I saw no watchman to inform of it - I had not presence of mind to return to the public-house; I am quite satisfied I had 18s. in my purse - this was a night-house; I was neither drunk nor sober - I had the rum and shrub because I felt cold, and am subject to take cold, and had no great coat; I was not violent at the watch-house, and did not want to fight the prisoners - I was quiet there; 14s. was found on Hart.
COURT. Q. What sort of a night was it - was the court lighted with gas? A. No - I could hardly see my hand before me in the court.


                  ROBERT 
                  CAMPPEN
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 15th of November, about a quarter or twenty minutes past two o'clock, I saw two persons run down King-street, and at the corner of Battie-street I stopped the two prisoners - that is about thirty yards from King-street; there is a court half-way down King-street - I stopped at the end of King-street; I suppose they saw me, and ran down the court - I think it is Well-court; I heard one say to the other, "Through this court" - they ran through it; it leads into Battie-street - I made for Battie-street, and at the corner of Battie-street, seeing them running at that hour in the morning, I took them into custody, with the assistance of a brother officer, and in a minute or a minute and a half, I saw the prosecutor - he came up while I was asking why they were running, and stated that he had been robbed by two men; I said I had stopped two - he immediately identified them as the persons who had robbed him; I searched them, and found 11s. 6d. in silver, and 8d. in copper, on Hart - I was present when a sixpence was found on Lee; my brother-officer and Elliott brought the purse up about two minutes after I took them, just as the prosecutor came up; and said he had picked it up at the corner of Greenfield-street, Commercial-road, which is across the Commercial-road, on the opposite side - a person coming from the court I saw them in, would not be in Greenfield-street, but I did not see them till they ran out of the Commercial-road, into King-street; they could pass Greenfield-street, between that and where the robbery was committed - the prosecutor claimed the purse; he was certainly not sober - he had been drinking, but was quite capable of taking care of himself, and know what passed.
Cross-examined. Q. Was there any money in the purse? A. No - 12s. 8d. was found altogether on the prisoners.
Q. Was not the prosecutor in such a state that he might easily mistake a man? A. If there was no gas-light there, there was one very near to where he was robbed, which I should think, is about sixty yards from Morris' house, the Yorkshire Grey; he pointed the place out to me - there is a light within ten or twelve yards of it; it was not a very dark night - I have seen it lighter; it was not moonlight; I will not swear the men I first saw running were the prisoners - they were running towards me.


                  ROBERT 
                  ELLIOTT
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the morning of the 15th I was in Greenfield-street, Commercial-road I heard a shuffling and sort of running noise, which excited my suspicion; it proceeded from the Commercial-road - I did not see the persons till I came up to them in Battie-street- the place where I heard the noise is in a straight direction from the spot the prosecutor describes himself to have been robbed; I saw no other person there, nor any person running - I lost the sound all at once; when I came up to the top of Greenfield-street, I found the purse laying under a lamp, at the corner of Greenfield-street and the Commercial-road - I took it up, and have it here; immediately on taking it up I heard a noise in Battie-street, like five or six persons talking - I went there, and found the prisoners in custody; the prosecutor came up at the same time - I saw them searched; sixpence was found on Lee, and 11s. 6d. and 8d. on Hart - the prosecutor was evidently the worse for liquor, but quite capable of taking care of himself; he claimed the purse immediately he saw it - I asked the colour, and he told me before I showed it to him.
Cross-examined. Q. There was no silver in the purse?A. No; the prosecutor might certainly make a mistake in the person of a man.
Hart's Defence. I met Lee in Ratcliff-highway - we were going home, and as we went along we were taken into custody by two Policemen - the gentleman came up, and said, "These men have robbed me of a watch, seals, and 2l.;" at the station-house he said he had lost 24s., but not his watch; he afterwards said it was 26s.; he said this in the Policemen's presence and at the station he said,"Are you two Jews?" I said Yes - he said, "Come out of doors, and I will fight you;" the Policeman brought him away and said, "You must not fight here;" he said,"You d-d rascals, I will do any thing to you."
ROBERT CAMPPEN. The prosecutor said he had no doubt, had it not been for his guard his watch would have been gone, and that he had lost about 1l.; he did not challenge them to fight at all. nor did I interfere to prevent it- I never left them together out of my presence.
HART - 


               GUILTY of stealing from the person, but not with force and violence
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
LEE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
