



1111. 




MARY ANN HENEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th, of March, 1 watch, value 20l., and 1 watch-guard, value 5l.; the goods of 



James Monkhouse.






JAMES MONKHOUSE
. I am a warehouseman, and live in St. Paul's churchyard. On the 14th of March I fell in with the prisoner near to Convent-garden, between two and three o'clock in the morning—she was a stranger—I had been making merry with some friends, and was rather fresh—we walked together as far as Bedford-hotel, Bedford-bury—we went to bed directly—I awoke at seven o'clock in the morning—the prisoner rose at that time and dressed—I looked at my watch, it was then seven o'clock, and I laid down again—the prisoner went out, and I missed the witch and guard in about twenty minutes.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. You were quite sober when you went to bed? A. Not quite—I was slightly intoxicated—I had dined out at seven o'clock, and we went to the theatre at half-past nine o'clock—I returned to my friends after that, at a little past twelve o'clock—I had some wine—I was quite sober when I got up in the morning—I swear I had my watch at seven o'clock, lying on the dressing-table—I saw her go out—the female servant came into the room after she went away—I had paid the prisoner at night.

COURT. Q. You awoke about seven o'clock in the morning? A. Yes; she was dressing—I got up then to see the time, and the watch was on the table—that was about ten minutes before she went away.





ROBERT BIRD
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Long-acre—on Saturday this watch was pledged, but I was not there—it was redeemed again—the prisoner brought it again on Monday, and I detained her, from information I had.


Cross-examined. Q. You knew her very well? A. I knew her two or three years back—I had seen her at my shop—she pawned it first on Satur day, and then took it out, and brought it to pawn again on Monday—I had no conversation with her—I sent for an officer, and pretended to detain her, as I was busy—we lent a sovereign on it—the value of it is about—20.





JOSEPH HARRIS
. I am a jeweller. The prisoner came to my shop on Saturday, the 1st of April, between one and two o'clock in the day—she put a gold watch into my hand, and asked what I thought it was worth—I hesitated about giving her an answer—she said "Is it worth 10l.?"—I said I don't know—she said "Yes; I know it is; for it has been pawned for that, and I am the woman that has pawned it"—I then went away, and left her; she came again, and my wife asked me to take it to pawn for her—I said I would not have any thing to do with it, she had better take it to where she was known—she said she had taken it to one or two, and they had not so much to lend—I said, perhaps they thought it was not her own—she said, "It is; I met Mr. Johnson, and told him I must have some money, and he took the watch from his guard, and told me to pawn it for 8l., and send him the duplicate in a letter."

Cross-examined. Q. What is the prisoner to you? A. She married my wife's brother—I don't know Mr. Johnson—I have heard speak of him, as sending her money at various times—she is married—her husband is abroad.





GEORGE WESTON
. I took her into custody, and have had the watch ever since.





JAMES MONKHOUSE
. This is my property.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
