





First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
2474. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MOODY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October
, 1 dial, value 4l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Michael Smith 
                           Parnther
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 umbrella, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward Breese 
                           Robinson
                        



.


                  THOMAS 
                  DEVEY
               



            . I am constable of Aldgate ward. On Friday, the 12th of October, I observed the street door of Mr. Parnther's house, in Old London-street


, ajar; very great violence had been used to break it open; I found no one on the premises, but I found a candle and a match there - there was the appearance of a place where a dial had been; the mortar was quite fresh where it appeared to have been torn from the wall; I found a peg in the back office, on the floor, which appeared to fit a part of the dial-stand.


                  RICHARD 
                  BAYLIS
               



             (Police-constable G 64.) At nine o'clock on the night of the 12th of October, I sawthe prisoner go into the door of a shop, in Portpool-lane, carrying this dial under his left arm, and this umbrella in his right hand - he went into Mrs. Brown's - he set the dial and umbrella down; Mr. Cole was in the shop; he came out, and then the prisoner said, "Mistress, I think I have something here that will suit you;" she said, "I don't want to have any thing to do with it;" I went into the shop, and said, "George, what are you going to do with the ticker?" he said, "I know nothing about it" - I called in my serjeant and brother officers; as we were taking him down Portpool-lane - he put his hand into his left-hand pocket, pulled out a phosphorusbox, and dropped it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What was it you called that clock, a ticker? A. I meant this dial - I was close to the shop door, but his back was towards me- I waited to see if the woman bought them - we did not take her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARTON
               



            . I am a Police-serjeant. Bailey's evidence is correct, but I did not hear the conversation- when I went in the prisoner had his back to the door, and the dial was on the counter.


                  JOHN 
                  HAVERSON
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Michael Smith Parnther. This dial is his property - I have the key; it was on his premises, No. 12, London-street - this umbrella is the property of Edward Breese Robinson, who is his clerk; I left the premises about six o'clock that evening, and shut the door, as usual - no one slept there: the next morning I missed the dial and umbrella - I had seen two or three fellows lurking about, and I believe the prisoner was one.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
