






679. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of January

, 4 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Shore
                        



                     
                  , from his person
            ; and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     FORGE
                  



was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SHORE
               



            . I am an old soldier
. On the 20th of January, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day, I went with two comrades to have a pot of beer, at the Coach and Horses, Ratcliff-highway



, and we had a quartern of gin - both the prisoners were in the house; they afterwards came to the same box as I sat - they stood at the end of the table; Thompson wanted to toss for a quartern of gin - I told her to quit the box; we drank our beer, and my two comrades went out, leaving me there -Thompson came and asked me again; I said I would not toss - I pulled out 1s., and gave her to fetch a quartern of Old-Tom - she brought a quartern, and gave me the change - we drank it together, they standing up, but I sat down - neither of them sat by me; we then had some gin and beer, mixed, and all three came out of the room together - I turned down the steps into the yard, away from them; Thompson came jumping after me into the yard, while I had my clothes down for a certain purpose; she thrust her hand into my pocket, took out my four sovereigns, knocked my hat off, and away she ran up the steps - Forge was not by when this was done; I went to several public-houses, and in about half an hour found Forge at the Bunch of Grapes, changing a sovereign to pay for gin - Thompson was in the tap-room, four or five paces from her; I called in two officers, and pointed them out - my sovereigns were not found.
Thompson. Q. Did you not ask where we lived, and go home with us? A. No such thing; I did not offer to buy a pair of shoes, nor tell you to go to the Grapes; I was perfectly sensible, and am certain the money was in my pocket after my comrades left me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHEELER
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoners by Shore's direction - he said Thompson had taken his four sovereigns; I found one sovereign at the house, but none on either of them - I only found 2s. 7d. on Thompson - the prosecutor did not appear intoxicated, for he pointed them out from four women.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POUNCEBY
               



            . I am a waiter at the Coach and Horses. The prosecutor came in there alone - two persons were sitting there, who were acquainted with him; they staid there till after he went out - Shore went out, and the prisoners, one on each side of him; I do not know what passed afterwards - the prisoners had both sat down in the box, and one of them got up and said to the other, "He has got a sovereign;" Thompson said to him, "I have got 2s., if you will give me 4s. to buy a pair of boots;" he made no answer; he said neither of them should pay for any thing - he would pay himself, and did so.
Thompson's Defence. I am innocent.
Forge's Defence. The sovereign a friend gave me in the morning; Shore sent to say if I would make up the money he would not appear; he boasts of having transported five more.
THOMAS SHORE. I never intimated that I would not prosecute if they paid me money - a woman proposed it, but I refused.
THOMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FORGE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
