





165. 
               
                  
                     MARTIN 
                     MOSS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of October
, 2 coats, value 1l. 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Udall
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  UDALL
               



            . I am an upholsterer and auctioneer
. On the 25th of October I was in my gig in Chiswell-street


 - I stopped there between six and seven o'clock in the evening - I left my two coats in the gig, and told a boy to mind it - I was absent half an hour, and when I returned I found the boy standing with his back to the gig, and the coats were gone - the prisoner was apprehended immediately, but I know nothing of him; I have never seen the coats since - my gig was opposite to No. 16 - I had called at our printer's - one was a drab coat, and one brown.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Is the boy here? A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PITTAL
               



            . I am a printer; I work at No. 16, Chiswell-street. I was there between half-past six and seven o'clock on this evening; I saw the prosecutor's gig there, about a quarter of an hour before the robbery, and a boy in care of it; I left the office to get some bills which the prosecutor was waiting for, and as I returned, I saw the prisoner take the coats from the gig; I at first thought him to be the prosecutor, and I went up to him to give him the bills, but just as I was going to speak to him, he gave them to another man, who ran off with them - I swear the prisoner took them - he walked off; I left my bills at Mr. Hawkins's; I followed, and gave him into custody in Type-street.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not notice the coats at first? A. No - I first saw the prisoner about six yards from the gate; I only lost sight of him while I left the bills at the shop - I followed him a hundred yards or more - he made no attempt to escape, but expressed his surprise.


                  JAMES 
                  CONNOR
               



             (Police-constable G 138). I took the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going home, and heard the witness call Police! - I might have escaped; I was walking gently - I made no resistance.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
