



2288. 




GUSTAR KISSLER
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Samuel Carter, on the 
20th of October, at 
St. Peter-le-Poor, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 coat, value 12s.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; and 1 brooch, value 3s.; his property.






SAMUEL CARTER
. I occupy the attic and basement of a house belonging to the executors of the late George Roberts, in the parish of St. Peterle-Poor—I have the care of the whole house—it is let out in offices—I pay 10l. a year for my part, and have a separate door. On Saturday, the 20th of October, about a quarter after two o'clock in the day, I was going up stairs to dress myself—when I came to my bed-room door, which is the front attic, I put the key in, and it appeared to unlock as usual, but would not open—I pushed it at last very hard, and forced my way in to the room—I found the prisoner standing against the door inside—I immediately collared him, rang a bell, and held him till assistance came, and secured him—I found a pocket-handkerchief spread on the floor, with my coat and waistcoat laid on it, which had hung on a chair before—I missed a brooch off the cushion on the table, which the policeman found in the prisoner's pocket-book—two hat-boxes in the room had been opened, but the hats were not taken—every thing in the room appeared to have been looked at and uncovered—several articles on the top of a chest of drawers, a bread-basket and knife-tray were taken down and placed on the floor, and a paper containing knives was torn—there was a bundle of house-breaking instruments found on a table, near the book-case.





JOHN GWYNNE
, City policeman, No. 13. I was sent for to the attic of the house, No. 1, Warnford-court, and found the prisoner there, and in his coat-pocket I found a pocket-book, in which was a brooch, which Mr. Carter claimed—in his waistcoat-pocket I found five keys; and in a paper on a table in the room, six keys, two chisels, and a gimlet.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I went into this house to ask for a German merchant named Shindler—I asked a man on the first floor, and he said, "Go up stairs, and ask for his name"—I went up, and on the second stairs I found a gold brooch—I went up, and found the room open—the gentleman came in and found me there.




GUILTY
.* Aged 36.—


Transported for Ten Years.
