





1504. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of September
, 28 yards of printed cotton, value 28s., and 28 yards of calico, value 14s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Miles
                        




                     
                   and another, his masters
            .


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am in partnership with Henry Miles - we are upholsterers and furniture-makers
 in Oxford-street. The prisoner was in our employ for six months, and on the 9th of September he was sent to fix a bed-furniture and window-curtains in Wardour-street


; while he was gone, I received information from Cooper - I went to the house where the prisoner was, and found him there - he appeared very much agitated; I turned back the furniture, and in a corner I found a piece of chintz and a piece of lining under the parcel he had been sent out with - I asked him what brought them there; he said he did not know - I accused him with the robbery; he at first denied it, and then said it was to pay a debt, and he meant to return them - I said I thought it was very ungrateful for a man who had been employed so long, and had full wages, to act so - he begged we would not hurt him; I got an officer - he told the officer it was the first thing he had done, and he hoped we would not hurt him.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you any other partner? A. No; the prisoner had been six months with us - he was sent by the society of upholsterers, and we did not suspect him; he has a wife and one child.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am porter to the prosecutors. - On the 9th of September Mr. Edwards gave me orders to trim a four-post bedstead in Wardour-street; the forewoman looked out the articles, and gave them to the prisoner to tie up; I watched him - he did not tie them up; I was called up stairs, and when I came down the prisoner had taken them off the table, and said they were ready to go and he would take them - I said I was porter, and I would- I took them, and found the prisoner at the door; he said he would take them up stairs - I said No, I would; I took them up, and he told me to leave the wrapper, and he would bring it home; I said I wanted it - he told me to untie the bedstead, and he would untie the bundle; he then said he had left his scissars, and told me to go and borrow a knife - I found a carpenter on the premises; I borrowed a chisel of him - I then went up, and saw the prisoner hiding these articles; I went home and told my master.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I was sent for, and found the prisoner at No. 105, Wardour-street - he said it was his first offence, and he hoped his master would forgive him.
Prisoner's Defence. The two remnants of drugget I had put into my bag to take to the shop the night before, and when I went to fix this furniture they were left in the bag, and were taken; these remnants are my own, which I had left when I was in business - these papers of tacks are mine.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
