





Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
1383. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  EGAN
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Oliver 
                        Manson
                     



                  , on the 14th of May
, and stealing 5 pairs of trousers, value 5s.; 2 waistcoats, value 1s., and 1 coat, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     McCarthy
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  McCARTHY
               



            . I live in Monmouth-street


, in the kitchen; Oliver Manson is the landlord - he does not live in the house, but on the other side of the street; I believe it is let out in tenements. On the 14th of June, about eight o'clock at night, I went out to sell some apparel - I locked my door; I came home at half-past one o'clock in the morning, and as I came along the back passage, I found a lot of things under my feet - I had entered at the back door, which was locked when I went out, but I found it broken open; I found under my feet some coats, waistcoats, and trousers - four times as many as are here; I had left some of them hanging on lines in the kitchen, but more on shelves - I proceeded into my kitchen, and said, "Who is here?" the prisoner answered,"It is me, John, that has come in before you;" he had worked in my place at the tayloring business for the last six months, but had no business there then - he had left work about seven o'clock, and was to come again on the Monday; I sang out to Sellers, who lives in the shop over me, that there was a thief in my kitchen - Sellers came down, undressed; a light was procured - he told me to take care of the prisoner, while he fetched a constable, but while he was gone, the prisoner escaped out of the front door; I knew his voice very well when he spoke - Sellers and the constable came to my place; they went in pursuit, and took him at the bottom of Monmouth-street - he had got in by forcing the staple out of the door; the constable has eight of the articles found in the passage -I am sure they are mine, and that they were in the kitchen when I went out that night.
Prisoner. Q.Was I drunk or sober? A. To the best of my knowledge he was not drunk; I took the things into the kitchen before the constable came, but part of them were outside when Sellers came.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a Policeman. I went with Sellers at half-past one o'clock in the morning, to look after the prisoner, and found him about thirty yards from the prosecutor's door, among a crowd of people - he said,"What do you take me for?" I said, "On a charge of breaking open McCarthy's door;" he told me he knew that - when he came out, he said he would do for Sellers, McCarthy, and us, and that he would serve us out; I took him to the watch-house, and returned to McCarthy's - I found the greatest confusion in his room, and a quantity of clothes in the passage; I have brought five pairs of trousers, two waistcoats, and a coat here.
Prisoner. Q.Was I drunk or sober? A. I cannot say he was drunk - he walked steady to the watch-house.(Property produced and sworn to.)
- SELLERS. I rent the shop and parlour in this house. The prosecutor called me - I went down, and saw the prisoner there; I am certain he is the man -I knew him before; I had a light, and heard what he said to the prosecutor - when I came back he was gone.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in liquor, and did not know what I was doing.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
