



350. 




BENJAMIN LAMBDEN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of November, I sheep, price 25s., the property of 



Sir William Charles Ellis, knight. 2nd COUNT,. For killing the said sheep, with intent to steal the carcase.






DAVID GAGE
. I am bailiff to Sir William Charles Ellis, who lives at Southall, in Middlesex. He has sheep on his premises, which I have the care of—on the 30th of November, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I took a walk round the premises, and in the park I saw a man under the hedge, stooping down—I supposed him to be tying up a bundle of wood, but he remained in the same position for four or five minutes—I looked round and counted the sheep, and found one short—I went back to the house, took two more men with me, and went up to the spot—I found the prisoner with a sheep, killed, and he had partly skinned it, all, except a little part on the neck and loins—I think he had not above a foot to do—he had cut the two legs and two shoulders off and the pluck, and tied it up in a handkerchief—he had taken the rough fat out and put it into another handkerchief, by the side—I collared him, and told him to deliver up the knife—he would not—we then threw him down, and forced the knife from him—we took him into the housekeeper's room, and gave him in charge—the sheep belonged to Sir William Charles Ellis—it had a large E on it, and a cross on the rump—I had marked it myself, about a fortnight or three weeks before—I had counted the sheep two hours before—at that time there were nineteen—I counted them afterwards, and there were but eighteen—this was one of the nineteen.





ROBERT WRIGHT
. I am in the employ of Sir William Charles Ellis. I went with Gage and saw the prisoner in the act of skinning the sheep under a hedge, in my master's park—I assisted in securing him—he made a great resistance, and had a knife in his hand—he cut me in the thumb of my right hand, and on the left hand—Gage at last got the knife from him—this happened close to my master's house.





WILLIAM WARBY
. I am a constable of Norwood, which is four or five hundred yards from Sir William Ellis's. On the night of the 30th of November, about half-past sevtn o'clock, I was sent for, and went there—the prisoner was given into my custody for killing a sheep—I took him into custody, and delivered him to Chilton, at the cage at Han well—I have the knife which Gage gave me.





WILLIAM CHILTON
. I am a butcher, and a constable of Hanwell. The prisoner was delivered into my charge on the 30th of November, at a quarter to eight o'cldck, by Warby—I locked him up in the cage—I then went with Warby to Sir William Ellis's, and was shown the skin of a sheep—I matched a leg of mutton shown to me by Gage, with the skin, and can say that it

came out of that skin—I said to the prisoner, in going down to the cage, that he must be a novice to begin so early in the evening—he said, "I am sorry that I have done it now"—I did not hold out any promise or threat to him.





DAVID GAGE
. re-examined. I can swear this is the knife I took from the prisoner—I gave it to Warby—I showed the leg of mutton to Chilton, and saw him compare it with the skin—it belonged to the skin which is here—here is the E on the skin—it is the skin of my master's sheep.

Prisoners Defence. I was at home at my lodging at three o'clock in the afternoon—I put this knife in my pocket, and walked down to Hanwell—there was a piece of. work going on there at the railroad—I stopped there till night, and went and asked for work—I did not get any, and after the men went home, I was going home—I saw the sheep in the meadow, over the rails—I was on the railroad—I went over—the sheep was tied with the two left feet together—it was cut down the middle, and across the thigh, but it was not cut much—it was not dead—I cut it, and it was dead then—I had a good mind to cut the head off, and take it home, but I did not—there were policemen on the railroad, and I did not know what to do—I carried it across the meadow, and laid it under the hedge, and cut it up—I skinned it first—I then took the inside out, took the fat off, took the liver from it, and put it in a handkerchief—the witnesses came to me, and took roe by the throat, and dragged me along—I struggled, as well as I could, and said, "What are you going to do with me?"—they said, "We will transport you"—I had taken my knife in my pocket when I left home, being determined to have a turnip, or something to eat, but did not get it, and found the sheep in that state.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
