



141. 




KATHERINE HILLIER
 was indicted

 that she, on the 
9th of October, at 
St. James's, Clerkenwell, feloniously did forge a certain bill of exchange, which is as follows:—"London, September the 20th, 1834. To Messrs. Drummonds, London. Fourteen days after date, pay to this my order, the sum of 463l. 14s. value received. Stradbroke. 463l. 14s." with intent to defraud 



Henry Drummond and others.—2nd COUNT. For feloniously uttering, disposing of, and putting off a like forged bill of exchange, with a like intent.—3rd and 4th COUNTS. For forging and uttering a forged indorsement in the name of "Stradbroke."—Four other COUNTS. The same as the first four, only stating the intent to be to defraud 




John Edward Cornwallis, Earl of Stradbroke. Other Counts, varying the manner of laying the charge.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
LEE
conducted the prosecution.





THOMAS OLIVER
. I am clerk to Henry Drummond and others (looking at a letter.) On Thursday, the 9th of October, I received this letter

the course of business—it is a part of my duty to open letters of business addressed to the firm—I did so on this occasion, and found this letter contained the bill of exchange I now hold in my hand—Lord Stradbroke kept an account at our house at that time—I was familiar with his handwriting—this letter (looking at one) was sent by order of the house—after reading the bill and letter, I handed it over to Mr. Rush.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Has Mr. Drummond any other name than Henry? A. No—I am well acquainted with Lord Stradbroke's writing—the signature to the bill does not in the least resemble his writing.





DANIEL FORRESTER
. I am a City officer. On the 9th of October I was called in by the solicitor for the prosecution—I put such a letter at this into the general post, and left town for Weymouth the same night by the mail—next day I went to the house of Williams and Co., at Weymouth—I was in a back room adjoining the counting-house—I saw the prisoner there—I did not see her come in—I came from the back room into the front office, and the prisoner was writing this receipt (looking at it)—she wrote nearly the whole of it in my presence—when she had finished writing it, I took it from her, and asked her if that signature was her name—she answered, "Yes"—I said, "How will you take it?"—she said, "In Bank of England paper, if you have got it"—I said, "I must trouble you to step into the back room, as I wish to ask you a question or two"—she said, "I hope there is nothing amiss"—I produced the letter in one hand, and the draft in the other—this is the document I speak of, (No. 1.) and this was the draft—I showed the letter and bill to her—she pointed to the letter, and said, "That is my handwriting,"—the face of the draft was towards her—she pointed to me to turn it, which I did, and she said, "That is my handwriting," alluding to the indorsement: I think I have gone rather too fast—as soon as I got her into the back room, I said, "You are not bound to answer me any questions unless you please; it will either be used for or against you"—that was before I asked her a question.

Q. On your producing the letter and bill, did she state what you have said without your asking her the question? A. Yes; she said it was her handwriting—I held the bill in my hand—she pointed to the indorsement, "C. Hillier," and said it was her handwriting—when she said, "that is my handwriting," she referred to the "C. Hillier," on the back—she said, "I can only speak the truth"—I then told her I understood the signature purporting to be Lord Stradbroke's was a forgery—she said the had taken it of an agent in France, and that Lord Stradbroke was not personally known to her—I asked her in what part of France—she said, "Nantz"—I asked her the name of the agent—she said, "Percy"—I asked her when she took it—she said, "On the 16th of this month"—I said, "The 16th of this month has not arrived yet," and she said, "It was the 16th of last month"—I said, "September?" she said, "Yes, the 16th, I left on the 18th"—the said, "I took it in a money transaction for some pictures," or, "in a picture transaction"—I do not recollect which she said—after this I went with her to Augusta-place, into two rooms there—she brought away a carpet bag, a trunk, and basket, containing wearing apparel and other things—I kept the trunk, and she had the key in her possession—there was a purse in her trunk, but nothing important—I found this piece of blotting-paper in the trunk, of which I took possession, and which she kept the key of—in consequence of a mark on the paper of the first letter

I went to Mr. Thomas, a stationer at Weymouth, and made inquiry there—I found some paper corresponding with that in the trunk—there was some marked "Thomas, Weymouth"—here is the whole of the paper found in the trunk—it bears the same impression in the corner as the paper—the letter is written on, "Thomas, Weymouth"—it was in the same trunk.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You have put your inittials on each sheet? A. I did so—I made a memorandum of my conversation with her shortly after, and have it here (producing it)—I have not made my statement of the conversation independent of that memorandum—I certainly have looked at it since—I made the memorandum in order that I might be more accurate—I cannot say now whether I made it on the Sunday or Monday—the conversation passed on the Friday—I have not seen Norton, a confectioner, here—I did not ask whether more persons lodged in Augusta-place besides the prisoner—there might have been and, I should think, there were—I saw persons in a room up stairs.





ESAU VIVIAN
. I am a clerk in the banking-house of Messrs. Williams, of Weymouth. On the morning of Friday, the 10th of October, about one o'clock, or half-past one, I saw the prisoner there—she said she had a letter from Messrs. Drummond, the bankers, and inquired if we had received any instructions to pay her some money—I do not know whether she produced a letter to me—this letter (No. 2) was produced to me in the course of the morning, before she left the office—on her making the inquiry, I said we had received instructions respecting the payment of some money—I inquired if she was furnished with a receipt for the amount—I do not recollect whether she stated the amount—she said, "No," she was not furnished with one—I said it was necessary she should write a receipt, which must be on a stamp—she said, "Perhaps I had better get a stamp then, and bring a receipt," and immediately inquired whether we kept stamps—I produced this stamp (looking at one) and she filled it up—this is what she wrote on that occasion—in consequence of something I said while she was writing the receipt, Forrester was introduced into the office—immediately she began to write, I had him brought in.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know whether Lord Stradbroke if in the habit of purchasing pictures abroad? A. I do not.





WILLIAM THOMAS
. I am a stationer, living at Weymouth, and a subdistributor of stamps. In October last, I saw the prisoner several times, five or six days—on Tuesday, the 7th of October, I sold her a 6s. bill stamp, with some writing paper and blotting paper (looking at the letter and some sheets of paper)—I have every reason to believe this is the same paper—each sheet bears my stamp, but I keep a large stock of it—she had them all at the same time—she first asked for the stamp, and then for the paper.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you any means of confirming your recollection of the day you sold her the stamp and paper? A. Yes, I have not a book, but a cheque list, which I keep in my till—I have not got it with me—we do not preserve them—the list would strengthen my memory as to the date and amount of the stamp—my business is very large—I could not tell how many stamps I sold on that day, by reference to my book—very likely I told a good many—two days elapsed between the time of selling the stamp and Forrester's coming to me—my memory is perfectly clear as to the transaction.





WILLIAM RUSH
. I have compared the figures in the bill with an impression on the blotting paper—I have not the least hesitation in saying,

that they are the same—I have examined them with a glass—I compared the bill and blotting paper, and have not the least hesitation in saying, the marks on the blotting paper correspond with the bill—the bill has been dried on the blotting paper—there are more than two partners in our firm.





THE RIGHT HON. JOHN EDWARD CORNWALLIS, EARL STRADBROKE
. In October last I kept a cash account at Messrs. Drummond's. I am not in the habit of drawing bills of this sort on them.

Q. Is the signature to that bill and the indorsement, in your handwriting? A. They are not; nor are they like it—it was not done by my authority or knowleged in any way whatever—I do not know a person named percy—I never had a picture transaction on the Continent.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you any knowledge of the prisoner? A. I never heard of her—I have no knowledge of her whatever.
The following are the letters read in evidence.
No. 1.—"To Messrs. Drummond, Charing-cross." "Weymouth, 8th October, 1834.—Gentlemen, I shall feel much obliged by your remitting me the enclosed amount by return of post.—Yours, &c. C. HILLIER."—Addressed to "Mrs. Hiller, 9, Augusta-place, Weymouth."
"Messrs. Drummond, London, 20th September, 1834.—Fourteen Days after Date, Pay to this, my Order, the sum of £463 14s., value received.—STRADBROKE."—Indorsed, "STRADBROKE and C. HILLYER."

No. 2.—"To Mrs. Hiller, 9, Augusta-place."—"London, 9th October, 1834.—Madam, We have received the favour of your letter of the 8th inst., inclosing a bill on us of £463 14s. In reply, if you will call on Messrs. Williams & Co., bankers, Weymouth, they will have advice respecting the payment of the same.—For Drummond and Co., WILLIAM RUSH."

(The prisoner deliverd in the written defence, stating, that during the revolution at Brussels, in 1830, she had purchased, at a reasonable price, a quantity of pictures of a gentleman residing there, who was hastily leaving the town—that in the summer of last year, while at the gallery of the Louvre, at Paris, taking a sketch, she was accosted by a man of gentlemanly manners, who stated himself to be collecting pictures for several noblemen, mentioning Lord Stradbroke among others—that he finally agreed to purchase the whole she had; and, ultimately, paid her the draft in question—that the following month she came to Weymouth, and forwarded the draft to Messrs. Drummond's—she declared her innocence, of which she contended the open manner she had acted was a proof.)




GUILTY of uttering. Aged 46.—


Transported for Life.

Second Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
