



2796. 




MARY FOLEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of October, 1 shawl, value 5s., the goods of 



William Cotterell.






WILLIAM COTTERELL
. On the 1st of October the prisoner came to my shop after a bonnet, for which a companion who was with her paid 1s.—while my wife was wiring the bonnet this shawl was lying on the counter, and the prisoner, by some means, put it up her petticoats—she went away missed the shawl, and went to the corner of George-street, St. Giles's—a young man gave me some information, and I went to Mr. Lowthers, a pawnbroker, in Tottenham Court-road—I there found the prisoner, her companion, and the shawl—I said to Mr. Lowther's young man, in their presence, "That shawl is my property, and the parties are my prisoners; in you will be kind enough to send for a policeman, you will oblige me"—he said he could not—I was obliged to take the shawl under my arm, and prisoner and her companion one in each hand—when we got to the corner of Han way-yard they both pitched into me and fought me—I was obliged to let the other one go, or I should have got my eyes torn out—I took the

prisoner as far as St. Giles's church, where I met the officer—this is my daughter's shawl—I have no mark on it, but I think it is my daughter's—she is nineteen years old, and lives with me—she bought and paid for it out of her earnings—she had been in service away from me, but had been at home about a week when this happened—the shawl was under the custody and guardianship of my house.





CHARLES HOOD
. I am shopman to Mr. Lowther, of Tottenham Court-road. About half-past one o'clock, on the 1st of October, the prisoner and another girl came and offered this shawl in pledge—I could not swear which offered it, but I believe it was the prisoner—the witness came, in a very violent manner, and said, "That is mine"—I gave it him—he said, "Send out for an officer"—I said I had nothing more to do with it, and he said he would take them himself.

Prisoner's Defence. I went with the young woman to get her bonnet, when we got out she called me to go with her to pawn the shawl—I never saw it till she put it on the counter.




GUILTY
.* Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
