



1983. 




WILLIAM HILLIAR
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
19th of May, at 
Fulham, 2 sheets, value 1l.; 1 cloak, value 12s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 12s.; 1 pair of breeches, value 12s.; 1 coat, value 1l. 10s.; and 1 jacket, value 1l. 14s.; the goods of 



Edward Baxter, in his dwelling house.






EDWARD BAXTER
. I am a cowkeeper, and keep a house at Northend, Fulham. On the 19th of May a lad, named Shorter, who was in my employ, left me, without any notice—I had before that the property stated in the indictment in my box—I left home that morning, with ray milk, about seven o'clock-Shorter had the key of the front gate, and the key of that gate fitted the stable—he had the key of the house—I returned about nine o'clock, and found my box broken open, and my things gone, and Shorter also—the house door was left open, and the gate locked—(looking at some things)—these are part of the things I lost—the value of them all was 6l. nearly—I am sure it was above 5l.—I know the prisoner—I had seen him the day before, the 18th, with Shorter, but never again till he was at the station-house, three or four months afterwards—I knew him as having seen him with Shorter on the 18th in the field.

Cross-examined by
MR. KEENE. Q. Was he dressed the same at the station-house? A. No—he had brown clothes on, and the day before the robbery he had a cap and a brown long coat—he was with my boy, and I asked him what he did there—he said he had no work to do, and had no victuals, and was in great distress—I carried my boy a good breakfast, and he gave him part of it—Shorter is a short, thick, old-fashioned looking fellow, quite a lost lad, and he has rather a scabby face—I can identify all the property here—it is not all I lost—I should value this at about 30s.





SARAH BROWN
. I am the wife of John Brown, and live at Northend, Fulham. On Saturday morning, the 19th of May, about half-past eight o'clock, as I was returning from my husband's breakfast, the prisoner came out of the alley, with a bundle under his arm—it looked like clothes pinned up—he turned round, whistled down the alley, and Shorter followed after him, with another bundle under his arm—they both joined together, and went towards Hammersmith.





DANIEL BAXTER FOLKARD
. I am assistant to my father, who is a pawn-broker, at Brentford—I produce a pair of breeches and a pair of trowsers which were pawned on the 19th of May, for 3s.—I have not a doubt it was the prisoner, but I will not swear to him—they were pawned in the name of Edward Baxter, lodger, by his son.

Cross-examined. Q. You are not certain it was the prisoner? A. I have not a doubt of it—I could not swear to him—I told the policeman I recollected a little spot on his face—I do not see that now.





JOHN RADFORD
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner—I asked Folkard if he knew the prisoner—he told me he had no doubt it was him.


Cross-examined. Q. Did he say he recognised him in consequence of his having a mark on his face? A. No; to the best of my knowledge he did not—he said he was marked with the small-pox—that is all I recollect—he said he knew his features by that.

COURT. Q. Did you find any money on him? A. 8l. 18s. 1 1/2 d.




GUILTY of stealing to the value of 80s. only.*Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
