



2113. 




WILLIAM HICKEN, alias
 Guest

, was indicted

 for feloniously uttering a counterfeit half-crown, having been previously convicted of a like offence.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of William Hicken, together with one John Turner, tried at Canterbury July Sessions, 1836—this I have examined with the original record in the office of the Town-clerk—it is a true copy—(read)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person who was convicted.





MICHAEL MERRIGAN
. I keep a beer-shop in Harper-street, Lambeth. On the 9th of August, about half-past three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to my house, and asked for a glass of ale—I served him—he asked for another, and produced a half-crown from his pocket after drinking part of the second glass—it came to four pence—I told him I considered it was not a good one—he said he thought it was, but he had another he would give me—he produced another from the same pocket, which I considered good, and took it—my brother, who is a policeman, was in the house, and he came down before I parted with the bad half-crown—by his advice I kept it, and gave the prisoner into custody—he asked why I detained him when he was disposed to pay me—I marked the half-a-crown, and gave it to my brother—I asked the prisoner if he had any more coin—he said he had another half-crown, and produced it—I kept the good one till he came to Union Hall, and then received fourpence, and when he was discharged, gave it to him.

Prisoner. He took the half-crown, and showed it round to different people in the tap-room before he called his brother down. Witness. I did not let it go out of my hand—I am certain the one I gave my brother was the first the prisoner gave me.





EDWARD MERRIGAN
. I took the prisoner into custody at my brother's house and took him to the Police-office—he was discharged—my brother gave me a bad half-crown—I gave it to Mr. Field, who afterwards returned it to me—I have it here.





CHARLES FREDERICK FIELD
. I am an inspector of police. I returned Merrigan the same half-crown he delivered to me—his brother had marked it in my presence.





WILLIAM FARQUHAR
. I am a chandler, and live in the Old Mint, in the Tower. On the 11th of August, the prisoner came to my shop, and asked for two biscuits, which came to twopence—I served him, and he gave me a half-crown—I looked at it, and discovered it to be bad directly—I told him so—he said he did not know that it was—I sent for a watchman, and gave him into custody—I marked the half-crown on both sides before them, and gave it to Navin.






JOHN NAVIN
. I took the prisoner into custody, and received a half-crown from Farquhar, which I produce—I searched the prisoner at the station-house, and found five farthings on him—he had a good half-crown, which he gave me before I searched him.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to Her Majesty's Mint. Both these half-crowns are counterfeit in every respect.

Prisoner's Defence. I went into the first house and asked for a glass of ale, and tendered a good half-crown—he took it to the tap-room and it was handed round the room, during which time it was changed and a bad one produced in its place—the character of the house is bad—it is frequented by people of the worst description—as regards the case in the Tower, I tendered the half-crown not knowing it to be bad, and must have taken it for work during the day—I offered to change it, which they refused—the landlord used very bad and abusive language to me—he received my other half-crown, and said he would keep them both.




GUILTY
. Aged 39.—


Transported for Life.
