





OLD COURT. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 18.
First Middlesex Jury.
Before Lord Chief Justice Tyndale.
2218. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Allnutt
                        




                     
                  , on the 28th of September
, and stealing therein 3 pairs of boot-hooks, value 9s., the goods of the said William Allnutt and another
            .


                  JAMES 
                  KINNERSLY
               



             (Police-constable C 30). On Friday, the 28th of September, about eight o'clock in the evening, in consequence of information from a lad, I went towards the shop of Mr. Allnutt, in Piccadilly


, and saw the prisoner and two others close to the shop window - I was on the opposite side of the way, with another constable; I saw the prisoner and another look in at the shop door, which was open - the window was very dark; there was no gas-light near the shop - I then saw them cross to the other side, and a third person followed them; they came between the coaches on the rank to the side where I was - I then took notice of the prisoner and his companion, being close to them; they all three joined and walked towards Regent-street - I left my brother officer to keep them in sight while I crossed to Allnutt's shop; I looked at the window, but did not observe any thing, as it was very dark - I went after my brother officer, and he had lost sight of the prisoner; we returned to the shop, examined the window further, and found a square of glass broken close to where I had seen the prisoner standing; I went in, and saw Mr. Allnutt, Jun. - they missed nothing, as there were so many articles in the window; I went to the station in Vine-street, Piccadilly, mentioned the circumstance, and described the prisoner - next morning Stone and I went to the shop; Mr. Allnutt, Jun. said some boot-hooks were gone - Stone produced some to him; I then went to the watch-house with Stone, and recognized the prisoner as one of the three I had seen the previous evening; I am quite certain of him; it was very light where he crossed over - he denied being the person; Stone kept the boot-hooks.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. The only opportunity you had of observing them was when they crossed over? A. Yes; they came very close to me - it was not a very dark night, but it was dark about the shop - he crossed right opposite a large doctor's shop, which has a gas-light; I had my Police dress on - I stood by Lord Wellington's wall: I immediately went to see if the window was cut, in consequence of the information I received from the boy, but could see nothing the matter with it - I returned in about five minutes, but had not taken so much notice the first time; I had run as far as George-court, which took me about five minutes - after examining the window the first time, I went into the shop, and saw Mr. Allnutt, Jun.; it is a large double fronted shop - I do not know whether any body else was in the shop - I called Mr. Allnutt's attention to the window, and ran off directly, without waiting to see him examine it - I did not examine so minutely, being in a hurry to cross after the prisoner; I think I should know the one who crossed with the prisoner.


                  HENRY 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a serjeant of the Police. On the 28th of September, about half-past ten o'clock at night. I saw the prisoner and another man in company with two females, in Whitcomb-street, St. James' - they were standing under a gas-lamp, all looking at a pair of ivory boot-hooks; when they saw me they all walked away together - I followed them to the bottom of Whitcomb-street; the prisoner and one of the females crossed towards Charing-cross; I lost sight of the others; I met Stone, a Policeman, and we followed them into Parliament-street, there stopped the prisoner, and asked if he had any boot-hooks - he said Yes; he pulled a pair out of his coat pocket - it was not the pair I had seen in his hand; I told Stone to search him - he found two more pair in his coat pocket; I asked how he came by them - he said he was the manufacturer of them; and afterwards said he was a dealer in the article, and afterwards, that he was an ivory-turner; we took him to Gardener's-lane station, and searched, but found nothing more on him: we then took him to the station in Vine-street, and in the morning, found Mr. Allnutt's window had been cut.
Cross-examined. Q. You have told us all that passed? A. Yes; Stone was present - he said at last, when I got him to the station, that he bought them at the Black Horse public-house, of a person who was a manufacturer and dealer - I do not recollect his desiring me at first to take him to the Black Horse to find the man - I will not swear he did not; we passed the Black Horse with him; I walked a dozen yards behind with the female; I did not refuse to let him go in - I took him to the nearest station - the inspector did not refuse to take the charge, but as Stone said a window was cut in Piccadilly, he said he thought we had better take him to a nearer station.
Q. On your oath, did he not produce all the boot-hooks to you? A. I cannot say, for Stone searched him; he produced one pair, which I saw - I turned aside to the female while Stone was searching; he did not produce the whole pair at once - it was a black pair.


                  GEORGE 
                  STONE
               



            . I am a Policeman. About a quarter to eleven o'clock on this night I was in Parliament-street, and saw the prisoner; the serjeant had given me information - I asked the prisoner if he had any boot-hooks about him; he said he had - I asked him to let me look at them; he pulled one pair out of his coat pocket; I then felt his pockets, and said, "Have not you got some more here?" he said Yes, I have, and pulled out another pair, with a white handle - I asked if he had any more; he made no answer; I felt his coat pocket again, and another pair rattled - I said, "Let me look at all you have about you, for I shall be sure to find them," and then he pulled out another pair - I asked where he got them; he said he was the manufacturer, and hawked them round at different places; then he said he was an ivory-turner, and made them himself; we took him to the station, in Gardener's-lane, and afterwards to Vine-street - when he got there he said he had bought them of a man at the Black Horse, in the Haymarket; I asked if he should know the man if he saw him again; he said No, he should not, he was an entire stranger to him, and he never saw him before in his life; I asked if he bought them in the tap-room or the bar; he said No, just outside the door.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you heard Harris examined? A. Yes; he is not my serjeant - I stated thisconversation before the Magistrate; I am sure it was at the station that he said he bought them at the Black Horse - he never asked to go to the Black Horse; I told him to come with me, and point out the man; I offered to go with him - he said he did not know the man, he was a perfect stranger; I will not be certain whether I told the Magistrate this: the boot-hooks were all in one pocket - when I asked if he had such things, he produced them: I took them from his hand; I walked to the station with him - there was nobody else with us; he never said he could point out the person at the Black Horse.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMART
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Allnutt, of Piccadilly. On the night in question I left the shop at seven o'clock; all the windows were safe then, and none broken - when I came to the shop at eight in the morning I found a corner pane of glass broken, and these three pairs of boothooks, which had hung in a corner close to the square when I left, were gone - those produced are the same; I know them all by a private mark on them.
Cross-examined. Q. Before you missed them had you been told they were lost? A. No; I had hung them there myself; the glass was broken right across the centre, and a hole made sufficient to put a hand in, and get them - we have a lamp in the shop, near the window, every night; the hole could easily be seen outside - it depends on how a person looks; the dwelling-house is Mr. Allnutt's; the property belongs to 
               
                  William 
                  Allnutt
               



             and his son, who is his partner - the house belongs to the father; I do not know whether the rent is paid by the firm - the father sometimes lives at Hammersmith, and sometimes in town; the son's name is Henry; the father and his family sleep at Hammersmith - the son is married; his wife and family live in the house.
Prisoner's Defence. I was taking home a pair of trousers to Oxford-street. being a tailor; I came from there, and went into the Black Lion; I saw a young man with the boot-hooks, and bought them of him for 5s.: I changed half a sovereign, and 5s. 6d. was found on me.
JURY to 
               
                  JAMES 
                  KINNERSLEY
               



            . Q. Was the window broken or cut? A. The piece was neatly taken out - a sharp knife would have done it - it was not broken; it must have been done by some instrument.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
