




2211. 




EDWARD WILD
 and 




EDWARD JONES
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of August, 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 



Joseph Henderson, from his person.






JAMES WILD
 (police-constable R 141.) On Friday, the 19th of August, I was on duty at Lea raees, at Charlton, in Kent—I saw the prisoner Wild take a handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon—the other prisoner was standing by his side, and saw what he was doing—he stood apparently covering him while he was picking the pocket—concealing him from view—I immediately laid hold of Wild as he was putting it into his pocket—he turned round, we had a scuffle, and both fell together—I called a sergeant who was with me to my assistance, and he came and secured him—I had seen them attempt several gentlemen's pockets before, but lost sight of them I am satisfied they were both acting together—at the time I took Wild into custody Jones made his escape immediately—I took him in a booth about two hours after, smoking his pipe—I found on Wild, 10s., two knives, two duplicates, and a silk handkerchief, besides the one the sergeant saw him throw away I believe.

Jones. The prosecutor said at the office he lost his handkerchief about two o'clock, and according to your statement it was between four and five I was not in company with the man. Witness. He was—they had four young women with them, and went into a booth—he was with Wild—I saw him distinctly lift gentlemen's pockets to feel if there was any thing—we lost sight of them, and when we saw them again they stood by the prosecutor, both together.





EDWARD WILD
 (police-constable M 9.) I was on duty at the races, and saw James Wild secure the prisoner Edward Wild—they had a scuffle on the ground, and while there the prisoner Wild took this handkerchief from his trowsers pocket, and threw it on the ground—I took it up, and looked for the prosecutor—I turned round, and saw him—I said, "Have you not lost your handkerchief?"—I had seen Jones turn up a gentlemen's coat pocket before, and Wild was with him—we followed them to a booth, and four women stood at a table there—they were in company with the women, and while I went round to the back of the booth the prisoners came out, and went round the race-course we followed them—there was a mob gathered, and they both stood there together.

Prisoner Wild. I stood in company with a lot of people, James Wild ran and pushed me down among them; he pulled me up, and the handkerchief lay there, but I had never touched it.

Jones. Edward Wild said he had seen me twenty times before, and had been looking for me—I said, "Why not take me directly, if you saw me do any thing?"—he said he was searching for me—I was selling a few articles. Witness. He had nothing for sale at all.





JOSEPH HENDERSON
. I am a book-keeper, and live in Clifton-street North, Finsbury. I lost this handkerchief from my pocket at Charlton races.

Jones. He said he could not swear to it before the magistrate—he said he had one like it. Witness. I think I said I believed it to be mine, and indeed I am confident of it as far as resemblance goes, but I have no particular mark on it—the Magistrate said it was quite sufficient to bind me over to prosecute—I discovered my loss about five o'clock in the evening—I

have no doubt it is mine—I had one of exactly the same pattern—it is so remarkable, I cannot be mistaken—it was given to me the moment I missed it—I heard a scuffle, turned round, and saw the policeman with one of the prisoners in custody—I said, "It is my handkerchief", and he said, "Yes, you are the person it was taken from"—but this man had a different jacket on before the Magistrate to what he has now—I never said I did not believe it was mine—I am certain it is mine—I had taken it out of my hat a few minutes before.
(The witnesses' depositions being read, agreed with their evidence.)

Wild's Defence. I was going to work, and met two or three respectable men, who persuaded me to go to the races—I was never at the races before—Wild came and threw me on my back, and the handkerchief was found on the ground.

Jones's Defence. The prosecutor has said many words wrong—I know nothing about it, and do not believe this man does.

WILD—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.




Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

