





2127. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BRODIE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, 1 purse, value 2d., and one 5l. Bank note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Rolfe
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            ; against the Statute, &c.
WILLIAM ROLFE. I am a seaman
, and lodge at Poplar. On the evening of the 7th of September I was at the Coach and Horses, Shadwell


; I went from there soon after nine o'clock; when I had been out about ten minutes, the prisoner came up to me, clasped me round, and took a red purse out of my pocket, with a 5l. note in it - there was no other person near me; I told her to go away, as I was going home to my wife and family - I am certain I had the purse when I left the house.
Prisoner. Q. Was there nobody in company with you at the Coach and Horses, and the Bull's Head? A. I came out of the house with the money in my pocket, and you were the only person with me afterwards; I did not sleep with any girl that night - I roamed about the street.


                  JAMES 
                  CHRISTIAN
               



             (Police-constable K 196). I saw the prisoner in company with the prosecutor at the Bull's Head, on the night of the 7th of September - he went out and she followed him; he stopped when he had got a few doors off, and said he had lost his bundle - I went out to him, and said, "I understand you have a 5l. note about you:" he said, "Yes, I have in this purse, and I mean to take it home to my wife and family" - the prisoner was close to him at the time; I pushed her away: a young girl came up to her, and said, "Nance, will you stand some gin" - she said, "I have not a blessed farthing, but I shall soon have some money, and I will treat you;" I said to her, "You had better let him alone, you know he has a 5l. note about him" - she said, "No, I will go home with him to night, so help me God."


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHEELER
               



             (Police-constable K 160). I went to a house in Bluegate-fields the next morning - I found the prisoner there; I asked what she had done with the man's pocket-book and purse; she said she knew nothing about it - I said, "What have you done with the man's money?" she said, "I have got no money," but I found on the floor a sovereign and a sixpence, and a woman, who was there, said she had seen her that morning with four or five half-crowns in her hand.


                  MARY 
                  BIGNELL
               



            . I was in the room where the officer apprehended the prisoner; she had come home that morning, and called me at half-past five o'clock or a quarter before six - she said God was good, and she was not without 1l. or some silver - she showed me a sovereign and three or four half-crowns in her hand; I asked her if she had got it honestly, and she said she was as right as the day - she asked me to go and buy some things; we then had a cup of tea, and the officer came and took her.


                  DIANA 
                  CLIFFORD
               



            . I am the wife of Charles Henry Clifford; we keep the Coach and Horses, in Shadwell. -The prosecutor was at my house on the night of the 7th of September; he had a 5l. note, and I offered to take care of it for him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me with him? A. Yes, you went out with him.
Prisoner's Defence. I went into the Coach and Horses, and saw the prosecutor and several persons drinking with him; he then went to the bar, and wanted this lady to give him his 5l. note; she refused - he then came out, and went to the Bull's Head; I went with him there, and saw no more of him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
