





769. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     COLVIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of February
, 1 jacket, value 15s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 5s., and 1 necklace, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     McKelvey
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  McKELVEY
               



            . I am a seaman
, and live in Park-street, Limehouse. On the 8th of February I came from a voyage - I went to lodge at the prisoner's house, in the Match-walk


; I took there two chests, a hammock, and two parrots in a cage, which I had from Sierra Leone - the next morning I went out with the prisoner's husband to look for my wife, leaving the prisoner at home; I returned to the prisoner's house on the Thursday morning I then missed my jacket, trousers, beads, and five rupees and a half in money, which I had given her to take care of for me, and one parrot, which she had sold for 25s.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long were you at her house? A. About eight hours; I slept there, up stairs, with one of the women - some of the women seemed to be indifferent characters; I did not make the prisoner a present of one of the parrots - the prisoner did not lend me 1s. - I did not make her any present.


                  THOMAS 
                  SIZER
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Kennedy, a pawnbroker, at Shadwell. On the 8th of February the prisoner came to the shop, and I bought four rupees and a half of her; I asked whose they were - she said her husband's, who had lately come home from the South Seas, where he had been for five years; the next morning she brought this cornelian necklace - I lent her 4s. on it.


                  PETER 
                  PETERSON KURBO
               



            . I lodge next door to the prisoner. On the 8th of February she gave me a pair of trousers, and told me to go and get 2s. on them, to provide breakfast for a lodger of her's - I pawned them in Charles-street for 3s.; I gave her the money and the duplicate.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you been in the house? A. Not after the prosecutor was - I go on errands for one and another.


                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am in the employ of a pawnbroker. I took in these trousers on the 8th of February, from Kurbo.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHEELER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 9th of February I received this parrot from one Crickaley - I then took the prisoner, but found nothing on her; I asked what she had done with the rupees - she said she had spent them at different public-houses for gin, and she knew nothing about the waistcoat and trousers.


                  JAMES 
                  McKELVEY
               



            . These trousers and necklace are mine - the jacket has not been found; I gave no one permission to make any use of them.
Prisoner's Defence. I have witnesses who were there when he gave them to me.


                  ANN 
                  BATH
               



            . I live at No. 2, in the Match-walk; my husband is in Greenwich-college. I saw the prosecutor in the prisoner's place about a fortnight ago; I saw him give her a parrot, some rupees, and some beads - he was very much intoxicated, and he told her that whatever she wished to have she might have, and that on the day he was paid, he would make her a handsome present; she was quite sober - she thanked him for what he gave her; he had two parrots, and I think this is the one he gave her.
COURT. Q. Did you see him make her a present of his trousers? A. No - his two boxes were brought in, but they were not locked; he did not tell her to take care of the parrot and the rupees - he gave them to her; I was not surprised at it, a gift is a gift - there was another person present; it was between seven and eight o'clock in the evening - her husband was not there at the time.


                  MARY 
                  PETERSON
               



            . My husband is a butcher, and lives in Middlesex-street, Whitechapel. I was at the prisoner's house this night fortnight, I think it was - I went to inquire for a Mrs. Folger, to wash for me; the prisonerasked me to sit down - the prosecutor and her husband came in together about eight o'clock; the prosecutor sat down on a chair, and said, "Who is the mistress of this house?" the prisoner said she was - the prosecutor then gave her some beads, and some silver pieces; he said he had two birds, and he would give her one and keep the other; I did not see the birds while I was there.
COURT. Q. Did not he tell her to take care of the beads and the silver pieces for him? A. No, Sir, he gave them to her when she said she was the mistress; he said,"Here is something I have got the give you," and he pulled them out and gave them to her - they were silver foreign money, and I think the beads were red, but I was in a hurry to get home.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHEELER
               



            . Here are some papers which I received from Mrs. Bath; she went by the name of Collins then - she said she had them of the prisoner; the prosecutor says they must have been taken out of his chest.
JAMES McKELVEY. I gave the prisoner the rupees to take care of for me, but the beads and the papers were taken from my chest - I brought the parrots for my two children; I paid 13s. 2d. for my lodging at the prisoner's that night, and I have the receipt in my pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the trousers and jacket - he gave me the necklace and the rupees.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
