





1443. 
               
                  
                     ESTHER 
                     BRANSTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of July
, 1 snuff-box, value 30s.; 5 shirts, value 20s.; 1 towel, value 1s.; 1 soup ladle, value 1l., and 2 tea-spoons, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Spilsbury
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  SPILSBURY
               



            . I live at No. 31, Panton-street


. I am in the employ of Mr. Garratt, a silversmith; these articles are all mine except the soup-ladle, and two tea-spoons, for which I am accountable; the prisoner was in my service; I discharged her about a week ago - I had then missed some table spoons; I have since missed the other articles - these five shirts are worth 30s.; this snuff-box, 30s.; I had seen that safe in June last - the prisoner was my cook
, she had twelve guineas a year- I had a good character with her.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker in Brewer-street. I produce these articles; this snuff-box, and one shirt, were pawned by the prisoner on the 9th of September, for 1l. 7s.; and the other shirts were pawned by her for 15s.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was forced to pawn these to lay out money for my master; I had pawned a shawl and two gowns of my own - I received some money of him, but not being a scholar, I could not keep an account, and left it to the housemaid.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SPILSBURY
               



             re-examined. She had to buy beer, and sometimes brown bread - I was out of town in September, and she had to pay 1l., which I paid her when I returned - I paid her her money regularly, and never heard that she was in distress - I had a good character with her, and her former master speaks highly of her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
