






Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Buileys
               



            .
1586. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LONG
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     DENNIS 
                     MURPHY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Allen
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am a school-master
. On the 11th of July, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was at a review in Hyde-park


 - I lost my handkerchief; I did not feel it taken - the prisoners were secured immediately, and my handkerchief produced by Farrant.


                  THOMAS 
                  FARRANT
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was on duty in Hyde-park; I watched the prisoner for nearly an hour;they came in company together - Long tried one or two pockets; Murphy was close by his side, and must have seen what he was about - I saw Long pick Mr. Allen's pocket; Murphy was close by his side - Edbury immediately secured Long, and he threw the handkerchief down: I picked it up, Murphy stepped into the crowd, and got away - he was taken three or four days after; I knew them both before, and frequently saw them together.
Long. I was not in the Park ten minutes. Witness. I followed him up and down round the crowd nearly twenty times.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EDBURY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was with Farrant, and saw the prisoners for nearly an hour - I have seen them in company before; I kept my eyes on them as well as I could for the crowd - I did not see Long do any thing till I saw him take the handkerchief out of Mr. Allen's pocket; Murphy was close by his side at the time- I immediately seized Long; Murphy escaped into the crowd before I got up to Long - he saw me going towards him; Long threw the handkerchief away - I saw Farrant take it up.
Long. Farrant searched me, and asked where the handkerchief was.


                  THOMAS 
                  FARRANT
               



            . I did not - it was Edbury searched him.
LONG-

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Life
            .
MURPHY-

               NOT GUILTY
            .
