





1848. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     REYNOLDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of July
, 1 watch, value 2l. 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Blacklock
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
CHARLES BLACKLOCK. I am a carpenter
. On the 12th of July, between three and four o'clock in the morning, I was making the best of my road home - I had been out with a young man who was going into the country, and staid out rather late; I was drunk - I met two women, whom I do not know that I had seen before; the prisoner was one: she spoke to me first, and then the other came up - I went with them to a house which I now know is in Hopkin's-street, Berwick-street


; I do not know whether I went to bed - the first thing I remember was Bassett (the other woman) bringing an officer, who awoke me, and told me of the robbery - I went with the officer to the station, and saw the prisoner there; I know I had my watch when I went into the room - I afterwards missed it; I had been at a public-house with the prisoner before she took me home - I know I had my watch then, I lost 10s. or 12s. in money.



                  CHARLES 
                  VISIT
               



             (Police-constable G 92). Bassett came to me and said the prisoner had robbed her friend of his watch - I took the prisoner to the station and, went to her lodging, but found no watch.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHN BIRD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Holborn. The prisoner and Bassett brought this watch to pawn, on the 12th of July, about half-past eight o'clock; the prisoner pawned it for 25s.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to Covent-garden to sell some goods, and went to a public-house; the prosecutor and two women had some liquor there, and he asked me to take something to drink - Bassett asked me to assist her to take him home, which I did, but did not go up stairs.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
