






2284. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JACOBS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of September
, 3 waistcoats, value 6s.; 2 pairs of gaiters, value 5s.; 1 cap, value 2s.; 5 pairs of trousers, value 18s., and 2 coats, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cox
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  COX
               



            . I live in Penton-street, Pentonville


. I had a wardrobe of old clothes to sell, and on the 18th of September I directed my servant to apply to some one to buy! them - the prisoner was brought in for that purpose; I showed him the clothes; I think I asked 8l. for them; and, after a great deal of bantering, he agreed to give 5l. for them - he wished to divide them into lots, but I would not allow it, as I wished to sell them altogether; he offered me a 10l. note, but I suspected it was not a good one, from a man of his appearance; I refused it, and said I would have five sovereigns; he said he would go to the public-house, and get change - he gave me five halfcrowns to bind the bargain; I then went into my dressing-room, and, on hearing a bustle, I looked out of the window, and saw him running, but I was in deep negligee, and could not follow him - I dressed as fast as I could, and found that the greater part of the cloth clothes were missing - I had seen him carrying a bundle as he passed the window - I gave information at the Policestation, and went with the officer to Cutler-street, where I saw the prisoner exhibiting the clothes for sale; we took them and him to the Magistrate; he was remanded; and when I entered the office a man put a 5l. note into my hand, and I promised I would do what I could, as it was not my wish to prosecute - I told the Magistrate I had received the 5l.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Then you had the clothes and money too? A. I had part of them, but not the part which the prisoner took away; I have been acting as a mercantile agent for several houses on the continent - I told the Magistrate I had received the 5l. note, and he desired me to keep it - I did not see the prisoner's 10l. note, I only chose to have five sovereigns - I do not remember whether I told the Magistrate that I saw the prisoner running away.


                  DANIEL 
                  MEALY
               



             (City Police Constable, No. 36). I live in Little Britain. I went with the prosecutor to Cutler-street, and, after looking about for some time, we found the prisoner in a gateway, spreading out these clothes, in the presence of two or three other persons - I took the property stated, which I here produce; the prosecutor taxed him with taking them; he said "Well, I intend to pay the gentleman for them."
MR. COX. These are my property, and are a part of what I showed him.
COURT. Q. Who proposed leaving the five half-crowns? A. The prisoner did; he said he would change the 10l. note at the public-house, and bring the rest of the money.
Prisoner. I went to the house, and he agreed to let me have the lot for 5l. - I selected the best of them, and offered 4l. 10s. for them; he said I had better buy the old ones, and I agreed to have the rest for 10s.; I then gave him 12s. 6d., and took some of the things, but no part of what I had agreed to give the 4l. 10s. for - these things are not worth the money I left.
MR. COX. He did separate some things, and made me an offer, which I would not listen to; he took the best of the things away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
