






1815. 




JOHN WILLIAMS,


 MARY GRACE,


 ISAAC BENDON
, and 




ELIZABETH ELLIS
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
11th of July, 1 coat, value 1l.; 1 hat, value 10s.; the goods of 



Robert Tite: and that Williams had been before convicted of felony.






ROBERT TITE
. I live in New Inn-street, New Inn-yard, Shore-dicth. On the 11th of July I met Ellis between one and two o'clock—he said she had missed her way—I asked where she lived, and she said at Westminster—I said that was not the way, I would show her the way—she went to a room in Wentworth-street, Whitechapel—she got a light, and went down with the light, and Grace sat in the room with me—I was sitting on the bed—I missed my coat and hat, and Grace said, "O my God, there is a man in the room"—she ran down, I ran down, and got the policeman, who came and took the prisoners-no one had been but of the house while I was there, that I know of—this coat and hat are mine.

Grace. I heard a row in the room-Ellis took the candle to go down for something, and the man ran down stairs, and I after him.

Ellis. When I took the light down, the coat was on the chair.





ANDREW DACEY
 (police-constable H 94.) I heard an alarm at half-past two o'clock in the morning—I went into the yard, and heard a scuffle in the privy—I went and laid hold of Williams there, and endeavoured to do the same with Bendon, but he got away—I caught his cap—I found the hat down the privy-Williams was very violent—I took him to the station-house, and then returned and searched the house-during that time, Bendon and Ellis came back into the room where the robbery was committed—I asked Bendon if it was his cap—he said it was—I found the coat in the adjoining house.

Williams. You met me on the stairs? Witness. Not that I am aware of.





WILLIAM BURNHAM
 (police-constable H 58.)I heard the cry at this house in Wentworth-street—I went into the passage of the adjoining house, and found Grace there—I brought her out, and the prosecutor gave charge of her, and in taking her to the station-house she said Jew Bet took the things out of the room.

William's Defence. I went to lodge there—there was a cry of police—I heard an alarm, and coming down stairs the man took me.





JOSEPH TODHUNTER
 (City police-constable No. 97.) I produce a certificate of Williams's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

ELLIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Six Months.

GRACE


BENDON





NOT GUILTY
.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
