



1490. 




JOSEPH GODDARD
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Henry Kennard, at 
St. Luke's, about the hour of eleven in the night of the 
16th of January, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 5 pillow-cases, value 8s.; 6 napkins, value 8s.; 4 towels, value 7s.; 3 shirts, value 15s.; 2 shifts, value 5s.; 1 sheets, value 15s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 6s.; 2 flannel-jackets, value 7s.; 3 petticoats, value 7s.; 1 table-cloth, value 3s.; 1 cap, value 9s.; and 2 waistcoats, value 2s.; his goods.






THOMAS HENRY KENNARD
. I live at No. 11, Long's-buildings, St. Luke's, Middlesex; I occupy the house, and keep a beer-shop there. I know the prisoner—he came to my house, between ten and eleven o'clock, on the night of the 16th of January, with four others—they went down stairs into the skittle-ground, which is the cellar—there were two candles in the room when they came in—they went from the cellar up into the smoking-room, on the first floor, where there is a skittle-board—they ordered a pot of ale, which my wife took them—they put the candle out in that room, and called for a light twice—I took them one—the prisoner was not then in the room—there were only the three of them there who had come in with him—I took them a light twice—the prisoner was in the room the first time I took the light, but not the second—after that, I heard footsteps of a person walking about in the room overhead, which is my bed-room—I took a candle to go up stairs, and met the prisoner's brother coming out of my bed-room—he was one who had come in with the prisoner, and was in the smoking-room the first time I took the light, but not the second time—I collared him, and asked what business he had there, and the prisoner rushed out of the bed-room, with a pillow-case under his arm, containing the articles named in the indictment—he knocked the candle out of my hand as he passed his brother and me—he took the pillow-case away with him full of articles, and made his escape—I did not see him again till I was sent for to Worship-street, three weeks or a month ago—I am certain he is the man—I never saw him before that night—when I saw him at Worship-street I selected him out from five others—I had not been in the bed-room myself for some hours before—the door was not locked at that time—I latched it the last time I came out—the drawers were locked which contained the property.

Prisoner. I was not in the house on the night of the robbery—the prosecutor can tell who he got the property back from. Witness. From a person named Cannon—T do not know who he got it from.

Prisoner. I gave information to the police, who Cannon got it from, and he would not give that person into custody. Witness. I know nothing about that at all.

Prisoner. The policeman came to me in the cell, and I was informed he

told the policeman he did not know Barker, from whom Cannon got the property. Witness. I did not tell the policeman so.





CHARLOTTE KENNARD
. I am the wife of the last witness. On the 16th of January five men came to our house, between nine and ten o'clock, but I did not see them when they came in—I first saw them about half-past ten o'clock, when I carried the pot of ale in—there were five in the room then—they were in the parlour, on the first floor, playing at the skittle-board—the stair-case leads from the skittle-ground to that room—after I took them the pot of ale I went into my bed-room, which is a story higher, immediately over the parlour—it was then about twenty minutes to eleven o'clock—(I had been to the room about two hours before)—I did not remain there above three minutes—I left the door fastened with a latch—there was no lock to it—I am quite sure I latched it—my drawers were all locked and perfectly safe at that time—my husband was then down stain, in the ground-floor parlour—he went up a few minutes after I came down, and I heard him call for a light—I took one up, and he was on the stairs, with the prisoner's brother—I did not see the prisoner on the stairs myself—he had escaped previous to my getting up—my husband was struggling with his brother, who had a large white parcel under his arm—I went down and called the police—I afterwards went up stairs to my bed-room, and found various articles distributed about the bed-room, the drawers broken open, and the linen taken out—they were locked when I was last in the bed-room, a few minutes before—I found the locks wrenched off, and lying at the bottom of the drawers—I missed some sheets, pillow-cases, my husband's shirts, and a variety of articles—the greatest part of them were found three or four days after in the skittle-ground, which is the cellar—I was the first that picked the bundle up, when I went down to turn off the ale.

Prisoner. The prosecutor said just now that he received it from Cannon. Witness. I do not know Cannon.





THOMAS GEORGE CHEESEMAN KENNARD
. I am the prosecutor's son, and live with him. On the 16th of January I went into the skittle-ground, between five and six o'clock, and saw four or five men come in between nine and ten o'clock—they came in together—it was after nine o'clock, I am sure—one of them is named William Barker, and another Bags haw, or Bags hot—the prisoner was also there—he was one of them—I never saw him before, but I am certain he is one of the men—William Barker paid for a pint of half-and-half—the prisoner and Barker proposed to go up stairs, and they all went up together, about a quarter past ten o'clock—I did not leave the house at all, but I know nothing of what happened up stairs.





JOHN COLLARD
. I am a policeman. I received a note from the prisoner sometime after he had been committed, wishing to see me in the cell, to give me information that Barker was concerned in the robbery, and that he was not—the note is his own hand-writing—I had seen his hand-writing before, but never saw him write—he acknowledged it to be his hand-writing when I went to the cells to see him—I took it to Mr. Codd, the Magistrate, who said he saw no grounds for the apprehension of Barker—(letter read)—"Newgate, 29th May, 1838. Mr. Collard, You sent word to me, that if I could get any witness that Barker was concerned in the beer-shop robbery you would apprehend him. Young Kennard swore that he went up Stairs with me to play at skittles. If you will go to Mr. Kennard, sen., and ask who put the things down the cellar, he cannot deny that it was Barker's

wife, and he opened the cellar flap. He said if he could get his things back to the prosecutor they would not appear against my brother. Barker sent word it might be, for he settled with Kennard, so that they would not appear against him. If you can get an order from the Magistrate, I should like to see you as soon as you an."

Prisoner. The policeman has seen me repeatedly since, but never apprehended me, and I have been in the prosecutor's house repeatedly since and he never gave me in charge.





THOMAS HENRY KENNARD, SEN
. re-examined. Q. Did you see the four or five men come in that night? A. I saw them pass through the shop as I stood in the bar—it was then near ten o'clock—it was considerably after nine o'clock—the property was produced here in February Session—where the prisoner's brother was tried for the robbery, and transported for ten years, on that and another indictment—I had no orders to produce the property now—I have it at home—the prisoner has never been to my house since the 16th of January.

Prisoner. I was there seven weeks ago last Wednesday. Witness. He was not.

Prisoner. There were some policemen drinking there the last time I was there. Witness. No policeman has been to my house since the 9th of March last.

Prisoner. I stated the names of the policemen to the Magistrate, who were there drinking—he desired the inspector to inquire about it, and he found it true. Witness. I know nothing about it—he told the Magistrate there were ten policemen at my house, all in private clothes—Mr. Codd, the Magistrate, asked him how he knew them to be policemen—he said by their names—he asked him their names, and he gave him two names, but could not give any more—the Magistrate said, how then could he know them to be policemen—I have heard nothing of the Magistrate inquiring about this—I did not get any information from Cannon about apprehending Barker—my wife found the property in the cellar—a person named Cannon told me it would be brought back—it was all brought back, except a handkerchief—I sent information to the inspector of what Cannon had stated.

COURT. Q. Did you go and examine the room afterwards? A. Yes, and found the drawers broken open, things strewed about, and several pieces of burnt paper, which they had had for a light.





JOHN COLLARD

re-examined. I did not speak to the prosecutor about apprehending Barber—it was the Magistrate I spoke to.

Prisoner to
MRS. KENNARD. Q. Cannon is a short man, and a shoemaker; you said you did not know him? A. No, I do not; I never heard the name before.

Prisoner's Defence. I was not in the house on the night of the robbery—I have subpoenaed some witnesses who were drinking there, to prove I was not in the house.





ANN GATTER
. I am a widow, and live at No. 8, Wellington-street, St. Luke's. I know the prisoner—he was not in the habit of coming to my house—I was in company with him on the night of the robbery, which was Tuesday, the 16th of January, at No. 16, John's-row, St. Luke's, at the ✗k of the City-road—I do not know Kennard's house, nor Long's-✗dings—there were four or five more in our company—a son-in-law of ✗e had a gentleman articled to him that day to learn his business of ✗h-finishing, and we had a party—the prisoner came between seven ✗ eight o'clock, and staid, I should consider, till about one o'clock, or it

might be after—I cannot say to a quarter of an hour—I recollect it was on the 16th, on account of the paper that was signed that day, or I should not have known it—I had only known the prisoner a very short time before—he was acquainted with my son-in-law—I do not know how long he had known him—we had some bread and cheese for supper, and some beer to drink—I am positive it was the 16th.





THOMAS HENRY KENNARD

re-examined. This witness swore at Worship-street that it was on the Friday or Saturday night that he was with her all night—she was examined at the time the prisoner was committed.





ANN GATTER

re-examined. I told Mr. Codd I could not tell the day of the month, but I could gain information what day it was, if he gave me time—I said I was taken at a nonplus, and could not swear to the day—I did not mention the 19th, nor any day—I said I was taken by surprise, and could not recollect it.





CATHERINE WELCH
. I live at No. 7, George-place, Holloway; I did live at No. 16, John's-row—I am married—ray husband is a watch-finisher—I am not Mrs. Gatter's daughter. On Tuesday, the 16th of January, the prisoner came to our place between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, and staid till between one and two o'clock in the morning—he never left my room from the time he came in till I let him out—I recollect to day, because that day my husband had a man to learn the watch-finishing—we had a baked leg of mutton for supper, and beer—I was not before the Magistrate—I am positive it was the 16th—I could have brought the stamped paper had I known it would be wanted—the party consisted of nine—the mutton was hot—there was enough supper for us all.

MR. KENNARD. At the office, the witness Garter swore positively to its being on Friday, the 19th, or Saturday, the 20th—several witnesses in Court will prove that—it was not that she did not recollect the day, but the swore to it positively.





JOHN COLLARD

re-examined. I was present when the witness Gatter was examined before Mr. Codd—she swore the prisoner was in company with her on the evening in the week the robbery was committed, but she would not confine herself to the day—what she said was not taken down—the Magistrate asked her distinctly whether it was Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday—she said she would swear it was neither Monday, Tuesday, nor Wednesday—he then asked if she could recollect which of the other days it was—she said she could not, but she thought it was Friday—he asked her again whether she was sure it was not Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday—she said she was sure it was neither of those three days.

Prisoner. She said she was not certain what day it was, but she could find out by getting the paper from her son-in-law, and let the Magistrate know the next time—my witness's evidence is correct—I was not in the house on the night of the robbery—I have been in the habit of passing the prosecutor's door several times every week, and have been served by him twenty times since the robbery.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
