






1101. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     FOSTER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HOLLAND
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of May
, 1 purse, value 1d.; 4 sovereigns; 1 half-sovereign; 2 half-crowns; 5 shillings; 6 sixpences, and 1 piece of foreign coin, value 5d., of 
                     
                        
                           Lorenzo 
                           Ronchetti
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
LORENZO RONCHETTI (through an interpreter). I lodge in Vine-street. On the 20th of May, I found myself in Farringdon-street


, between one and two o'clock in the morning; the two prisoners took hold of my arm, one on each side - I told them as well as I could to go on; Holland did walk on, but Foster still kept with me - I crossed over Farringdon-street, and had occasion to stop at the corner of a little street; while I was doing so, Foster caught hold of me, and stole my money from my waistcoat pocket - she took 4 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 13 shillings, a bad sixpence, and a half-franc; they were all in a purse - I did not feel her take the money from my pocket, but she put her arms round my middle; she then ran and crossed over to the other side, where Holland was - the moment she left me, I missed my money, and I ran after and cried, Stop, stop - Holland then ran away, and Foster walked slowly; the watchman came up - I gave Foster to him; Holland was then going off - I said,"Stop that one."


                  DANIEL 
                  PRINCE
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Bride's. I had seen the two prisoners together about one o'clock- I saw the prosecutor about half-past one o'clock, at the corner of Black Horse-court; he was alone - I saw Foster come up and take hold of his arm; Holland was close by, and they all three walked down Farringdon-street before me - before they got to Harp-alley, the prosecutor separated himself from them; Foster then got hold of his arm again, and they went down the street as far as the New Market - Foster and the prosecutor then crossed, and Holland followed them; I followed them eight or ten yards up Brazier's-buildings - I there lost sight of them; in ten or fifteen minutes, I saw Foster come running out of Wheatsheaf-yard - she ran over to me, and said, "Watchman, did you see my old man, how he was running after me just now?" - I said,"No" - she said, "I suppose you have not been here long?" - she went on to Stonecutter-street, and the prosecutor came over from Wheatsheaf-yard, and caught her by the arm - (there is a way from Brazier's-buildings to Wheatsheaf-yard; at the upper part it is a very secret place, with nothing but stabling and a slaughter-house in it) - the prosecutor said, as well as I could understand him, that Foster had robbed him of 5 guineas; I said you must go with me to the watch-house - I turned my head, and saw Holland running; I called to Bolton Run after her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARDY
               



            . I am a constable. About half-past one o'clock, Prince brought in the prosecutor and Foster, and in a few minutes Bolton brought in Holland; Foster said she had nothing, and she was willing to be searched - we found in Holland's bosom, 4 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 2 half-crowns, 5 shillings, 6 sixpences, 1 half-franc, and a bad sixpence - the prosecutor had described the money as well as he could before it was found - we found on Holland another shilling wrapped in paper which she said was her's
Foster's Defence. I was going down Stonecutter-street, to go home, and the prosecutor caught me and said, I had robbed him - I had not seen my fellow-prisoner all the night, nor the day before - she can say the same.
Holland's Defence. I never saw this young woman, nor the prosecutor, till I got to the watch-house.
FOSTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
HOLLAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
