







Second London Jury. - Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
649. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAILEY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LAWRENCE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . On the 15th of February I lost a handkerchief from my coat pocket, about five o'clock - I do not know the street I was in; the officer told me, and I missed it; it was in the officer's hand; I cannot say exactly when I had had it; I saw the prisoners at the time, but I had not seen them before.
CHARLES HERD FIELD. I was in Abchurch-yard


, and saw the three prisoners following the prosecutor; I had watched them from the Poultry - Lawrence and Smith were close behind the prosecutor, and Bailey behind them - I saw the handkerchief pass between Lawrence and Smith, and Bailey took it, and put it into his coat; he turned round into my arms, and I took him - here is the handkerchief, it is marked with the prosecutor's initials - my brother took the other two.
THOMAS HERDSFIELD. I had followed the prisoners with my brother from the Poultry; I did not see the handkerchief taken.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Bailey's Defence. I was going to see my brother, and met these two lads, who asked the way to Cannon-street; I said I would show them; as we were going through the church-yard I parted with them, and picked up this handkerchief.
Smith's Defence. I was going to East Smithfield with some work, and was taken by the side of this gentleman.
BAILEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
LAWRENCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.






               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
