





OLD COURT. MONDAY, OCTOBER 22.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
2344. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BALDRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of June
, 1 gelding, price 40l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Bloy
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  BLOY
               



            . I live at Long Sutton, near Norwich


, which is about one hundred miles from town. On the evening of the 17th of June, I had a gelding in my possession - I missed it the next morning from a pasture ground - I advertised it, and heard of it again in September, and saw it at Enfield on the 18th of September, in the possession of Read the constable, and am certain it was mine - I had bred it; Potts saw it last week in my possession - it was the same as I lost.
Prisoner. Q. What did you know it by? A. It had a large scar on the side of its face - there were two or three white marks on it when it was found, but they had been made since - they were on the off shoulder where the cart shifts had been on its back.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POTTS
               



            . My father is a farrier, and lives at Enfield. On the 20th of June, I went to the prisoner's premises to bleed a horse, and afterwards shoed it twice - my father's initials J. P. are always impressed on our shoes; I have since been to the prosecutor's, and seen the same horse there as I bled and shoed at Enfield - I knew it by the colour, shape, make, and the initials on the shoes; I am sure it was on the 20th of June that I first went to bleed it; it was then in a very low condition, and very poor; I did not notice whether it appeared to have come off a long journey.


                  JOHN 
                  MEAD
               



            . I am constable of Enfield. In June last the prisoner was living at Enfield - he was possessed of a horse in that month, and from information which I received, I watched him and his premises; I received information that the prosecutor had lost a horse, and took various steps to find an owner for this horse; and afterwards in consequence of information, went to the prisoner's promises, and took it out of the field; some time before that, I had seen an advertisement, in consequence of which, I spoke to the prisoner, and said "You have a valuable horse here, did you buy him?" he said "I bought him of a man at Paddington;" I said "I suppose you know the man;" he said "No - I don't;" I said "I should be very sorry to buy a horse of a man I did not know;" he was afterwards in custody on another charge, and I took the horse out of his field; Bloy indentified it, and he called it by its name, and the horse knew him - I knew it to be Bloy's by the advertisement.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it, but that I bought it at Paddington.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
There was another charge of horse stealing against the prisoner.
