





841. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of April
, 1 pocket-book, value 2d.; 4 sovereigns, and 4 - 10l. bank notes, the goods and monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Sykes
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SYKES
               



            . I am a flock-manufacturer
. I have known the prisoner three months - he has been a pot boy
 - I met him in Mile-end-road, on the 18th of April, between nine and ten o'clock - we spoke to each other, and went to a public-house - he then proposed to go to the west end of the town - we went into several public-houses on the road, and drank at each - I certainly got very drunk - the last time I remember seeing the prisoner was with a cab-driver, and there was some difference between them - I had a pocket-book containing four 10l. notes and four or five sovereigns in my breeches pocket - the last time I knew I had the money safe was at eight o'clock in the morning - I parted with the prisoner between ten and eleven o'clock at night - I live at No. 64, Silver-street, Stepney - I was in treaty for a small steam engine, and expected to have paid part of this money the next day - I missed three sovereigns and my notes - I had received them in Yorkshire - I did not give the prisoner my pocket-book nor any money - I had changed one 10l. note on the Thursday, and had four remaining - I saw my pocket-book again on the Saturday morning in the officer's possession.


                  JOHN 
                  DEAN
               



             (police-serjeant C 14). On Friday, the 18th of April, I was on duty in Burlington-gardens, between three and four o'clock, and saw the prisoner coming towards me - he was very much in liquor - I saw this pocket-book nearly out of his pocket - I took him to the station-house, and said, "Perhaps you may have money about you" - he said he had not; but he afterwards said he had, but it was his own - the pocket-book was then empty, but in his breeches pocket I found three £10 and one £5 notes, three sovereigns, three half-sovereigns, and some silver, amounting in the whole to 40l. 19s. 01/4d. - he was drunk, but could answer any questions which were put to him - I took him to the magistrate the next morning, and on the way, I asked him what money it was I found on him - he said it was his own; and was left him by a deceased relation, and had been paid him the day before by an uncle from Buckinghamshire - he told the magistrate the same, and said it was his grandfather who was dead - I then charged him with stealing it, and found the prosecutor - he told me the numbers of the notes.
Prisoner. He states that he found the prosecutor; but I told the gaoler who the prosecutor was, where he lived, and how he became possessed of the property; and accordingly the officer was sent down to No. 64, Silver-street, Stepney.


                  THOMAS 
                  GREEN
               



            . I drive a cab. I was called on that Friday, from Holborn-hill, to take up at Thompson and Fearon's - I found the prosecutor and the prisoner there - the prisoner ordered me to drive to Maddox-street; but in going along Oxford-street, he said, "Pull up here, and we will have something to drink" - I pulled up and he ordered a pint of ale - the prisoner put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, and gave the boy a sovereign to pay for the ale - the boy brought it back, and said his master could not give change - the prisoner put it into his own pocket, and we went on to the place of destination - the prisoner then gave me half-a-crown to pay for the cab, and I gave him 6d. out - I then said, "Before I leave you, give the man his sovereign" - he said, "No; I shall not: he is my brother" - I called a policeman, but he would not take him - I then called a young man, and told him to take notice of my number, and, in a few days, I had a summons - the prosecutor was drunk, but the prisoner was little the worse for liquor.
JOHN SYKES. This has the appearance of my pocketbook, but it has no mark in it - this is a memorandum of the numbers of the notes - I had No. 18,934, dated the 9th of May, 1833; 6427, dated the 23rd of March, 1833; 4490, dated the 8th of May, 1833 - these are the notes.
Prisoner's Defence. I was with him the greater part of the Thursday - we got drinking with one another, and got tipsy - I left him at a quarter before twelve o'clock that night - the next day, I met him in the road - he asked me to give him something to drink; and we went and had two quarterns of rum - we then went on to Aldgate, and got into an omnibus - he gave the conductor a sovereign - he said he could not give change - I gave the shilling - the prosecutor then said, "We will have something to drink, and get change;" and we went to a house, but could not get change - we then went to Thompson and Fearon's, and he proposed having a cab - we went and had some ale at the corner of Poland-street, and he gave me a sovereign to get change - I did not take it out of his pocket - when the cab was discharged there was a bit of a stir about the sovereign, but the policeman would not take me - we went to another public-house, and both fell asleep - when we awoke, he sent me out for a cab; and as I was going past him, I picked up this pocket-book - I said, "You see what you have dropped; and as we have both been together, I think it would be best for me to take care of it till the morning" - I then went to get a cab, and met a friend who gave me something to drink - I lost my senses altogether, and was taken - the officer told me the best way would be to say the money was my own, which I did; but I afterwards told the gaoler who it belonged to.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
