





1956. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BLOOMFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously forging, on the 7th of July
, a request for delivery of goods
            , which is as follows:
SIR, - I shall be very much obliged to you if you will let the bearer have two stoves; they must both be two feet wide.
Your obedient servant, J. FURGUSON.
with intent to defraud 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Tansley
                  




               
            ; against the Statute, &c.
SECOND COUNT, for uttering the same.


                  THOMAS 
                  LABRUM
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Tansley
               



            , ironmonger
, of Dean-street, Westminster


 - I know the prisoner, from his having come to our shop for goods for his master, Mr. Ferguson. On the 7th of July he applied for two stoves: I delivered him one - he said he would bring the order for them in a few days; on the 10th he brought this paper, and had the other stove - I think it was sixteen inches; he said they were for Mr. Ferguson, who had taken a house at Walham-green, and he should want these stoves, and a variety of other articles, to furnish it - I think I could not have stated before that he had the first on the 5th or 6th; this deposition has my signature to it - I think what I say now is true, within a day or two.
JOSEPH TANSLEY. I was at my shop on the 10th of July, when the prisoner produced this paper; I did not see it to read it - he came for a stove then, and he had had one the day before, when I was out - when I saw him on the 10th, my young man let him have a stove in my presence; I did not give the order for it - I was busy at the time; I think the stove the prisoner had then was a twenty-two inch one, and the one he had before was a twentyfour inch.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You did not take particular notice of what was passing? A. Yes, I did; I was serving another customer at the time - my son, who is thirteen years old, was at the end of the shop; the prisoner took a recess eliptic stove, and, to the best of my recollection, it was a twenty-four inch; it was twenty-two or twenty-four - I have not looked at the book; the first was entered on the 7th of July, by my clerk - I know Mr. Ferguson, and know his hand-writing; I do not think my clerk did - he has been with me since November; in the beginning of this year, Mr. Ferguson has sent orders.
THOMAS LABRUM re-examined. Q. Can you take upon yourself to say that the two stoves were delivered in consequence of this paper? A. Yes, they would not have been delivered without.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you on your oath at the Police-office? A. Yes; I did not say at the office that the paper was delivered the first time - my deposition was read, and I signed it, but there might be a few words I did not hear - there were a great many people there, and there might be a mistake; I heard the greater part of it - the prisoner had brought genuine orders on former occasions, and when he came for the first of these stoves I asked if he had brought an order; he said No, but he would bring it when he came again: if he had come without an order the second time, I should have suspected him.


                  THOMAS 
                  FERGUSON
               



            . I live in Cannon-row, and am a clerk. I know the prisoner, and employed him about two months, as a painter; he left me about the middle of May: I have sent him with orders to Mr. Tansley, but this order is not my writing, nor any part of it - it was not written by my authority or direction; I know nothing of it - the prisoner did not bring me, on the 5th, 6th, 7th, or 10th of July any stoves from Mr. Tansley.
Cross-examined. Q. Is this at all like your writing? A. No, it is not.
COURT to THOMAS LABRUM. Q. Did you believe this to be Mr. Ferguson's hand-writing? A. Yes.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you think it was at all like his writing? A. We do not, in the hurry of business, take the trouble to examine letters; I never saw a note of Mr. Ferguson's begin with a small i, nor ever saw his name spelt Furguson.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MILLER
               



             (Police-constable B 42). I received the prisoner into my custody from Mr. Ferguson - he begged Mr. Ferguson's pardon, asked him to stand his friend, and said he would see that he should be paid afterwards; I found this stove at the prisoner's father's.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say he had been made the dupe of a person named Davis? A. No.
THOMAS LABRUM. This is the stove which he had on the 10th, after he had brought the written request; I know it by the marks on it.



               GUILTY of uttering
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
