





89. 
               
                  
                     SIMON 
                     SOLOMON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of October
, 60 yards of printed cotton, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Jabez 
                  Ranwell
               




            .


                  CHARLES 
                  BRENT
               



            . I lived with Mr. Jabez Ranwell. a linen-draper
, of Bedford-street, Commercial-road


. On the 29th of October, about half-past four o'clock, I had information about some prints, which I had seen safe a quarter of an hour before, tied on a chair outside the shop; I went up the Commercial-road, turned down Philpot-street, and met the prisoner with the prints in his hand; he ran off, and dropped them - I chased him to the bottom of the street; I lost sight of him, but he was taken soon after, and I know he is the person: these are the prints.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Did you see them taken? A. No, but I saw the prisoner when he turned down the second turning, which was about a quarter of a mile from the shop - I was then about twenty yards from him; it was a little dark - I lost sight of him for about two minutes - I am certain he is the man.


                  JOHN 
                  SHEROD
               



            . I heard the cry of Stop thief! the prisoner was pointed out to me as the man who had stolen the prints - he was then about two hundred yards from the prosecutor's, and was walking.
Cross-examined. Q.Was he returning towards the shop? A.Certainly.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WESTGATE
               



            . I saw the prisoner take the prints from the door, and walk away with them - I am sure he is the person.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you were passing by? A. Yes - I had not known him before; I gave an alarm at the shop.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
