




1018. 




HENRY DAVIS
 and 




WILLIAM RYAN
 were indicted for

 stealisf, on the 
3rd of March, 1 till, value 2s.; 12 shillings, 8 sixpences, 84 pence, 120 halfpence, and 192 farthings; the goods and monies of 



William Castle; and that Davis had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM CASTLE
. I keep a chandler's shop in Lower Edmund-street, King's Cross. On the 3rd of March I was in my back parlour, between seven and eight o'clock, and heard a noise—I looked into the shop, but saw no one—(I could see a person if they were standing up, but not if they were creeping)—I listened again, and heard something else—I then saw something like a boy's cap rising up near the counter—I went into the shop, and looked round—I did not see any thing—I went out, and looked down a court by the side of my house, and saw two persons walking down—I did not notice what they were, but I think they were men, or it might be a man and a boy—I then came into the shop—a person came in for something—I went to the till, and found it was gone—I had seen it safe six or seven minutes before—it contained about 16s. in silver, 12s. in half pence and pence, and 4s. in farthings—the next day I beard there was a till found at Islington station-house—I went, and it was mine—this is it—the money was not found—before I heard this noise the till was secure, and nobody else had been in the shop.





SARAH SCOTT
. I live in that neigbourhood, and am married. I went to the prosecutor's shop that night, between seven and eight o'clock—I wanted three farthings' worth of sugar, and a halfpenny candle—I did not get them—I returned down the court to a neighbour, and asked if she had another farthing to lend me—I kept in sight of the prosecutor's shop—I saw Ryan go in on his hands and knees, and Davis stood on the bottom step of the door—I saw Ryan bring the till out, and give it to Davis—I did not give information—I was afraid—they went down Spencer-court—I knew them before, and I am certain they are the persons.





EDWARD JOHN RICHARDSON
. I am shopman to a cheesemonger. On the night in question I saw two persons, one a stout person, the other a boy—I passed them, and heard a noise of money—I turned round,

and saw Davis with the till under his arm, and a boy with him—I cannot swear to Ryan—I saw Davis put his hand into the till, and then into hi, pocket.





JAMES CARTER
 (police-constable S 140.) I apprehended Davis on the 4th of March—when he found I was coming near the door, he took a hammer, and said he would break my head—I drew back, got my staff, and then he dropped the hammer, and I took him—this was in a dark yard in Maiden-lane—the till was given to me at the station-house—I took Ryan on the 5 th.





GEORGE COLLIER
 (police-constable E 38.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Davis's former conviction of felony, from Mr. Clark's office (read)—he is the person.

DAVIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Life.

RYAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—



Confined Six Months.
