





869. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PARKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously uttering and disposing of a 10l. forged Bank note, with intent to defraud the 
                     Governor and Company of the Bank of England

.
SECOND COUNT, stating his intent to be to defraud 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Eward
                  



               
            .
MR. BULLOCK conducted the prosecution.


                  ANDREW 
                  EWARD
               



            . I am a tea-dealer
, and live in New-street, Bishopsgate


. On Thursday, the 14th of March, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to my shop; I did not know him before - he had my address in his hand, and asked if that was my name; I said Yes - I showed him some teas: he ordered 2lbs. of three different kinds, which came to 1l. 12s. 4d.; he gave me a 10l. note - I refused to give him change, and said I did not know a good note from a bad one; he said no one could refuse a Bank of England note, and told me to try to get it changed; I then took it to the public-house next door, and showed it to 
               
                  William 
                  Tyson
               



             - I returned, and gave him change; I locked the note in my desk - it was the same note as he gave me: I locked the desk, and kept the key - I had no other notes whatever in the desk; I put no mark on it that night, but next morning, about nine o'clock, I took it out, and marked my name and address on it, as I was going to the Bank; this is the note (looking at it) - it is the note I received from him; I left him in my shop while I went to the public-house, to see if the note was good, and when I came back he was gone; he came back in about ten minutes, and had the change - I presented the note at the Bank; it turned out to be forged: I met him on the Tuesday evening, in Long-lane, Smithfield - he was coming towards me; he looked a little wild as he passed me, as if he was startled - I turned round, and looked at him; he turned, and looked towards me, and seeing me standing he took to his heels and ran - I ran after him, and caught him in Bartholomew-close; I am certain he is the man; he caught hold of me by the hand, and said he would pay me - he said, "Don't expose me; I shall be undone for ever - I will pay you."
COURT. Q. Was the tea which he bought weighed out? A. Yes - he took it away with him, and the change; - I took him down Long-lane, and could not find an officer - he got from me twice, but I never lost sight of him; he was secured by Fox - he was rescued from me, and bit my hand- he said he wanted to get away; he was afterwards taken by Hill, the constable.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When you came from the public-house, you did not find him in your shop? A. No, but he came back in about ten minutes, and I gave him the tea and change; he did not object to my taking the note to the public-house - I did not leave the note with the publican at all; it was never out of my presence.
Q. Did you not say when you met him, "You have given me a bad note," and want your money back? A. No, I did not - he proposed to pay me first; I said he had given me a bad 10l. note; he did not say he was sorry it was a bad one - he said so before the Lord Mayor; I had a load of 18lbs. of tea on my back - I lost sight of him after he ran away first, but not after I took him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOX
               



            . I live at No. 6, Rotten-row, Goswell-street. On the 19th of March I heard Mr. Eward call out, and saw the prisoner running at great speed in the road - Mr. Eward tapped me on the shoulder, and asked if I had seen a man in top boots go along - I ran, and overtook the prisoner, and when Eward came up, he put out his hand to shake hands with him, and said, "For God's sake don't discover me, for I am undone - you shall have your money;" I walked behind him, and at the corner of Fan-street he got away - I pursued, and caught him in Brackley-street; he then said to me, "There are others against me - this is not the only one - they can only transport me;" in Golden-lane he told some men it was about a bastard child, and then the men rescued him, and he was taken by Hill.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear him say that? A. Yes, and so did Hill - I lost sight of him in the first instance, but not the second; he did not say he wanted to produce the man who gave him the note.


                  JOHN 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a constable. I was in Golden-lane; I saw the prisoner running, and people after him, crying, Stop thief! I stopped him - he said, "Let me go, it is only for a bastard child;" I took him to the watch-house, and searched him.


                  JANE 
                  WHEELER
               



            . I am niece to Mr. Cummins, at the White Lion, James-street, Bedford-row. On the 3rd of February (Sunday evening) the prisoner came to the house for four bottles of port wine - my uncle asked who it was for; he said it was for Mr. Holmes, No. 25, Great James-street - the wine was delivered to him; he gave a 10l. note for it - my uncle gave him six sovereigns and 6s. change; he was at the bar about five minutes - I asked him into the bar - I am certain he is the man.
Cross-examined. Q. You took particular notice of him? A. Yes, more than I did of the note - he was dressed in a shabby-genteel black coat; I did not notice his breeches - I know him by his features.


                  JOHN 
                  CUMMINS
               



            . I keep a public-house in St. James'. On Sunday evening, the 3rd of February, I believe the prisoner to be the man who came to the bar door, and asked if we sold wine - it was 3s. 6d. a bottle; he said he did not care what the price was so that it was good; when he tendered the 10l. note, I said, "Where is it going to;" he said, "No. 25, Little James-street;" I said,"There is no such number in the street, you must mean No. 25, Great James-street, Mr. Holmes';" he said,"That is the very name;" I wrote on the note, "Mr. Holmes;" this is the note - I wrote it not above ten minutes after I took it; I gave him change - he tied the wine up in his handkerchief and went away; I offered to send my boy with it - he refused; he said I could have the bottles in the morning if I sent to Mr. Holmes' - I sent to Mr. Holmes' next morning for the bottles, and did not get them; Holmes had been a customer of mine.
Cross-examined. Q. You mentioned Holmes to him? A. Yes, my niece was present - she invited him into the bar, and stood facing him at the time, taking a full view of him; I put the note into my pocket, where I had other notes, but I had marked it before I took it off the counter.

MR. BULLOCK. Q. Was it out of your sight before you marked it? A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I am a solicitor, and live at No. 25. Great James-street. I have occasionally dealt with Cummins - I never saw the prisoner till he was here; I did not send for four bottles of wine to Mr. Cummins', nor did I receive them.
Cross-examined. Q. If empty bottles were called for, your servant would deliver them? A.Certainly.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I am inspector of Bank notes. This is a forged note in every particular, paper, plate, and signature, and so is this other - it is of the same description, forged in all respects, and from the same plate.
Cross-examined. Q.Have not forged notes been paid at the Bank? A. I really cannot answer the question, it never happened to me; I heard some years ago of a forged note being paid, but whether it is true I cannot tell; no inspector could take this to be a genuine note
Prisoner's Defence. I have a person in Court who I took the note of.


                  ROBERT 
                  VINCENT
               



            . I am a comb-maker, and live in Skinner-street. I have known the prisoner about two years - I do not recollect every giving the prisoner a 10l. note; I have lent him money several times, but never lent him a Bank note - I have lent him in all about 7l. - he is a horse-dealer; I have been intimate with him, and have dined with him - I lent him 10l. about six months ago, but swear it was not a note; I have not had a note in my possession for some length of time - my wife lent him the last money, but that did not amount to 10l.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
