





1372. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     REECE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of July
, 1 hat, value 12s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Saunders
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I am a pensioner on the East India Company
. I have three children who live at the Bell and Crown, in Shoreditch


 - I go there two or three times a day, to see that they have proper necessaries, and supply them with money - I have another lodging for myself at the Lord Nelson, in St. Lukes - on the 26th of July, I went to the Bell and Crown to see the children, at eleven o'clock at night; I laid myself down and meant to sleep there; the landlord
 was tipsy and he came up and abused me for being there; he then went down and abused his servant, and said she should leave his house that day month, for I could not be in his house without her knowing it - I went down and begged him not to be angry with her; he took me by the collar and turned me out, and while he did so my hat fell off or was knocked off; two policemen came up to me just after, and asked if I had lost my hat; I said, "Yes," and they went and brought the prisoner with my hat - this is it.


                  THOMAS 
                  LINZAN
               



             (police-constable N 67). I was on duty in Kingsland-road, on the night in question - I saw the prisoner run down Crooked-Billet-yard, with a hat in his hand; I went on a few doors and saw the prosecutor; I asked, if he had lost his hat; he said, he had; I told him to rest still, and I went down the yard; I could not see the prisoner, but I saw the hat in a cart; I sat down by it a few minutes, the prisoner then came and took it; I called my brother-officer, and he was taken; he had taken the hat out of the cart, but before I could take hold of him, he stepped back, and put it into the cart again.


                  THOMAS 
                  MEADOWS
               



             (police-constable N 249). I went down the yard with the other officer, and he concealed himself there - I came up the yard and saw the prisoner going down; I followed him close; I heard the other officer say to him, "Do not put it down, it will do" - I then took the prisoner.
Prisoner. I live down that court and I was going home from work. Witness. No, he does not, we know him well.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  CRABTREE
               



            . I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, from Mr. Clark's office; I was a witness on that trial in this court - I know the prisoner is the man.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been that day to Blackheath, with a load of goods; I came home, had my supper, and went to the public-house; when I came out the prosecutor was fighting; I went home and went to bed; I was taken ill and had to come down, when the officer took me.


                  James 
                  Thomas Francis
               



            , a shoemaker, of Kingsland-road, gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
