





1993. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               she, on the 13th of October
, feloniously, unlawfully, and maliciously, by fraud, did take and carry away a female child, named 
                     
                        Julia 
                        Ellis
                     



                  , under the age of ten years, (to wit,) about the age of six months, with intent to deprive the parents, Henry and 
                     
                        Diana 
                        Ellis
                     



                  , of the said child
            ; against the Statute.
SECOND COUNT, stating the intent to be to steal I flannel petticoat, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 9d., and 1 pinafore, value 3d., the goods of Henry Ellis, upon and about the person of the said child; against the Statute, &c.


                     DIANA 
                     ELLIS
                  



               
            . I am the wife of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Ellis
                  



               
             - we are the parents of this child in my arms; her name is Julia. On the 13th of October I sent a little girl to walk with it at my door - I thought it was too cold, and sent a little boy to call her in; he could not find her - I then looked out, and saw a mob, I went to see if the little girl had got into the mob - when I got up, some persons said,"Here comes the mother of the baby;" I did not see the little girl I had sent out with the child, as she had gone with her own mother to look for the woman - I was alarmed, and made every enquiry I could; about ten or eleven o'clock, the girl I had sent out with the child came home with her mother - I saw my child again between five and six o'clock the next morning, when it was brought to the door; the child had only a frock and petticoat on when it was brought back, but no handkerchief or pinafore.


                  EMMA 
                  HORSFIELD
               



            . I am nine years old. I took Mr. Ellis' little girl out on the 13th of October - I was walking up and down the street; the prisoner came, and said,"Will you come a little way up the street with me" - I went with her; she said, "If you will go to that butcher's and tell the young lady I want to speak to her, I will give you a halfpenny when you come back" - she said, "Give me the baby:" I said, "You must not have the baby" - she said, "Yes, I can mind the baby;" I said, "You must not have it" - she said, "Yes, I must have it," and she took the baby from my arms; I went on the message, and when I came back she was gone - I went to my mother; the baby had on a blue striped frock, a white pinafore, and a handkerchief, when she took it from me.


                  MARTHA 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I was cleaning the step of my door, and saw the prisoner passing with a baby in her arms, about twenty minutes past five o'clock; I had never seen her before, nor the baby - I remarked that it was a clean fine looking baby, and she was a poor looking woman; she passed me, and crossed the road in Lower Bernard-street, St. George's in the East - I saw the prisoner again in custody, and am confident she is the person.


                  JOHN 
                  WENDY
               



            . I am a butcher. On the afternoon of the 13th of October I had just returned from Romford, and as I sat at tea, I saw the prisoner walking up and down my street, near the prosecutor's door; I then went to bed, and in three quarters of an hour I heard a noise and screaming in the street, as if it had been all on fire; I pushed up my window, and they said a woman had run away with a child in a nankeen bonnet - I went to bed again, and went out about four o'clock in the morning, to go to Smithfield; I got to Whitchapel church at five minutes past five, and on going on towards Petticoat-lane I met the prisoner with the child rolled up in her apron; I said "What have you there?" she said, "Mr child;" I said,"How long have you had it?" and pulling her apron on one side, I saw the child with a little nankeen bonnet on- I said, "You have stolen this child from a neighbour of mine. and her poor father and mother have been distracted;" I found a Policeman, and gave her in charge - in going down the Commercial-road I said, "What a wicked woman you must be; if you knew the distress of the parents, you would hardly forgive yourself;" she said,"I can't help it, a fat woman in a black gown gave me the child" - I took her to the house, and I think the father took the child in.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not tell you I was looking for the mother of the child, as a woman had put it into my arms? A. No, you never said so to me.
Prisoner. I did - I have eight children of my own, and three under six years of age.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
