








917. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  GRIFFITHS
               




            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STANFORD
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GANDER
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KELLY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of February
, 1 cap, value 9s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Hugh 
                           McMahon
                        



                     
                  , the elder, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Hugh 
                           McMahon
                        



, the younger.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  McMAHON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Hugh 
                  McMahon
               



            , a journeyman tailor
 - we live in Camden-street, Camden-town


; my son Hugh is eight years old. On the 24th of February, between seven and eight o'clock in theevening, I saw him standing at the door, with the cap on his head - I did not see him go from the door myself; it was a cloth cap, worth 8s. or 9s. - I met him crying in the street in about ten minutes; he complained that some boys who passed the door had dropped a halfpenny, and asked if he would have it - that when he stopped to pick it up, they snatched his cap off, and ran away with it; I have since seen the peak of it, and am certain it is the peak of his cap - I saw the prisoners in custody in about ten minutes, and heard them accusing each other of having taken the cap off the child's head.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q.And, of course, they each denied it? A. Yes, I rather think so - I know nothing of a hat being found.
HUGH McMAHON. I live with my parents. I was standing at the door, and saw some boys - I recollect five boys; I cannot recollect whether the prisoners were part of them - the boys took the cap off my head, and ran away with it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did the boy who took the cap put another on your head? A. Yes, but he took that off again.


                  JOHN 
                  BURK
               



            . I live in King's-road, near to Mrs. McMahon. On the 24th of February I saw the last witness in Camden-street, Camden-town, standing outside the door on the flag-stone - I saw the four prisoners, and another boy named Batcheler, hustle him, pushing him about; I cannot swear whether he had any thing on his head, as it was rather dusk - I did not see them do any thing but run away, after hustling him; I saw him again in about ten minutes, and assisted in apprehending Kelly and Stanford.
Cross-examined. Q. What took you to the spot? A. I was going on an errand - I live with my father, and sell fruit about the street; I was not acquainted with Batcheler - I know all the prisoners perfectly well; I did not see the cap taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 24th of February, at near eight o'clock at night, I heard the call of Police, and took Batcheler and Stanford - Burk secured two more; the whole five were together - I charged them with stealing the cap, having seen Mrs. McMahon; I saw one of them throw what appeared to me to be a cap into the road, but I could not secure it - I took Batcheler, Stanford, and Kelly to the station-house; I afterwards went and took he other two from Batcheler's information, as he said, as we went along, "If you won't hurt me I will tell you who stole the cap, and where it is;" I took the others to the station, and went back with him - he showed me where they had thrown the cap, and I found on Griffiths a knife, which the cap had been cut with; the cap had been cut, for the peak, which has been found, has part of the leather fastened to it - I only found the peak where Batcheler took me; it was thrown down an area.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you take on yourself to say that Griffiths cut the cap? A. No, but he is the only one who had the knife - when I took Batcheler he had Kelly's old cap on; I found his own cap next morning in a field- Batcheler did not say he had taken the cap himself.
MRS. McMAHON. I swear this is the peak of my boy's cap; it is leather - I know it, because I beat him severely for breaking it at school; this is broken in two places, the same as his was.
Cross-examined. Q. That accident might happen to any other cap? A. I know this is the peak - my husband made it himself, and there are a great many more holes in it than necessary, as he did not understand the mode of putting it on.
WILLIAM BATCHELER. I am nearly fourteen years old. I was in company with the prisoners on the 24th of February, and saw Mrs. McMahon's son outside the door Griffiths said to him, "I have lost a halfpenny down here, and if you like to find it you may keep it for yourself;" he stooped to look for it, and Griffiths snatched off his cap and put his own on the boy's head - he then took his own off his head again, and ran away; the boy's cap looked like a new one - the other three prisoners were with him at the time; he gave his cap to Kelly, who said, "I am d - d if I don't wear this cap;" I said, "Kelly, mine is a poor old cap, you may as well give me yours;" I saw all this done.
Q. What did you say? A. They were going up higher to steal a till - they had a leg of mutton, and a batter pudding the night before; I told him to give the cap back to the boy, but he would not - I was taken in a quarter of an hour, and told of this directly.
Q. Why not go and tell Mrs. McMahon? A. They all ran away, and I with them - Griffiths cut the peak off the cap with an iron handled knife, he chucked it down an area, and then put it on Kelly's head; I have known the prisoners about three months, but did not keep company with them - I live with my parents; my father sells watercresses, and I go about with him.
Cross-examined. Q. You went about every day with water-cresses? A. Except being in the House of Correction for a month with Stanford, when they took him, and me for being with him - he has been there sixteen times; I was never there but once - I did not keep up an acquaintance with him: I was going out to call my brother to tea this day, and I met him - we had not been out of prison two hours then - they made me go with them, for Griffiths snatched off my cap to make me come, and said he was going to get a batter pudding; it was not my cap that was put on the boy's head - I meant to tell the first officer I met of it; I was always brought up honest - Griffiths only threw the peak into the area; he threw the cap into an old iron-shop - I took the officer to the shop in half an hour, but he could not find it; I got my cap back in the morning.
Stanford's Defence. I deny all Batcheler has said - he did not go to find the cap till the morning.
Kelly's Defence. He said he would go and nick the cap, and we ran on; when he went home he asked Griffiths to lend him his knife, and he cut the peak off - he knocked my cap off, then picked it up, and said my cap was on his head.
Gander's Defence. Batcheler said, "Here is a half-penny for you," and when the boy stopped, he knocked off his hat, and ran away.
Griffiths, Gander, and Kelly received a good character.
STANFORD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GRIFFITHS - GUILTY. Aged 13.
GANDER - GUILTY. Aged 9.
KELLY - GUILTY. Aged 14.



               Judgment Respited
            






.
