





1441. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     RAIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Perkes
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
GEORGE PERKES. I am a warehouseman
, and live in Lad-lane. On Sunday, the 26th of June, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was walking down the Cityroad


, with my wife; a gentleman opposite gave me information that my pocket was picked - I felt, and missed my silk handkerchief, which was safe just before; I turned round, and saw three lads running, two close together, and one of the two dropped my handkerchief - I do not know which; I pursued the prisoner - he turned up Baldwin-street; I lost sight of him just while he turned the corner, and saw him again directly - he was stopped at the top of Baldwin-street, and I took him; I said, "You have picked my pocket;" he said, "Don't take me Sir, I have not had any thing to eat to-day;" I secured him, and gave him in charge - the handkerchief was afterwards delivered to me; it has my name in full on it.


                  GEORGE 
                  GLASSOP
               



            . I am a comb-maker. On the 26th of June I was in the City-road, and saw Mr. Perkes there - I heard a cry of Stop thief! went into the middle of the road, twenty or thirty yards from Perkes, and saw the prisoner running away, and another in his company - I saw the prisoner drop the handkerchief, which I picked up; I continued the pursuit, and he was stopped by a City officer - I showed the handkerchief of Perkes, who claimed it.
ROBERT SMITH. I am an officer of Broad-street ward. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and joined in the pursuit - there appeared to be two boys running; the prosecutor was in pursuit - I came up at the very moment he stopped the prisoner, and took him in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking behind two boys, who threw the handkerchief down - I took it up; the gentleman ran after me, and I threw it down.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
Second London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
