




1920. 




JOSEPH ALLEN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
12th of August, 2 half-crowns, and 1 shilling, the monies of 



Thomas Brigden, from his person.






THOMAS BRIGDEN
. I am a gardener, and live at Hendon. On the 12th of August I was coming from Hendon about twelve o'clock at night—I saw the prisoner in High-street, Hampstead—he was a stranger to me—he asked me where I was going—I said I was going to London, through Portland-town—he said, "I am going to St. John's Wood, and we will walk together"—I said, "That is as you please"—he said, "We may as well have some beer first"—I said, "No; the houses are all shut up"—he said, "Here is a light here, we can get some"—I said, "No; it is a private house"—we came out of the town, and in going along by the second field, he said, "I have often heard of people being robbed, what money have you got about you?"—I said, "Five or six shillings"-"Pull it out," he said, and "I shall see what you have got"—I did so, and he caught my fingers with his left hand, and took the money out with his right—I asked him to give it me again—he said no; he should not till he came to St. John's Wood, and then he should know that I had got it—when we got near St. John's Wood, through the toll-bar gate, I asked him again—he said he would not give it me—he made a start, and went to get over agate—I caught him—he fell over into the field, and before I could get over, he was up and gone—I called "Police"-a policeman came up, and I told him I had been robbed by a soldier, who had gone across the field—the policeman said, "I will go over into the field, and you go to the bottom of this road, where you will see another policeman, and tell him to stop there"—I went on, and as I did not see a policeman for a few minutes, I laid down under the wall—I saw the prisoner come by me, and go up a turning which had no thoroughfare—he turned back and went on the road—I followed him till we came to a policeman, and gave him in charge—I am satisfied he is the same man.

Prisoner. When I met with you in Hampstead, you were with some men at a public-house door, and you said, "Soldier, come here and have something to drink"-and I went to you-you gave me your money.

Witness. I did not ask him to drink—there was no beer to be got—the buses were all shut up—I never gave him my money.





PHILIP STEPHENS
 (police-constable S 200.) I was on duty in Abbey-road, Hampstead, that Sunday night about twelve o'clock. I met the prisoner and the prosecutor—the prisoner was thirty yards in advance of the prosecutor-when the prosecutor came up he said, "I give that soldier in charge for robbing me"-at that time the soldier was running, and he took a turning to the right—I pursued him about two hundred yards, and took him—I asked him if he had robbed the man—he said he certainly took some money from him, but by his permission—he said he had spent all the money but one shilling which he had in his hand—I searched him, and found these two half-crowns in his coat pocket behind.

Prisoner. I did not run till I heard him give me in charge—he was very drunk. Witness. The prosecutor was not drunk.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.
