





721. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     JEMMETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of January
, 1 hat, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Delaport
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  ANN 
                  LANGDON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Bullem Langdon
               



             - he lives in Essex-street, Globe-fields, and is an accountant. On the 28th of January I was with my niece, in Church-street, Bethnal-green


 - I saw the prisoner snatch a hat from a nail at Mr. Delaport's door; he ran away with it - I cried Stop thief! and he was brought back in custody; I am sure he is the person.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MARY SCOTT
               



            . I am Mrs. Langdon's niece, and saw the prisoner take the hat.


                  DAVID 
                  CARR
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 28th of January I heard an alarm in Church-street, and saw the prisoner running near Club-row - I took him, and a person said he had thrown the hat away; the hat was given into a shop; I think he was fifty yards from the prosecutor's.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DELAPORT
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Delaport
               



             - he lives in Church-street, Bethnal-green, and is acorn-meter - I keep the shop. On the 28th of January I heard an alarm, and missed this hat; I recovered it, with the paper round it, as it is now.
Prisoner's Defence. It was near nine o'clock; I heard a cry of Stop thief! and ran, as others did; I never saw the hat till I was taken to the shop.


                  DAVID 
                  CARR
               



            . There were a good many persons behind the prisoner, but none before him; he was turning the corner as I laid hold of him - there was light from the gas; he had lost a shoe in running, which he did not get again.


                  THOMAS 
                  HENRY THOMPSON
               



            . I am a Police-serjeant. I have a certificate of the former conviction of the prisoner, which I got from Mr. Clark's office - (read); he was imprisoned six months - I was present at his trial, and know he is the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22 - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
