



97. 





JOHN DAVEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of August, 52 yards of linen cloth, value 4l.; and 1 shawl, value 2l.; the goods of 




George Read, his master.






GEORGE READ
. I am a linen draper, and live in Upper-street, Islington. The prisoner was my apprentice for nine months—he absconded on the 23rd of October—I did not miss any Irish linen while he was with me.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I am a pawnbroker at Islington. The prisoner pawned a piece of linen with me on the 16th of September, and a shawl on the 8th of August—I produce the linen—he said it was his property.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long was he with you? A. Perhaps ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—I had seen him before, and am certain of him.

MR. READ
re-examined. This linen is my property—I know it by the mark on it, AR—the prisoner had access to it—he slept in the shop—the shop-mark is partly rubbed out—I know this letter to be the prisoner's hand-writing—(read)—"To Mr. Read, Draper—Dear Sir, I would not have you think for one moment that I address you on the present occasion for pardon for my past act of felony committed by me on your premises-it is to announce to you that it is my intention to make a true and can did confession of every thing I have taken from you, when I appear before the Magistrate to-morrow at Hatton-garden. I have been in prison a fortnight to-day, and have made up my mind to undergo what punishment is inflicted, as I have been such a guilty wretch I would not plead for pardon, but hope when you come you will be as calm as you can with me. When I wrote you the letter I had made up my mind to drown myself, but my conscience smote me and would not let me do it; had I done that awful crime I should have been plunged into perdition. I have to ask you one favour, that you will not mention me to the young men, as I could not see one of them. I hope this will enable you to hear what I have to say with calmness. I mean to confess every thing—I would not omit one thing to save my neck from the halter.

Cross-examined. Q. How long had the prisoner been with you? A.


Ten months—he came from his uncle who he had lived with me three years—his uncle is a watchmaker—he left him from defective sight—his uncle gave him a most excellent character, and his friends are very respectable.
—DUKE. I was present at the prisoner's examination. I put my name to this statement as a witness—(read in part)—"The prisoner states there were three pieces of linen—the first piece Mr. Smith took in pawn,"




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—Recommended to mercy.




Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Justice Park.

