



37. 




JOHN STEVENSON, alias
 George Streatley

, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of October, 1 mare, price 15l., the property of 



William Goddard.


MR. CARRINOTON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM GODDARD
. I live at Brimpton, Berks. I had a mare in my possession on Monday the 14th of October—at six o'clock in the evening, I turned her into a meadow—I missed her next morning at four o'clock, and found the gate of the field ajar—I had shut it the night before, and put a stick through the staple—I found her in possession of Wiggins the police-inspector, on the Saturday following.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you quite sure the mare you saw was yours? A. Yes.





LUKE MIDDLETON
. I live at Brimpton. I have known the prisoner from a lad, and know his lather very well—his name is Robert Streatley—on Monday, the 14th of October, I saw the prisoner about a hundred yards from Goddard's meadow, about seven o'clock in the evening—I do not know whether he lived at Brimpton at that time.





WILLIAM HEDGES
. I live in Burn-street, Mary-le-bone. On Tuesday morning, the 15th of October, the prisoner came to me, about ten o'clock, and asked if I had got a low-priced horse that I could exchange with him for one he had got—I said, "I have several, where is yours?"—he said, "Up in Portland-market, at Stevens's potato warehouse"—I sent him to fetch it, and he brought down a brown mare—I asked what he wanted for her—he said, 16l., that his father told him to ask that, but he had broken its knees since he left home, and therefore he considered it worth not so much—I asked what he considered a fair price—he said, 7l.—I said, "You don't mean so much as that; I think you must mean about 4l. "—he then came down to 6l.—I rose to 5l., and agreed for 5l. 10s.—in consequence of suspicion I locked the mare up, and went to Hempson, a neighbour, and made a communication to him—I took the prisoner with me—shortly afterwards I was obliged to go to Guildhall, and left them—the mare was afterwards in the hands of the police.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the police take it away? A. No, but I knew the mare again—I have five or six horses, but I do not think there

was above one or two in the stable—I am positive the one the prisoner sold me was in the hands of the police.

MR. CARRINGTON. Q. Did you see it in possession of the policeman? A. Yes—and it was the same mare.





JOHN NATHANIEL HEMPSON
. I am a butcher, and live in Chapel-street, Edgeware. Mr. Hedges came to me with the prisoner on Tuesday morning, the 15th—he said he had bought a mare of the prisoner for 5l. 10s., and requested me to pay him the 5l. 10s. on his account, and on crossing the shop to my desk he intimated his suspicions—he went away, leaving the prisoner with me—I made an excuse to him that I had not sufficient cash in the house, and must go to Cavendish-square to the bankers to get it—instead of which I got the inspector, who came, and took him.





WILLIAM WIGGINS
. I am a police-inspector. Hempson came to me—I took the prisoner into custody—after getting a few yards from the stable he said he wished to go up and see a friend, Mr. Stevens, a salesman, in Portman-market—I said he must go with me—but a few yards further he ran away—he was stopped by another officer—I took possession of the mare—the stable was broken open in my presence—Goddard claimed the mare.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.
