





999. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     LYNCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of May
, 2 half-crowns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Durham
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DURHAM
               



            . I am a labourer
, and live in Whitecross-street. On the 5th of May, at one o'clock in the morning, I met the prisoner in Whitecross-street - I had been drinking, but was not drunk - she asked me to go with her, I said I would; she asked me what I would give her, I said sixpence - she did not seem satisfied, but she consented - we went to some alley, and into a room on the ground floor of a house; I paid her the sixpence; I had then two half-crowns in my right-hand waistcoat pocket inside; we went on the bed - I missed my money in a short time - I took hold of her and said, I would have my money; she cried out Murder; a number of men and women came to the door and wanted to come in, I said, the first that came in, whether man or woman, I would knock them down, except it was a policeman; the prisoner then went to the window and opened it - I have never got my money.


                  STEPHEN 
                  PLUNT
               



             (Police-constable, G 138). I went into the room, there were a great many persons round the door; the prisoner went to the window, put her hand outside, and I heard money chink - there were thieves and prostitutes round the house.
Prisoner. Q. Was it money or glass that you heard? A. It was money on my oath.
Prisoner's Defence. I said I would not take sixpence of him nor of any man; he said he had no more money, but he would give me some the next morning - he then took hold of my neck and knocked my head on the ground - I never had any money but the sixpence he gave me, and one shilling and a farthing, which I had earned where I had been at work - I called out for the officer myself - I don't know two persons in the neighbourhood, but when I cried out one of them went for the officer - the officer found one half-crown on the prosecutor - it was glass that broke; it was not money.
SAMUEL PLUNT. The prosecutor had one half-crown on him; he said he had three and lost two.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
