






2296. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ADAMS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     ADAMS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
, 17 slates, value 2s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Thornthwaite 
                     Gellatly
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  THORNTHWAITE GELLATLY
               



            . I am a slater
 -I bought these slates, and sent them to cover some new buildings, near London-bridge


; all the slates there were mine - they were within the hoard of the buildings near the bridge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FLANNAGAN
               



            . I work for the prosecutor at the new buildings, near London-bridge. On the 29th of September I counted these slates overnight, and the next morning, at seven o'clock, I counted them again, and missed some - I do not know either of the prisoners, nor did I see them near the spot.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POWELL
               



            . On the 29th of September, at halfpast six o'clock, these two prisoners came to the building, and took up a quantity of slates; I did not count them - I work there for Mr. Piper; the lad walked first, and then the man came and took the slates - I called to them, and said, "What are you going to do with those?" he said,"It is all right," and I let them go away.


                  William 
                  Adams
               



            . Q. How came you to say it was a quarter to nine o'clock? A. I did not say so; they carried them right away - I did not know, but what they were doing right.


                  William 
                  Adams
               



            ' Defence. I was never near the premises.
W. ADAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 53.



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
H. ADAMS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
