






1676. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HUGHES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CARNEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Norris
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
CARNEY 


               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
ROBERT NORRIS. I am an East India agent
, and live in Hatton-garden. On the 22nd of July, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I was on Holborn-hill


, going into the City, and was not aware that my handkerchief was taken until the officer told me - he was in the act of securing the prisoners; I saw my handkerchief on the ground, close to me.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am an officer of the City. I saw Mr. Norris walking arm-in-arm with another gentleman down Holborn - the two prisoners and another boy got behind him; the other boy got away as soon as Stone laid hold of one of them - I saw Carney take hold of the handkerchief twice before he got it out; the other two were with him at the time, and could not avoid seeing him - a cart passed, which prevented my crossing to take hold ofthem; when I got across Stone had both the prisoners, one in each hand, and the handkerchief laid between them- he crossed before the cart passed; I am quite sure of their persons, and had seen them repeatedly before.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  ALLEN STONE
               



            . I belong to the City Police. I was with Davis, who told me to look out - I saw Hughes take the handkerchief from the gentleman's pocket; the other one had his hand ready to receive it - I seized them - in the scuffle the hat dropped out of his hand, and the handkerchief fell at his feet.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Hughes' Defence. I was coming down Holborn, by the side of the prosecutor, but did not know him - all in a moment the officer caught hold of me and Carney - at that instant Carney dropped the handkerchief.
HUGHES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
Both 



               Transported for Life
            .
