




2308. 




JOHN PEREZ DE CASTANOS
 and 




PIEDRO CALLIGANI
 were again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
26th of September, 3 seals, value 3l. 6l., the goods of 



James Marmaduke Constable.






JAMES MARMADUKE CONSTABLE
. I am a jeweller, and live at No. 203, Regent-street. The two prisoners came to my shop on Monday morning the 26th of September, between ten and eleven o'clock—Castanos asked to see some seals—I showed him a tray containing forty or fifty—they were there about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, but bought none—I have since missed three seals—two of those produced are mine—one I can swear to most positively—I sold no seals at all between the time of their calling and my seeing the seals—I am certain I had sold them to any body.





RICHARD BRADSHAW
. I took the prisoners into custody on Monday the 26th of September, at a quarter after eleven o'clock, in Margaret-street, which is not above five minutes walk from Constable's.

Castanos. We had to go to our lodging, to leave the seals, and then to Mr. West, all in half an hour, I think that is impossible. Witness. Lisle-street is about ten minutes' walk from Constable's, but that must be slow walking—I should say five minutes—Mr. West lives in Margaret-street, Cavendish-square—I examined the prisoners' lodging, and found the two seals I suppose to be Mr. Constable's, sewn up in the bottom of the cloak.





JAMES MARMADUKE CONSTABLE

re-examined. I only swear to one seal, and that is from a curious blood-stone in it—there is a great quantity of red in it.





MARGARET COQUREL
. I remember the day the prisoners were apprehended, it was on a Monday—I do not recollect at what time they went away.

Castanos. Q. Did we come back to the lodging after leaving there the first time? A. I cannot recollect.





LEWIS COQUREL
. I remember the Monday the prisoners were taken—I am not able to say whether they came home after being out that

morning—we have fifteen lodgers, and it is impossible to recollect—they went away in the morning.

Castanos's Defence. From the moment we left the lodging we could not have put the seals there, it must be evident, whether we came home or not. I cannot he answerable for the seals being there—the manner in which they came there does not appear.

Calligani's Defence. I never saw the seals from the time I received them from my friend—there is no proof that I stole them.

CASTANOS—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.

CALLIGANI—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.




Transported for Life.
(There were five other indictments against the prisoners.)
