



306. 




EDWARD BLAKE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of October, at Littleton, 1 cow, price 10l., the property of 



Thomas Spronston.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS SPRONSTON
. I am a farmer living at Padders farm, Chertsey, Surrey. On the 8th of September, I sent two cows to Chertsey-mead, one of them I lost—it was a yellow-red one, about four years old—I saw it in the mead with the other cows—on the 14th or 15th of October—I was offered 10l., for it by two people before I sent it to the mead—I understood one of my neighbours had lost two cows from the same mead.





WILLIAM FISHER
. I am a farmer at Chertsey. My farm adjoins Mr. Spronston's, it is all round it nearly—I have seen his yellow-red cow many times—I think it was about four years old—I have seen it from a calf—on the 20th of October, I and my son were going to Kensington with a horse and cart and goods—we were at a place called the High-bridge at Littleton—I there saw the prisoner, and another man, with three cows—I knew the prisoner before—it was about twelve o'clock at night—they were driving them as fast as the cows could run nearly, from Chertsey towards town—they passed us, I ran after them, and overtook them as near as I could, to see if I could see the second man—I am sure the prisoner was one of them—I knew one of these cows to be Mr. Spronston's—I had seen it a great many times—there is no probability of being mistaken—it was a very bright moonlight night—I had known the prisoner from a child.

Prisoner. Q. How was I dressed? A. You had a smock-frock on, what I call a white me.

JURY. Q. Was there any mark on the cow? A. Yes, there was some white about it—we call it pied—the chief of the colour was yellow-red—I have no doubt at all of its being Mr. Spronston's.





SHADRACH FISHER
. I was with my father on the 20th of October, and

saw the men with the cows—I did not know the men—one had a kind of white frock on—I made a remark to my father—the next morning I saw the prisoner on the top of one of the Kensington coaches—he had a kind of white round frock on.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ever see me in a white round frock? A. I do not know that I did before, but you had it on then—I knew the cows, but could not tell that one of them was the prosecutor's.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ever see me in a white round frock? A. I do not know that I did before, but you had it on then—I knew the cows, but could not tell that one of them was the prosecutor's.

JURY. Q. What distance were you off when you saw the prisoner that night? A. Five or Six yards off.

Prisoner's Defence. I was in a public-house.





DANIEL MATTHEWS
. I am a labourer at Chertsey. On the 20th of October I was in the tap-room of the Royal Oak, a beer-shop—I know Chertsey-mead—it is between three and four hundred yards from there—I saw the prisoner and Edward Brisco—I cannot tell the time, we call it night—when I went away it was half-past nine o'clock—I left the prisoner and Brisco behind me—they went into the first room—I went there about six o'clock—I cannot say how long it was after I went in that I saw the prisoner and Brisco go into the parlour—it was about an hour—I had no watch—I saw no more of them that night.





THOMAS GILES
. I am constable of Chertsey. I received the warrant to apprehend this man—I could not find him at all—I have never seen him till now—I made inquiries as soon as I had got the warrants, and he had absconded—he was taken by two Guildford officers, and brought to Chertsey.

JURY, to
WILLIAM FISHER. Q. Did you in consequence of seeing these men do any thing the following morning? A. All Along the road I made inquiries—I saw him on the coach coming out of Kensington, going towards Chertsey—I did not know the cows had been stolen.

Prisoner. I did not leave the public-house till twelve o'clock—I could not be at Littleton High-bridge at the time he say I was—I went from the Royal Oak with a horse and cart to Kingston.




GUILTY
.* Aged 33.—


Transported for Life.
