







1357. 
               
                  EDWIN 
                  GRIFFIN
               




            , 
               
                  CAROLINE 
                  WATSON
               




            , and 
               
                  ANN 
                  TYSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of July
, 6 knives, value 15s.; and 6 forks, value 15s.; the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Goodburn
                     




                  ; and that the said Caroline Watson had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  WOODHOUSE
               



            . On the 31st of July, I was passing along Bishopsgate-street


 - I saw Tyson looking in at the prosecutor's shop window - it was a very rainy morning - Griffin then came out of the shop and joined Tyson - they were then joined by Watson - they stopped for a moment, and Griffin then went into the shop again, and Tyson took her station at the window - I had seen something pass from Griffin to her - Griffin came out again and joined the two females, and then he passed something to Watson - he went in again, then came out, and they all walked off - I then saw Mr. Young, and we followed them to Wormwood-street, where they were taken - the officer took two knives from Griffin.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Where were the knives? A. One he took from his pocket himself, and the other was in his cap - I suppose they were taken a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's - they had turned, and I had lost sight of them - I had never seen Griffin before - it was ten minutes or a quarter before eight o'clock in the morning - I knew Griffin again by seeing him in company with the two girls - I observed he was marked with the smallpox - I was on the other side of the way when he went into the shop, perhaps fifteen or twenty yards from him - I could not see what he gave to the girls - it was something in white paper - when I first saw him, I suspected him to be the shop-boy - I lost sight of them when I ran into the watch-house.


                  GEORGE 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I was on the steps of the London Tavern on the 31st of July - this witness applied to me - I went with him and the officer to take the prisoners - I saw them all three together.


                  SAMUEL 
                  COOK
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoners - I asked Griffin what he had about him - this knifewas in his pocket, and this in his cap - they were then taken to the watch-house - I searched Griffin, but found nothing on him - while I was searching him, these six forks and four knives were laid on the bench - I had seen the bench before, and they were not there - a man who takes the City-toll, and a boy, were in the watch-house.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you been in the watch-house before you took the prisoners? A. No; I do not belong to that watch-house - when I went in, the bench was clear - I did not look purposely - the toll-keeper is not here - I asked him if he saw who laid them down - he said, "No."


                  HENRY 
                  FORESTER
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. John Goodburn - I know these knives and forks - they correspond with another half-dozen which were left in the shop - they were taken from a glass case.
Cross-examined. Q. When had you seen them last? A. On the evening before - there is no private mark on them - I was sitting at breakfast in the parlour, a little before eight o'clock that morning, and looking towards the shop - I was about twelve yards from the shop door - I had a pretty clear view of the shop - while I was taking my coffee I saw Tyson at the window, but I had no suspicion - it would scarcely take a moment to go to the glass-case - it was locked, but the key was in it - I considered I kept a sharp look-out, but a person might watch when my eyes were off the door.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FEARNE
               



             (police-constable N 244). I produce a certificate of the conviction of Caroline Watson, by the name of Caroline Beaton - I was present at the trial, and know she is the person. (Read.)(Mrs. Hunt, of No. 6, Bell-court; 
               
                  John 
                  Powell
               



            , a tailor, Commercial-road; Mr. Knight and 
               
                  John 
                  Carter
               



            , of Charter-house-square, gave Griffin a good character; and Mr. 
               
                  Francis 
                  Randall
               



            , of the Woolpack Tavern, engaged to send him out in the whale fishery.)
GRIFFIN - 

               GUILTY. Aged 15. - Judgment Respited
            




.
WATSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for for Seven Years
            .
TYSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Confined for Fourteen Days
            .
