






304. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of January
, 20 lbs. weight of bacon, value 13s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Freeman
               




            .
SARAH FREEMAN. I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Freeman
               



            , of Cecil-court, St. Martin's-lane


 - we keep a butter shop, and sell bacon
. On the 6th of January, about a quarter-past six o'clock in the evening, Mr. Murray told me this bacon was taken; I then looked and missed it - it weighed about twenty-four or twenty-five pounds; I had left it safe on the bacon-board in the shop when I went into my parlour - I saw it again, and can swear it is mine; it corresponds in every respect - I know the cut of it; this cut was in it at the time; it was in two pieces, as it is now.
DAVID MURRAY. I was passing the court at the time, and saw the two prisoners, with another man, looking about the premises; I watched them, and saw Williams go into the shop and come out with the bacon under his arm - he gave it to Wood, who put it into a sack; I followed Wood, and gave him in charge - he pointed out the other two persons; the officer took them, and I took Wood to the Police-office - we went to the shop, and the prosecutor missed the bacon - it was about two minutes after I had taken Wood.
Williams. Q. You said at Queen-square that Wood went into the shop? A. No, I did not.
Williams. Q. Yes you did the first time, and then the second time you said I went into the shop. A.Certainly not, but while the clerk was taking down the examination they changed places, and I had not known their names before - it was Williams went and took it; I am quite positive, and he gave it to Wood.


                  FREDERICK 
                  UDELL
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I received Wood in custody; he said another went into the shop - we went back to the shop; Wood pointed out the other two, and I took them - I believe the men did change places while they were at the office.
Williams' Defence. I stood in one place, and never moved: he swore that Wood went into the shop and gave it to me - I was walking along when they came and took me.
Wood's Defence. He first swore to Williams and then to me - we kept our places; I had never been in the shop- at the watch-house it was said that Williams came out of the shop, and I took the bacon from the steps of a door.
DAVID MURRAY. They stopped at the steps of a door- the bacon was given from one to the other.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
WOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
