





672. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     HEADNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of February
, 1 watch, value 6l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Catherine 
                           Sweetland
                        




                     
                  , in her dwelling-house
            .


                  CATHERINE 
                  SWEETLAND
               



            . I am a widow
, and live in Oxford-street


. Last Tuesday fortnight, about ten o'clock at night, I lent my servant this watch, to enable her to rise early in the morning - she slept in the front kitchen; I did not see it again till the Saturday following, when Yardley, a watchmaker, brought it to me - I went to bed about twelve o'clock; the house was all safe then.


                  MARY 
                  WILLS
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Sweetland - she delivered me the watch. I went to bed between ten and eleven o'clock, and put the watch on the kitchen dresser; there is a door which opens into the area - it was bolted; I was not disturbed in the night; I got up between five and six o'clock, and the watch was gone - I found the doors all closed, but the kitchen window had been opened - a person in the area could open it, as the bolt was rusty - it was shut at night, but not bolted; I never saw the prisoner in the house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EDEN
               



            . I live with Mr. Fox, a green-grocer, in Broadway, Westminster. On Thursday, the 9th of February, I was at the Feathers public-house, next door to master's; the prisoner followed me out of that house, and asked if I had a watch to dispose of; I said No, that I had got a new one, which there had been a conversation about in the house - I exchanged my new watch with him for a gold one; I saw him in custody about a week afterwards - I had given the watch to the officer; Sweetland claimed it - no money passed between us.


                  DANIEL 
                  DAWKINS
               



            . I am an officer I found a watch on the prisoner, which Eden said he had delivered to him - I received the gold watch from a watchmaker.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EDEN
               



            . This is the watch I gave him, and here is the gold one I had from him; I took it to the watchmaker to value, and he produced it at the office.
MRS. SWEETLAND. This is my watch; I gave 11l. for it nine years ago - I value it at 6l.
Prisoner. I bought the watch - John Williams was with me at the time.


                  DANIEL 
                  DAWKINS
               



            . He told me his mother had given him the watch in the country.




               GUILTY of stealing, to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 29
         




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
