






29. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WOODMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of November
, at St. Luke


, 1 watch, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Jerome
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  JEROME
               



            . I am assistant to my brother Thomas, he lives at No. 6, Union-street, Bishopsgate


, and is a pawnbroker
. I was in his shop on the 2nd of November, and the prisoner came in to pawn two watches; I sent the boy up stairs with them; I was then called to the the door, and remained there about two minutes; when I came back I saw the prisoner in a state of confusion, with his hands just put into his pockets; the boy then came down stairs, and told the prisoner the price he wanted for the two watches, was too much; the prisoner took them up, went as far as the door, and told the boy he had provided enough for his to-morrow's dinner, and he did not mind about pawning the watches; he then went away, and I missed this silver hunting watch from the back counter, when the gentleman came down from dinner, which was about twenty minutes after the prisoner was gone; it had been on the back counter in that part of the shop where the prisoner stood, when I was called to the door; if I don't swear altogether to the watch, I can to this piece of ribbon which was inside, and the words which are on it; this watch is in all respects like the one we lost, and the number and name which is Reynolds, are entered in our book; it had been pawned by Mrs. Edwards, for 1l. 12s.; on the Wednesday after the prisoner came to our shop again, and offered a hunting watch to pawn, which was not one of those he had offered on the 2nd of Novmber, and I sent for an officer; this watch had been on the back counter, and the prisoner could get it by opening the hatch door of the front counter, or he might have got over the counter; I don't think I should have seen him.
Prisoner. Q. Have you any shop in the parish of St. Luke's, Middlesex? A. No, our shop is in Bishopsgate, in the City of London; you were taken before the Lord Mayor, but the watch not having been found, you were discharged, but on the following evening, my brother was going by a pawnbroker's shop, and he stepped in, and found the watch; I cannot tell how far our counter is across, but you could not reach the watch with your arm, you must have got over the counter, or gone through the hatch.
COURT. Q. Your house is in Bishopsgate? A. Yes; in Union-street, Bishopsgate, in the City of London; I believe it is next door to the County of Middlesex; it is not five hundred yards off.
Prisoner. Q. Have I not been in the habit of frequenting your brother's shop? A. I have seen him before; he has been to pawn watches now and then; he has sold the duplicates, and brought persons to redeem them; I know nothing of my brother requesting you to take a forged duplicate of a gold watch; I did not make out a duplicate in the name of Moss for 5l.; I know nothing about it; all I know is, that you came and said, a gentleman wanted a gold watch, and one was produced which weighed one ounce, it was worth 4l. 10s., and you wished the duplicate to be made for 5l.
COURT. Q. What is the prisoner? A. I believe he deals in watches; when he was taken fifty-six duplicates were found on him, and twenty-five were for watches.
Prisoner. Having received the two watches back, I said, "Your brother gives very bad prices, but never mind, I have sufficient to get a Sunday's dinner to-morrow;" not, as he insinuates, by stealing his watch, but I had pawned one watch that day, and got 8s. profit by it.


                  CHARLES 
                  WORLEY
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Castle, a pawnbroker in Old-street, St. Luke's. I was there on the evening of the 2nd of November, and the prisoner came in and offered two or three watches - out of the number I selected this one, on which I lent him 30s.; he pawned it in the name of Wood - I have seen him on and off for several years; I always considered him a sort of dealer in watches or anything - I am quite sure this is the watch he pawned.
Prisoner. Were there not several other persons in the shop? Witness. I don't think there were more than three persons - I don't remember any other person bringing a watch at that time; but you brought this, and I took it of you; you offered two others; I said they did not suit me, and then you pulled this out - I don't think you pawned one on the day before; I remembered your person, but did not recollect your name at the moment, you told me it was Wood, and I put Wood.


                  SARAH 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Edwards
               



            . This is my husband's watch; I pawned it on the 1st of November, at Mr. Jerome's.
Prisoner. I wish to ask if it had been on the counter from the 1st of November to the 2nd.


                  JOSEPH 
                  JEROME
               



            . No; it was put into the drawer the night it was pawned; but the next morning the gentleman was going to take it up-stairs with some other watches, and it was on the back-counter.
Prisoner's Defence (written). I went to the prosecutor's for the purpose of pledging two silver watches. The shop lad took them up-stairs, and in about two minutes returned with them, saying the price would not do. I was at that time standing at the shop-door with the brother of the prosecutor; there was a young man with a broach standing in the next box to me. I declare to God, and in your presence, that I never saw any watch but these said two, and which were my own. On the Wednesday following, I went to Mr. Jerome's shop to pledge a silver hunting watch, and Mr. Jerome said he should retain that one, as I had stolen one from his shop on the Saturday previous. I told him if I had it was not likely I should come again to his shop, and if he thought I had really stolen it, he had better give me into custody; he then sent for an officer, and I was taken before the Lord Mayor, when his lordship dismissed the charge. I then returned to Mr. Jerome's shop for my watch which he had retained: he told me that as I had told the Lord Mayor, that he, (Mr. Jerome) was in the habit of making out false tickets of gold watches, he and several of the trade would look after me. On the following Friday I was again taken into custody on the same charge; and on the oath of Mr. Worley (another pawnbroker), who swore I pawned the watch with him. I was committed for trial. On the 1st of November, I pledged a silver hunting watch with Mr. Worley for 30s., and on the Saturday evening I went with the two first named watches to pledge, but we could not agree as to the amount to be lent on them. When I went in, the shop was full of customers, and there were two men also with silver watches for pledge at the same time; one of whom Iknew, his name was Gig. If I had stolen the watch as charged to me, it is not at all likely I should have offered it for pledge at a place where I was so well kmown; and if I had pawned it, why not have put my own name and address as I did on the hunter the day before? I have been in the watch trade all my life, with the exception of about thirteen years service on board a man-of-war under the command of Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Beresford
               



            . If I had the watch in my possession for five minutes, I should have opened it to ascertain its value, and then I must have seen the piece of marked silk which was said to have been in the case, and which I could easily have removed; and I could have taken off the namepiece and field the name off, and have engraved my own name and number instead I most soloemnly declare, that I know nothing whatever of the watch in question. It being Saturday evening, and Mr. Wolerey being busy, some other young man might have taken it in. I never have pledged anything in any other name than my own; and if I had pledged it, the ticket would have appeared with my own name and address.


                  Stephen 
                  Griffith
               



            , a silver polisher, gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transoported for Seven Years
            .
