





1683. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HITCHCOCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously puting off to 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Lawrence
                     



                  , 20 counterfeit shillings, at and for a lower rate and denomination than the same were counterfeited for
            .
MESSRS. SCARLETT and GURNEY conducted the prosecution.


                  ROBERT 
                  LAWRENCE
               



            . I am a fishmonger, and live in Lambeth-walk. In consequence of an application made to me, I met Gollocker and Myers, at Myers' house, on the 10th of June; Gollocker there searched me, to see if I had any money, and then provided me with four shillings, and Myers gave me six pence; I then went with them to Kingsland-road - I and Gollocker went to the sign of the Bull, and Myers went to the Weavers' Arms - Gollocker and I had a pint of porter, for which Gollocker paid; in about ten minutes the prisoner came in, he took a drink of porter and then beckoned me out - I had seen him on the day before, at the same house; we went into Edward-street, and Gollocker followed us - I went with the prisoner nearly to the bottom of the street, and asked what he had got; he said a score of bobs - I asked him the price - he said they were to be 4s.; he took a parcel out of his waistcoat pocket, and gave it me - I broke it open, and found there was a score; I gave him four shillings in return - I took one of them out of the paper, and threw it up with my thumb and finger, to give Myers a sight of it - we then went into the Weavers' Arms, called for a pot of ale, and the prisoner asked me when I should want any more; I said I would let him know; he then left, and I gave the twenty base shillings which I had from him to Gollocker, and he gave them to Myers, in my presence - we then went to Myers' house, where I marked them; I went to the prisoner's house on the 22nd of July, and he was there taken.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. How long have you been employed by the Mint? A. I have gone now and then for about eleven weeks; but I attend to my own trade - I am a fishmonger; I never passed bad coin; Gollocker knew I had taken seven bad shillings, and applied to me to assist in taking these people - I have not received a farthing; I have given evidence for the Mint once before; I expect to be paid for my loss of time, whether the prisoner is convicted or not - there is a dead wall where the sale took place; it is a long street.
JURY. Q.What did you see the prisoner for on the 9th? A. I went with Gollocker, and the prisoner and him had some transactions together; I made an arrangement with the prisoner to meet me on the next day - he asked Avis, in my presence, if I should want any thing, and he said Yes, a score of bobs.


                  JAMES 
                  GOLLOCKER
               



            . I am a constable, and live in King-street, Lambeth-walk. I applied to Lawrence to assist in apprehending the prisoner; I met Lawrence at Myers' house, on the 10th of June - I searched him, furnished him with four shillings, and Myers gave him 6d.; we then went to Kingland-road, to a public-house called the Bull; we went in, and had a pint of beer - the prisoner came in, and took part of the beer; he then went out, and Lawrence followed him - I followed them, and as they were going down Edward-street I heard Lawrence ask the prisoner how many he had got; he said a score - he took a paper parcel from his pocket, and Lawrence gave him something in return; we then went to the Weavers' Arms, and had a pot of ale together - I said to the prisoner, "We shall see you again by and by;" I received the money from Lawrence, and gave it to Myers - we went to Myers' house, and there Lawrencemarked the money: we did not take the prisoner at that time, because we had information that he was one of the coiners who resided in Wentworth-street - I had bought twenty of the prisoner myself on the 9th.
Cross-examined. Q.How long had you known Lawrence? A.Eight or ten years - I never employed him before; he has been engaged with others - he had three cases at Maidstone, which is all I know of; they were all three tried the same day - this is the first case here; the prisoner was aware I was near him - nobody was passing at the time.


                  RICHARD 
                  MYERS
               



            . On the 10th of June I accompanied Gollocker and Lawrence, and left them at the Bull-Lawrence had been searched, in my presence, at my house, and four good shillings were given him by Gollocker, and I gave him 6d.; I went to the sign of the Weavers' Arms, which is about the middle of Edward-street, where I could see what took place - the prisoner came down first, Lawrence next, and Gollocker next; the prisoner stood and put something into Lawrence's hand, and Lawrence gave him something in return - Lawrence threw up one of the shillings, to let me see what it was; they then came into the Weavers' Arms, and I drew back - this is the parcel.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I was at the Orchard public-house on the 22nd of July, and apprehended the prisoner; I found there was something in his waistcoat pocket, and asked him what it was - he said a bad shilling which he had taken a fortnight ago.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I have been long employed as inspector of counterfeit coin for the Mint. These shillings are all counterfeit.
Prisoner's Defence I have only to say that I know none of these gentlemen who now come to prosecute me -I never saw any of them before but Lawrence.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
