



1089. 




CHARLOTTE DOWNS
 was indicted

for stealing on the 
10th of April, 3 sovereigns, the monies of 



Thomas Batch, from his person.






THOMAS BATCH
. I am a general dealer. On Sunday night last, between twelve and one o'clock, I was near Arbour-street, Arbour-square, in the Commercial-road—the prisoner and two more women met me—the other two left, but the prisoner got hold of my arm and wished me to go home with her—I walked a little distance, for about a minute or minute and a half, and I found she had got her hand in my breeches pocket, where I had bad six sovereigns just before—I felt, and missed three sovereigns—I am confident the prisoner must have had them—I felt her hand nea there—I accused her of stealing three sovereigns—she said she had not get them—I heard them rattle in her mouth—I put my finger to her mouth and felt one of them—I had seen her put her hand to her mouth—I offered her, 5s. if she would return them. and said I would let her go; but if she did not deliver them up, I would call the police immediately—I did that—she tried to get away from me—as soon as the police made their appearance she threw herself on the ground, took the sovereigns out of her mouth, and tried to conceal them about her person—when the policeman came up I told them I had been robbed of three sovereigns—one of them had a lantern—he looked and found them.

Prisoner. You recollect you put your hand into your pocket, and pulled out your handkerchief, and three sovereigns fell on the ground, and then you knocked me down, and gave me the black eye I have now. Witness. No, I did not; she had that when I met her.





JEREMIAH HAINS
 (police-constable K 130.) At half-past twelve o'clock on Sunday night, there was a cry of "Police"—we made up to the place, and the prosecutor gave the prisoner in charge for robbing him of three sovereigns—she chucked herself on the grounds—my brother officer took one hand and I took the other—we raised her up, and she dropped these three soveregins—she had crossed her legs—we pulled them open, and then the sovereigns appeared under her—I did not notice whether she had a black eye.





RICHARD SMITH GREAVES
 (police-constable K 276.) I heard the cry, and went to the spot—the prisoner was on the ground—she had a black eye, and her face was scratched—the prosecutor charged her with having stolen three sovereigns—she placed her hands under her, and crossed her

legs—I took hold of one leg, and my brother office the other, and the sovereigns fell down.

Prisoner's Defence. The money came from his pocket, and he dropped them on the ground, and then he struck me—he was very much in liquor.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.
