





1031. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  HAWKINS
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the Prosecution.


                  ANN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I live at No. 41, Lothbury, and am housekeeper to Mr. Pearce. On the 17th of May, the prisoner came in the morning with a boy, and swept one chimney - he came again in the afternoon and swept two more - I then paid him 3s. for them, for his master, Mr. Badger.
Cross-examined by MR. STAMMERS. Q. When was your attention drawn to this circumstance? A. About a fortnight after it took place - I put down this money in my pay books, but it is not here - I did not say, when I paid the prisoner, "This is for Mr. Badger" - I said, "There is the money for sweeping the chimney."
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you give the boy some halfpence? A. Yes, I did - I sent to Mr. Badger, and this person came about nine o'clock in the morning, and about four or five o'clock in the afternoon.


                  JOHN 
                  TALBOT
               



            . I am apprenticed to Mr. Badger. I went with the prisoner to No. 41, Lothbury, on the morning of the 17th of May - I did not go in the afternoon.
Cross-examined. Q. What makes you remember the day? A. Because I swept the chimney there twelve or fourteen times, but not since May - I can swear it was the 17th.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was it the same day that Lecount went in the afternoon? A. Yes.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LECOUNT
               



            . I went in the afternoon of the 17th of May, to No. 41, Lothbury - I swept two chimneys for Mrs. Griffiths - she gave the prisoner 3s. - as I and the prisoner were going away, he told me to tell my master we had done two, and he should give his master 2s. - he did not say what he should do with the other shilling - he received 3s.

Cross-examined. Q. What did you tell your master? A. That we had done two.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am son-in-law of the prosecutor. The prisoner had to account to me for his work from time to time - on the 19th of May, I received from him 2s., which he said was for two chimneys done at No. 41, Lothbury.
Cross-examined. Q. Was Lecount by at the time? A. No - I am the only person who receives money, and the only person who can write - if the boys bring the money, and I am not at home, they pay Mr. Badger or Mrs. Badger - they have paid the servant; but there was no servant there then.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did he, on the 19th of May, account for 2s. for two chimneys swept there? A. Yes, he did.


                  RICHARD 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I am porter to Messrs. Mastermans. On Saturday, the 31st of May, the prisoner came with a boy and swept three chimneys - I paid him 3s., and gave the boy 3d.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PRIEST
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Badger. On the 31st of May, I went with the prisoner to Mr. Mastermans - I swept three chimneys - I saw the prisoner receive 3s. - as we were going home he told me to tell my master we had done only one.
WILLIAM DAVIS. I received of the prisoner, on the following Monday, 1s., for doing one chimney there; and he said he had broken two machine sticks.
Cross-examined. Q. During the time, did you pay the prisoner his wages? A. No; Mr. Badger did.


                  ANAH 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am in the employ of Gower and Co., No. 28, Coleman-street. On the 4th of June, the prisoner came with a boy, and swept two chimneys - I paid him 2s., and gave the boy 4d.
JOSEPH LECOUNT. I went with the prisoner, and swept the two chimneys there - he received 2s., and in going home he said he should keep 1s.
WILLIAM DAVIS. On the evening of the 4th of June, he paid me 1s., for one chimney swept there.


                  ROBERT 
                  BADGER
               




            . I am the prisoner's master. I cannot write; I can read - he never accounted to me for any of these monies.
Cross-examined. Q. Is any thing due to the prisoner for wages? A. Yes; but it was his own folly; he might have had it - he came for his box; but did not say a word about his wages.
Prisoner's Defence. I served seven years to the business - I have worked for the prosecutor 18 months as a journeyman, for 1s. 6d. a week, out of which I had to pay my washing - I called for my shoes, and he had me taken - it is a general thing with journeymen sweeper
s to have what they call chance jobs, or they could not live - I had to pay 6d. a week for washing - in Mr. Masterman's case, I settled with Mr. Badger.
MR. BADGER. I sent him there, but he paid me no money - he had 1s. 6d. a week, and his board and lodging; but they have a great deal given them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
