



1228. 




WILLIAM EDWARDS
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the warehouse of 



Charles Jones and others, his masters, on the 
26th of April, at St. Mary-le-bow, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 20 sovereigns, the monies of the said 



Charles Jones; 1 cash-box, value 9s.; 9 sovereigns, 8 half-crowns, 5 shillings; 1 bill of exchange, of the value of 1202l. 11s.; 1 of 323l. 11s. 6d.; 1 of 220l.; 1 of 95l. 10s.; 1 of 50l.; and 1 of 19l. 12s.; the goods and monies of 



Charles Jones and others, his masters.






CHARLES JONES
. I am agent to Messrs. Haddon and Sons, of Aberdeen—I have six partners altogether—our warehouse is in Bow-churchyard, in the parish of St. Mary-le-bow—myself and partners occupy the warehouse—it is not a dwelling-house—the prisoner was in our employ about nine weeks—he had the charge of the worsted department—On the 26th of April, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner brought down the books from the private counting-house, which I had been using

that day, and placed them in the iron safe in the warehouse—I had brought the cash-box down myself, previous to his going up for the books—it was always kept in the safe, and I placed it in the safe myself, on the top of some books which were there previous to his bringing the other books down—I then told him he might lock up the safe, and asked him if the cash-box was there—he said, "Yes, here it is, Sir," and put his hand up, as if towards the box—the safe is high up—I then walked towards the front door to speak to one of the young men, and in about ten minutes the prisoner brought me the keys, and said, "Here are your keys, Sir," and gave me the keys of the safe—I then saw the warehouse locked up, and the keys of the warehouse were taken to Mr. Haddon's housekeeper, who has a bouse next door—next morning I went to the warehouse, and gave the keys of the safe to one of our porters to get but the books—I saw him open the safe—I was not more than a yard from him—I asked the man if the cash-box was in the safe—he put his hand in, and said, "No, it is not here"—I looked myself, and it was not there—the safe is very small—I could see in a moment that it was not there—the prisoner did not come to the warehouse that morning—he never absented himself before, to my knowledge—I saw him at the Mansion-house in custody, about a week after, I think—I have not seen the cash-box since—it contained 30l. 5s. in gold and silver—twenty sovereigns belonged to myself, and nine sovereigns, eight half-crowns, and five shillings belonged to the firm—I have an account of the bills that were in the cash-box—here is a paper which I had printed to send to the different bankers, in case any of them should be negotiated—I cannot recollect very well what the bills were without this—I had a memorandum of the sums, but I have not got that here—I got the bills again on the Friday morning, by the twopenny post, in this envelope, which I am sure is in the prisoner's hand-writing—there is nothing written inside—there were six bills—I have not got any of them here—part of them have been paid since—I have had the envelope ever since.





ANN NEAL
. 1 am housekeeper to Mr. Haddon, who lives next door to Messrs. Jones and Co. The key of their warehouse is usually left in my keeping for the night. On Wednesday night, the 26th of April, it was left with me, and at half-past eight o'clock, the prisoner came and asked me for the loan of the keys, as he had forgotten to take out a parcel to take to one of the gentlemen—I went up stairs and brought him down the keys—he asked me to lend him a light, as he did not know justly where it was—I gave him a light—he returned in the course of five minutes, and brought me the keys and the candle—he bid me good night, and left his umbrella in my passage—I called after him, and said, "Sir, you have left your umbrella," and perceived a brown paper parcel under his arm—I cannot tell what it contained—it was about the size of a quartern loaf or a quartern brick—I did not take particular notice—it was more the shape of a brick than a loaf—he said he would leave his umbrella and call for it again—I saw no more of him till he was at the Mansion-house, on Friday last.





PHILIP WOODLAND
. I am porter to the prosecutor. I was present when the prisoner was apprehended at Brighton, last Tuesday week, the 2nd of May, by Forrester the officer—I made him no promise or threat—I asked how he came to go away with the cash-box in the way that he did—he said he did not know what possessed him to do so—he asked me then what Mr. Jones said about it—I told him 1 thought Mr. Jones would prosecute him—he said he could not help it, he had done it, and he was very sorry for

it—I asked him what he broke the cash-box open with—he told me with a small crowbar which he kept in the warehouse—I asked him what he had done with the box after he had taken out the contents—he said he threw it into the road—that he had taken a coach at the Elephant and Castle the following morning, at a quarter past eight o'clock, and he got to Brighton at two o'clock, that he was not in Brighton more than five minutes before he folded up the bills, and sent them back to London by one of the Brighton coachmen, to put into the twopenny post—that was all that passed between us.





DANIEL FORRESTER
. I am a constable of the Mansion-house. In consequence of information received from Brighton, I went down there with Woodland—I went to the Town-hall, as the prisoner was in custody before I got there—Woodland was in the room with him alone, and I did not hear the conversation between them—I cautioned him not to say any thing to me, as I was bound to make use of it against him.

Prisoners Defence. I am not Mr. Jones's servant—I was engaged by Mr. Haddon, and was paid by him, and Mr. Haddon discharged me on Monday, the 24th of April.

MR. JONES. We took the business of Mr. Haddon and sobs m March last—the engagement was that the servants should remain with us, he paying them up to the 24th—he was in our employ—I have never seen any of the money since.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Life.

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
