





OLD COURT. THURSDAY, APRIL 5.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
807. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     GREENWOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of February
, 4 coats, value 2l.; 3 waistcoats, value 30s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 10s.; 1 pair of breeches, value 10s.; 1 hat, value 8s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; 1 stock, value 2s.; 2 shirts, value 5s., and 1 watch, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Haile
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .
THOMAS HAILE. I live in Bridge-row, Paddington


. The prisoner lodged at my house for a month, and on the 21st of February, about ten o'clock in the morning, I left this property safe in my box in my bed-room - I returned at eight o'clock at night, found my box in the middle of the room, and all these things gone; the prisoner was also gone, and never returned - he left his working clothes behind him; he had given no notice to leave - he boarded with me, and worked for my mistress; I did not see him again till he was apprehended - the property is worth more than 5l.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILSON MEAGLE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Harrison, of Tottenham-court-road, pawnbroker. On the 23rd of February the prisoner pawned a silver watch for 7s., in the name of Henry Williams, Stafford-street; it is worth about 12s. - I believe him to be the man, but should not like to swear to him.


                  THOMAS 
                  HENRY THOMPSON
               



            . I am a Police-serjeant. On Tuesday night, the 13th of March, I met the prisoner in Hereford-street, Lisson-grove, and said I wanted him; he said, "What for?" - I told him for stealing a quantity of wearing-apparel from Paddington; he said "Come along,let us go and settle it" - I knocked at my own door in Hereford-street, and asked for the inventory, and read over to him all the articles stated in the indictment; he said he had only got 14s. for the lot, and 3s. 6d. for the watch - I asked where he had pawned it; he said, at Harrison's, in Tottenham-court-road - I went there, and Meagle said there was no watch pawned for 3s. 6d.; it was produced on the 16th and identified.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not tell me it would be better for me to confess? A. No such thing; I knew his friends so well, I took pity on him - I have known him some years; he was going to tell me more, but I would not hear him.
Prisoner. I left my old clothes with his wife for a week's lodging.(Watch produced and sworn to)




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
