



1892. 




JAMES DENNISON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
26th of May, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 



William Burnie Harrington, from his person.






WILLIAM BURNIE HARRINGTON
. I was walking with Rosina Murray, on the 26th of May, in New-street, Covent Garden—she pointed out the prisoner as having my handkerchief—I had felt a pull at my pocket, and my handkerchief was gone—I had it safe about a quarter of an hour before.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. What time was this? A. Half-past nine o'clock in the evening—it was twilight—Murray was walking on my right-hand inside—my handkerchief was in my left-hand pocket—I saw the prisoner pass me, and she pointed him out—I did not run after the prisoner—I walked on till I saw the policeman come round the corner, and told him of it—I was going from Covent Garden towards Leicester-square—the prisoner was going the same way—I did not see what became of the prisoner after I told the policeman—I had been to see a friend in Vinegar-yard—I had been in one public-house with Murray before I got to

New-street—I had had one glass of ginger-beer, but no spirits—I dare say I could have stopped the prisoner, but I was rather confused at the moment—I have not found my handkerchief.





ROSINA MURRAY
. I was walking with the prosecutor—I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief out of his pocket—he ran as fast as he could past us, and ran away—I had not seen the prisoner before—I am sure he is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you hold of the prosecutor's arm? A. No, I was walking by his side—the side next the wall, going towards Leicester-square—I saw a number of persons about, I cannot say How many—I turned my head at that moment as I heard some one coming behind me—I saw the prisoner close behind our heels—he drew the handkerchief as he passed, out of the prosecutor's left hand pocket, next the road—he ran on—I walked with the prosecutor nearly to St. Martin's church to get a policeman—I did not notice which way the prisoner ran—I could not see what sort of a handkerchief it was—he took it out top quick—I had not been in a public-house—I met the prosecutor in King-street, Covent-garden—I do not know Vinegar-yard—if the prosecutor says we had been in a public-house he tells a falsehood—the Magistrate did not think that I had stolen the handkerchief—he did not suspect me—the prisoner was remanded three or four times—I gave my address in Prince's-court—I saw the prisoner's mother, but I do not know her—I did not see her in Prince's-court—if she called there it was when I was out—I did not see her and use certain language to her—she spoke to me at Bow-street—I did not make her an answer with my fingers.





WILLIAM CLARK
 (police-constable F 129). I saw the prisoner about half-past nine o'clock that night coming down—the street—he passed close by me—I turned and looked after him—the prosecutor then came up and spoke to me—I said I had seen a person—I went after him, but he was gone through the courts.

Cross-examined. Q. This was in New-street? A. Yes, at the bottom of New-street—I have heard where the pocket had been picked—the gentleman was coming towards me—the prisoner was out of my sight when the prosecutor spoke to me—I did not see the prisoner run away.




GUILTY
.* Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Recorder.

