





636. 
               
                  
                     MORGAN 
                     POOL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, 20 sacks, value 20s., and 2 tons of flour, value 43l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Carpenter
                  




               
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  DAVID 
                  BALL
               



            . I am a flour salesman, and live in Bermondsey-street


 - I am agent to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Carpenter
               



            , of Greenwich, a miller
. The prisoner came four or five months ago to me, to purchase flour; I required a reference - he gave me one, with which I was not satisfied; I refused to deal with him - I had seen him at Mark-lane market before, but had no dealings with him. On the 9th of February he called at my house, and said, "Mr. Ball, I am come to buy flour now for ready money - and I am much obliged to you for not dealing with me before, as I have got into a better thing;" I took down his order for twenty sacks of flour, and he said I might have the money when I liked - I said it was my plan to have the money returned by the carman; he made some excuses for not paying the carman, in consequence of his having to pay for an article twice over at one time; I told him if I gave the carman orders to receive it, and told him to pay it, he would he perfectly safe; he said that would do - I then went to Greenwich, and gave orders for the flour to be sent, with a request by the carman for the money; I should not have sent it but on the condition that it should be paid for - I ordered the carman not to leave it without the money, and in case he should not get the money to take it to another customer where it would be safe.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. You knew him for some months? A. Yes - I had never been at his place- I had seen him at Mark-lane; he said when he ordered the flour, that he should have a better shop soon, one of the best in London; I gave orders for the flour to be sent about eleven o'clock in the morning, and it left the mill about half-past one, which is about seven or eight miles from his house - it might have got there between three and four o'clock.


                  SAMUEL 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I was sent with the twenty sacks of flour to Church-lane, Commercial-road; I got there about a quarter-past five o'clock - I saw the prisoner at the shop; I stopped, and showed him my delivery-note which I was to leave with him; and this other, which I was to take back, he wrote his name on; I told him I had brought twenty sacks of flour, and I believed I was to take 43l. back - he said, "Very well, my man, that is all right - take them in;" there was bread in the shop, but I did not see any other sacks, or flour - he got his machine ready, and weighed about five sacks at the beginning; he then said he was quite satisfied with the weight of the flour, and I might take in the rest without weighing it - when I had unloaded he asked me if I would have a little beer; I said Yes, if he pleased - he got a pot of beer, and I drank some; he then asked me to have a little gin - I said I would rather not; he then asked if I had got any change- I said I had a little; he said, "Have you got ten sovereigns?" I said, "No, I am not in the habit of carrying so much with me;" he then said, "I must put on my coat, and go with you into the City, to the Bank;" I said,"That is a long way for me to go - I don't like to go there;" he then said, "Very well, I have a friend on the other side of the Commercial-road, who will cash my note, or lend me as much till Monday;" I thought that was not a long distance, and I went with him to a small shop on the other side of the Commercial-road; there was only one quartern loaf in the window - he knocked at the door, and asked if the man was at home; a woman came and said,"No, he is not, and I don't know when he will be at home;" he turned from the door, and came across the Commercial-road towards my waggon, and I said to him, "Sir, you will give me great satisfaction if you will show me the note you want changed, or show it to any respectable tradesman to see that it is all right, and then I don't mind going with you" (he had drawn some paper partly out of his purse when he asked me to give him change); he answered,"Come along, you are all right" - I said, "No, I don't like that, I will go back to your house;" he said, "It is at my option now, whether I return your flour or no" - he turned to the right to go towards the City, and I turned back to go to his house, as I was afraid I had lost the flour, as I had left nobody there but my boy; the door was shut, I knocked, and his wife came to the door, but she would not let me in - she peeped out of a window over the door, and said, what did I want; I then covered my horses up, went to the Thames Police, and stated the case there. I had been ordered not to leave the flour without the money, and if I did not get it, to leave the flour at another customer's - I went to the shop with the officer.

Cross-examined. Q. When you went to the shop with the officer, did not the prisoner open the door? A. No, the officer put his arm in at a square of glass, and unlatched the door - the prisoner came to the door at the same time; I cannot say whether he opened the door or not - it was a baker's shop, but I saw no flour there; he did not tell me that I had come rather earlier than he expected, and he had not got the money ready; nor that there was a man in the neighbourhood who owed him the money, and he would go, and get it - he went to get change or to borrow; he did not express any great disappointment when he could not get it - nor say as the man was out, and he could not get the money I might take the flour back; when I asked him to show me the note, he said, "What, do you think I am going to rob you?" when I went back to his house he was not there - I did not expect he was, and his wife did not know whether he had got the money or not; I am sure he did not say that as Mr. Davidson was not at house, and he could not get the money, I might take the flour back - it was optional with me; I did not hear the name of Davidson.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I went with my father to deliver the flour - I did not leave the door till the officer came; my father told me not, because he thought he was going to be done out of the flour.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see your father go with the prisoner to some place? A. No, I was with the waggon at the side of the door for three quarters of an hour till the officer came.


                  JOHN 
                  MURRAY
               



             (Police-constable K 178). On the evening of the 9th of February, I was sent by the inspector at the Thames Police-office to watch the house till the search-warrant came; I got there about half-past seven o'clock, and found this boy sitting on a bench in front of the window - my brother officer, Silvester (who is ill and could not attend here) came with a warrant about five minutes after nine; I then knocked at the door three times with my staff, loud enough to be heard in any part of the house, but no one came; I saw a square of glass over the door which was cracked, and bad a piece out; I tried to get my hand in there and broke a piece more glass out. I got my arm in, 
               drew
             the lock back, and I found it was fastened at the bottom; I was about to get my staff in to force it open, and the prisoner came down stairs, without hat or shoes and opened the flour - Silvester told him he had a warrant for him, he said, "I have done nothing," I said he must consider himself as my prisoner for stealing twenty sacks of flour; he said he had done no such thing, and turned to go towards a back place through a passage; I followed him, but I could not see, as there was no light; as he was going along he gave a jump and his feet struck me - I said he had better come down, for I meant to have him; he came down, and I took him by the collar - he said he was only going for his shoes; his wife fetched his shoes down stairs - when the warrant was read to him he said he did not mean to defraud him; Silvester asked if he had a country note about him, which he had shown to the man; he said he had not, but he had had one, and he had given it to some person, but he did not know who; I saw the flour put into the waggon, and then took the prisoner to the station - I found on him 1l. and this bill of acceptance for 16l. 10s., which the prisoner said had been forged upon him by a person named Davidson, and I saw a person of that same at the office the next day; Silvester asked him if he had 43l. to pay for the flour - he said no, but if he had got the money for that bill from Davidson, he might have been able to pay it in a little time, with what he had in the house; I saw at the prisoner's, a table, with a carpet tied round it, and a pair of drawers, or a bedstead, tied up.
Cross-examined. Q. Was there any attempt to remove any flour while you remained before the house? A. No; he did not offer any resistance.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Could he, from his window, see that you were waiting in the street? A. Certainly.


                  SAMUEL 
                  JOHNSON
               



             re-examined. Q. Did the prisoner interfere with the delivery of the flour beyond the weighing of the first five sacks? A. No - he said he was satisfied; he said, "Bring the flour in, and I will pay you;" I took it in, but I did not, in fact, leave it without my boy - I whispered to my boy not to go away, but I do not think the prisoner knew that he was left there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
