






283. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SANDERS
               




             and 
               
                  LYDIA 
                  SIMS
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of November
, 1 pair of trousers, value 30s.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 razor, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 4s.; 1 pin, value 4s., and 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Strachan
               




            .
JOHN STRACHAN. On the 23rd of November I had a double bedded room at Mr. Nash's; I did not sleep there that night, but I went on the 24th, unlocked my box, and missed my trousers, waistcoat, razor, handkerchief, breast-pin, and a pair of gloves - these are the articles; I know nothing of the prisoners.


                  SARAH 
                  NASH
               



            . 
               
                  Lydia 
                  Sims
               



             came to the house, where I have apartments, in Robert-street, Grosvenor-square


, on the 23rd of November; she said she wanted a lodging for a friend, who had written to her from the country - that she expected him in two or three days, but that he might come that night; I said she must let me know if he came that night - a little after ten o'clock that evening, the male prisoner came and asked if a woman had taken a lodging - I said Yes; he asked if she had given any deposit - I said No; he gave me 2s. off the the week's rent, and went to bed in the room which Strachan had slept in the night before; he said he should not want the bed the next night, as he was going to Walthamstow with a family in the morning, and wished to be called at seven o'clock; my husband called him - I went to see if every thing was safe; I saw the trunk locked, and supposed every thing was safe - the prosecutor came that same day, and missed the articles.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q.Then this woman did not go into the room? A. Only with me to look at the room; in the course of the day I looked into the table-drawer, and missed the razor.
DAVID TRAIL. I have two handkerchiefs pawned with me by a female, in the name of Ann Barnard.
THOMAS WILLIAM ANDREWS. These trousers were pawned with me on the 14th of November, by the female prisoner, I believe, but I am not quite certain.


                  JOHN 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I took charge of this woman, and she denied knowing Sanders; I found him at her lodging - I found on him twenty-eight duplicates, among which were duplicates of the trousers, the waistcoat, and handkerchief.
SANDERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SIMS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
