





1051. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of April
, 120 skins of parchment, value 4l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Hinde
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I am in the employ of 
               
                  George 
                  Hinde
               



            , law-stationer
, of Poppin's-court, Fleet-street


; the prisoner was in the employ of Mr. Gadenne, a ruler of skins and paper - I knew him by his coming before for skins. He came to the shop one evening, on or about the 6th of April, and asked if I had got any thing for the ruler - I said I had just cut two rolls of parchment, and was going to sent them by the boy to he ruled; I offered them to him - he said, "Are these for me?" I said yes, and he took them away - I delivered them to him to be ruled by his master, for that special purpose; he never brought them back - I expected them in about a week, and in a fortnight went to Mr. Gadenne for them - he denied all knowledge of them; I have not seen them since; I did not see the prisoner again till he was taken, which was in about a fortnight, by his master's direction - the skins are worth about 4l. 10s.


                  DANIEL 
                  GADENNE
               



            . I rule parchments and paper for the trade. The prisoner had been my apprentice
 for two years and nine months; I did not send him to Mr. Hinde for this parchment - he absconded from me on the 26th of March, and in about a fortnight inquiry was made about this parchment; I never had it.
Prisoner. Master sent me - I was in his employ; he made me his errand-boy. Witness. He was never in my shop after the 26th of March; I heard he was at his mother's, and was going to have him apprehended and taken before the Chamberlain.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am in the service of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Hughes
               



            , a stationer, who lives about twenty yards from Gadenne. About the 6th of April the prisoner brought two rolls of parchment, and asked me to take care of them for a few minutes - I asked why he could not leave them in his master's shop; he said his master was gone to dinner, and the shop was shut up - he called for them it in a quarter of an hour, and I delivered them to him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HORTON
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner at his mother's - I had been looking for him for three or four days; I told him I took him for obtaining goods in his master's name by false pretences - I could get no answer from him.
Prisoner's Defence. I never left any parchment in that man's place - the gentleman says I got them in the evening, and he says I left them at dinner time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
