





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
1621. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     MONTAGUE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of August
, 1 piece of paper, value 1d., and 22 promissory notes, for payment of various sums, amounting to and value 400l., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Waterhouse
                        




                     
                  and another, his masters
            .
SECOND COUNT, for stealing the halves of the said notes.


                  MARY 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I live at Prior's-court, near Newbury. On the 24th of August I saw the halves of notes, amounting to 400l., packed in brown paper, and sealed and directed to Mr. Ashby - there were a good many notes of the Oxford and Newbury bank.


                  JOHN 
                  CLARIDGE
               



            . I am groom to Mr. Brooks. On the 24th of August I took a parcel, directed to Mr. Ashby, to the Post-office, to go by the mail-cart to Newbury, and then by mail to London - I am sure I delivered it safe.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAM BRODERICK
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Waterhouse and Co., at the Swan with Two Necks, Lad-lane


. On the 25th of August a parcel directed to Mr. Ashby, No. 56, Bunhill-row, came by the Regent coach; it was taken from the coach to the booking-office, and called over to me in the office by one of the porters - I checked it off the way-bill, and it was given to David Price, the porter, for delivery; it arrived at half-past eight o'clock in the morning, and should have been delivered by ten or eleven o'clock - I heard next day that it had not been delivered; I did not know the contents till the 1st of September. The prisoner was in Messrs. Waterhouse's employ, at 4s. a week - his father is horsekeeper at the inn.


                  DAVID 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am a porter at the Swan with Two Necks. I do not recollect taking this parcel in charge in particular; I have to deliver them to Henry Batten, to deliver - he is not here; I delivered him all the parcels I received from Broderick, to convey to their destination - the prisoner had access to the office at any time he chose; on the following evening, when I was making up my books, I missed this parcel; I have not seen it since, and did not know the contents.


                  THOMAS 
                  MONTAGUE
               



            . I am horsekeeper at the inn. The prisoner is my son; he brought me the half of a 20l. note about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, on the Wednesday week before I was examined at Guildhall, and said he had picked it up in the kennel in Gutter-lane; I gave it to Fowler - the prisoner has been employed at the inn about two years; he had to take care of the cart while the man goes to deliver the parcels, which are very numerous.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I am porter at the inn. On Thursday or Friday morning, the 26th or 27th of August, I received from Moutague the half of a 20l. note, and gave the same to Cleveland.


                  THOMAS 
                  DANIEL CLEVELAND
               



            . I am porter at the Swan with Two Necks. I received from Fowler, on the 26th or 27th, half a 20l. note; I kept it two or three days, and delivered it to Broderick, hearing a parcel had been lost, containing country notes.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAM BRODERICK
               



            . I gave the note up to Mr. Cope, the marshal; it was afterwards returned to me- I produce it; I have kept it ever since.


                  JOHN 
                  EDKINGTON
               



            . I am night porter at the Swan with Two Necks. The Regent coach arrived about half-past eight o'clock in the morning; I assisted in unloading it - I do not recollect this parcel: I conveyed all the parcels which came into my hands, into the office.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARBERTON BURFORD
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Robarts and Curtis. Some days after the 25th of August the prisoner came to our counter, and put over the half of a 10l. Newbury Bank note, No. 7743, dated the 2nd of October, 1828, payable at our house; he did not ask for payment, but merely stated that he had picked it up in Broad-street, near the Excise-office - he did not ask for any remuneration; Sir 
               
                  William 
                  Curtis
               



             was present, and said he considered it an honest transaction on the part of the boy, and wished me to take his address - he gave me his father's address as Mr. Brown, horsekeeper at Mr. Butler's, London-wall.


                  THOMAS 
                  MONTAGUE
               



            . My son lived with me at No. 28, Milton-street, formerly called Grub-street.


                  RICHARD 
                  ASHBY
               



            . I live at No. 56, Bunhill-row. I received from Mrs. Brooks, before the 26th of August, a parcel containing the halves of 400l. in country notes - there was a 10l. note among them; I have the halves corresponding with the 10l. and 30l. notes - they tally; I expected the other halves in the course of a few days, and wrote to Mr. Brooks to know why they had not been sent; I inquired at the inn, and found they had lost the parcel - I have only received the first halves; that parcel was directed right, and came to hand at No, 56, Bunhill-row - I expected nothing else in the parcel.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WADHAM COPE
               



            . I am a marshal of the City. I took the prisoner in charge at the Swan with Two Necks, on Thursday, the 2nd of September - I did not hold out threat or promise; I told him the charge, and questioned him about the half of the 20l. note - he said he found it on the 25th of August, in Gutter-lane - that it was running down the kennel on a very wet night; I asked where he had been the night before - he said he had been in Blackfriars-road, with his mother, at tea, and went home with her at eight o'clock, and went to bed; I made inquiry of his mother - she said in the office, in his hearing,that he had been out till nearly one o'clock in the morning: I searched him, and found nothing on him but a new pair of hessian boots - I asked where he got them; he said his father gave them to him - his father denied it, in his presence; I told him he was a wicked boy for telling so many falsehoods - he said he was sorry for it, and would tell the whole truth - that he met a boy in Huggin-lane, who gave him the half of a 20l. note - that he did not know the boy, and had never seen him before; I told him I should take him before a Magistrate - he began to cry, and said every thing he had been telling me was lies, and he would tell me the truth, that he had taken the parcel directed to Ashby, of Bunhill-row - that it contained notes, but he did not know to what amount, as he had only kept the half of the 20l. - that the cover, with part of the notes he had put into the fire at his father's, and the rest he had torn into small pieces, and put down the privy.
The prisoner put in a paper, expressing his contrition for the offence.
JURY to DAVID PRICE. Q. Is Batten here? A. No- I cannot say he ever had possession of the parcel; the parcels are thrown up to me on a board - I took them all off, and delivered them to Batten.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
