




1659. 




JOHN JONES



 was indicted for stealing, on the 
28th of June 35lbs. weight of lead, value 5s. the goods of the 

Commisssioners for paving St. Pancras St. George the Martyr, and St. George, Bloomsbury, and being fixed to a certain buliding, against the Statute, &c.—2 other Counts, stating it to belong to other persons.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the prosecution. WILLIAM PITCHFORD (police-constable E 25.) I was on duty in the neighbourhood of Mecklenburg-square about nine o'clock in the morning of the 28th of June, and saw the prisoner in Cromer-street, about a furlong from the Commissioners' tool-house—he had a carpet bag in his hand, and went into a marine store shop—I folowed him in, and found him offering some lead for sale—I asked how he came in possession of that lead—he said he bought it in the country—here are five pieces rolled up—part of it was in the scale, and part in the bag—I afterwards went to the tool-house, where the commissioners kept their tools, and found the roof had been stripped—this is part of the lead that had been on the roof—there was more taken than I have here, but this fitted as far as it went.

Prisoner. He stated that he accidentally came into the shop where I was—he did not see me with the lead, but they told him at Hatton-gardan, if he did not say so, he would not get his expenses. Witness I saw something in the bag so, and suspected it was lead—I was not told any thing of the sort at Hatton-garden.





THOMAS COLCROFT
. I am porter of the Foundling-hospital. I saw this lead fitted on the roof of the tool-house—it fitted on every respect, as fax as it would go—we have lost more than 1 cwt. of lead—I was in Hatton-gardan office the whole time; I heard no one say any thing to the officer as to what he was to say.

Prisoner. You were not there the first day. Witness. I was not there on the Monday.





THOMAS OSBORNE
. I am in the employment of the Commissioners of the Foundling-hospital. Sir William Curtis is one of the governore and a commissioner—I left the tool-house shut on the Saturday evening—the lead was safe then, and on the Sunday morning I missed it—the prisoner was taken the next morning.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
