




766. 




GRACE DRAPER
 and 




MARY MORGAN
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
13th of February, 2 half-crowns, 2 shillings, and 1 six-pence, the monies of 



James Holt, from his person.






JAMES HOLT
. I live in Woodland-street, Dalston, and keep a laundry. On the evening of the 13th of February, I was in the Kingsland-road, about eleven o'clock—I saw the two prisoners near the White Bear—Draper said it was a cold night, would I give her something to drink—I said I did not mind, and we turned back, and went into the White Bear—we had two quarterns of rum, and they had two penny worth of bread and cheese—I then had one pennyworth of beer—we came out—I was going home—they said they were going my way—Draper had hold of my arm, and Morgan was a little behind—I turned to see where she was, and Draper put her hand into my right-hand waistcoat pocket—I saw her hand in my pocket—I seized her hand, and said, "You have got my money"—I tried to get it out of her hand—Morgan then came up, and said, "What is the matter?"—she pushed me about, and tried to get Draper from me—I said, "Give me my money, or else I will call the police"—Draper then called "Bill"—a man rushed up, and began to push me about—I was obliged to let Draper go—she then put her hand behind her, and

gave something to the man—they then pushed me down in the street—the man ran off towards Kingsland, and the two prisoners towards Shoreditch—I had seen Draper two or three times before—I had two half-crowns, three shillings, and one sixpence in my right-hand waistcoat pocket, which I knew was safe when I paid for the bread and cheese and rum—after Draper had put her hand into my pocket I missed it all but one shilling, which was left in my pocket.

Draper. He had been drinking all the evening, and he would not empty his glass—he told as to drink it—he said he was single, and asked me to be his housekeeper. Witness. No such thing, I had not been drinking—I had had but two pints of beer all day—I did not ask you to go a little way with me, nor ask Morgan what your father's name was.





GEORGE BELL
 (police-constable N 70.) On that morning I met the two prisoners, at the corner of Parker-street, Kingsland-road—after they had passed about five minutes, I met the prosecutor with another police-man—he asked if I had seen two women—I then ran and overtook the prisoners, walking towards Shoreditch—I told them I wanted them for robbing a man of 7s. 6d.—they said they were innocent—Draper said she had only a few halfpence, and Morgan said she had 1s. 6d. and some halfpence.

JURY. Q. Was the prosecutor sober? A. He was—I returned and found him going home, as he did not think I should find the prisoners—he then went and gave the charge.

Draper's Defence. It is all because he knows my father, and he has a spite against me—I was coming home with this young woman—we were passing the Alms-houses, about a hundred yards from the public-house, and this man came and touched me on the shoulder—he said "There you are"—I said, "Yes"—he said he had no money, but he gave me a half-penny, and then sent this young woman to see if a house was open—it was not, and then he went to the White Bear, where he called for the rum, and when we came out be said to me, "Are you really married?"—I said, "No"—he asked if I had any children—I said no, I had buried four, but I was in the family way—he said he would not mind that, would I be his housekeeper—I said, "No"—he then said, "You are not in a hurry to go home, take a little walk this way, I have no money, but if you will go to a public-house which I generally use, I will give you something to drink"—he then began to pull this young woman about—he then rolled up against the wall—he did not fall—there was no man nor mortal near us.

DRAPER.—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

MORGAN.—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.




Transported for Fourteen Years.
