





850. 
               
                  
                     HENRY CHARLES 
                     KIRKWOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of January
, 1 printed book, value 4l.; 1 account-book, value 3s.; 1 milk-pot, value 4s.; and 1 table-cloth, value 5s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Valentine Messoleana 
                     Santos
                  



               
            .
2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Santos
                  



               
            .
SUSANNAH SANTOS. I am wife
 of Valentine Messoleana Santos; we live at No. 49, Gun-street


. The prisoner came to lodge in our house about three months before Christmas; he left on New Year's Day - he hired the lodging weekly - he did not give notice that he would leave on the 1st of January - there was about two months rent due - he had agreed to pay nine shillings a week, but he said he would give me ten shillings, as he was rather more trouble than I expected - I missed a Bible, an account-book, a milk-pot, and a table-cloth, the morning after the prisoner was gone - they had been in his room - he hired them - I did not see them again till Wednesday last.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Before whom did you go to make your complaint? A. Before Sir 
               
                  Peter 
                  Laurie
               



            , twice - I do not know that it was treated at first as a case of unlawfully pawning - I found the Bible by means of this letter, which the prisoner sent to his wife, to send me the articles home that he might make his escape - it was in his wife's reticule which was dropped at the station-house - he lived with his wife at my lodging, but she is a very bad wife - she said she pawned the table-cloth - I went to the pawnbroker's, and saw it - I never speculated upon settling this matter for money, instead of treating it as a felony - I swear that solemnly - I did not say when I took the prisoner that all I wanted was, to be settled with for my rent, and the return of the articles - I told his wife the money would be of more service to me than to hurt any one - I did not desire her to get me the money - she said she would - I got 20s. of her - I did not mention that to the magistrate - she did not say any thing about any more - I went to one place with her to endeavour to get money, but we did not get any - she got a sovereign, and I received 20s. from her in about three hours after.
Q. Did you go before the magistrate till after you got that money? A. No; but she had had the sovereign of me - she wanted to borrow 5s. of me, and I lent her a sovereign - I went to another place with her, but I did not go in - I wanted to pay my rent - she had two or three pounds at a time of me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MUGGERIDGE
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Barker, a pawnbroker, in Houndsditch. I have a Bible pawned for 1l.; an account-book for 3s.; a glass milk-pot, and a table-cloth - the milk-pot and account-book were pawned by the prisoner.


                  GEORGE 
                  CRAWLEY
               



             (City police-constable No. 61). I went to take the prisoner on Monday last - he made his escape through the window - I lost him till Tuesday, when I received information he was at No. 5, Coldbath-fields - I went there, but he got into No. 6 - I found him behind the door - he said he would walk quietly, but I got a hackney coach - I found in the bag this letter addressed to his wife.
Cross-examined. Q. Did the prosecutrix tell you she had received 1l.? A. She had not received it then - I believe her husband is abroad.

MRS. SANTOS. These are my property.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know whether your husband is alive? A. I hope he is alive and well - I had a letter from him a fortnight ago - he was then in Lisbon.
COURT. Q. How much all together does the prisoner owe you? A. 20l.
Prisoner's Defence. In consequence of having no friends in town, as my father died the night before last, I can only produce documents to my character since I was in his Majesty's service in 1810. I was then in the Mediterranean with Lord Exmouth. I was in three or four actions during the war; and in 1823 I received a medallion from the king of Portugal. I then entered the Greek service, and came home in 1829. I then married Miss Biggs, and understood her father was to give me some property; but I found he was a bankrupt. I made great exertion to get into a situation, but without effect. I did not intend to rob the prosecutor, and I wrote that letter to say that directly it was in my power, I would pay her that, and every thing belonging to her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
