





2070. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SCUTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, 1 coat, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Thirkell
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I live opposite the house of William Thirkell. On the morning of the 27th of September I was looking out at window; I saw the prisoner get in at the window, and get out something - I gave an alarm; my son pursued him, and my husband went and got the Policeman.
Prisoner. Q. How far is your window? A. Nearly opposite; I did not state it was one hundred yards from it- the window was partly open; I did not say I did not see your face; I am positive of your person.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am the son of the witness - she told me of this; I got up, and looked at the window - I saw the prisoner turn round, and pursued him a hundred yards or more - he was carrying this coat in a black bag; he gave it me out when I got up to him, but kept the bag himself.
Prisoner. Q. Did you come up to me? A. Yes; you were stopped near the corner of Redmans-row; it was you that gave me the coat, and you asked me to let you go and said you had nothing; I let you go, and you were taken again.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ALDRIDGE
               



            . I am an officer. I was in Stepney-fields; the prisoner was delivering up the coat when I first came in sight of him - he then ran when he saw me; I called Stop thief! a man laid hold of him, but he was very active and got away - I called after him again, and my brother officer turned a corner and took him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THIRKELL
               



            . This is my coat, it laid in a chair in my front room - it was not in any bag.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
