



16. 




ROBERT STUBBS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of November, 1 pocket, value 2d. 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 shilling, 8 pence, 4 half-pence, and 1 farthing; the goods and monies of 




Drusillar Willshire, from her person.






DRUSILLAR WILLSHIRE
. I am a widow, and live in Portpool-lane. I work at cloth caps—on the 9th of November, the day the Queen came into the City, I was at the corner of the Old Bailey, near Ludgate-hill, between two and three o'clock, standing on the edge of the pavement with a friend—I felt somebody pulling up my clothes—I put my hand down to try to put them down, and they were forced up more—I put my hand down

again, and took hold of something which was torn—I found part of the prisoner's coat up my petticoat—my pocket had been tied round me—I turned round, and saw something white between the prisoner's legs, hanging down from his knees—I thought it was his apron, and was going to tell him he had torn his apron, and found it was my pocket—I took hold of him, and said, "You scoundrel, you have torn my pocket off; and it is your clothes I have torn, and not my own"—he turned very pale, but still held the pocket very tight—I took it from him—a policeman came, and I gave him in charge directly—this is my pocket—it contained a handkerchief, 1s., four half-pence, and a farthing.





GEORGE CHIDGZEY
. I am a policeman. I was on duty—the prosecutrix called for assistance—she had hold of the prisoner's collar with one hand, and the pocket in the other—she said he had turned her petticoats up, and torn her pocket off—the prisoner's coat was torn from the elbow down.

Prisoner's Defence, I stood there five or ten minutes—she said if there was a policeman she would give me in charge—I said "I have not touched your pocket," and I was four feet from her when the policeman came—I said "I am the person charged with the robbery," and walked to him—nobody had hold of my collar—as I was pushing into the crowd, I saw something white on the pavement, I stooped down to pick it up, and the woman caught hold of my arm.




GUILTY
. Aged 41.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
