





898. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     READING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of April
, one handkerchief, value 2s. the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Preston
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN PRESTON. I am an attorney
, and live at No. 12, Token-house-yard - on the 19th of April, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, I was going from my office to my house in Hunter-street, Brunswick-square; I met a friend in Cheapside, and was going down the Old Jewry - I know my handkerchief was in my outside coat pocket when I left the office; I did not feel it taken, I was standing with my friend at the bottom of the Old Jewry


, and a young man ran up and asked me if I had lost a handkerchief; I felt and it was gone - I went with Price down Coleman-street, and there found the prisoner in the custody of a gentleman who produced my handkerchief; I am certain it was mine, I have had it some time; I have not the slightest difficulty in swearing to it.


                  CHARLES 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am a plumber; I was going through Cheapside, and saw the prosecutor in company with a gentleman in the Old Jewry; they turned down the Old Jewry, I saw the prisoner following them, and half way down Old Jewry I saw the prisoner lift up the prosecutor's pocket, take the handkerchief out and put it in his trousers pocket and run away - I ran after him, and overtook him in Coleman-street, I gave him in charge of thewatchman, who held him while I went and informed Mr. Preston; and when the watchman began to search the prisoner I saw him drop the handkerchief between his legs.
Prisoner. Q.You say you saw me take it out of the gentleman's pocket, did you not ask him if he had lost a handkerchief? A. Yes, I ran after you, and took you before I spoke to the gentleman, I said "You have lost a handkerchief, sir."


                  JAMES 
                  RAWLINS
               



            . I am a watchman; the prisoner was delivered to me; the prosecutor claimed the handkerchief, I saw the prisoner drop it between his legs, I gave it to the officer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . This is the handkerchief Rawlins delivered to me; I asked the prisoner if he had any more handkerchiefs about him, he said "no," I found two more next to his skin; he claimed one of them as his own.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  RAY
               



            . I live in Seething-lane, I took the prisoner into custody on another charge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
