





544. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HITCHCOCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of January
, 1 gun, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Allford
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  ANN 
                  ALLFORD
               



            . I am a widow
 - I keep a shop
 in Ironmonger-row


. This gun is mine; I bought it of a neighbour for 4s. - I lost it out of my shop on Monday, and the prisoner was taken on the Tuesday; I had seen it safe on Monday morning - I told the officer on the Monday evening, that it had been cut from a string in my shop; on the Tuesday evening I was sent for, and knew it - I can swear to it; the pan is broken, and a bit of the stock.


                  JOHN 
                  MONTIER
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was on duty on the 10th of January; Norris came and gave the prisoner into my custody with this gun - the prosecutrix claimed it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  NORRIS
               



            . On Tuesday, the 10th of January, about a quarter before nine o'clock, I was shutting up my employer's shop, and saw the prisoner going down the turning by our shop with this gun; some person called him back - I followed them both to the next turning; I there saw him offer the gun to the other, for him to run through a court with it; I went up, and took the prisoner and the gun.
Prisoner's Defence. A boy gave it me, and I told him to take it back again.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS
               



             KING. I am a Police-constable. I have a certificate of the conviction of the prisoner on the 20th of October, which I received from Mr. Clark's office; he was ordered to be whipped - I know he is the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 10. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
