



928. 




GEORGE SMITH
 was indicted

for feloniously and burglariously breaking and entering to the dwelling-house of 



Harriet Scurr, at 
St. Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, about the hour of nine o'clock in the night, on the 
19th of March, with intent to steal and feloniously and burglariously stealing therein, 1 weighing-machine, value 16s., her property.






HARRIET SCURR
. I am a widow, and live in Back Church-lane, in the parish of Whitechapel. About nine o'clock, on the evening of the 19th of March, I was sitting in my parlour, adjoining my shop—the shop door was shut, and bolted at the top—I heard a noise, and ran into the shop—I found the door standing open, and missed the weighing-machine off the counter—I looked out, but saw nobody but a policeman coming by—I gave an alarm—I found part of the machine lying in the gutter, near the door—the machine was brought back in about twenty minutes, and the prisoner was taken to the station-house—it is a half-hatch door; a person could put his hand over, and unbolt it.





JOHN WRIGHT
. I am a policeman. I was on duty in Back Churd-lane, on the 19th of March—I saw a brother-officer who gave me information—I went down Elizabeth-street, and saw the prisoner and two other boys—I seized the prisoner, and found this machine on him, which I produce.

Prisoner. I told him it was not mine. Witness. The other two boys ran away—I knew one of them by sight.

Prisoner's Defence. I went into a coffee-shop, I met these two boys, who asked where I was going—I told them I was going to the Commercial-road about some mats—they said they were going that way—as they went along, one of them went up the street, and brought down this thing—I asked what it was—he said they weighed with it, and he had fetched it from his brother-in-law's—he asked me to hold it while he went over to knock at a door on the other side of the way—the policeman came and caught hold of me, and they ran away.





HARRIET SCURR
 (re-examined.) I had seen the prisoner in my shop the night before—he bought one pennyworth of tobacco.




GUILTY of Stealing only. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.
