





OLD COURT. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 23.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1762. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HINE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of July
, 10 gowns, value 10s.; 8 shifts, value 15s.; 7 petticoats, value 7s.; 9 caps, value 4s.; 5 aprons, value 2s.; 4 pairs of stockings, value 4s.; 8 yards of Irish linen, value 6s.; 11 frocks, value 5s.; 1 pair of stays, value 2s.; 1 table-cloth, value 2s.; 9 napkins, value 2s.; 2 pillow-cases, value 1s.; 9 pillows, value 16s., and 5 shoemakers' tools, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Hitchcock
                  




               
            .
CHARLES HITCHCOCK. I live in King-square, Wilson-street


, and am a shoemaker
. The prisoner took a lodging of me on the 19th of April as a single man; on Saturday, the 24th of July, I went out about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, returned after eleven, and found my little boy waiting at the door - I had left my wife at home in care of the house, and all this property secure - I occupy one room below, and work in the prisoner's room; this property was chiefly in the bottom room; I have four children by my wife - the eldest is seventeen years old - he was out at the time - my youngest is two years old; I inquired for my wife, and found she was gone, and the prisoner also - the prisoner's week was up on the Monday - he would have been indebted to me about 18s.; I found my place quite deserted, the drawers and every thing stripped; I went up stairs and all my things were gone - my working tools were taken off my bench up stairs; a great deal of the property is my wife's dress; but there was table-linen, pillow-cases, and five or six shoemaker's tools, which were all safe when I left, and the prisoner was then in the workroom - he had not said he was going; I could have placed my life in his hands - my wife had taken two of the children away, I could not find them; I got information from a coachman, and found her at No. 17, Penny's-fields, Poplar, on the 17th with the prisoner and children, and all the property except the bed-tick, which was in pawn - my wife came home that evening, and we have been living together ever since; she had 3l. when she went away.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You and she had some disagreement had not you? A. We had a few words through the prisoner poisoning her mind that I was cohabiting with a woman.
Q. I am told you went to France and left her pennyless? A. I went, with her consent, for three months, to see if I could do better than here - that was sixteen years ago; the prisoner has poisoned her mind under the cloak of Religion - the apparel belonged to her and the two children: he had tools of his own, but these were mine.


                  JOHN 
                  NEAL
               



            . I am a hackney-coachman. On the 24th of July, at ten o'clock at night, the prisoner came and asked what I would charge him to go to Poplar, near Limehouse-road - I said 5s.; he said if I was not gone off the stand in a quarter of an hour, he would take me - he brought a woman and two children; they got into the coach, he got on the box, and drove to Philip-lane, close by; several bundles were put into the coach there - I drove them to Poplar, and put them down at Penny's-field; the prisoner paid me 5s.
Cross-examined. Q. It was quite dark? A. Yes - I never saw the prisoner before; I am sure he is the man - I saw him take the goods out of the coach; I did not see him use any compulsion to the woman; the goods were not taken from the prosecutor's house.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The tools the woman was capable of using herself - they were not taken for my benefit, but for her use; I wish her to be called.



                  ELIZABETH 
                  HITCHCOCK
               



            . I went away with the prisoner by his enticement; I did not give him the goods - he pawned the bed-tick; he took the goods away to Philip-lane - I did not know where he was going to take them; he did not take them by my direction.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
