





594. 




ROBERT SPENCER STAPLETON,



 JOHN STAPLETON
, and 




MARY CANEY
 were indicted for

 feloniously having in their custody and possession a mould upon which was impressed the figure and resemblance of the obverse side of a shilling.—2nd COUNT charging it to be the reverse side.


MESSRS. SCARLETT
and
ELLIS
conducted the Prosecution.





FRANCIS KEYS
. I am a Bow-street officer. On the 14th of January I went to a house at the corner of Queen-street, and King-street, Seven Dials, about two o'clock in the afternoon, with Ballard, Fletcher, and Shackell—I went to the street door, found it open, and proceeded up stairs—on the landing of the first floor I stood a little and heard some persons talking—I fixed myself ready to burst the door open—but hearing somebody move, I stood quiet without touching the door—and all at once the key was turned, and the female prisoner opened the door—I had not been on the landing place half-a minute before this happened—I rushed by her and saw the two male prisoners—Robert was sitting on the right-side of the fire, and the other on the left—the fire-place faced me as I went in—there was a fire in the grate—I saw Robert with something in his hand before I got up to him—I seized it in his hand, and it turned out to be a mould—he tried to crush it by pressing his hands together, but I got tight hold—my brother officers came in, and a scuffle ensued between him and me—I wrenched the

greatest part of it out of his hand, and some of the bits fell to the ground—I held the parts I got from his hand some time, and on looking at it, there was the mould and a shilling in it—at the time I laid hold of it the mould was warm—I produce it, it has been joined together since—the shilling is in it—there was a Piece of cloth in his hand with the mould in it—I found this good tabling on the mantel-piece, and a counterfeit sixpence on the left-hob—I found a mould for a sixpence on the side John sat—it was lying there open—John was looking towards the fire when I went in—in the scuffle this sixpenny mould with a sixpence in it got knocked into the fire—I found on the table a bag with a quantity of plaster of Paris in it—that was not two yards from the fire, close to the prisoners, and two metal-spoons were on the table—one having some white stuff, apparently plaster of Paris, in it—I also found a knife on the table with plaster of Paris sticking to it, and some more pieces of the mould for the lion side of a shilling—I picked then up Dear the fire-place in separate parts—they have been put together since—I also found a bit of broken glass with plaster sticking to it, and I picked up some small bits of white metal among the ashes under the grate.





JOSEPH SHACKELL
. I accompanied the other witnesses to the prisoners lodging. I followed them in, and saw Keys scuffling with Robert Stapleton and Ballard with John—at the same moment Caney tried to make her escape by trying to push by Fletcher, but he caught hold of her and pushed her into the room—I went to Keys' assistance, and caught hold of Robert Stapleton's wrist, and took him to another part of the room—I was going to handcuff him, and he threw from his left hind three sixpences, into a tub of water—I took them up and searched him, and in his left trowsers pocket found another counterfeit sixpence—I knew him before, and asked him how he came there—he said he was asked to corns to see if he could make some—the other two prisoners were at the other end of the room at the time—I do not know whether they could hear this.

Robert Stapleton. Q. In what manner did you know me? A. I had occasion to have a communication with him at Bow-street, about another case—I never knew him in this situation before—I had not seen him on any charge before.





WILLIAM BALLARD
. I am a Bow-street officer. I entered behind Keys, and saw the girl at the door, in the act of moving forward to come out—I beard the bolt of the lock shot—I saw Robert sitting on the right-side of the fire-place, and John on the left-side, with their faces towards the fire—Keys immediately laid hold of Robert—I passed as quick as possible behind him, and saw John with something in his hand, which he attempted immediately to rub to pieces—I leaned over him, put my arms round him, got hold of his wrist, and pulled his arms apart—some of the pieces fell from his hand, and one piece I made him put on the chair—they have since been put together in my presence by Mr. Powell—there are some pieces deficient—it has the impression of the reverse side of a sixpence—I saw Keys take a spoon out of the fire—it was a sort of slow clear cinder fire—he laid the spoon down, and I took it up—it was an iron one, knocked up to make a tip to pour the metal out—under the grate were a great many pieces of plaster of Paris, with no impression on them—they are pieces of metal broken up—there was some metal in the iron-spoon, hard as it is now—I never saw it fused.





ABRAHAM FLETCHER
. I went with the officers, and was close behind Ballard and Keys when they entered the room—Caney endeavoured to force her way out at the door, and push by me—I laid hold of her, pushed her

back into the room, and forced her towards the fire-place—Robert Staple-ton was stooping down with his hands inside the fender—I laid hold of him and forced him up; and from the place where he was stooping down I picked up part of a mould—I gave it to Keys, who has produced it—I searched a cupboard in the room, and found some plaster of Paris in a bag, and on the table I found this file—Caney said, without being asked, "My name is Mary Caney, I wish you would tell Mr. Powell that, and the others are two brothers"—when she was at the office, she again stated to me her name, and wished me to mention it to Mr. Powell—I asked her if she knew the names of the other two, as she said they were brothers—she said she believed their names where Robert and Frederick Stapleton, that they asked her to let them come there to do it, and that she bad lived there only a week.





JOHN WARREN
. I am in the employ of Thomas Fogg, to mind the house in question, when he is out of the way—the female prisoner came to take the room on Friday night, eight days before she was taken—I was in the room when my master was there—she said she went out charing, and her husband was a cabinet-maker—she came on Saturday night, and paid eight sixpences in advance, and engaged the room at 6s. a week—it was furnished—it was the room in which they were taken—the prisoner Robert Stapleton, came about half an hour after her, and they were together in the room—John came in after, and, to the best of my recollection, they all three slept there that night—the room was occupied by the female prisoner from that time, up to their apprehension—there was only one bed—the other prisoners often went out and in during the week—John and the female slept there, and sometimes they all three slept there.

Robert Stapleton. Q. Did you not let me in about ten o'clock in the morning in the course of the week? A. Yes, once or twice I did—I am sure you slept there two or three nights, and went out with another girl—to the best of my recollection you all three slept there the first night, but I am not quite certain—I believe you slept there four nights out of the week—three of you together.

COURT. Q. When he slept there was there another girl, or only these three? A. These three—the other girl used to go home at night—she never slept there.

Caney. They never slept in my place on any night while I was there.

Witness. I am positive they did—John slept there every night they were there.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to his Majesty's mint, and have been in the habit of examining coin for many years. Here is part of a plaster of Paris mould produced by Keys—it appears to hare been used for the purpose of casting counterfeit shillings—it bean the impression of the reverse side of a shilling perfect, and from the discolouration of the plaster I believe it has been used—here is another piece of a plaster of Paris mould which is broken, but it bears the impression of the greater part of the obverse side of a shilling—these two pieces, when put together would form a whole mould for casting a shilling—here is a counterfeit shilling produced by the same witness, and which he described as being in the mould, and warm when he found it—it is Britannia metal—it appears to have been cast in this mould—I have applied it—here is a good shilling produced by Keys, which I believe has been used to make the mould produced, as it corresponds with it in all respects

—here is a counterfeit sixpence produced by the witness, made in the same way as the shilling—there is no mould corresponding with that—this is the half of a mould for casting sixpences, but it does not appear to Have been used—it has the good coin now in it, with the obverse side of a six-pence—these two spoons are Britannia metal, and correspond with the metal of the counterfeit money—one of the spoons has plaster of Paris in it, which has been in a liquid state—here is a portion of a broken knife which is necessary to make the channel for the metal to run through—shackell has produced four sixpences, all of which are counterfeit, but not cast in any mould produced—here is another part of a mould for sixpences, having part of the reverse side of a sixpence on it, making the impression of both sides—this iron spoon has metal in it which has been in a state of fusion—the file has white metal in the teeth of it—here is some powder of plaster of Paris, of which the moulds are formed.

Robert Stapleton's Defence. On the morning in question I visited my brother, who occupied the apartment—the landlord came up while I was there, and asked permission to remove some articles from a cupboard which was very curiously concealed from our view—he took out some carriage lisps, and left us—my brother then ascended to explore the contents of the cupboard, and immediately produced the articles which have been found; and we out of curiosity attempted to make a shilling with them, which filled, and we were apprehended in the act—we made no more resistance than was natural to people conscious of their innocence—I have since understood the house is a receptacle for thieves, and these things might have been left there—a young man named Grady was recently taken from there for stealing a handkerchief—when the landlord came for the lamps he rased two others, and I thought suspected us of stealing them, and he has resorted to this savage proceeding for revenge.

John Stapleton. My defence is the same.

Caney's Defence. While these two young men were in my room the landlord came to get something from a cupboard which was in the top of the ceiling—after he was gone they wanted to see what it contained, and dragged out a bundle containing the things produced—what the officers say about their asking me to let them do it in my room is quite false.

ROBERT STAPLETON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

JOHN STAPLETON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

CANEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 18. 




Transported for seven years.
