





123. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WELCH
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for embezzlement
            .
MR. DOANE conducted the prosecution.


                     WILLIAM WHITTLE 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
            . I am an oil and colourman
, and live in the Commercial-road


; I have one partner, who is my brother Robert - the prisoner was in our service nearly three years - he had £100. a year and lived rent and taxes free - he generally drew his salary by two, three, or five pounds, as he wished to have it, and I think his salary was over drawn at the time of his dismissal - he had accounted to me for money received from Mr. Jennings, but he never accounted for 8l. 3s. 0d. received of him on the 6th of February, nor for 1l. 12s. 6d. on the 27th of February - it was a part of his business to go out for orders, and to receive money of customers, which he was to account to me for, as soon as he saw me - I saw him every day - we discharged him on the 17th of September.
Cross-examined. Q. Has he not been engaged in a great many concerns? A. It was our object that he should be so; but I believe he has been neglectful - I have in some instances been dissatisfied with him, but he has complained of the times - he has generally asked me on Saturday when I was drawing drafts for different persons, to let him have a sovereign or two, or what he wanted; I never refused him; and on every quarter-day he gave a receipt in his own hand-writing; but there was a balance against him in general; I should say that on the 6th of February, and on the 27th also, he was overpaid, or fully paid for his services - I will not swear that we were not indebted to him, but to the best of my belief he was always overpaid - I have often said to him, "If you do not take care you will overdraw your salary" - I had no particular confidence in him, but I considered him an honest man - he had to go round and receive orders - he might have been employed in our shipping concerns, but to a very small extent - he was chiefly engaged about town - he opened a small account at Greenwich, and at one or two other places; but they were extremely prejudicial to us - he may on someoccasions have bought at the docks but very little - he never brought money at the end of the week but immediately he had received it; if my own brother received money he would bring it to me directly - when the prisoner went to a distance he was allowed his coach hire - I do not recollect any sum having been paid by Mc Gee & Co. to the prisoner about June, 1832.
Q. Did you not after the 17th of September, when you discharged him, send a message to him requiring him to settle his accounts? A. No; there was no negotiation carried on between us, and the prisoner's family respecting settling his accounts; his wife called on me and requested me not to prosecute him, and requested me to take this bond, which I said, I believe was useless, as it seemed to be out of date; I said, I would refer it to my solicitor; I forget whether I took it, or told her to take it - there was no other proposition made to settle his accounts.
Q. Were you not content to refer this document to your solicitor? A. I put it into his hands to ascertain whether it was good or not, but certainly not to compound the debt - I never made any application to raise money on it - I think this bond was referred to our solicitor about a week after the prisoner was discharged - I never saw him in the docks before he was arrested - I never went to his home - I never said that a great deal of harm might occur to me from his leaving.


                  THOMAS 
                  JENNINGS
               



            . I am a plumber and live in Union-street, Whitechapel; on the 6th of February, I paid the prisoner 8l. 3s. for Messrs. Johnson - he gave me this receipt for it.


                  JOHN 
                  SANDERSON
               



            . I am a grocer and oil-man; on the 27th of February, I paid the prisoner 1l. 12s. 6d.; this is the receipt he gave.
MR. JOHNSON. The prisoner never accounted for these.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not apply to my brother and say you should expect the money to be paid? A. No; I met your brother in Bilitter-square, and said, I must prosecute you - he said, he was very sorry but he could do no more.


                  Thomas 
                  Harford
               



            , a painter, Hackney-road; 
               
                  John 
                  Fairburn
               



            , bookseller, Minories; and 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Brown
               



            ; gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 41 - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
