



2778. 




ELIAS COUSINS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
30th of Sepember, 1 mare, price 20l., the property of 



William Cousins.






WILLIAM COUSINS
. I am a farmer, and live at Hockley, in Hampshire—the prisoner is my uncle—I have not had any quarrel with him. A few days before the 27th of September, I saw him in the village, but was not year enough to speak to him—he did not call on me—I kept a mare in my stable there—I have four or five—the prisoner has been with me, and ✗ it in ray stable—I turned the mare out into my meadow, which is enclosed, and lost it—I came to London, and found the prisoner at his own house in Coram-place, Russell-square—I told him I was sorry I was under the necessity of detaining him—I did not tell him what for—the policeman came up just as I had taken him—I have seen the mare in a every-stable kept by Young, in London.

Prisoner. I was not there on the 27th—I was at home on the 20th, and can bring witnesses to prove I was at home from the 20th till I was taken up. Witness. It was three or four days previous to the 27th, that I saw him—it was not on or about the 20th—I think it was three or four days before the 27th—I am not sure it was not a week before.





JOHN COLEMAN
. I am a coal-dealer, and live in Little Guildford-street, Russell-square. On Monday, the 30th of September, the prisoner brought the mare to a stable in Woburn-mews, but not in my presence—he came and asked me if I wanted to buy a mare—he afterwards brought, it, and engaged a stall of a woman, in my presence, for 1s. 6d. a-week—he said he should not want it longer, as he was going to sell the mare—I afterwards saw him with the mare—he wanted to sell it for 14l.—I have known him twelve months—he asked me to put it into my cart on Monday afternoon, and he accompanied me—he told me he had got her from below Devizes, in Wilts, for a bad debt of 20l.—I afterwards agreed to buy her for 9l.—that was not below the value for my work—I bought it about eleven or twelve o'clock next day—I told him I would pay him by nine o'clock at light—he called and got 6l. from my wife while I was out—I have a paper which he gave her—she is not here.

Prisoner. I never sold the mare to him. Witness. It was to a friend of mine—it is all one—it was for me—he sent another man in to say I should have it for 10l.—I said I did not want it—he then sent in word I should have it for 9l., and 1 agreed—he said he should like me to have it, because I would take care of it, and it was one he had brought up from a colt—he brought it to me himself with an hempen halter, and gave it up to my hands.





JOHN BROWN
. I live in Coram-place, Coram-street—the prisoner occupied a house there. On Monday, the 30th of September, I saw a mare in his possession—he asked me if Coleman did not buy it, would I get him a customer for it, that he had had it as a bad debt for 20l., and had brought it out of the country—he asked what I thought it worth—I said 10l.—he said, "I want 15l. for it—Coleman has bid me 10l., and he will not part with her if he has her, I had rather he bought her, I have had her from a colt," but provided Coleman did not buy her, would I take her

to Croydon-fair—I said, "It will not sell at Croydon Fair for 10l. If he bids you 9l. for it, I advise you to let him have it"—the mare is outside.

Prisoner. You know very well I was at home on the 27th. Witness. I do not—I know he is away for three or four days, and a week, at times he came home on Friday night, the 28th, and Saturday, I believe, laid a bed all day, being fatigued with his journey.

Prisoner's Defence. I am not guilty of stealing the mare—I did offer her for sale—I did not call there, because he told my sister if I did coat he would kick me out of the premises—about twelve months before, I had sued him for 100l., which I had lent him to put him into business, eight years ago.





WILLIAM COUSINS

re-examined. He advanced me 100l., but I paid him—my solicitor paid it—I did not pay him, as it was his wife's money, and he was not allowed to have it, as he had been transported.

Prisoner. He tried to do me all the injury he could after I sued him.

Witness. I never spoke to him after it happened—his wife lives in the adjoining village to me.




GUILTY
.* Aged 51.—


Transported for Ten Years.
