



1025. 




BRIDGET BARKER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of March, 1 watch, value 1l. 15s.; 1 watch-chain, value 1l. 6s.; and 1 watch key, value 4d.; the goods of 



James Williams, from his person.






JAMBS WILLIAMS
. I am a painter. On the 26th of March, between three and four o'clock in the morning, I had been with a few friends, and was rather later than usual, and rather fresh, but I knew what I was about—I fell in with the prisoner near the Union public-house, Oxford-street—the came up to me, and asked if I would go with her—I asked if she knew where I could get any thing to drink—she took me to the Union public-house, which was shut—she took me up the yard to a back door, and we found that was all closed—and then she wanted me—she caught hold of me, and all at once I put my hand down and missed my watch—I asked her for it—she said she had not had it—I said she had, and she should not go till I had it—I caught hold of her, and called the policeman—he searched about, but could not find it—in going to the station-house I was following them, and the policeman said he had got it. I am married.





JOHN STANLEY
 (police-constable D 48.) I was on my round, and went through the Union-yard. I saw the prosecutor, the prisoner, and a constable, who told me this man had been robbed—he was then searching about in some sawdust, but he could not find the watch—I asked the prosecutor if he had his watch when he came into the yard—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Did you feel it drawn from you?"—he said he did not—I took her, and when we got about three yards I hit my foot against something—I asked if she had got an umbrella—she said she had not—I stooped down, and in the bottom of her clothes I found this watch, in a sort of pocket or slit there—the prosecutor had been drinking, but was sensible.

Prisoner. I met the prosecutor about two o'clock—we went to the public-house door, but could not get in—he said, "There is a back door"—we went there, and could not get in—then he pulled me about—I asked what was his compliment—he said he had no money, but he would leave me 'is watch—he pulled me about, and tore my cloak—he was then knocking me about—I told him to call the policeman, and not to knock me about—to policeman came, and caught us both.




GUILTY
.* Aged 40.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
