





1518. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PATTEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of September
, 2 live pigs, value 3l.
            , the property of 
               
                  

                           Juliet 
                           Winch
                        









               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a constable of Hounslow. On the 28th of September, about ten o'clock in the morning; I saw the prisoner at Hounslow, which is about seven miles from Shepperton, he was offering two pigs for sale - a master-butcher, named West, said, that he thought by the price at which the prisoner offered them they had been stolen; I said, I thought so too, and I went and took him; he said, they were his brother's pigs, who lived at Egham, and he had been distrained on for rent, and he sent him to sell them - I took him into custody, but did not make him any promise or threat; but he said, "It will be better for me to tell the truth;" I said, "Mind, I do not ask you to tell me;" he then said, "They are stolen pigs, but I did not steal them" - I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WINCH
               



            . These pigs were the property of my sister, Juliet Winch; she lives at Shepperton


 - I had seen them safe on the 27th of September, in an enclosed yard; I saw them again on the Monday following, and knew them; they weighed eleven or twelve stone each, and were worth about 45s. each - I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  SAMUEL 
                  COSTER
               



            . I am in the employ of Mrs. Juliet Winch; these pigs were safe on the Friday evening, about seven o'clock; I missed them at half-past five o'clock the next morning - I have seen them since, and know them to be my mistress's.
Prisoner's Defence. I was employed by 
               
                  George 
                  Cooper
               



             to drive them to Hounslow, and sell them for him.


                  John 
                  Webb
               



            , of the Half-Moon, public-house, Dulwich, and Mr. May, of Herne-hill, gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22 - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
