





2064. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HISSEY
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of October
, 1 umbrella, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Newman
                  




               
            .
MATTHEW NEWMAN. I went to Hayes


, on a visit to my brother, on the 19th of October; I had an umbrella in my gig - I went to the gig at half-past eight o'clock in the evening, and the umbrella was gone; I had left it safe between three and four - I saw it again in possession of the prisoner, who was walking with it opposite my house; I let him go past about two hundred yards - I then ran to him, and said he had property which did not belong to him; he gave it me, and said he had picked it up - I am quite sure it is my umbrella, by two marks which appear as though they had been cut with a knife, and by a mark on the handle.
Cross-examined by MR. J. ALLEY. Q. Were you out with your gig the day before? A. Yes; I swear it was in the gig when I arrived at my brother's; when I was about to return it could not be found - I had cautioned my brother's young man not to take it out of the gig; I put the gig in the gig-house; I saw it in possession of the prisoner the next day, at six o'clock in the morning - he passed close by me; he saw me but did not know me - he got on about two hundred yards and I walked after him; I had been speaking to a neighbour when he went along.
JURY. Q. Did you see the marks you speak of in the umbrella as he went along? A. No; I knew it by its general appearance.


                  HENRY 
                  FRIEND
               



            . I saw the prisoner about three or four hundred yards from Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Newman
               



            's, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon; I think it was the 19th of October - he had nothing then.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Newman
               



            . The prosecutor came with the gig, between three and four o'clock, to see my master; I put the gig into the cart-house with the umbrella in it - when he was going to return, about half-past eight o'clock, the umbrella was gone - it was of this size and general appearance.
Prisoner's Defence. I found it on the road.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
