






898. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HARVEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of March

, 1 tea-kettle, value 5s., and 1 shawl, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Bowerman 
                     Phipps
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     LLOYD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
THOMAS BOWERMAN PHIPPS. I live in Little North-street, Lisson-grove



. On the 19th of March I came home at seven o'clock in the evening, but did not hear this property was lost till the day after - I gave information, and went to Mrs. Lloyd's, who keeps an old iron shop
 about two or three hundred yards from my place; I said, "Have you a copper tea-kettle?" she said,"No, nothing of the kind;" I went to some other places: I took Harvey on the Tuesday morning, and went again to Lloyd's; she was standing just inside the door,"Come Mistress (said I) lug out that copper tea-kettle" - she turned to Harvey and said, "You good for nothing woman, how could you bring the property here?" she then went to the back apartment, brought out the kettle, and said, "Is this your tea-kettle?" "It is (said I) and you ought to be ashamed of yourself for not letting me have it" - we found the shawl on Harvey's shoulders, when we first took her; she said, "Dont make a fuss, and I will tell you where the kettle is; it is at old mother Lloyd's" - and we went there.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Mention the words you made use of to Mrs. Lloyd first? A. I said,"Mistress have you got a copper tea-kettle?" and she said, she had no such thing - I did not mention the words,"For sale;" she brought it from a back parlour, or some place backwards.


                  MARY 
                  PHIPPS
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. This kettle was taken from our place on Friday the 19th of March; my little girl told me Harvey had called in my abscence; I did not miss it till the Saturday morning - it had been on the back parlour fire-place; I went to school with Harvey sixteen years ago, and have known her since, but not to have any talk with her, till the Friday, when I was going to school with my children, and met her in Exeter-street - I did not miss the shawl till the Sunday morning; it had been in the back parlour - when I found her she had it on; I said to her, "You good for nothing hussy, how could you think of robbing me?" she said, "Dont make a noise, and I will tell you where it is."


                  CATHERINE 
                  BROTHERTON
               



            . I was in Lloyd's shop. OnFriday, the 19th of March, Harvey came in soon after twelve o'clock, with a kettle under her apron, which I believe to be this; she requested Lloyd to buy it - she said she would do no such thing; she was there ten minutes urging her to buy it - she said, "It is my own kettle, I have had it eight years - I bought it in East-street;" Lloyd said, "Keep it eight years longer" - she said,"For God's sake buy it, I have the broker in my house, and want 10s.; I have 6s. 6d., and if you will let me have 3s. 6d., I will leave the kettle - and come and fetch it again in a day or two;" I was there again on the Monday, when Harvey came and brought a box of different things - part of it was wearing-apparel, belonging to a man; some boots and some working-tools - she said, "I have brought these, won't you buy these;" Lloyd said,"No, I won't have any thing to do with you, or your things, put them in your box" - she put them in, and went away, saying, she would come for her kettle the next day.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was there another person in the shop? A. Yes.


                  EDWARD 
                  BURRIDGE
               



            . I was ordered to go to Lloyd's, which I did, and directed her to come to our office; I went again and she was getting ready to come - she said,"D-nation seize the woman;" I said, "What did you give for the kettle?" she said, "I did not buy it, I only lent 3s. 6d. on it."
Cross-examined. Q. I believe you went away, and she came down to the office? A. Yes.
Harvey's Defence. I met Mrs. Phipps in Exeter-street, and asked how she did; she said, "I have removed to North-street - my husband has had a little money left him, and built a house;" I went to her house, and said I had been out of work all the winter, and I owed 10s. for my lodging - she said, "If you like you may take the teakettle and get a shilling or two on it, till Saturday or Monday, without my husband knowing it - I took it to Mrs. Lloyd, who did not seem very willing to lend me 3s. 6d. on it, but at last she did; I met Mrs. Phipps - she said,"What have you done with the tea-kettle? my husband has found it out;" I said, "I will take you to the place;" we were going, and saw her husband, who used shameful language, and gave charge of me.
MRS. PHIPPS re-examined. Q. Did she mention such a thing to you? A. No, it is not true - I do not know that she noticed it at all.
HARVEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LLOYD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
