



799. 




RICHARD VAUGHAN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
27th of January, 18 shirts, value 8l.; 2 jackets, value 15l.; 1 coatee, value 9l.; 1 coat, value 7l.; 4 waistcoats, value 10l.; I portmanteau, value 2l.; 2 caps, value 5l.; 6 handkerchiefs, value 2l.; 1 freemason's apron, value 3l.; 24 pairs of gloves, value 1l. 10s.; and 16 pairs of stockings, value 2l. 15s.; the goods of 



Hickman Rose Kirby, Esq.



MESSRS. BODKIN and BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






HICKMAN ROSE KIRBY, ESQ
. I am a colonel in the Queen of Spain's service. I arrived at the Custom House on Tuesday the 27th of January—I sent a porter with some luggage, and some was left at the Customhouse—I left a trunk containing the articles stated—I saw the prisoner in the corridor where the trunk was left—he passed up and down once or twice, nearly alongside of me—I do not know what he was doing there.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Of course you did not know him? A. No, but I noticed him when I first saw him at the office, as being the person who walked up and down by me—I thought he was one of the passengers who had come in the steamer with me.





GEORGE BARTLETT
. I am a constable in the employ of the Customs. I attend at the door to prevent passengers going into the room—I saw Colonel Kirby there on the 27th—I saw the prisoner standing by at the time the Colonel's luggage was there.





WILLIAM ELLIS
. I am a ticket porter at the Custom House. I remember Colonel Kirby landing on the 27th of January—the prisoner was walking up and down the passage.





GEORGE MARGERY
. I am a porter at St. Katherine's Docks. On the 27th of January I was employed to help in conveying the Colonel's luggage from the Custom House—there were about fourteen packages,

large and small—I got a coach and truck—when I came back, between twelve and three o'clock, I missed a portmanteau.





SOPHIA EDWARDS
. My husband keeps the Sidney Arms, at Stepney. On the 30th of January the prisoner came to our house with this portmanteau, and asked my leave to leave it there for an hour or two—he said a person named Brymer would call for it—I knew that person—he lives in the neighbourhood, but he did not call—Mr. Watson came and took it—there were a few things in it, but they were returned to the Colonel.

Cross-examined. Q. What day of the week was it? A. Monday—I had known the prisoner before by living in the same street for seven years—he lived with his father—I always thought him a respectable man, and heard so.





JOHN OLIVER BOYES
. I am a clerk in the Custom House. The prisoner had been employed the last year for thirty-six days in the Custom House, but not from the 13th of August.

Cross-examined. Q. You know his father is an old servant of the Custom House, and a very respectable man? A. Yes.





JAMES LEA
. I am an officer. In consequence of hearing of this robbery, I tried to find out the prisoner—on Monday, the 30th, I was accompanied by Mr. Watson—we went to North-street, and met him with two bundles, one under each arm—they contained these articles of clothing—I asked him what he had got in them—he said he did not know—I asked whether they belonged to him—he said, No, they did not—I took possession of them, and left him in charge of Mr. Watson—I went and searched his lodgings, and found a piece of oil-skin, and some ornaments belonging to a Freemason's apon—when I returned, the prisoner asked if I had found any ornaments belonging to a Freemason's apron, and I said I had.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did he live? A. He was lodging in Norfolk-place, Commercial-road, with his wife—he gave no account of any person from whom he had these things—he did not mention the name of Parker, nor of any servant of the Colonel's—after he said they were not his, he said he should answer no more.





DAVID HENRY WATSON
. I am brother-in-law to Colonel Kirby. I was at the Custom House at the time of the depositing of this trunk—I accompanied Lea in quest of the prisoner—I confirm his evidence—the prisoner was examined at Lambeth-street office in the evening, and after that a person gave me information where the trunk was, and we went and found this portmanteau. (Samuel Cook, Charles-street, Stepney; Richard Phillips, Silver-street, Golden-square; Daniel Cole, oilman, Kingsland-road; Thomas Mills, morocco-case-maker, Bartholomew-close; Charles Young, tailor, New Nelson-street, Commercial-road; and Lewis Castellon, scale-maker, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
