



248. 




BENJAMIN NECK
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging a certain Bill of Exchange, which is as follows:—"£54—Stockholm, 
13th of August, 1834. At seventy-five days after date, pay this my first of exchange, to the order of 



Mr. Thomas Perry, in the sum of £54 sterling. Messrs. Oxenford and Allcock, London. H. L. Rehausen;" with intent to defraud 



George Henry Barnett and others, against the Statute.—2nd COUNT, for feloniously offering and putting off the said bill with a like intent.—3rd and 4th COUNTS, for forging and uttering a forged acceptance of the said bill.—4 other COUNTS, the same, only stating his intent to be to defraud 



William Oxenford and another.—8 other COUNTS, the same, only omitting to set out the forged instrument.


MR. ADOLPHUS
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD BESCOBY
. I am a clerk, in the employ of Messrs. George Henry Barnett, and three more partners. On the 30th of October this bill was presented at our counter—Oxenford and Allcock have an account at our house—it was not presented by the prisoner, but by another person, who wrote on it a receipt in the name of Joseph Boyd—it was paid in gold—I had some doubt about it when presented, and showed it to some other cashiers, but afterwards I paid it—it was written off Messrs. Oxenford's account, and put into their pass-book in the regular way.





WILLIAM OXENFORD
. I am in partnership with William Blackston Allcock. A lady named Rehausen used to do business through our house—she is since dead—the prisoner was a clerk in our house for nine years, and kept all our correspondence—he would know that the baroness Rehausen had transactions with us—(looking at the bill) the acceptance to this bill is neither mine nor my partner's writing—it is an imitation of my handwriting—"H. L. Rehausen" is written on it—the Baroness always signed "H. L.," but never drew a bill on us—it is not her handwriting—I believe the body of the bill to be the prisoner's handwriting, from examining it with his own writing, in my possession—my belief is that it is his, from my knowledge of other handwriting of his in my possession—I never authorized him to accept bills for us.

COURT. Q. Have you ever seen the Baroness Rehausen write? A. Yes, I have had repeated correspondence with her, but I never saw her write lately—I have written to her and had answers from her, and have acted on those answers—I can form a judgment from the course of that correspondence that those letters were written by her—she drew her dividends from us—she used to authorize a banker to draw on us for them—she never drew a single bill herself—the signature "H. L. Rehausen" it written by the same hand as the body of the bill—it is rather like the Baroness's writing, but it is not hers.






JOSEPH BOYD
. I live at Croydon, in Surrey. The prisoner lodged in my house for a fortnight—at the end of October he owed me 4l. 10s.—I required payment of it, and he gave me this draft—he told me to go to town and get the money, and told me when they gave me the money to sign my name as Thomas Perry—I asked him why he wished me to sign my name so for—he said there would be no harm in it; and said if they asked whether I would have gold or notes, to bring gold—I went to town and presented the bill at Barnett and Hoare's—I chucked the draft down, and they gave me the money—I wrote my own name on it, not the name he told me—I took it to Croydon, and gave all of it to the prisoner—he took it in doors, and paid my mistress 4l. 10s., which he owed her, and he gave me 10s. for my trouble of going to town—after that he went out and paid a few debts, and took a house for himself next door but one to me—the indorsement on the bill is my handwriting.





WILLIAM MESSENGER
. I live at Croydon. I cannot write—on Monday the prisoner asked me to go to town to cash a bill of exchange—he did not give it to me—he asked me to go to London to fetch his money, and he would give me 5s.—I said I would go; and on Wednesday night he said he thought it would not do for me to go, because I could not write, and Mr. Boyd would go. (Bill read.)

Prisoner's Defence (written.)"As the evidence of my case is so clear against me, I have nothing to say in my defence, but throw myself on the mercy of the Court, praying that your Lordship will show me as much lenity as can be, after I state the following dreadful situation I am placed in:—that I have a wife entirely depending on my support, and she will be thrown utterly destitute on the world if I should be banished from this country—that I have been afflicted with bad legs for upwards of three years, and from the time of my committal I have been under the surgeon's hands at the infirmary at the gaol, scarcely able to stand upon them, the pain being so acute; and I fear that if my punishment is too severe, it will be the occasion of my losing them—that I committed the crime through actual want and distress, which was occasioned through my bad health; but if your Lordship should be pleased to sentence me to some lighter punishment than perhaps I ought to expect, I will, in my future life, conduct myself with the utmost honesty, let my misery and privations be the utmost that can be endured by a human being. This is the first time I ever was charged with crime of any description."




GUILTY of uttering. Aged 24.—


Transported for Life.

Second Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

