





121. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of November
, 2 sovereigns, and 6 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gwillim
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GWILLIM
               



            . I lodge at the Five Bells, Finchley. On the 16th of November, I fell in with the prisoner and four more young men in Grays-inn-lane, and I went to Smithfield, and looked at some trousers which were in pawn - we then went to a skittle-ground at the White Hart, Aylesbury-street


, and I played two games at skittles with the prisoner's friend - I had not known them before - I then found I was in bad circumstances, and wished to get away; it was then about ten o'clock at night - on my leaving the ground the prisonerfollowed me and picked my pocket; he forced his hand into my pocket and took out my money - I had been winning and losing money at the game, but I paid what I lost - the prisoner picked my pocket of two sovereigns and six shillings - I laid hold of him round the neck, but he dexterously got his head from under my arm, and I went to the street-door and called the police.
Cross-examined by MR. STAMMERS. Q. What time in the day did you come from Finchley? A. About eleven o'clock in the day; I walked to town and met the prisoner at the Marquis of Granby in Grays-inn-lane, about three o'clock; I had stopped on the road, but had taken no liquor till I got to the Marquis of Granby - I will swear I was quite sober when I got there; I met the prisoner in the skittle-ground there - he introduced himself to me by offering to bet me on the game; I did bet with him once or twice - I do not recollect whether I hesitated or not - it is not a fact that I offered to bet with him; I did not challenge the prisoner to play with me, but I did his friend, whose name was Hopkins, and we played; I do not know how many games; it might be from ten to fifteen games; it was not twenty; we played till about eight o'clock - I drank a little brandy-and-water, certainly - we played for drink; I cannot tell how many games I won or lost - the persons in the ground drank the liquor; there were ten or fifteen quantities of liquor drank by myself and the persons in the ground; I cannot tell who in particular - the first game was for a glass of brandy-and-water; the prisoner, his friend, and me, and I believe two other persons partook of it - the second game was for the same - I cannot recollect what the third game was for - I partook of any quantity of liquor if I felt inclined; I might drink four or five times; I did not note it down - I left the place quite sober; I drank brandy-and-water and half-and-half; I mean half ale and half porter - I had one glass of gin after the games were over; I cannot tell how much I paid for the liquor - I had three sovereigns when I went to the ground - I cannot tell what I spent, for I won and lost money - the prisoner then wished me to go and look at the trousers, which I did, and bought them for 5s.; I am positive of that - we then went to the White Hart, in Aylesbury-street - I had a Welch rabbit and a pint of beer, and the prisoner induced me to go into the skittle-ground there - I played one or two games; I did not notice how many; I paid my way as far as I went - I do not recollect whether they were single games or rubbers; a single game is only one; a rubber is the best two of three - I played about two rubbers; I do not know how long it took to play them; I went about nine o'clock, and was going home comfortable about ten o'clock, when I was robbed - I do not know what liquor I had in the skittle-ground; I do not believe I had any: I might take a taste - when the prisoner robbed me, I caught hold of him, held him as long as I was able, and called for assistance as loud as I could - when I left the skittle ground, the prisoner ran after me and robbed me - there were ten or twelve persons in the skittle-ground then - the prisoner ran after me, and took my money in the passage; I saw his face at the time - there were no lights in the passage, but there is a light in the bar, which shines through a window, and gives light sufficient to recognise any person - I caught the prisoner's head under my arm, and held it for two or three seconds, or perhaps a minute - I cannot tell how long.
COURT. Q. Were you sober, when you got to the White Hart, so as to know what you were about? A. Yes, decidedly; I can swear it was the prisoner took my money - I know I had 2l. 6s. because I counted my money under a gas-light in the ground, just before I came out, and I can distinctly swear that the prisoner ran up to me and took my money - I cried out, "I am robbed;" there were nine or ten persons at play in the ground; they must have heard me - I did not pursue the prisoner; I ran to the front-door, and called for a policeman; I thought the prisoner was safe, as he ran back into the skittle-ground - I had three sovereigns in my pocket when I came to town; I had only changed one of them - the silver and sovereigns were in the same pocket.


                  MARTHA 
                  LEWIS
               



            . My father keeps the White Hart, Aylesbury-street - I recollect the prisoner and the prosecutor coming on that Saturday evening, a little before nine o'clock; the prosecutor appeared to be perfectly sober; they went backwards to play at skittles; I afterwards heard the prosecutor say he was robbed by the man he had come in with; he was then in the front of the bar; I did not hear him say how much he had lost.
Cross-examined. Q. How many persons came in with the prosecutor? A. Two; they staid about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour in front of the bar; the prosecutor had a slice of bread and cheese toasted; I did not see him have any drink - I was about my business; I cannot tell how many persons were in the house, or in the skittle ground - the prosecutor did not appear drunk; a man who was drunk might call out that he was robbed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I live next door to the White Hart. I was opening my back-door, about ten o'clock that night, and saw two men standing at the door; the prisoner is very much like one of them, but it was dark, and I could not swear to him; he had no hat on - they said, "Let us through, it is only a lark" - I said, "I do not like such larks in my house, get back again over the wall" - it is a good high wall between my yard, and the public-house yard; I saw that the man's hair who had no hat on was dark, and he had a long coat on - I told them to get back, and gave one a lift over the wall; the other got over - I then came to the front-door, and heard a calling for the police; I saw the police going in; I got a light, and the steps, and found a phosphorus box swimming on the water in the butt, which is by the wall where they got over - they could not get over without almost touching it.
Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A porkbutcher - I had no light when I went to my back-door, but a good light in my shop, on the cross-counter, which shone to the back-door - the men were close to the door when I opened it; I cannot swear the prisoner is one of the men, but one had his hat off and had dark hair - I lifted one over the wall; the water-butt is not on my side - I have heard there were ten or twelve people in the skittle-ground, but they could not have lifted any oneover without being very close to the water-butt, or touching it, as there is only about a foot of wall, but what the butt stands against which leads into my yard - the box I saw on the water might have fallen from the person who got over the wall.
COURT. Q. You said at first that you would not swear to the prisoner at the bar? A. Yes; but he was a young man like him, and he had dark hair - the water butt stands about the middle of this short wall - a person dropping anything in getting over the wall, would very likely drop it into the butt.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  DONOVAN
               



             (Police-constable G 107). I was at the White Hart door, and saw a great many persons assembled, some of whom said, a man was robbed of 2l. 6s.; I saw the prisoner come out of the mob without his hat, and he had a long coat on - he walked out of the door and said, "I know which way he is gone, I will go and find him out;" when he got out of the crowd he ran away - Martha Lewis said, that was one of the men; there was another officer who took the prisoner's partner - when I went out again, Robinson told me, he had found the phosphorus box - I drew the water out of the butt, and found in it nine skeleton keys, a dark lantern, a jemmy, and this halfpenny
Cross-examined. Q. Do men use these tools to pick pockets? A. No; I think they are used for house-breaking - the prisoner wore a long coat, it reached to the middle of his legs; he seemed rather confused - when I went into the skittle-ground there were about ten men there; they all had hats on, that I saw; I cannot say they all had long coats on; I only spoke of the prisoner's partner from what the prosecutor said - I had seen them both before, but not together - the prisoner was taken afterwards, but not by me.
JURY. Q. Is it not probable that those men who pick pockets might use these tools for housebreaking? A. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent. I left the gentleman about nine o'clock, and bade him, good night, and he said so to me. I left him, with the young man, playing skittles. I did not play a game with him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
