





698. 




EDITH TAYLOR
alias
 Rugg

, was indicted for

burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Rulove Hill, about the hour of eight in the night of the 
12th of February, at 
St. Dunstan, Stebonheath, alias Stepney, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 37 sovereigns, I half-sovereign, 6 shillings, 3 sixpences, and 4 pence in copper money, the monies of the said Rulove Hill: and





JOHN TAYLOR
 and 



SARAH MARIA HILL



for feloniously receiving the said monies, well knowing them to have been stolen.—2nd COUNT, for feloniously receiving of a certain evil disposed person.






RULOCK HILL
. (This witness being deaf, and scarcely able to articulate, hit evidence was communicated by his sister.) I live at No. 51, Brook-street, and sell wood. On a Sunday evening in February, I went out to chapel at a quarter to six o'clock—it was then dark—I left all my money in the house—there were 37 sovereigns and a half—I left my watch on the top of the table—the sovereigns were all in a box, which was locked, told I had the key in my pocket—I locked the room door when I went out—when I came back the box was broken open—the door and all the locks—nobody lives with me, I live in a room by myself.





SOPHIA HILL
. My brother is only a lodger in the house—the landlord Does not live in the house—there are various people lodging there—they all have separate apartments—I believe the house is in the parish of Ratcliff.

Prisoner, Edith Taylor. The witness Spriggs has been transported.





CHARLOTTE SPRIGGS
. I have been transported, but I did not leave the country—my sentence was mitigated to six months imprisonment—I am single, and live at No. 2, Cumbers-court, Stepney Causeway—I have known the prisoner Edith Rugg, between eight and nine years—the house in which the prosecutor lives is let out by Mr. Gilpin—he does not live on the premises himself—Edith Rugg had the management of the house, and the letting out of the different tenements—there is an outer door to the house, which is generally open for the lodgers—I live about three minutes' walk from the house. On Sunday, the 12th of February, the prisoner Rugg came to me about four o'clock, and asked if I would lend her the key of my room to open her door, as her husband was out, and had got her key—I was going out at the time, and told her I should be home in a few moments, and that I would then lend it to her—she said she did not want it till six o'clock—she had the key at six o'clock, and took it away—she was gone about ten or twelve minutes—I do not suppose more—she then brought it back, and asked me if I would walk to the top of Cumbers-court, and go to the Lamb, which is a wine-vaults—I went, and she gave me a small glass of brandy, and she had a glass of gin—she changed a sovereign to pay for it, and tied the change up in a handkerchief, and told me to keep it till to-morrow—she said it was Mr. Gilpin's money—about half an hour afterwards she brought me 3s. more, and asked me to take care of it for her—she called on me next morning, and got the 3s. from me, and said if I wanted a few shillings to make use of it out of the other money, and to keep it till she called for it—on the following day (Tuesday) I

went to see her, and told her I had heard her husband (the male prisoner) had been to Brown's wine-vaults, throwing money about—he and her live together—I said I heard he was throwing two sovereigns and some silver about—she said, "For God's sake hold your tongue, or else we shall be all sold like a bullock at Smithfield," and if I would hold my tongue she would give me 1l., or 4l. or 5l., if I wanted it—I gave the key I lent her to the officer—the prisoners were all taken up on the Tuesday evening.





MARY HART
. My husband keeps the Lamb public-house. On Sunday the 12th of February, between half-past seven and nine o'clock in the evening, the prisoner Rugg and the witness Spriggs came to our house together—one had a small glass of brandy, what the other had I do not know—each had something, and it was paid for by a sovereign—I do not remember which gave it me—I laid the change down on the counter.





GEORGE MURRAY
. I am a policeman. On Tuesday, the 14th of February, I heard of a robbery, and went after Mrs. Rugg and Taylor, who live in a kitchen at No. 51, Brook-street, where the prosecutor lives—the house is let out in tenements, and is in the parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney—I found out the room where the prosecutor lives—the lock of the door was perfectly correct, but the staple was drawn from the door-post—I applied to Spriggs for the key of her door, and applied it to the lock of the prosecutor's door, and it opened it—no violence had been used to the lock—I produce the key in exactly the same state it was in when she gave it to me—I found a box in the room—the nails had been wrenched out of the hasp with violence—on the Saturday after this I went to Rugg in the call of the Thames police—I made her no promise or threat—I had heard that she had said she would tell me all about it, and I went to her in conesquence—(Mrs. Hill, the other prisoner, was not present)—she said she herself opened the door, and took the money, and gave it to the prisoner Hill, who is the prosecutor's mother-in-law—she said she gave the gold to Mrs. Hill, and that Hill held the caudle the while—I found only 3s. On Hill when she was taken up.





ROBERT SIMMONDS
. I am thirteen years old—I live with my mother, who keeps a broker's shop. I know the male prisoner—he lives at No. 51, Brook-street—he came to our shop the day after the robbery, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, and asked for my mother—I said she was not up—he pulled out some money, and counted out seven sorereigns, and told me to take them up to my mother to take care of them for him—I saw them, but did not take them from him, not choosing to leave him in the shop alone, and he went away with the money—I am quite sure it was gold.





JAMES PHILLIPS
. I am thirteen years old—I live in James-place, Ratcliff, with my father and mother. On a Monday, about half-past three o'clock, I saw the male prisoner at Mr. Brown's, at the corner of Stepney Causeway—I had not heard of the robbery at that time—he was rather tipsy—he was drinking there—I saw him showing some money—I saw two sovereigns.





STEPHEN BROWN
. I keep the public-house. I saw the male prisoner at my house on the Monday or Tuesday after the 12th of February—he gave my wife a sovereign in my presence, and I kept 2s. for what he owed me, and gave him the change myself.





ANN WILSON
. I live at No. 51, Brook-street, on the floor below the prosecutor; he lives in the back attic—the prisoners, Rugg and Taylor, live in the house as man and wife—the man had been out of work considerable

time when the robbery was committed—to the best of my knowledge he had been out of work five or six weeks, being ill—he is a mender of shoes—on the day of the robbery Rugg came to me after dinner, between two and three o'clock, to borrow two pence—I believe she wanted it for some subsistence for her husband—I know he has received money from the parish—he has told me so himself—I gave her the two pence—I did not lend it to her—I frequently assisted them in a small way during the time he was ill.





GEOROE MURRAY

re-examined. Q. Did you say any thing to John Taylor about dropping any money at Brown's? A. Yes, when I searched him and found only four shillings on him, I said, "What has become of the two sovereigns?" meaning what I had heard of from the boy—he said they were his landlord's.





WILLIAM GILPIN
. I am the landlord of this house. I let Taylor and Rugg live in it rent free, as Taylor was of service to me, being an ingenious man—they lived in the kitchen—they are poor—he never accounted to me for two sovereigns from my tenants.

Edith Taylor's Defence. On Sunday, about a quarter past six o'clock, Mrs. Hill, the prisoner, came down to me, and asked me whether I would come up stairs, as the prosecutor was gone to chapel; and would I come of and assist her—my old man said, "For God's sake, Do not"—I went out, and got two pennyworth of coals; and then she came down, and said, "I am all right; pray come up, and hold me a candle"—which I did—the staple was drawn, and the door open—I took the candle into the room, and on the table there was a watch and some silver, but what I do not know—she said, "I will not be satisfied with this, I will have more, as I know he has got more"—she put her hand on the box—she came down stairs and brought the candle, and put it on the table, to give her husband when he came in—she beckoned me out, and I went with her to Brown's tide door—we had a quartern of gin—she went to pay a shilling, but instead of a shilling it was a sovereign—she asked me, in the morning, whether I would take the key up—next morning she came down, and knocked at our door—the old man got up, but I went to sleep, and do not know what passed—when I got up he was out—in the course of the morning Mrs. Hill was in ray room, quite angry because he was out drinking—in the evening he came home, and she took turn out into the passage—on the Tuesday morning she came down, and asked me to bring that bag along, but not to go the road she did—I looked into the bag, and there were twelve sovereigns—I gave them to her, and she said, "Now I will go, and they may take me up, for they shall never find it."

John Taylor's Defence. I have heard several times from Mrs. Hill that she would open the door, and get the money out which the prosecutor had—we had heard he had money, and she intended to leave her husband—I did not hear any thing of it; but in the course of the Friday before (I am in he habit of fitting different keys to locks) she brought down a small key—was doing a padlock for a person—she said she had a key that would fit it—I had the key nearly finished for the padlock—I hung it on a nail when finished, and there it remained—I never looked to see if the key was gone out of it till I saw it in the possession of Murray.
(Gilpin and Brown, the witnesses, and Maria Spin love, deposed to john Taylor's good character.)

EDITH TAYLOR—


GUILTY
.—



DEATH. Aged 42.

TAYLOR—


GUILTY
. Aged 69.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

MARIA HILL—


NOT GUILTY
.
