



797. 




SARAH WILSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
23rd of February, 3 table-cloths, value 6s.; 2 towels, value 1s. 4d.; 2 pair of drawers, value 2s.; 1 nightcap, value 6d.; one petticoat, value 1s.; 2 stockings, value 6d.; and 1 yard of dimity, value 6d.; the goods of 



Thomas Gregory.






LYDIA GREGORY
. I am the wife Thomas Gregory. I am a laundress, and live in Yore-count, York-street, Pentonville—on the 23rd of February I lost these things from the wash-house, in front of the house, about twenty minutes to eight o'clock; they were wet in a basket—I gave information to the pawnbroker, and the next morning I received information—I went to the station-house, and found two table-cloths and one towel—the prisoner is a stranger to me.





REBECCA BOND
. I am the wife of Henry Bond; he is a pawnbroker at Queen-street, St. Pancras, half a mile from Mrs. Gregory's. On the 24th of February, at a quarter before three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner brought two table-cloths and a towel to pledge, quite wet—from information I had received, I believed them to be part of the stolen property—I looked, and saw the letters had been taken out, but there were the marks of them—I asked whose they were, she said her own, and she lived at No. 19,

Cromer-street—I called an offer and he took her—the policeman came in and said, "Halloo, Miss Wilson, is it you, where do you live?—she said Cromer-street, he said, "You do not "—she then said Judd-street.





CHARLES GUNHAM
. I am a police-constable. I was called and received these things from the last witness—the prisoner said a woman met her in the street and gave her them to pledge, and told her to say they were her own.
(Property produced and sworn to.) Prisoner. I know nothing of the robbery—a person told me she would give me 6d. to pledge them in my own name.





LYDIA GREGORY
. I lost them, as near as I can tell, at twenty minutes to eight o'clock on the evening of the 23rd—they were offered to pawn before three o'clock on the 24th.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
