



1405. 



BENJAMIN MICHAEL
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
12th of April, 1 box, value 1s. 6d.; 1 gown, value 1l. 5s.; 1 shawl, value 1l. 5s.; 7 yards of printed cotton, value 7s.; 1 cloak, value 10s.; 3 frocks, value 5s.; 1 cape, value 8s.; part of a weighing-machine, value 5s.; 4 pinafores, value 10s.; 1 veil, value 30s.; 2 dishes, value 2s.; 60 plates, value 2s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 5s.; the goods of 



Elizabeth Smith; and 1 coat, value 3l. 10s., and 1 waistcoat, value 15s.; the goods of 



John Rushby.






RICHARD LEE
. I am a potato-salesman, in Spitalfields market. Between seven and eight o'clock, on the 12th of April, I was opposite the Mint, and as I entered the Minories I saw a van, and the prisoner walking behind it, trying to get a box from it—I suspected him, as the van was going along, and

watched him—he kept trying to get it at different turnings, and opposite Rosemary-lane he tried again, without effect—opposite the Mint he took the box out of the tail of the van—I let him go about ten yards with it—I ran immediately, caught hold of him, and charged him with stealing it from the van—he said, "You did not see me"—I called the policeman, who came and took him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far did you watch the man? A. From the top of the Minories at Aldgate, up to the Mint—I have tried to get into the City Police, my father being a liveryman—I did not succeed, on account of my height—I was never accused of any thing wrong—I know Esther Haynes—I was not employed to whitewash a room of hers—she never accused me of taking 1l. 5s. out of her drawer—I know Charlotte Lawton—I never pretended to her that I was a widower, that my wife was buried in Stepney-churchyard, and want her to marry me—I did not show her my wife's grave—she came after me—my wife was living at the time, and is now—Lawton lent me two sovereigns—I paid her again, and have the receipt to prove it.

Q. Why not stop the man before, and not wait till he took the box; why not tell the carman somebody was trying to rob him? A. I cannot tell my reason—the box was very heavy, he could hardly carry it—I will take my oath he had it on his hip.





JOHN RUSHBY
. I am a builder, and live in Lincolnshire. I was with my van, the carman was driving it, who I employed to take the goods to the wharf—I was called to stop, which I did, and missed the box—I saw the prisoner in custody of a policeman, and the box was produced—there was a coat of my own in it, and the other property belonged to my sister, Elizabeth Smith.

Cross-examined. Q. What sort of a van was it? A. A four-wheeled van—the box was at the back part of it—not fastened—it could not have fallen out, for it was too far in, and the tail-board was up.





JAMES SMITH
. I am a policeman. I heard the cry of "Policeman," and saw Lee holding the prisoner in one hand and the box in the other—he charged him with taking it—the prisoner immediately said he did not take it, that it fell from the van and he picked it up.
(Ephraim Jacobs, Pastrycook, Old Castle-Street, Whitechapel;——Isaacs, furrier, Middlesex-street, Whitechapel; and Stephen Baylis, hair-dresser, Middlesex-street, Aldgate, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

