



1853. 




MARY ANN PURSE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of July, 1 shirt, value 5s.; and 1 shift, value 3s.; the goods of 



Daniel Dawson, and that she had been before convicted of felony.






DANIEL DAWSON
. I am a publican, but am out of business. I was at the Brewer's Arms, Pancras-road, between seven and eight o'clock on the 30th of July, sitting in the front room on the top floor—I had a shift and shirt on a line—I had seen the shift half an hour before—I heard a noise on the landing—I got up, and the door being a-jar, I caught the glimpse of some person going down stairs—I looked out and missed the shift and shirt—I saw the prisoner going along the street—I went down and brought her back—I got the officer, and saw the shift taken from her basket.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRICE. Q. How far had you to come down? A. Two flights of stairs—it might take five minutes—I lived at the top of the house—I do not know a Mrs. Hartley living in that house—there are women living there—the prisoner had gone from two to three hundred yards—I might keep her about half an hour, before an officer could be found—I did not request her in the meantime to give up the property, and go about her business-when I took, her, I told her she must walk back with me to the Brewer's Arms, she was wanted there—I left her inside, and went out to look for a policeman—she was in a deplorable state of drunkenness, so as to be totally insensible of what she was about.

MR. PRICE
called






ELEANOR HARTLEY
. I am a married woman, "and live in Brill-row, Somers-town. On the 30th of July, Mrs. Purse came to me in the afternoon to tea, and while she was having her tea, a tall woman knocked at the door—she asked if Mrs. Purse would iron her a shirt, and they went away.

COURT. Q. Was Mrs. Purse sober then? A. Yes, when she left me, and went with the tall woman—the tall woman was entirely in liquor, but all Mrs. Purse had was three pennyworth of brandy—they went into the public-house together—I hear they were in a beastly state before they left—she had no basket then.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I went to the prosecutor on last Sunday week, in the evening—he told me, in the presence of other people, that he had the woman nearly half an hour in custody before the policeman came in, and

if she liked to give the things up, he would have let her go about her business.





JAMES FITZPATRICK
 (police-constable L 109.) I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
