





1956. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WOODHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of September
, 16s., the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Spearing
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SPEARING
               



            . I am a haberdasher
. On the 12th of September I had dined in the City


, and got rather fresh, but knew I was going the right way to Hammersmith


, where I live - I met the prisoner as I was going into the Park; I felt a pressure, and my property was gone - I said, "You have robbed me, young woman, if you will give me back my money, you may go about your business;" she said she was innocent - I said, "You know better, I felt you take it;" the Policeman was just by - he took her, and found 16s. in her hand; I had had 18s. in my pocket, but two were left.
JOSEPH HANSON. I was on duty between eleven and twelve o'clock on Sunday morning, and heard words between the prisoner and prosecutor; I got within three paces of them, and concealed myself behind a tree - I heard the prosecutor say, "You have robbed me of all I have got; if you will return the money, I will let you go;" I went up, and said, "What has she robbed you of?" he said 16s. or 18s. - I took her to a gas-lamp, and said, "What have you in your hand?" she said her own money - I opened it, and found 16s. 1d. in it; she said at the watch-house that a captain had given her 14s. -1s. 1d. was her own; the other 1s. she could not account for.
Prisoner. Q. The prosecutor said I robbed him of two sovereigns? A.No, he said he had two sovereigns in his pocket, and so he had.
Prisoner's Defence. He was very tipay.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
