





419. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     LAMB
                  




               
             was indicted, for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, 6 half-crowns, 1s. and 4d., the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Lewis
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .

WILLIAM LEWIS. I am a coach maker
, and live in Squirries-street, Bethnal-green - I fell in with the prisoner between ten and eleven o'clock at night, on the 11th of January - she introduced herself to me, and asked me to treat her - we went to a public-house and had a quartern of gin - I had then six half-crowns and 4s. in silver - we drank the gin, and then went to a house where she took me, in Lower West-street, Smithfield


 - we went to a room up one pair of stairs - I was there about ten minutes - I paid the landlady 6d. for the room; but did not give the prisoner anything - my money was in my right hand trousers pocket - the prisoner came pretty close to me; but there was nothing said about what I was to give her - I felt my money safe when I paid the landlady for the room - I missed my money - I accused the prisoner of having robbed me - the landlord came up, and I said I had been robbed - he said, "Do you mean to give charge of her?" - I said "Yes;" and the policeman was sent for - he found some money on her.


                  REUBEN 
                  BEADLE
               



             (police-constable G 75). I took the prisoner - I asked the prosecutor what money he had lost- he said, "Six half-crowns and a shilling or two, and some halfpence" - the prisoner denied having it - I ordered a female to search her - she found these six half-crowns, one shilling and 4d. in halfpence, and six duplicates, on her.
Prisoner's Defence. I had pawned my shawl for 7s.; and I had money before that to make up for my landlord - I denied the money being the prosecutor's.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
