





796. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of April
, 3 half-crowns, 11 shillings, and 1 knife, value 3d.
            , the goods and monies of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Groom
                  




               
            .


                  HARRIET 
                  GROOM
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Groom
               



            : we keep the Sun public-house, Slater-street, Bethnal-green




. On the 27th of April, about half-past five or a quarter before six o'clock in the morning, my husband was in the tap-room, lighting the fire - there were a great many men went into the tap-room - one of them came out, and asked me for a shovel of coals - I went to get them, and as I was rising up I saw a man behind me - I screamed out, and he took hold of my arms, and held me down - I looked up, and saw another man taking money out of the till - I screamed out, and said, "There is a man robbing the till" - I pushed the man away who had hold of me, and ran to the street, when I saw a man running down the street, and I think it was the same man who had been robbing the till in the bar - he was a short man - there had been about 1l. worth of silver in the till, and I lost a knife which had been on a shelf just going in at the parlour door - the policeman brought back the prisoner - I could not say whether he is the man who was at the till.


                  CHARLES 
                  SULLIVAN
               



             (police-constable H 116). I heard the landlady call, "Stop thief" - I saw the prisoner run from the door - I pursued and overtook him - I found on him 18s. 11d., and my brother officer found a knife on him- when I was going to search him, he said he had but 3s. - the landlady identified him.
Cross-examined by MR. STAMMERS. Q. Where did you first see the prisoner? A. I saw him run from the door - I did not see him come out of the house - he was running, but not very fast - when I found the money, he did not say any thing; but at the station-house, he said it was his own.


                  GEORGE 
                  SEAMAN
               



             (police-constable H 150). I was opposite the public-house, and saw the prisoner run from the door - no other person ran till Mrs. Groom came out and pointed to the prisoner - my brother officer brought him back, and went into the house, and saw there eighteen or twenty reputed thieves - the prisoner was fumbling about his pocket, and my brother officer took out 18s. 11d. - the prisoner said, 3s. of it was his own - while my brother officer was counting the money, the prisoner put his hand to his coat pocket - I said, "Leave your pocket alone, or I will break your arm" - I put my hand into his pocket and found this knife.
MRS. GROOM. This is our knife I believe - here is another brought from our house.
Cross-examined. Q. Which is the one which was found on the prisoner? A. I do not know; but I believe they are both ours - there is no mark on them - I cannot say what description of money was in the till - there might be 1l. of silver and copper.


                  JOSEPH 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I live in Hare-street. The prisoner sold me some goods, which came to 19s., last Saturday fortnight.
COURT. Q. What are you? A. A weaver - the prisoner is a journeyman weaver - he sold me some battens and a stove - I went to the magistrate, but they would not let me in - I paid him 19s., and it was then his own money.(
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Weedon
               



            ; John Allen, of John-street, Bethnal-green; James Edney; Isaac Gladman, and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Reeves
               



            , gave the prisoner a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
