



972. 




MARY DAVIES
 was indicted

for feloniously braking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Sweet, on the 
28th of March, at 
St. Luke, Middlesex, and stealing there in 2 shawls, value 9s.; 1 frock, value 2s.; 2 aprons, value 1s.; 4 petticoats, value 3s.; 2 pinafores, value 6d.; 12 caps, value 2s.; and 2 shirts, value 2.; his property.—2nd COUNT. stating it to be the dwelling-house of 


Charlotte Sweet.






CHARLOTTE SWEET
. I am the wife of James Sweet, a private in the 89th Regiment of Foot Guards, I live in Playhouse-yard, Whitecross-street, in the parish of St. Luke-the prisoner came there, about the 25th of March, and took a furnished room—it was on a Friday—she was to pay 3s. 6d. a week—I required a reference—She told me where I could get one, but I was confined at the time, and did not inquire after it—I saw her on the Tuesday in the house—she and Sarah

Smith came out at the street door, about the middle of the day—they had both something in their aprons—I went up to my bed-room, and found it in confusion—I missed from my drawers two shawls, two aprons, one frock, two pinafores, a bundle of caps two shirts, and four petticoat—I went to the station-house, got an officer, and gave the prisoner in charge—she had very little to say—she pretended to know nothing at all shout it—she was taken to the office, and there I found on her a flannel petticoat, which was taken from my room—I had locked the bed-room door in the morning, and had not opened it afterwards—it must have been opened by a key for I found it still locked, and I am confident the things were there in the morning—I told the prisoner the petticoat was mine, and insisted on her taking it off—she said Smith had given her the petticoat—Smith had no business in my house at all—the prisoner paid me 1s. 6d. when she came into the house—she was to pay 3s. 6d. a week.





JESSE TUSTIN
 (police-constable G 41.) On Tuesday afternoon, the 29th of March, Mrs. Sweet came to the station-house—I accompanied her house, and after I was there some time the prisoner came in—I took her to the station-house—I tried the key of the prisoner's room door, and found it would open the door of Mrs. Sweet's room—at the office Mrs. Sweet claimed a petticoat which the prisoner had on-nothing else has been found.





CHARLOTTE SWEET

re-examined. This is my petticoat—it is made of two different sorts of flannel—the salvages are at the bottom instead of being made up at the sleeves—it was in the box under my bedstead—I have found nothing else.

Q. How came you, seeing two persons coming down with an apron full of things, not to stop them?—A. I stood at my counter in the shop—I went up-stairs, unlocked my door, and found the things about—I had not been in my room since eight o'clock in the morning—they came down between one and two o'clock in the day—I did not know they had got my things then—I am confident nobody went up-stairs, or I must have seen them—I have two more lodgers—I missed nothing from the prisoner's room—she said her husband was a carman, but I find he is a cabman—my husband does not live in the house with me—I pay the rent, and I have occupied it six years.

Prisoner's Defence. I don't know any thing about it—Smith gave me the petticoat—I did not know but it was her own—she gave it to me, and told me to put it on, as it was cleaner than my own was, and I did so—we both went out to get some things for tea—I left her talking to some persons in Whitecross-street—I came back after going for the things for tea, and I could not find Smith again—I went home and went up stairs, and asked if she had been—they said nobody had been at all—I sat down to my tea, and two policemen came in and said I had robbed Mrs. Sweet—Mrs. Sweet found the key of my door would open her's—she said she knew it would open her door, bur she had not time to get another—she keeps a house for girls like myself, and takes in things of all descriptions, and pledges—she has taken things from me—she charges 3d., for 1s.—if I go the same day to get things she charges 15d.—girls have pawned pattens and different things of hers—if you pawn any thing at her place for 1d., she charges you for it—if the house was searched, there are tickets and parcels folded up, and how much people have written on them—and when they fetch them away they have to pay so much interest.





CHARLOTTE SWEET

re-examined. I did not know the key would fit my

door, or I should not have let her have it—I never took any thing from the prisoner—I never knew her before—I keep a broker's shop, and sell pails and things—I never advance money one things—my stock consists of tins, pails, brooms, clothes, beds, and wearing apparel—I write on things what I give for them, and put them at the door for sale—I don't keep any thing in my house that may be sold to the same people again—I do not let people have things back again.





JESSE TUSTIN

re-examined. The prosecutor keeps a shop in the general line—she sells all kinds of apparel, shoes, clothes, tubs, and pails—things are not pawned there, to my knowledge—there was no duplicate found on the prisoner—inquiry has been made after Smith, but we cannot find her—Smith's mother said if her daughter was taken she would be sure to be transported this time—Smith is well known to us as a person of bad character.




GUILTY
.* Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years.
