





Before Mr. Justice Bayley.
509. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CURRIE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of January
, 1000 scores of straw plait, value 50l., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Austin
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
JOHN AUSTIN. I keep the Ship public-house, Chandos-street, Covent-garden




, and deal in straw plait
; I bought a quantity in August last, which I deposited in two large chests on the landing-place, close to my chamber door; the prisoner came to lodge at my house about six months ago - I think it was the beginning of September, or the latter end of August; he continued there till the 28th of January, when he was apprehended; I was present when he was apprehended in St. James'-park - he is a soldier
; the officer, in my presence, told him he was apprehended for robbing his quarters - he did not say what of; I missed nearly all my straw plait - there was upwards of a thousand scores in the chests; I found only forty left - that was two parcels of twenty each; I went, among other persons, to Stroud, and found some plait - he gave me up two bundles, which I have kept ever since; it is here - I find my private ticket inside both the bundles now; it was so when Stroud showed it to me - it is the letter G.: I sold none of the plait which I bought in August - I went to a great many other shops, and found some at several places besides - here are two bundles I got from Miss Tucker, of York-street, Westminster; I have no private-mark on that, as it is partly used, but by the colour, quality, tie, and size of the string, I believe it to be part of what I lost. In consequence of something I heard, I and Thomas, the officer, searched the prisoner's room at my house; the officer found 4l. 18s. 6d. in the fire-place - I never knew of the prisoner dealing in straw, or being any thing but a soldier.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Had you any other soldier lodging in your house? A. His comrade, Carter, lodged in the same room; he is still in the regiment, I believe - he left me directly this turned out against Currie; the serjeant took them both away - the prisoner had the key to lock the room whenever he chose; the chests were not locked - he had no business in the part of thehouse they were in; he would pass that landing to go to bed - I have also a female lodger who would pass the place. I am not a manufacturer of plait; I have lately lost my wife - she had nothing to do with the business - the letter G. is my own mark; it denotes the price I bought it at; I have bought thousands of bundles at that price in my life - I put it away for the Spring trade, and did not miss it till I found it was all gone; it was all safe the beginning of October - some was marked G. and the rest E.; three bundles here have not my mark on them -I had two of them from York-street, and the other I brought from home; I believe them to be the quality I had from the manufacturer, but these two have been untied, and then the private mark would drop out; the prisoner was billetted on me till he was apprehended - he was very troublesome in the house, and went to the next house, because my wife would not let him have salt and things three or four times a day - he did not take me before a Magistrate, it was my servant.
GEORGE STROUD. I keep a straw bonnet shop, in Milner-place, Lambeth. The prisoner called on me about three weeks previous to his apprehension, and offered some plait - I bought a small quantity of him for 8s.; it is here - I gave it to Mr. Austin about a week after; I am sure it was the same - I was about ten minutes making the bargain with him the first time; he came again next day, but I did not buy of him - he had some more plait; I do not know what quantity - what he brought the first time was in a red handkerchief; he had some in a handkerchief the next time, but I do not know whether it was red - it was tied in a handkerchief and put into a knapsack; he told me he had got more plait to sell me, and asked 10s. for it - I then asked where he got it: he said his sister and mother who made it sent it up to him from the country - I said, being a stranger to him, I should like to have some further account of it, as he asked me considerably below its value; I asked where he lived - he said in Oxford-street; he was in soldier's clothes - I asked where in Oxford-street; he said that was a matter of no consequence, if I had any doubt of him I had no occasion to purchase it - I then told him I had no reason to doubt him, but he asked me so much below the value, if he could prove to me how he came by it, I would give him 2l. for it - he had asked 10s.; I thought it worth full 2l. - he made some answer; I asked if his serjeant knew he dealt in straw - he said he did; I said if he would take me to where he lived, or to his serjeant I would purchase it, but that he also declined - I would not purchase, and he left; this interview lasted full twenty minutes - I have not the slightest doubt of his being the man; I did not see the private mark.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you keep an open shop? A. I do; my wife was present on the first occasion, and my brother on the second - they are not here; they were not required at Bow-street - I have not been long in the trade: I stated to him on the second occasion that I was a large dealer, and knew every one in the trade; that was not the case - I do not consider myself a very good judge of plait; I gave him 8s. for two bundles - he was in his undress with a cap on, and was a stranger to me before.
MARY BROWN. I live with my father, a bonnet cleaner, in Litchfield-street. The prisoner came to our shop to offer plait to my father for sale about three weeks ago; I was present - he bought none; the prisoner was in the shop five or ten minutes - I had never seen him before, but he is the man; he was dressed in regimentals, and had the plait in a red handkerchief.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you not seen other soldiers at your shop? A. No; he did not speak to me - I am positive he is the man; he was in his undress.


                  ELIZA 
                  TUCKER
               



            . I live at No. 47, York-street, Westminster, and keep a straw bonnet shop. I have bought plait of the prisoner; I am certain he is the man - he came several times; the last time was about a month ago- I have seen him four or five times, but did not purchase every time; the quantity altogether came to less than 1l. I have not the slightest doubt of his person - he was alone; he had it once in a white wrapper; I do not know what it was in at other times - I asked where he got it; he said he was a native of Dunstable, that his friends sent it to him, and he could serve me as cheap as the dealers as that was the case; that satisfied me.
Cross-examined. Q. Was that at the first or a subsequent time? A. I cannot be certain whether I bought any of him first - I always buy of dealers; they call at the shop - his being in soldier's clothes was the reason I asked him about it; I gave Austin what I had left - the rest was manufactured; I gave him 4s. for each bundle - I delivered up two bundles.


                  JAMES 
                  SADLER
               



             THOMAS. I am superintendant of the Police. I apprehended the prisoner - he was not searched; I searched his clothes which were at his lodgings; I have a handkerchief which I found inside one of his jackets, and inside the handkerchief are some small particles of straw not large enough for plait; I took him on the 28th of January, in St. James'-park, at the military station.
MR. BARRY to JOHN AUSTIN. Q. Besides the person you have named was there a boy and a man lodging in your house? A. There was a little boy eight or nine years old and his mother, but no man.
Prisoner's Defence. I know no more of it than a child unborn - I never committed any misdemeanor whatever.




               GUILTY (of stealing to the value of 99s
            .) Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
