





2125. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of September
, 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 knife, value 6d., and 2 half-crowns, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        McAnnulty
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN McANNULTY. I am a hawker
. On the 15th of September I was at the General Elliott, Church-street, Chelsea


; I had lodged there four nights previous - as I was taking my supper the landlady called me out, and said there was a bad lot in the tap-room, who were going to fight - I came to the bar, and thanked her; I drank a pint of beer, wiped my knife with which I had eaten my supper, and took my purse out of my breeches pocket, it was over some halfpence; I put the purse into my waistcoat pocket, and put the knife on the top of it - the prisoner came, reached over my arm, and took my knife and purse; I cried Robbery! and ran out directly after him - he had the purse in his hand, and got in among a parcel of women, and which he gave the purse to, I do not know; a Police-serjeant came up, and I gave charge of him - I saw the purse in his hand upwards of three minutes after I lost it.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.Have you always given the same account of it? A. I believe so - the purse was made of linen; I never said it was made of leather - it was about eleven o'clock at night; I never swore it was nine - I said I did not know the time, as there was no clock; the prisoner was taken facing the door of the General Elliott - the landlady was in the bar, but the passage is but narrow, and I turned my side to the bar to drink the beer; she was perhaps two yards from the prisoner - she did not say, in my hearing, that he was not the man; I was perfetly sober.


                  LUKE 
                  NIXON
               



            . I am a Police-serjeant. The prosecutor charged the prisoner with robbing him of a purse and some money; I took him to the station - I was surrounded by three women, and thrown down with the prisoner in my hand; we were all down together - in going along the prisoner said he would be d - d if it was him that robbed him, or something of that kind.
Cross-examined. Q.Were you on the spot? A. I was passing by; I took the prisoner ten or twelve yards from the house - I cannot say that the prosecutor said before the Magistrate, that he had seen the prisoner give his purse to a woman, but he said so after he came out of the office; the office was so crowded, I did not hear what he said there.
JURY. Q. Was the prosecutor sober? A.He hadbeen drinking, but knew what he was about; I did not hear any of the women call the prisoner by name, but he lives with one of them named Dockerty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
