





1799. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the shop of William Fowler, on the 10th of September, and stealing therein 2 sets of harness, value 9l.; 3 bridles, value 14s.; 1 chain bridle, not quite complete, value 14s.; 1 pair of traces, value 1l.; 1 back-band, value 5s.; 7 halters, value 17s.; 1 tug and trace, value 18s.; 1 pair of shaft-tugs, value 10s.; 1 cart back-band, value 5s. 6d.; 1 pair of winkers, value 14s.; 1 chain trace, value 7s.; 9 bridle-bits, value 2l. 10s.; 13 brushes, value 30s., and 4 curry-combs, value 5s., the goods of the said 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Fowler
                        




.


                  HENRY 
                  MASKELL
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Fowler
               



            , a saddler
 - his shop is in the New-road


. on the evening of the 9th of September I left it safe, and went to High-street, Hampstead, where my master lives - about six or seven o'clock next morning a Policeman came, and I went to the shop; I found the sets of harness and other articles in two sacks - I had left them hanging on pegs; they are all my master's.


                  JOHN 
                  LAUDON
               



            . I am a watchman. On Friday night, the 10th of September, between twelve and one o'clock. I was going round my beat, from Tottenham-court-road to the New-road - I tried the doors and windows, and found the door of this shop open; this padlock was hanging to the door- it had been picked; I pushed it open, and saw the prisoner standing inside the shop; I asked him what brought him there - he said he was Mr. Fowler, from Hampstead, and he was going to shut up his shop - I said he was not Mr. Fowler, for I knew him; I met the policeman, and gave him into custody - another Policeman then came with a light, and we found these two sacks of harness; the prisoner said he was going to Hampstead, and if I would go with him he could prove he was Mr. Fowler; at the station he gave his name as 
               
                  William 
                  Taylor
               



            , St. John-street-road, Clerkenwell.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you find on him any one thing that could pick a lock? A. No - I did not ask him if he was Mr. Fowler; he said if I would go to Hampstead I should find it was all right - I told the Magistrate that, and I suppose it was taken down- he was sober.


                  JOHN 
                  RODERICK
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was left in charge of the property while the prisoner was taken to the station-house; another officer came, and I gave the property into his possession.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NUTTALL
               



            . I relieved Roderick.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to the Camden Arms, Kensington; I then went to the Yorkshire Stingo, and waited there; I then got on the Paddington coach - it came on wet, and I got down; I went to the King's Head - I saw two gentlemen, who are here, and staid drinking with them there, and then at the Adam and Eve; one ofthem said, "I have a friend who keeps the Southampton Arms;" we went there, and had some more to drink - I was very much in liquor, and left them; as to the shop, I know no more how I came there than your Lordship.


                  THOMAS 
                  BUTCHER
               



            . I keep an oyster-shop, in Holborn. I know Tinson, a tailor, who lives at No. 131, High Holborn - he is the son of the landlord of the Old Bailey public-house. On the 9th of September I saw the prisoner at the King's Head; we staid there about an hour, and then went to the Adam and Eve - he left my company about a quarter-past eleven o'clock; he was drunk, and no one who saw him could avoid seeing that he was so - Tinson was with us; we had a great deal of brandy and water - it was a wet night; we were all nearly drunk - I went to get a coach, and when I came back the prisoner was gone; I have kept my present shop five years, and lived seven years eight doors farther on - I have known the prisoner fourteen or fifteen years; he is a hackney-master, and has had a very good character.
THOMAS TINSON. My father is landlord of the Old Bailey public-house. I was with the witness and the prisoner at two or three public-house; we parted from the prisoner a little past eleven o'clock - the house was about shutting up; the prisoner was drunk.
COURT. Q. Were you drunk? A. I cannot say I was sober - I was not drunk to lose my recollection.
JOHN LAUDON re-examined. Q. Did the prisoner appear to you drunk? A. No, and if the inspector had been bound over he could prove the same.
JOHN RODERICK. He did not appear to me to be drunk.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
