



795. 




JOHN SMITH, alias
 Robert Catter

, was indicted

for stealing, on the 
13th of February, 112 halfpence, the monies of 



Henry Marchant, from his person.






HENRY MARCHANT
. I live in Frederick-street, Hampstead-road. On Sunday morning, the 13th of February, I was taken to the station-house for being drunk—I was sober enough to know I had some halfpence in my pocket—I saw them last at twelve o'clock at night—I had 4s. 8d.—I had taken 4d. out of a 5s. packet which I had received that night, as part of my wages—I went and drank till twelve o'clock, and was then taken to the station-house—I know I had the halfpence safe then, in my great coat pocket—I took my great coat to lie upon, and felt the halfpence safe—there were four persons there, the prisoner was one—after I had been there some time, I laid down on the bench—I felt the halfpence there then—I had not been there long before I was pulled about, and one of the tails of my coat was torn off—I made a noise and was left alone, and went to sleep—I then awoke up, and felt the breast pocket of my great coat, and the halfpence were gone—I called, and the policeman came and looked through the door; I told him I had lost a 5s. packet of halfpence—he said he knew nothing of it—another officer came, and I told him the same—when daylight came (about seven o'clock I suppose) the Inspector came—I told him—he ordered the prisoner and another man to be searched, and on the prisoner was found 1s. 4d. or 1s. 4 1/2 d., all in halfpence—there was 8d.

or 8 1/2 d. found on another man—before daylight several of the prisoners had breakfast in the cell, and that I presume was paid for out of my halfpence.





WILLIAM BARTON
 (police-sergeant G 1.) The prisoner was searched by me—I found on him 1s. 6 1/2 d. in halfpence and one penny-piece—a portion of it was in his waistcoat-pocket, and the rest tied up in the tail of his shirt—he had waistcoat pockets, hut no breeches pockets.





FREDERICK ALLEN
. I was taken to the station-house that night for an assault—I recollect somebody being brought in, I did not see him, I was drunk—in the morning the prisoner awoke me, and said, "You sir, here is some halfpence for you," and I took them—I was not sober then—there was about 7d. or 8d., as near as I can guess.

Prisoner. Q. Was it light or dark? A. As near as I could guest it was dark—I know it was you, because you were the only one by my side, and I could recollect your voice—I had a pint of coffee and you had two pints—and then I recollect the prosecutor knocking at the door, and calling, "Police"—he said he had been robbed, and I recollected the prisoner had given me some halfpence—I was taken out to another lock-up place, and they asked if I had any halfpence, I said I had.





JAMES WILLIAM CRAWFORD
 (police-constable G 131.) I took the prisoner about half-past twelve o'clock the night before—I searched him over twice—he had only one penny-piece about him then.

Prisoner's Defence. That money I had in my shoe—at half-past eleven o'clock I took two duplicates, to get things out at Mr. Nicholls's, in Gray's Inn-lane—the shop was so full I left and went home—my landlord came up, and I put the money in my shoe, and in the morning I put it in the tail of my shirt, and changed a shilling to get some coffee—I gave the shilling to the short policeman—knowing I was going to the station-house I knew they would take my money from me, and I should have do victuals all day—there was 2s. 3d. in my shoe.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
