





OLD COURT. - Monday, July 7th.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1035. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  YATES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of May
, at Fulham


, 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; 2 waistcoats, value, 5s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 5s.; 1 knife, value 1s. 6d.; 8 half-crowns; 20 shillings; and 30s. in copper monies, numbered, the goods and monies of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Bolton
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Ann Williams
                     



.
HENRY BOLTON. I am a gardener
, and lodge with Mary Ann Williams, in Bull-lane


, in the parish of Fulham. The prisoner is a labouring gardener
, and lodged in the same house, on and off, for two years - he had not given up his lodging on Tuesday, the 20th of May - I went out that afternoon, between three and four o'clock, and left nobody in the house - I left it quite secure and fast - the front door bolted - the back door has no latch, but could only be opened by means of a stick, which those who were accustomed to the house knew of, but a stranger could not get in - I left my trowsers and all this property locked up in my box - one waistcoat hung on the balustrade - there was in my box 2l. in silver and 30s. in copper - the value of the property lost is 5l. 1s. 6d. at a very moderate rate - that is rather under the mark - my box was locked; I had the key in my pocket - I returned at ten o'clock at night - my landlady came home at that time - she went in first at the back door - I found my box broken open, and the articles and money stated taken away - I found this bent poker in the room - there were marks on the box which corresponded with the poker - the prisoner did not return home that night - I went next morning and found him asleep at the Three Crowns, Chelsea, and gave him in charge - a bundle was under another man's head - the prisoner was searched directly - he claimed the bundle as being his - I found in his pocket two knives, which were mine, and 1s. 1d.; the knives had been in my box, the bundle contained my waistcoat and trowsers.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  MOSES 
                  MOORE
               



            . I went into the Three Crowns public-house, at Chelsea: I found the prisoner there with a bundle - I fell asleep on the bundle - Bolton came in, and the prisoner said the bundle was his.


                  JANE 
                  RICKMAN
               



            . I live in the neighbourhood. On the Tuesday night in question I saw the prisoner near the prosecutor's house about a quarter before five o'clock - he came out of the back yard with a bundle tied in a blue handkerchief.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GUNN
               



            . I am a policeman. I was sent for - I searched the prisoner at the station-house, and found this knife in his pocket - he told me he had the property given to him, and afterwards he said he found it in the back yard of the premises where he lodged.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
