





862. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     BYFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen
                           
                           Williams
                        




                     
                  , on the 25th of March
, at St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and stealing therein 90 sovereigns; 1 bowl, value 1d.; and 2 brass keys, value 6d., his goods and monies
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the Prosecution.
STEPHEN WILLIAMS. I am a cow-keeper
, and live at No. 35, Long-alley, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch


. The prisoner lived in my service for about fifteen months, and left about a fortnight or three weeks before the 26th of March - I had a middling-sized clothes box in which I kept my clothes - he had seen me go to that box for money - I kept it in my back parlour - there is a door from the back parlour into the yard - on the night of the 25th of March, I latched that door, but did not fasten it in any other way - I can be certain there were ninety sovereigns and more in sovereigns and half-sovereigns in that box that night - I had seen the money three or four days before - I got up next morning about half-past five o'clock, and found the back door latched as before - I found the box out in the yard broken open, and all my money gone - I am sure the night before I had latched the back door, and the box was then safe in the parlour - I saw the prisoner that night about half-past nine o'clock in front of my premises, and I saw him at the back as well - he lives about three hundred yards from me - I missed a bowl which the policeman brought to me next morning - the prisoner lives in Angel-square - I observed traces on the dung which led to a search.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who did you leave up in your house when you went to bed? A. Nobody - I have no servant - I latched the door myself - I tried it before I went to bed - I forgot to bolt it - I generally bolt it the last thing before I go to bed - I am quite certain I tried it, and that it was latched - my back premises are very much exposed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HERITAGE
               



            , jun. I am assistant clerk at Worship-street office. I remember the examination of the prisoner, when Taylor was under examination, repeating his evidence - the prisoner interrupted him - he was stating that the prisoner had said he got over the wall - I was taking the deposition at the time. (Here the witness read the evidence of Taylor given before the magistrate) - when he stated that the prisoner had said he had brought the box into the yard, the prisoner said, "I did do it in that way, and not as the policeman has said, by getting over the dung."
Cross-examined. Q. You cannot be mistaken in that observation? A. I am quite positive - I believe I made a memorandum of it at the time.


                  THOMAS 
                  WEDGWOOD
               



            . I live in Dorset-street, Spitalfields, and sell earthenware. On the 29th of March, Charles Taylor, the witness, called on me - I received from him, on the 31st of March, 90l. in gold - he drew 20l. the week following, and 10l. a fortnight after that - the remaining 60l. is in my hands.


                  MARY 
                  ANN TAYLOR
               



            . I am the wife of Charles Taylor, and live in Thompson's-court, Half-moon-street, Bishopsgate. I know the prisoner perfectly well - a day or two before last Good Friday he called at my house, between three and four o'clock - another person was sitting in the room with me - the prisoner said he wished to speak to me - I went out into the passage with him, and he asked me to mind a little money for him - I agreed to do so - he gave me a bag directly, and next day, in my husband's presence, I opened it - there was one hundred and eight sovereigns, and four half-sovereigns.
Cross-examined. Q. Who was with you? A. A woman named Taylor, who lives in the house.


                  MARY 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I live in the same house, but am not related to the witness. On the afternoon in question I was in her room - I saw the prisoner sitting in the room - he said he wished to speak to Mrs. Taylor, and they left the room together - I then returned into the room.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the bag? A. No - I did not see her with any thing.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHARLES TAYLOR
               



            . I am the husband of Mary Ann Taylor. I have known the prisoner about four years - I was not at home when he called at my house - my wife showed me one hundred and eight sovereigns, and four half-sovereigns in an old coat pocket - I counted them - I put ninety into Mr. Wedgwood's hands, and laid out 30l. - I have drawn some of him - I laid it out by the prisoner's orders - I saw him about the money - he said I might have the odd money, and have half of it to lay out in stock - we were to go into business together - I gave my wife 20l. of it, and took 90l. to Wedgwood's, and afterwards drew 30l. from him - the prisoner told me he got over the privy into the yard, opened the door into the parlour, taken the box out and broke it open, and that he left the coat he took the pocket out of in the dye-house.
Cross-examined. Q. No doubt you thought all this was honest, or you would not have taken the money? A. I would not - I thought it quite honest - I have had presents of 10l. before from my friends - he was not a friend of mine - I suspected it was dishonest when he was taken up- I was taken up two or three weeks after - we were taken up together - he had been taken up and discharged first - that was on this charge - I forgot to go to Mr. Williams and tell him the prisoner had given me the money - the prisoner did not say at the office that I had broken the door open - I was not in the yard at all.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am a dyer, and live in Sweetapple-court, Bishopgate. The prisoner worked in the same house for about a week - he was apprehended the Sunday before Good Friday - on that day he came to me about five minutes before six in the morning, and we went to work together - he told me his feet were wet - I asked how they came so, as the street was quite dry - he said he had stepped into a puddle of water - I observed some cow-dung on his shoes - there was an old coat of his laying in the dye-house - he had taken that away with him the night before - I remember his being apprehended - he came and fetched his old coat away when he was discharged - I have seen the coat since - one of the pockets is torn out - here it is.
Cross-examined. Q. Does it not appear that they are worn out instead of being torn out? A. They may be worn out - it is a very old jacket - I never saw Taylor at our premises in my life.


                  THOMAS 
                  SEAL
               



            . I am a policeman. I was present at the prisoner's examination - he said he lived in Angel-square, Bishopsgate - I went there, and found this jacket - one of the pockets appears to have been torn out, and the other worn out.
Prisoner's Defence. That man says I owned I had done the robbery; when all of them seemed to say I did it, Isaid, "If you say I did it, I shall be found guilty that I did do it." I used to sleep at Williams', he had two cows, and I had been looking at the cows: my boots were all over dung.
MR. HERITAGE. After taking the deposition, I asked the prisoner if he wished to say any thing in his defence - he said, No - but, previously, when he said what I have stated, I told him he had better hold his tongue - I am sure he used the words I have stated - he interrupted the witness, and said so - and a minute or so afterwards, he said"I was in a passion" - he certainly said what he did in anger.


                  MATTHEW 
                  PEAK
               



            . I apprehended him at the dye-house - I told him to let me see his shoes - and as soon as he put his foot up, it was all over cow-dung - they appeared to fit the impressions in the dung.
MR. WILLIAMS re-examined. There is a parcel of cowdung at the back of my premises - I considered him a tolerable character when he first lived with me, but not at the latter part, for that was the reason I discharged him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
