





Fourth Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1987. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     LAMSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of September
, an order for the payment of 64l. 2s. 6d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Arbuthnot
                        




                     
                   and others
            .
SECOND COUNT, calling it a warrant.
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.
THOMAS ARBUTHNOT. I live at No. 147, St. John-street


, and have two partners. The prisoner came on Tuesday, the 21st of September, about four o'clock, to my house on business from a customer named Shields - I was sitting at my desk when he came in, but had occasion to remove to my ledger after I had found the nature of his business; the ledger was in the counting-house, but about three or four yards off - I had before drawn a cheque for 64l. 2s. 6d. on Grote and Co., and had placed it opposite me on a desk; I had drawn it about noon, but had seen it safe not five minutes before the prisoner came in - I made out a small account from the ledger, and gave it the prisoner, who went away; it did not occupy me two minutes, and I should think not one - while I was making it out my back was towards the prisoner; I am certain the cheque was safe when he came in, and in about five minutes after he was gone I missed it - I had noticed it there, as the person I wrote it for did not come for it, and I had been considering whether I should lock it up or destroy it - one of my partners was in the counting-house, and a servant had come in, but no other person; I sent a person to the banker's to stop the payment, who returned and said it had been paid - I sent about five minutes after the prisoner left.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Have you two partners? A. Yes - the cheque was drawn about twelve o'clock; I suppose it is full a mile from our house to Grote and Co.'s, the bankers - their house is in Thread-needle-street; I had not seen the prisoner before - I saw the cheque five minutes before he came; he came about four o'clock - we are in a large way of business, and many persons call in the course of a day, but I am certain no person came in after I saw the cheque, but my partner, and my servant, who are not here, and the prisoner; the cheque was about the middle of the desk - the door of the counting-house was to my right-hand, and the desk I went to was on my left; the prisoner stood on my right-hand - it is a double desk; my partner was opposite to me, but when I went to the ledger, he came round and spoke to me there, so that at that time his back was towards the prisoner - I should think I was not two minutes drawing out the account; this is the cheque.


                  ROBERT 
                  LAWSON
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Grote and Co. The prosecutors keep an account at our house; I paid this cheque on their account on the 21st of September - it is for 64l. 2s. 6d.; I gave the bearer three 20l. notes, one of them was No. 5974, dated the 7th of August - I do not know who preseuted it; as near as I can recollect, it was about half-past four o'clock.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you observe any thing at all particular about the person? A. No, Sir - I did not observe him to be heated or out ofbreath; I only recollect I gave him half a crown, and he asked me to give him two shillings and sixpence - I never said the prisoner was not the man; I should think the distance to our house from the prosecutors' is about a mile - it is about the middle of St. John-street.


                  CHARLES 
                  WALTER WHEELER
               



            . I am a Police serjeant. I heard of the robbery, and took the prisoner about a quarter-past one o'clock on this Wednesday morning, at the door of his own residence, No. 24, James-street, Commercial-road - he was very much in liquor; and I was standing waiting for him - when he came to the door he looked up; I said, "What is your name?" he said, "What is that to you?" I said, "I have a particular reason for asking you;" he said, "Go hang yourself; I am going in doors" - I said I would not let him go unless he gave me a more satisfactory answer; he said he would not tell me his name; I said I would lodge him in a place of security - he said, "What for?" I said about a cheque; he said, "D - n the cheque, I know nothing of it;" I said, "Do you know Musgrove?" he said Yes; I said,"He gave me the information;" he said, "D-n his b-y eyes, when I see him I will do for him" - I said,"You must accompany me, but I will go to this lamp to search you;" he said No, he would go to the station-house, but I should not search him there - he then said,"Well, well, you seem to do as you like with me" - I put my hand into his pocket; I found several papers, and saw him shifting a paper apparently into his waistcoat pocket - I laid hold of his arm, and between the sleeve and the arm I found this paper (reads) "Left 48l. 10s., watch, and spoons. E. Chalmers, 
               
                  John 
                  McLeod
               



            ." - I found some duplicates of other things; I went to the house of Mr. McLeod, in Wormwood-street, City, and received from Miss Chalmers one 20l. note, two 5l. notes, 18l. 10s. in gold, six silver table spoons, four plated ones, and one silver watch, with a gold chain and seals - I took Miss Chalmers before the Magistrate.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Had you stated your business before the prisoner refused to give his name? A. No; he said he had no objection to being searched, but not in the street.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  CHALMERS
               



            . I am single, and was on a visit at Mr. McLeod's, in Wormwood-street; on the Tuesday the prisoner called there quite intoxicated - he gave me a watch to take care of, in consequence of his being so tipsy, and said he would call for it in the morning; he then said if he left his watch he might as well leave his money - he laid it on the table, and I gave this memorandum as I was sitting nearest to the table; he first put down his watch, then a 20l. note, then two 5l. notes, and then eighteen sovereigns and one half sovereign, and in a few minutes he took out these spoons - this is the memorandum I wrote, Mr. McLeod signed his name to it in my presence, and I gave it to the prisoner; what he left was all wrapped up in a piece of paper, and as Mr. and Mrs. McLeod were going out of town the next morning they begged me to take care of them - I gave them up on the 24th of September; they had been kept in a closet in my bed room, and I am sure they had not been disturbed in the mean time.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who else was in the house? A. Only one maid servant; I wrapped this property up, and as I was going to bed I left the key of the closet on the chimney-piece in my room - I had been repeatedly out of the room; not for more than half an hour at a time - I had not been out of the house; I cannot say whether I had any visitors or not - the servant might have gone into the room: she is not here - my bed-room is on the second floor; I do not recollect any visitors coming - Mr. McLeod has trusted the prisoner with sums of money; he was several years in his employ.
MR. BARRY. Q. Did you find the same sum that you put away? A. Yes; I did not make any mark on it.


                  JOHN 
                  McLEOD
               



            . I keep a tavern, at No.7, Wormwood-street. This witness had been on a visit at my house; I have known the prisoner seventeen years; he was eleven years in my service, and left me about four years ago. On the night of the 21st of September he came in, and was intoxicated; he pulled out his watch, and was desired by Mrs. McLeod to leave it - he said if he left his watch he would leave his money; I said he must take an acknowledgment for it, and I told the witness to write a memorandum for it - I put my signature to it, and told him to take it in his pocket in case his wife should miss any of his property; he has a wife and seven children - I never looked at the property, nor touched it.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. You have known him seventeen years? A. Yes; and up to this time he has had a good character for honesty.


                  ROBERT 
                  LAWSON
               



            . This is one of the £20 notes I paid.
Prisoner's Defence. I am in the habit of going to the Vine inn, Bishopsgate-street, where I have met with travellers - I saw a man there whom I have seen before; he was going to Stonrbridge fair, and had his stock with him - I purchased this watch-chain and twelve spoons of him for 12l.; I gave him a 50l. note, and received this 20l. note, the two 5l. notes, and eight sovereigns, and I had ten sovereigns and a half of my own - I then went to Mr. Mc-Leod's.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
