




2014. 




EMMA SMITH
 and 




GEORGE PALMER
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
26th of August, 1 watch, value, value 40s.; 1 chain, value 2s. 2 keys, value 1s.; the goods of 



James Bedlow, from his person.






JAMES BEDLOW
. I live in Ireland, but I have been stopping in Drury-lane On the 26th of August I was on my way down Fleet-street, about half-past twelve o'clock, going home—I lodged at that time at Mr. Dray's—I returned home from seeing a few friends, and as I came down Fleet-street the female prisoner came out of Chancery-lane—she took hold of me—I was walking very quick at the time, being in a hurry—I thought to get from her, and said, "My dear, you had better let me go"—she pulled me up the street a little, put her hand to my smallclothes, gave it a pull, and worked the watch out, and ran—I went to button my smallclothes and missed the watch—I ran after her, and when I got within a few yards of her she gave the watch to a man in a sailor's blue jacket—he ran with the watch—she took hold of my coat behind to prevent my following, and the watchman came up—the male prisoner was the man she gave it to—he was not above half-a-dozen yards from the spot—I could see the watch handed from her to him—I dare say he was eight, or ten, or twelve yards off—I cannot form a judgment whether he was aware what she was about—these was light—I think he was near enough to see her take it—he was near enough to see me and her—I had nothing whatever to do with the female, and had no intention—I saws her hand the watch to Palmer, and he ran away with it—I was not two yards from him when I saw it in his hand—I could almost have laid my hand on him, only she caught me by my coat to prevent my following him—I remained in that way till the watchman came up—the man was taken about a fortnight afterwards I believe—I have never seen my watch again.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You say this was about twelve o'clock at night? A. Yes—I had dined that day in Red Lion-street with a friend from Calcutta, about four o'clock—when I returned home I called to see a couple of friends at Mr. Watson's, in Drury-lane—I stopped about two hours where I dined, and drank a couple of glasses of gin-and-water, I suppose not more, and some ale at my dinner—I do not think I had above a pint of half-and-half at Mr. Watson's—I staid there about an hour and a half, or two hours—I was coming home, and Mr. Anderson, my friend, walked home with me, and when he came to his own door he said I should go and have supper with him—his house is on the left of Drury-lane—It then wanted about a quarter to twelve o'clock—I do not suppose I had left him more

than ten minutes—I was walking about from six o'clock—I did not go any where to get refreshment—I had a little bread and cheese, and about half a glass of beer at Anderson's—I was perfectly sober—I was coming to the Old Bailey, to Mr. Daly's where I was then lodging, and when I came down there, the door was locked, and they were gone to bed—they thought I was in bed—I rang the bell, and could not get in—I returned, intending to sleep at Mr. Foley's the friend I had left in Drury-lane—I never saw the person who received the watch before—I came over here on some law business of my own—I am quite sure I was quite sober—I did not see the man at all till the woman took the watch, and ran to him with it, and gave it to him—after he took the watch from her, he flew off in an instant—she held her hand up, and gave him the watch—I saw him quite plain, he had a blue jacket on—I can prove he is the man—I told me Magistrate I was not sure, in consequence of the dress he had on—I said I could not swear to him in the dress he wore then, which was a butcher's jacket—the Magistrate told him to take off his jacket, and he had a jacket on under that—I said it was a buttoned jacket—the Magistrate told him to button it, and I identified him directly—I could not run after him, as the woman held me by the coat—I could not get from her—I am positive he is the man—I saw his face when he took the watch—I did not see it for above a second—he then turned his back to me—I persist in swearing to him—he had a blue jacket on.





JOHN LEWIN
. I am watchman. On the 26th of August, I was at the corner of Chancery-lane—I heard a noise—I went up, and saw the prisoner Smith holding the prosecutor by the tail of his coat—I took her hands from his coat, and took her into custody—he said she had stolen his watch, and given it to a man in a blue jacket.

Smith. He took me and another female up a turning in Chancery-lane and gave me half-a-crown—I would not consent to what he wanted, and he wanted the half crown from me.





JAMES BEDLOW
. On my oath, I was not four minutes with her—I had not a shilling in silver that night—I did not give her half-a-crown—there was not another female with her.





JOHN LEWIN

re-examined. I had seen the two prisoners together five minutes before, at the corner of Chancery-lane, standing talking together—I have known Palmer two or three months—I cannot be mistaken in him.

Cross-examined. Q. Where is your beat? A. From St. Dunstan's church, and up Chancery-lane-there are a great many people about there—I did not known where to find Palmer—my fellow watchman took him on the 10th of September—I knew him before, by seeing him in Smith's company, I dare say two hundred times.

Smith's Defence. I had not seen this young man for three days before I was accused of this.

Palmer's Defence. I never saw the watch nor the man.





JAMES BEDLOW

re-examined. The coat the prisoner has appears to be the same he wore before the Magistrate—It is not the jacket he wore on the night of the robbery—he had that on before the Magistrate, under the one he now wears—I have inquired about my watch, but cannot find it—I saw Palm er four or five days after, going into a house between Templebar and Drury-lane—I did not see his face, but I knew the jacket—I ran and got a policeman—I said "I really think the man is gone into the house, but I did not see his face"—he said he could not do any thing in it—I

had better get a county policeman—I thought he was the man, from his size, figure, and jacket—he had a round jacket, like a sailor's, with pockets to it, and rather fine cloth.





JOHN LEWIN

re-examined. I have heard the jacket described, and can say that for the last months Palmer wore the same jacket.





GEORGE BAKER
. I took the male prisoner in Fetter-lane—I first saw him looking into a cook-shop—I knew his face—I crossed over, and he ran away into Fleet-street—I sprang my rattle and secured him.

Cross-examined Q. How many times before had you seen him? A. I saw him on the night of the robbery in Fleet-street with the female prisoner—I knew him before that.

EMMA SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

GEORGE PALMER—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.




Transported for Four
teen Years.
