





1798. 




WILLIAM WAKEMAN,



 WILLIAM CAPEN
, and 




JOHN MORRIS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
1st of August, at 
St. James, Westminster, 1 cash-box, value 30s.; 11 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, 3 half-crowns, and 8s.: the goods and monies of 



Edward Rea, the master of wakeman, in his dwelling-house






EDWARD REA
. I am a chemist and druggist, and live in Wardour-street, Soho, in the parish of St. James, Westminister. the prisoner Wakeman was in my employ nearly a month as errand-boy—he left on the 1st of August, without notice—I had given him notice to quit that night, but he went without my knowledge—I had desired him to leave my service, but did not mean him to leave that night—he might have come on Sunday morning if he chose—I went for my cash-box next day, which I kept in a cupboard, and missed it—I had left it safe on the Friday, the day before he left—it was locked, and contained eleven sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, three half-crowns, and about 10s.—Wakeman was afterwards apprehended—I asked him what had become of my box—he said it was sunk in the Thames, filled full of sand.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. At what time did he leave you? A. About a quarter before eight on Saturday night—I have a nephew in my employ, but he was out of the house at the time—I asked him about the box at Marlborough-street the day he was taken—Avis, the officer, and the prisoner's father were present at the time—the cupboard the box was in was not locked—it was usual to leave it open, having different books in it—I did not generally keep my cash in the box, but the box was always in the cupboard—I took money out of it the day before, about noon—the money was then in it—I have never said there were fourteen sovereigns—there was a bill for 25l. which I had to keep for a friend—I said there was the amount of 14l. in the box—I will not swear to the exact silver—the prisoner said that the money was spent, and Capen and Morris had part of it—it was a dark brown rosewood dressing-case.





JAMES HILL
. I am in the employ of Mr. Ellis, of Wardour-street. On the evening of the 1st of August, I was Standing outside of the shop, and saw Morris standing at the corner of Orange-street, and Capen walking backwards and forwards in front of Mr. Rea's shop, which is two doors from the corner of Orange-street—it is opposite my master's—I saw Wakeman come out of the private door, with the box under his arm, and give it to Capen, who gave it to Morris—they went down Orange-street all three together—it was a dark brown box—I had never seen it before.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen any of the boys before? A. Yes: I had seen them all at work, when I was going on master's errands—they took my attention, because they went out with Wakeman on errands, when he went out during that week—this was about twenty minutes to eight o'clock.


Copen. He came and called me out of Dean-street—I was notn near Wardour-street after twelve o'clock in the day.

Wakeman. I never saw him that night—he was at King-street, but had nothing to do with the box.





GEORGE AVIS
. I am a constable of Marlborough-street. In consequence of information, I went to Rochester, on Tuesday, the 3rd of August, in search of Wakeman—Mr. Gilbert there gave me some silk handkerchiefs, a piece of calico, and two caps—I afterwards saw Wakeman in custody at the police-office, and questioned him—I neither threatened him or made him any promise—I asked him how he came to rob his master—he said he was induced to do so by the other boys—I asked what had become of the box?—he said, they had filled it full of sand, and sunk it in the Thames, by Waterloo-bridge—I asked him what quantity of money there was—he said Capen told him there was only 7l., and that Capen opened it—I went to King-street, Golden-square, and found Capen there—his father fetched him out of bed—I took him on the steps of the door—he said he wished to give himself up, for he knew he should be taken—I took him to my own house—I took the cap off his head, and produced another cap—I asked him if it was his—he said it was—I had brought that cap from Rochester—he said the money was spent—I showed him the articles I had, and asked him if they were the articles he purchased at Rochester—he said they were.

Cross-examined. Q. Is it your practice to ask questions of prisoners of that age? A. Yes: I always caution them first not to say any thing unless they choose, that I should not seduce them to do it—if they have any thing to say, they may say it—I asked him the questions, but I cautioned him previously—I have been an officer sixteen years.

Morris's Defence. He said in Marlborough-street that he saw Wakeman bring it out in a sack.





JAMES HILL

re-examined. I did not say so—he brought it out under his arm—I am quite sure Morris and Capen were there—it was Saturday evening.

Capen's Defence. I had nothing at all to do with it—I only went with him to his aunt Rochester—I was at home all day on Sunday, and Saturday night too.





CAROLINE EDWARDS
. I know Morris—he was a complete stranger to me—I removed into his house about a month ago—on the Saturday this was done, I met him coming up the stairs, between eight and miss o'clock, and he was at home till Monday morning, at the house, No. 93, Berwick-street—I know Wardour-street; it is close to Berwick-street—I saw him first between eight and nine o'clock—I should not think it was above half-past eight o'clock when I met him coming up stairs





ELIZA SHADE
 I live in Tower-street, Soho—I know Morris was at home on Sunday—his mother tells me people say he was in the country, but I saw him at home all day—I know nothing else about it





JAMES CAPEN
. I am the prisoner's father—I was not at home on Saturday the 1st of August—I came home about half-past nine, to the best of my recollection—I was out on buisness—I do not know where my son was next day—he was not at home—the officer applied to me after he had been to Rochester—I delivered him up to the officer the first oppurtunity I could—I locked him up, and sent for Avis—he has worked at several respectable places—I never knew him dishonest before.
(Elizabeth Prest, of Dean-street, Soho; John Housely, Ely-court, Helborn deposed to the prisoner Wakeman's good character: and Daniel

Besley, Queen-street Diana Giles, Chapel-street, soho, to that of Morris; and Elizabeth Sangster, of Well-street, to that of Capen.

WAKEMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 11.

CAPEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.

MORRIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.





Tranported for Life.

Wakeman recommanded to mercy by the Jury, believing him to have been seduced by the other prisoners.

