






406. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MAJOR
                  




               
             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  REDMAN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of December
, 16 pairs of shoes, value 4l., and 2 pairs of boots, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Musgrove
               




            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  MUSGROVE
               



            . I am a shoemaker
. I lost shoes and boots at various times, and on the 19th of December I came into the shop at half-past seven o'clock in the morning, and found the two prisoners there; Redman had been in my employ as journeyman
, and Major used to pass as his brother-in-law; I told them to come about nine o'clock; I sat up the whole of the next night, thinking they would come again, but they did not, and I got a warrant to search Redman's premises, at No. 22, Anne-street, St. George's; I found both the prisoners there - they said they knew nothing at all about my property; I found one duplicate for shoes in Redman's trousers pocket; I know these shoes and boots to be mine, but I cannot swear any of them were on my premises on the morning of the 19th of December; Major had been at my house almost every morning, and brought a bag with him.
JOHN COLLINS. I am in the prosecutor's employ. On the morning of the 19th of December the prisoners came before my master was in the shop - they were in the habit of coming early in the morning; Major had a bag, and used to say he worked at coal work; I had no suspicion of them till the 19th, when they got shuffling me about, and I thought they wanted to steal shoes - Major used to call Redman his brother-in-law.
Redman. He used to ask me to take down the shutters for him, and said he would give me a penny for it. Witness. No, I did not.


                  ROBERT 
                  STUPART
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two pairs of shoes pawned on the 19th of December by Redman, and some on the 14th - I cannot be certain who brought those.


                  JOHN 
                  DANIEL HAWES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have five pairs of shoes pawned by Redman at different times.


                  FREDERICK 
                  LANE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two pairs of shoes and a pair of boots pawned by a woman who calls herself Major's wife.
THOMAS SIZER. I am a pawnbroker. I have five pairs of shoes; I cannot say who pawned them.


                  BOYD 
                  SILVESTER
               



            . I took the prisoners, and found this duplicate of a pair of shoes pawned on the 14th of December, in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



             on Redman - he said he did not know how it came in his pocket.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Major's Defence. I never pawned nor had a pair of shoes.
Redman's Defence. I know nothing about them.


                  JOHN 
                  COLLINS
               



            . Redman has offered me presents to go out - on the morning of the 19th he offered me a dog.
MAJOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
REDMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
