



2361. 



FREDERICK MERCHANT, alias
 Hopgood,

 was indicted

 for, stealing, on the 
1st of September, 1838, 1 crayon, value 3d.;20lbs. weight of paint, value 10l.; and 1lb. 11oz. of composition for crayons, value 5s.; the goods of 



William Winsor and another, his masters.






HENRY CHARLES NEWTON
. I am in partnership with Wm. Winsor, in Rathbone-place, as artist's colour-manufacturers—the prisoner was in our employ, and was discharged last October—a few days ago I went to his house, No. 44, Crescent-street, Euston-square, with an officer, searched it, and found a box containing these articles, the greatest part of which are our manufacture—we have lost such articles—the prisoner was not at home.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Which do you speak to as having ever been your property? A. The Vandyke brown I know by its being particularly small—it is never imported in this state, in the general way—it is imported by ourselves—I cannot say that no other house imports it in the same way, but I know it by its exactly resembling what I have at home, by its being particularly small, and its exact tint—I will not say other houses might not have the same description of article—I missed quantities of colour at different times—it is impossible for me to say whether

I missed any of it in September or October last year—I had not missed the Vandyke brown till I found it—I had missed a quantity of pink madder, and I know this by my own make—no other person makes the same kind, it is a chemical process, and every manufacturer has a different mode—there are not more than three makers—the peculiarity consists in the clearness of the tint—I am certain it is mine by the peculiar tint—I found about 14oz. of that at the prisoner's house—it is worth 4s. 6d. or 5s. an ounce—here are also two cakes of colour which have our name on them—I cannot say they have never been sold—here is a parcel of crimson lake, in a state of half preparation—I know that by a peculiar circumstance—it was ground up, and not wishing to use it all at the time, it was cut up in shreds, and none of that was ever sold, for it was not in a saleable state.





EDWARD JONES
. I went to the house, No. 44, Crescent-street, with the prosecutor—I saw the prisoner's wife there—I afterwards went to the prisoner, and told him I apprehended him on suspicion of robbing his late employers, and asked how he accounted for the boxes I found, pointing to the boxes I had in a coach, which was waiting for him—he said, "I bought it at different times"—among other things, I found some circulars, signed "F. Merchant," about cake-colours and other articles produced, stating that he had commenced business, and could serve at 15 per cent, cheaper than any other house in London, for ready cash.





ELIZABETH JONES
. The prisoner lived at the house the officer searched—he went by the name of Hopgood.

Cross-examined. Q. What part did he occupy? A. The second floor, and I the first.

MR. NEWTON. re-examined. We gave the prisoner 1l. a week—we discharged him on suspicion of robbery, but we had no positive information till we received information two days ago, and got a search-warrant—I have compared the lake in the bottle with what we have at home, and it exactly resembles it—the bottle is not mine.




GUILTY
. Aged.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
