





1284. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     CRAWLEY
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 20th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Goodchild
                     




                  , from his person
            ; and that he had been before convicted of felony.
SAMUEL GOODCHILD. I am a salesman
. On the 20th of May I was on Blackfriars-bridge


, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening; I was told by a boy that I had been robbed - that the man who had taken my handkerchief had run off, and the prisoner had helped him to take it: the prisoner was at that time very near, within hearing of the boy - I had used my handkerchief just before; I have never seen it since - the prisoner turned round, put himself before me, and said he knew nothing of the matter; the boy said to him, "You do, for I saw you lift up the skirt of the coat, while one of your companions took the handkerchief out;" I said, "I will have you taken care of:" he then said, "I will show you the person who has the handkerchief;" he turned, and ran off - I pursued, but he out-ran me, and I raised a cry of Stop thief! the prisoner was shortly afterwards brought back.


                  HENRY 
                  PAGE
               



            . I was passing over Blackfriars-bridge. I saw the prisoner and two others following the prosecutor - I saw the prisoner put his hand into the pocket, then he took up the skirt of the coat, and another man took the handkerchief out; he wiped his nose with it, and then went off directly - I told the prosecutor of it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LONG WARD
               



            . I am an officer. I was coming from the Temple, and going up Primrose-hill I saw the prisoner running, and took him into custody.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM HARRISON
               



            . I am an officer. I know the prisoner - I have had him in custody before - I have a certificate of his former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office - (read); I know the prisoner is the person.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking close to that young man when I heard him tell the gentleman that I was with the man who picked his pocket; I asked him if he would come with me and the gentleman, and perhaps we might see the man who took it - I came over the bridge, and not wishing to be taken, I ran away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
