



1124. 




DAVID BAKER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
26th March, 3 shillings and 4 sixpences, the monies of 



William Mortlock.






SARAH MORTLOCK
. I am the wife of William Mortlook, and live at Merton, in Surrey. On the 26th of March, I had to send my goods down to my husband—I was then living in Tottenham-court-road—I sent them by the errand-cart man who lives at Merton—I expected to go with him; but when he came, I could not go—in consequence of some circumstances, I thought it necessary to go to the Elephant and Castle, between ten and twelve o'clock at night—I took the wrong road, and got down to Peckham, and had to inquire my way back to the Elephant and Castle; and in order to get home as quickly as possible, I thought I would hire a cab—I saw the prisoner with a cab—I asked him what he would take me to Merton for—he said 5s.—I asked if there were any turnpikes—he said yes, them was one—I asked what the toll would be—he said 5 1/2d.—I said, unless he would take me for 4s. 6d., or for 5s., and pay the turnpike, I could not go—he agreed, and I got in—he said it would make no difference if I gave him the money then—I gave him three shillings and four sixpences, which was all I had, except one farthing—he told me to wait, while he went across the way, and he went—I waited, and he did not come—I got into the cab; and, instead of his coming, three men came to try to get me out—I resisted, and would not get out—the prisoner found they could not get me out, and he came himself, and insisted upon my getting out of the cab—he said, what did I do in that cab—I told him I had paid him the money to go to Merton, and till he took me there I would not get out—he said he was not the man, and knew nothing about it—I have not the slightest doubt that he is the man who had the money—he insisted upon my getting out, and said he would pull me out—I dared him to do it, and he got up to push me out—I called the policeman, who came and took him—I told the policeman he was the man I had paid the money to—the prisoner made no answer—I am quite sure he was the man who had the custody of the cab when I first of all went up, and the person to whom I paid the money—he sat in the cab when I went up, and he went away, and left me there.

Prisoner. I knew nothing at all about the case till the men came, and told me that a woman was in my cab—it was half-past twelve o'clock before I got on the stand—I took a gentleman to Peckham from the same stand at a quarter past ten, and did not return till half-past twelve—I then went to the cook-shop to get my supper. Witness. I went up close to the cab, and spoke to the driver—I cannot say how many cabs were on the stand, but his was the last one—I did not go out of sight of the cab, nor more than five yards from it no other cab came up.





WILLIAM FISHER
 (police-constable L 73.) I was on duty, on Saturday

night, the 26th of March, between eleven and twelve o'clock, to the best of my knowledge, and hearing some altercation, I went over, and saw the prosecutrix sitting in the cab—she said she paid the cabman 5s. to take her to Merton, and he would not take he—I saw no person with the cab—I took the horse's head to turn him round—then the prisoner came and said it was his cab—I took them down to the station-house—he said he had not received any money—he did not then say he had been with a gentleman at Peckham.

Prisoner. You say you saw nobody standing by the cab. Witness. When I came up to the cab, there were a number of persons, but nobody in possession of the cab—with a view of finding who it belonged to, I took the horse's head, and said, "Who does this belong to?" and you said, "Me"—I took hold of the horse, and was leading it—you asked me to get into the cab, and said you would drive it to the station-house, but I did not get in—I led the cab down to the station-house—there were several persons followed us—I cannot say whether any body on the other side had hold of the reins.

Prisoner. This man was drunk, and the prosecutrix was intoxicated—if not drunk, I have witnesses to prove all this—I was in the gentleman's company, (Mr. Phelps,) and never left the Red Cow, at Peckham, till a quarter past twelve o'clock.





SARAH MORTLOCK

re-examined. I had nothing to drink—I left Tottenham-court-road about eight o'clock in the evening—my goods were not packed up till after 6 o'clock in the evening—I thought I was in the right way of going home, and never went into any public-house at all—it was impossible for the cab, where I paid the money, to have been drawn away, and another to come in its place, and I not see it.

Prisoner to
WILLIAM FISHER. Q. Did any body drive the cab down to the station-house? A. I had hold of the horse's head on the near side—I led the horse—the cab is No. 1230—the prisoner did not assist me to get into the cab, and drive me down to the station-house.

Prisoner. The woman was asked at the station-house if I was the person—she was a good while before she would say, and she held out her hand, and said to the inspector, "Will you allow me you hand"—he gave her his hand, and she turned round and said I was the person—it appeared to me that the inspector pressed her—he did not think proper to take the charge—I was discharged—and he gave her a note, and said she could summons me for it.

COURT
to
WILLIAM FISHER. Q. Was he discharged by the inspector referring the woman to Union-hall for a summons? A. I cannot tell: but the woman said he was the man at the station-house—the inspector is not here—she did hesitate for some time at first about identifying him.

Prisoner. After I was discharged from the station-house, I returned to the same rank, and heard there from several of the other men that she had been asking several of them whether they would take her down for 5s.—every body refused her—it could not be earlier than half-past twelve o'clock when I returned to the rank, and she states that she paid the money at half-past eleven o'clock—it must be that she paid the money to the last cab that was there then, and then I returning to the stand, she thought it was mine—there is a man in the prison who was at Union-hall at the time this woman came in take a warrant out, and he will state that she said at the office, that the man that drove the cab down to the station-house, was not the man she gave the money to.






SARAH MORTLOCK

re-examined. The policeman led the cab down to the station-house—the prisoner sat on the seat.

Prisoner. Q. Did the policeman sit in the cab along with you? Witness. No, he did not—he he hold the head of the horse, which he turned from the rank.

JURY
Q. Was it moonlight? A. Yes—it was light enough for me to see him with the gas and the light of the evening.

COURT. Q. How came you to hesitate as to his being the man? A. I hesitated not all—when I was asked whether that was the man to whom I paid the money, I said, "Yes, that is the man"—the inspector immediately wished to know the number of the cab, and his name, and where he lived, and returned it to Union-hall—I have not the least doubt of him.





GEORGE CHAPMAN
. I have come out of the gaol, and am charged with stealing a ham—I was in the town-hall when the prosecutrix came to take out a summons against the prisoner—she stated that she paid 5s. to a person standing by the cab, and in a short time, that this other person came up, and this was not the person she paid the money to.





SARAH MORTLOCK
. The Inspector asked me whether that was the man—I said that was the man—he was then taken, and locked up till he came before the Magistrate—the Magistrate asked me whether that was the man—I said, "Yes, it was."—they asked whether I was quite sure—I said, "Yes, and he pulled off his coat, thinking I should not know him—I knew him perfectly well.

Prisoner. What she is stating now, happened on the day that I was taken.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for seven Years.
