



236. 




RICHARD ROBERTS, alias
 John St. John

, was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Moody, about the hour of twelve in the night of the 
17th of October, at 
Woolwich, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 watch, value 10l.; 1 watch chain, value 3l. 10s.; 3 seals, value 6l.; 2 watch-keys, value 5s.; 1 scentbox, value 1s.; 30 pence, and 20 halfpence, his property.






HENRY MOODY
. I am a baker, and live in Samuel street, Woolwich, in the parish of St. Mary, Woolwich. I have known the prisoner about eight years—his father lives about fourteen doors from my house—the side of my house forms the end of Henry-street where he lives—on the 17th of October I went to bed at a quarter past ten o'clock, and left my wife up—I had fastened every thing but the front door—I left my wife undressing the infant, with her mother by the fire—she came to bed after

me—when I came down in the morning at a quarter before 7 o'clock, I found the front door fast and the kitchen window thown up—I had fastened it the night before—there was a box of lucifer matches on the table—I went into the back yard—nobody could get to the window without getting over the wall, the house being surrounded by a high wall—I saw an entrance was made by taking ten tiles off the hay-loft, which were safe the night before—the woodwork the tiles rested on was taken away and the parties had then got down to the kitchen window—I then returned into the house and found the till open which I had locked the night before—you could get from the kitchen into the shop—I missed about 30 pence and 20 halfpence from the till—I then went into the parlour and found a work-box emptied, I missed a silver scent-box—a tea-caddy was also emptied—a cupboard was open where I keep papers, but nothing taken from it—I went up stairs and on the mat of the bed-room where I had slept, I found a candlestick and a small bit of candle standing on the mat, that had been left on the mantle-shelf the night before—the candle did not belong to the house, but the candlestick did—I went into my bed-room, and missed from a hook on the right band side of the fire-place, a gold watch, a gold chain, three seals, a gold key, and a metal key—I had used the metal key for winding it up—it was not attached to the watch—I had heard no noise in the course of the night—my wife and two children were asleep in the same room with me that night—I have seen the watch since—the maker's name is Desbois Wheeler.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Where did your wife's mother sleep? A. She slept in a room cm the same landing—I was the first that went down in the morning—I am certain I fastened the kitchen window over night—I remember it particularly—it fastens with a wedge in the side—it had been forced up from the outside—the window could be broken without breaking the wedge—there were no shutters to it—the wedge prevents its being opened without force—I have known the prisoner about eight years—his name is John St. John Bain—a person named Lindsey was apprehended from the prisoner's statement—I know nothing about him—he is a year or two older than the prisoner—I do not think the entrance could be effected by one person alone—Lindsay has been twice before the Magistrate, and was discharged—he was bailed on his own recognizance, and he appeared each time.





HENRY DALE
. I live with my father and mother, in Plumstead-place: I go to sea—I came home about three weeks before this happened—I went to school with the prisoner five years ago—I saw him on Tuesday night, the 22nd of October—he went to London with me—between seven and eight o'clock at night I met him on Britannia-hill, Woolwich—he asked me if I would let him go to London with me, as heheard I was going to the West India Docks—I left him then—I met him again in the morning (Wednesday) about twenty minutes to. nine o'clock—he asked me if I was going to London—I said Idid not mean to go to-day, but I did not wish to make a fool of him, and so I went to London with him—when we got to Charlton turnpike, he said he should pawn his ticker—I asked him to show me what his ticker was—he took a watch out of his waistcoat pocket, with a gold chain, three seals, and two keys, and gave it in my hand to look at—I said, did he think I was a fool because I said it was not a gold watch—I said I never had one in my band before—he put it in his waistcoat pocket again—he said he had saved up 20l. while he lived at Charlton turnpike, and gave 15l. for

a gold watch—I said, "You mean you must have stolen the money"—he said he used to sit up at night at the turnpike, and his master used to be a-bed, and that was how he saved the money—he took the watch three times out of his pocket to see the time along the road, and when we got to the London Docks he again said he should pawn his ticker—he pulled it out of his pocket, looked what o'clock it was, and said it was five minutes after twelve o'clock—he said he knew what time it was because he began to get hungry, and that was his dinner hour—we walked round the West India Docks—we came out—he took the chain off and the three seals, put a black ribbon round it and the brass key, put the ribbon round his neck, and the watch in his right-hand waistcoat pocket, and let the key hang outside—I walked on with him—he took it off his neck when we got near a pawnbroker's shop, and said he would go in there with it—I told him he had better come home and go to his father, and he did not go in—I asked him what his father would say if he did pawn it—he said, d—n his father—we went on and he asked me to pawn it for him—I said if it was his be had better do it himself—he asked me to change clothes with him, and said then he would take it in himself, if I would not go with it—he went into a pawnbroker's shop—I left him there and went straight home—I did not hear of the robbery until I got home—when I went borne I told my father and mother—I then heard about the robbery, and informed Mr. Moody.





JOHN WILLIAM FRYETT
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in High-street, Shad well. The prisoner came to my shop about one o'clock on Wednesday, the 23rd of October—he laid a gold watch on the counter, and wanted 2l. on it—I saw it was gold, and asked him who it belonged to—he said to his father, that his father had sent him to pawn it—I inquired his name and his father's—he said his name was Henry Roberts, and he lived at No. 6, Love-lane—I sent a person to inquire if it was true—the lad came back with the policeman—I gave the watch to him, with a black ribbon to it and a metal key—I gave him in charge of the policeman—the watch, chain, and seals are worth about twelve guineas.





WILLIAM PLOWRITE
. I am a policeman. I went with the lad to the pawnbroker's, and found the prisoner there—I asked him if he had offered the watch to pledge—he said yes—I asked him how he got it—he said his father sent him from No. 6, Love-lane, to get 2l. on it—I asked him what his father was—he said he was a cabinet-maker—I took him to No. 6, Live-lane—he said that was not the house nor the place at all—I asked where it was—he said he did not know, for he was a stranger in London—I took him into custody—in going to the station-house he said his father died eight years ago, and left him the watch—that he was ten years old when his father died, and had had the watch ever since—I searched him, and found this gold chain, three seals, and a key. The prisoner's examination was read over to him, but he was not asked to sign it.





HENRY MOODY

re-examined. This is the same watch, chain, and seals which I missed on the night in question—I am quite sure they were safe when I went to bed.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it a watch you had in use? A. No—I had not used it for a month previous, perhaps, but I had wound it up the night before—I mean I had not worn it in my pocket—the wall is about sixteen feet high—there are some steps by which a person might be shoved up to get on the stable—the street door was standing open when I went to bed—it was not even shut to—if a person had broken out instead of breaking

in, he would not hare had to make the opening in the stable, as the wall is lower, close to the kitchen window, and he could have got through.




GUILTY
 Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.
