






1269. 
               
                  
                     HENRY LEVEN 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of June
, 1 sovereign
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Inwards
                  




               
            .
The prisoner, being a native of Greece, had the evidence explained in Arabic by an interpreter.
SARAH INWARDS. I am the wife of William Inwards - he lives in Upper Seymour-street


, and is a baker
. On the 15th of June the prisoner came into our shop, about eleven o'clock in the morning - he had a bag with him; another man came in afterwards, who was dressed like a Turk - the prisoner took up two 1d. loaves, and laid down a sovereign; I took out a purse or bag to give him change - I put the money into my hand to separate the silver from the sovereigns, to see if I could give him change; I had then twenty-one sovereigns and some silver in my hand - the prisoner knocked my money out of my hand, and it fell upon the counter; I put both my hands upon it, and made him understand by my looks that I was very angry with him for taking such a liberty; he would keep meddling with the money on the counter, and he took his hand off in a flat direction, as if he had something between his fingers, quite like a slight of hand trick - he took his hand up, and his thumb was under his hand; I did not see any sovereign in his hand - I supposed his thumb was in such a position as to conceal something between that and the rest of his hand, and with his other hand he took up the sovereign which he had laid down; that was at a distinct part of the counter from my money - the other man with the turban was not there then; he had been in, and asked me to buy some spices, which I refused, and he went out - the prisoner then turned his back to me, and went out, putting his hand up to his mouth as if he placed something in it; he did not wait for his loaves or change - I had counted my sovereigns twice over just before, as I do every morning to set them down in the book; I counted them twice over again when he was gone, and I missed one.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is the man, who stands here, the man who had the Turkish dress on? A. Yes - I knew nothing of the prisoner before; the prisoner knocked my money out of my hand, and it fell on the counter - none of it fell off; it was not a very severe blow, but it caused the whole of it to fall - I suppose he had, in his language, asked me for change, but I could not understand him - he put down the sovereign, and I took it for granted he wanted change; he kept meddling with the money, as if he was going to look out change for himself; his own sovereign still laid on the counter - I did not see him take any sovereign up but that; but when he was gone I counted, and missed one - there was no other person in the shop at the time; the man in the Turkish dress left before the prisoner - I had not, at that time, produced any money; I believe this was about eleven o'clock - I gave an alarm immediately I had an opportunity - our young man came into the shop, and I said "James, a man has been here and taken a sovereign, run after him;" but he did not go the right way - I then ran over to a neighbour at an opposite shop; a young man then ran after him, and had him taken by the Policeman, who found some silver on him - I had counted my money twice just before he came in, as I do every morning to set it down in the book - it was not ten minutes before he came in; no other customer came in, I am sure - I had counted all my money - I knew I had about 13s., but I did not know whether I had a half-sovereign or not - I had counted the silver, it was all in shillings: I had twenty-one sovereigns - I had no halfsovereign; I took it out to convince him that I had no half-sovereign - he asked me for a half-sovereign, and I did not know whether I had one or not - I gave an alarm within five minutes. I think.
THOMAS LUDEGREEN. I am a Police-constable. I was on duty in the New-road on the morning of the 15th of June - I saw the prisoner and another man with a turban on; in consequence of information I took them both into custody - I took them to the baker's shop, in Seymour-street; I searched the prisoner in the parlour, and found in his left-hand waistcoat pocket two sovereigns loose - this is the bag which the prisoner had with him; I searched it afterwards, and found in it four 1d. loaves and four papers of tea - it has been in my possession ever since.
Cross-examined. Q.Where did you take him? A. In the New-road, about twenty minutes or half-past eleven o'clock, hardly so much as ten minutes' walk from the prosecutor's - they were both walking; the other man had a box; I found on the prisoner a silver snuff-box and a watch - he returned very willingly; the other man understood English, and I told him they must go back.
Prisoner's Defence, (through the interpreter). The other man is my assistant - I gave him 7s. 6d. a week, because he understands English, and he knows places; I gave him my box - when I went to the prosecutrix's shop I had nothing but two sovereigns in gold - I asked her to let me have a 3d. loaf; I took out a sovereign, and gave her to change - she sounded it well, and said she had no change; I said, "Give me a half-sovereign, and the rest in silver;" she said she had not any silver, and I went away - my assistant and I went into a house, and sold a coral necklace for 17s. 6d., which he keeps till the evening, and then he gives me an account of it - I know what is sold; he then said, "I am quite hungry;" I said, "We will go, and get four 1d. loaves," as we had the silver - we were then going to a public-house, and the officer took us both.
ABRAHAM COHEN. I am a native of Alexandria. I was in the prisoner's employ; I carry his box of spice and necklaces - I go to every public-house and shop; I went into the prosecutor's shop before he did, and asked the lady if she wanted any thing - she said No; I came out, and he then went in - I did not see any thing he did in the shop: I went to a public-house opposite to sell some goods, and by the time he came out of the prosecutor's I was in the street again - he walked away as other people do; Seymour-street is a long street - we went together; he did not attempt to run or to conceal himself; we sold a coral necklace, and bought some bread - we received silver for the necklace, and paid 6d. for the bread; I had the rest of the silver in my pocket - I do not know what money the prisoner had when he went into the prosecutor's shop; the lady said he asked for change, and she had not change - that she put her money on the counter, and he wanted to take some; I told him so, and he said he took nothing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
