



230. 




ELIZA JENKINS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of December, 12 shirts, value 36s., the goods of 



Charles Prater and another: and 3l. shirts, value 4l. 13s., the goods of Skinner, Turner and others.—2nd COUNT, for stealing 43 shirts, value 6l. 9s., the goods 



Benjamin Hewitt.






BENJAMIN HEWITT
. I am master of St. Andrew, Holborn, Work-house. The prisoner was a pauper, and was employed as forewoman over the others who work at their needle—we take in shirts to make—on the 4th of December I received a duplicate for five shirts from a pauper in the house—I sent for the prisoner, and asked her how many shirts she had belonging to Turner and Co. and Mr. Prater—she named a quantity—I said "Are you certain we have them?"—she faltered, and I said, "Because I hold a duplicate for five shirts—she then acknowledged the ticket, and said she had many more which she would inform me about, and hoped I would forgive her—she produced a number of other duplicates, which I delivered to the officer—I am responsible for the shirts—the value of those lost is upwards of 6l.—they came from Skinner, Turner and Co., and from Prater and Son.





RICHARD BAYLIS
. I am a constable of Hatton-garden. I produce 31 duplicates, which I received from Mr. Hewitt when I apprehended the prisoner.





JAMES HODGSON
. I am in the employ of Charles Prater and Son, army-clothiers, Charing-cross. I find marks on these shirts which we put on our linen before we send it to the workhouse to be made up.





JOHN ANDREWS SIMPSON
. I am in the service of Mr. Sowerby, a pawnbroker in Long-acre. I produce 12 shirts, which were pawned it four lots by the prisoner, at different times—I find the corresponding duplicates among those produced.





SAMUEL CLARK
. I am in the service of Mr. Clune, a pawnbroker is Liquorpond-street. I produce two shirts—I cannot say who they were pawned by—I find the corresponding duplicate here which was given for them.





JOHN CLARIDGE
. I live with Mr. King, a pawnbroker in High Holborn. I produce a shirt which was pawned in the name of White, on the

12th of November—the duplicate I gave to the person is among these produced.





JOHN HENRY ALDRIDGE
. I am in the service of Mrs. Aldridge, in Orange-street, Bloomsbury. I produce four shirts—I know two of them were pawned by the prisoner—the duplicates of them are among those produced.





PHILIP STRIDE
. I am in the service of Mr. Nicholls, a pawnbroker in Grays Inn-lane. I produce a shirt—I cannot say who pawned it—the duplicate of it is among these.





HENRY COLLINS
. I am in the service of Ashmore and Son, pawnbrokers in Long-acre. I produce three shirts which were pawned by the prisoner on the 29th of October—I find the corresponding duplicate here.





FREDERICK BALLAM
. I produce a shirt pawned on the 27th of September—I cannot speak to the prisoner—here is the corresponding duplicate.





THOMAS ANDREWS
. I produce five shirts, pawned by the prisoner.





GEORGE JOHNSON FRANCE
. I am in the service of Mr. Walter, of High Holborn, I produce seven shirts—I find the counterpart duplicate here.





WILLIAM MAYNARD
. I produce six shirts—the corresponding duplicate is here—I cannot swear the prisoner pawned them—I have seen her in the shop.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
