



2318. 




JOSEPH HOLMES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of September, 99 yards of satin, value 21l. 9s.; and 105 yards of silk, value 20l. 13s.; the goods of 



Joseph Railton and another, his masters.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






DANIEL PAMPLET
. I am patrol of Bishopsgate-street, I was on duty a little before eight o'clock in the morning, on Sunday, the 25th of September, near Bishopsgate-church—I saw the prisoner come into that neighbourhood, in a cab—he got out, and took a bundle out of the cab, in a silk handkerchief, and I followed him up Devonshire-street, into Devonshire-square—there he was met by a Jew, and they went to the Cutler's Arms, in Cutler-street—I waited till they came out—three men came out and went it again, and then the prisoner came out by himself, and brought the bundle with him—he went the same way as he came—I followed him, and saw him go up some steps—he came down—I went round Devonshire-street, and met him—I stopped, and asked him what he had got in the bundle—he said his old clothes—I told him I must look into it—he said, "Oh, no"—I said, "I must see"—I took him to the watch-house—I took it from him, and put it down on the beach—while I went to do

that, he pulled the spring of the door and ran off very fast—I ran after him and brought him back—I then examined the bundle, and found it contained ninety-nine yards of satin and 105 yards of silk.





JOSEPH RAILTON
. I carry on business in Regent-street, and am a silkmercer—I am in partnership with Mr. Peascod. The prisoner was in my employ, for upwards of two years, as porter—we have lately missed property from the stock—here is one piece I missed myself—it has my mark on it—I have looked at them all—I found the roller belonging to these forty yards of silk, and here is some sky-satin I can identify—here is my number on one end of it, and the same number was found the same evening. his under the counter—they are all ours, I have no doubt—the value in 40l. and upwards.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you any reason to suspect him? A. None—I have no reason to know that he has been led away, or that there was a woman concerned, till the officer came to our house—the officer found two keys on him, which led to some inquiries—his parents an poor, but I believe very honest and respectable—our establishment is very large—property does not generally leave the shop with the private mark on it—it ought never to do so.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
