





977. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     MCLOUGHLIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of April
, 1 half-crown, the money of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Bruce
                     




                  , from her person
            .


                  MARY 
                  BRUCE
               



            . I live in the Almonry, Westminster. On the night of the 6th of April I met the prisoner coming up the passage into the Almonry - he asked me to go with him, but I would not; he then asked me to go and have some supper - we went to a cook-shop, in Tothill-street


; I sat down by him, and while I was sitting I felt his hand in my pocket - he said he had dropped his tobacco-box; I said I would pick it up for him - he then said he had it in his pocket; I came out of the cook-shop with him, and when I came out I missed a half-crown which I had in my pocket about half an hour before; I charged him with it - he said he had not got it; I had it in my pocket, wrapped up in a piece of paper, when I went into the cook-shop.
Prisoner. Q. Did you make any alarm in the shop? A. No; but I felt your hand in my pocket, and you took hold of my hand immediately - I told you I missed it when I got on the step; there was a hole in my pocket, but the paper could not get through it - the Policeman did not give me a half-crown in the watch-house to try it, and it went through.


                  EDWARD 
                  BARTHOLOMEW
               



            . I am a labourer, and live in New-way, Westminster. On the night of Tuesday, the 5th, or rather on Wednesday morning, the 6th of April, I saw the prisoner being taken to the watch-house - I followed him, and saw him put his hand up as if he was going to put it into his waistcoat pocket; I then saw his hand drop, and saw this paper laying twisted up on the ground - I went up to the watch-house, and heard the charge - the prisoner was then set at liberty; I was going back, and the prisoner came to near the same place where I had seen the paper lay - he seemed to be looking about for something, or I should not have thought of looking; I then looked, and found this paper, with half a crown in it - this was in about seven or eight minutes after I first saw it.
Prisoner. I was taken to the watch-house, and this man followed - what money I had about me, which was some copper, was returned to me; I stripped, dressed again, and as I was going away this man stooped down, and said, "I have picked up half a crown;" I was then taken back - the Policeman gave her a half-crown, and it fell through a hole in her pocket - it was a French pocket, in front of her apron; Bartholomew swore he saw me put my hand into my pocket.


                  EDWARD 
                  BARTHOLOMEW
               



            . They did take down that you put your hand into your pocket, but I put up my finger, and said, "No, Sir;" I repeated what I had said, that I saw your hand as if you had put your hand into your pocket, but I saw nothing drop - I saw the paper on the ground; I never saw the prosecutrix till that evening; I heard of the charge as I sat in my own house - I went out, and followed him to the watch-house.
Prisoner. I met this girl of the town; she wanted the to go home and sleep with her; I said I had a wife and three children - there was a woman in company with her in the shop, who said, "I know him to be married, so go about your business."


                  JOHN 
                  FREDERICK
               



             BOHM. I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and found 6 1/2d. in copper, which was given him again; he was then set at liberty, and I took him again.
JURY. Q. Did you try whether a half-crown would go through a hole in her pocket? A. Yes, I tried it; it would go through with squeezing, but not in the paper.


                  MARY 
                  BRUCE
               



            . The paper was like that, and I folded it in that way - there was a little mustard on it.
Prisoner's Defence. She is a girl who would swear any thing; I know nothing of her, but giving her a basin of soup - when she found I would not go with her, she gave charge of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
