





1041. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HIGGINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of May
, 1 coat, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Whitbread
                  




               
            .
JOSEPH WHITBREAD. I am a farmer
, and live at Tottenham. On the 8th of May, I was at the Cafe Francois, in the Haymarket - I had left my horse and gig at a livery-stable, and sent 
               
                  William 
                  Parkhouse
               



             for it at half-past one in the morning; I had been to the Opera, and was taking my supper - the porter brought the gig, but my great coat was missing from it.
HENRY PARKHOUSE. I went to Mr. Cox's livery-stables for the gig at half-past one o'clock - I got the gig and the coat in it; I did not get in - I led the horse, but kept my eye on the coat till the horse made a plunge; I looked at the horse, then turned to look at the coat again, and it was gone - I saw a man running about ten yards from the gig; I believe it was the prisoner, but I cannot swear to him.
Cross-examined by MR. J. ALLEY. Q. Have you not sworn that it was a person stouter than the prisoner? A. No, not who stole it, but a person who had it, and I said directly, "This is not the man who stole the coat" - I did not see any person in company with the prisoner.
SUSAN WARNER. I was in Cockspur-street


 - the prisoner and another man were crossing the road - I saw the prisoner take the coat out of the gig; the other man was taller than him - I told the Police-officer; he pursued, and took the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. It was a late hour for you to be out? A. I had been spending the evening with a friend- it was moonlight; I was eight or nine yards from the prisoner - I was on the pavement, and the gig in the road; I looked at the gig - there was a third person there.
JOHN CARTER. I am an inspector of the Police. I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner running with the coat on his shoulder - I ran about twenty yards, and I saw Park-house running; I said, "What is the matter?" he said,"I have lost a coat;" I pursued the prisoner, who had then got on to the Admiralty - I saw a tall man with this coat; I said, "That is not the man I saw with the coat"- he said, "No, I have picked it up;" I said, "The man I saw was a short man, with white stockings" - the prisoner was brought back in a minute, and I took him to the watch-house; he feigned drunkenness.
(Coat produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was very much in liquor - I heard Stop thief! called and ran, like a good many more.


                  FRANCES 
                  RAGES
               



            . I live at No. 33, Vine-street. I do not know the prisoner - I know Susan Warner; she is unfortunate like myself; I saw the coat on the ground - she ran, and a man ran to pick it up; I cannot say who got it - I believe the man was the prisoner, but I am not certain.
COURT. Q.Had you any doubt that some one stole it? A. No, I saw only one man and the woman.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
