



1532. 




WILLIAM MASON
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Frances Martin, on the 
26th of March, at 
St. Pancras, and stealing therein, 2 candlesticks, value 10s., her goods.






FRANCES MARTIN
. I live in University-street, St. Pancras, and occupy the whole house. On the 26th of March, in consequence of information, I came into the passage, and saw a policeman there, and a man, named John Wells, in custody—I saw the witness Sweeney there—he had a pair of plated candlesticks, which were mine—I had seen them about ten minutes before in my back parlour—I had put pieces of candles into them at the time.

Cross-examined by
MR. PATNE. Q. Are you single? A. Yes—I did not see the prisoner at all.





DANIEL SWEENEY
. I picked up the two candlesticks in University-street, a few yards from Mrs. Martin's house, on the pavement—I showed them to her in about ten minutes.

Cross-examined. Q. In what direction were you coming when you took them up? A. From Tottenham Court-road, towards Mrs. Martin's house.





JOHN EATON
. I am a policeman. On the 26th of March I saw the prisoner in Tottenham Court-road, in company with Wells, about a quarter before nine o'clock—I knew him before—I saw them go down Silver-street, into Alford-street together—I then, saw Mason cross, and go to a

gentleman's house, apply something to the key-hole, and come down the steps again—the door was not opened—he went on the opposite side, and joined Wells—I followed them into Huntley-street, in company—they crossed there, one on one side, and one on the other, trying the doors as they went on—they seemed to apply a key to the key-holes—they joined each other in Sussex-street—I saw them talking together at the corner of University-street—they went up that street, on the same side as Mrs. Martin lives—I saw Wells try doors in that street, but not the prisoner—the prisoner was close behind him in that street—I saw Wells go up to Mrs. Martin's house—the prisoner was against the iron-railings—Wells tried the door, and got in, went into the house, and left the door open—the prisoner stood against the iron-railings in front of the house, and while Wells was inside, he crossed to the opposite side, and walked on three or four houses, towards Tottenham Court-road—he stopped at the corner of the street—Wells came out with a bundle—I asked what he had there—he threw the candlesticks on the pavement, and ran away—Sweeney picked them up—I tried to seize him, but could not—he was stopped in Googe-street—I followed him and saw the prisoner turn the corner, and run down the New-road—I overtook Wells, but not the prisoner—I took the prisoner on the 15th of April, in a public-house—I told him I wanted him—he tried to run out at one of the doors—there were three or four doors to the house—he was stopped, and I took him towards the station-house—I had hold of him by the collar—he said, "If you leave go of me I will walk quietly"—I said, "Very well," and he did walk quietly, till he came to George-street, St. Giles's—he was followed by a crowd—he then turned round, up with his fist, struck me in the eye,' and said, "There, you b—take that," and ran off—another officer secured him—he struck me several times, and kicked me violently, but we managed to get him to the station-house.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the prisoner run in a contrary direction to Wells? A. Yes, I ran after Wells—I was nearly opposite the house when Wells went in—the prisoner was standing at the iron-railings—he crossed over right opposite the house, stopped there a minute or two, and then went to the corner of the street—I was standing under a door-way, near to him—I do not think he saw me, or he would have run away—there is a gas-lamp right opposite Mrs. Martin's door, and I stood in the dark.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
