






704. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PEERMAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STEPHENS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of February
, 2 shoes, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Flynn
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  FLYNN
               



            . I live in Crawford-street


, and am a boot and shoe maker
. On the 27th of February the prisoners came to my shop; Stephens asked to look at a pair of shoes - I showed him a pair; he said they were too small- I showed him another pair: he said they were too large- I showed him another pair, which he said fitted him; I asked 5s. 6d. for them - he offered me 4s. 6d., which I would not take; Peerman had been standing with his back against a board on which were some shoes - they then left the shop, and in consequence of what my lad said, I followed the prisoners, and called the Policeman; they then ran - I saw Peerman in a cook-shop directly afterwards.


                  EDWARD 
                  DAVISON
               



            . I am errand-boy to the prosecutor - I saw the two prisoner's in his shop; Peerman put his back against the counter, and took off a pair of shoes - I told my master when they had left the shop; we went after them, and saw them pushing them into their pockets - one of them ran up Seymour-place, and into Crawford-street, where the Policeman took him.
JAMES HYNDS (Police-constable D 141). The prosecutor called me; I took Stephens in Homer-street - I found only a shilling on him.
JOHN MANNING (Police-constable D 44). I followed Peerman, and saw him sitting at a table in a cook-shop, eating some pudding; I brought him out, but found nothing on him - I went back to the shop, and found these shoes under the seat where he had been sitting.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Stephen's Defence. In passing this shop I took notice of the shoes; I went in with this prisoner, and tried a pair on, but I did not take any.
PEERMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
STEPHENS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Confined Three Months
            .
