





285. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     DOLLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 24th of November
, 1 chaise, value 25l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Louis 
                     Martinelli
                  




               
            .


                  LOUIS 
                  MARTINELLI
               



            . I am a coach-maker
, and live in Albany-street, New-road


. On the 24th of November the prisoner came to my shop, and said he wanted to hire a gig for a fortnight, to go a journey into the country, for Fry's house in the City; he asked how much it was a week - I told him a guinea; he said he had but 18s. a week for it from his employer, and after some time I agreed to lend it him for a fortnight, for 32s.; he said his employer had a new one building for him, which would be ready in about that time - he was then a tenant of mine, and I had no doubt but that he was in Messrs. Fry's service. About two hours afterwards, a country - looking man called for the gig, and I let him have it - on the 4th of December I received this letter - (read).
Andover, December 1, 1832.
SIR, - I am very sorry to inform you, that I have had a very serious accident with your chaise on last Thursday, at Andover, in Hampshire. As I was standing at a shop in Andover, my horse did take fright, and ran away, and unfortunately broke your chaise almost to atoms; the axletree and wheels are quite asunder; likewise the shafts and the body were so far injured, that it was quite incapable of moving it to town; therefore I have left it with my uncle at Down, ports-town, in Hampshire, and I shall arrive in town on Friday, when I will call upon you.
I am your's, &c., CHARLES DOLLEY.
P.S. I have forwarded this letter by a coachman whom I know.
L. MARTINELLI. On the Saturday morning after, the prisoner called, and said he was very sorry, but a waggon was going by, and he thought the man must have smacked his whip and the horse set off, broke the gig to atoms, and he had left it with his uncle to sell - I said I would not have it sold; I would have it sent up if it were in one hundred pieces - he said he would write to his uncle, and I should hear from him; on the Tuesday he called - he said he had not received a letter, but he expected one by hand; he called again about half-past two,and produced a letter from his uncle, stating that it was sold for five guineas - I said I should wish to see his uncle; he said he would be in town at Christmas, and settle with me - he then went away; I went to Fry's, and asked if such a person travelled for them - they said No; I then went to Tattersall's, and made some inquiries about the horse - the prisoner said after he was in custody, that he had taken the gig to Robertson's, in Little Britain, and pawned it for 4l., but he intended to redeem it, and let me have it back again - I went to where he said he had pawned it, and found that they had sent it to the Talbot Inn, and it was gone into the country - he offered to give me a bill at a month for the value.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. What did you mean to take for it? A. I would not have taken any sum, but I did not tell him that.


                  HENRY 
                  AGATE
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Robertson, of Little Britain. On the 24th of November the prisoner brought a gig, and said he wanted an advance on it -I let him have 4l.; he said we were to sell it at ten guineas, and in the event of its not being sold before the following Thursday, we were to sell it by auction to the highest bidder; we sold it on the Wednesday for 10l. - he called on the Thursday; I said it was sold - he asked to have the account made out, and he received the balance; there was 14s. deducted, 10s. for commission, and 4s. for standing.


                  JOHN 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I live at Bodmin - I bought the gig on the 28th of November, for 10l.


                  EDWARD 
                  BURRIDGE
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner on the 12th of December, in Earnest-street; I told him I had a warrant against him for stealing a chaise from Mr. Martinelli - he said he knew where it was; it was in the country, broken, but what he had to say, he should say in another place - he then said he wished to speak to Mr. Martinelli in private; I said no, I must hear it; he then said he had left it at Mr. Robertson's for 4l., and they had sold it without his order - I found on the prisoner a receipt for a gun, and this letter, which appears to be a copy of one from the country. - (read)
DEAR NEPHEW, - I received your letter on the ninth instant, and according to your request, I feel a pleasure in answering it, but I am very sorry to inform you that the chaise was sold last Tuesday, for 5l. 5s., and when I come to town at Christmas I will settle with you for it. I am yours, 
               J. 
            COLEMAN.
Prisoner's Defence. When I hired the chaise I was fully sensible that when I returned from the country I should have some money from my father's executors; it was my full intention to redeem it and take it home what I said was merely to get time to redeem it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHARP
               



            . I work in a stable; I received directions from the prisoner to attend the sale at Mr. Robertson's on the 29th of November, to prevent the gig being sold - I went there, and was to bid more money than any body else, to buy it in, but it had been sold the day before.
COURT. Q. Who did you see? A. I asked a person named Goodge to go and inquire for me - I did not go into the office myself.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
