



562. 




HENRY JACKSON
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of December, 2 coats, value 4l. 4s., the goods of 



Richard Scott.






RICHARD SCOTT
. I am a tailor, and live in Westminster-bridge-road. On the 21 at of December the prisoner came with a companion, and asked for two pilot coat A—I showed them two—one of them fitted very well, the other did not, but it answered the purpose—rafter agreeing for them, one of them said, "If you will send them over the water we will pay you for them, if you will send a bill and receipt"—I said, "Where is to go to?"—they said, "Near Westminster Abbey"—I called my errand-boy and my son and sent them with them, and sent a third person to see that all was right, but they wire all taken in—I have never seen either money or coats since—the coats were worth four guineas—I had no reason to think that the prisoner did not know what he was about—he said bit coat fitted very well, and asked for a card—he said he would fee an excellent customer another time.





JAMES PURKIS
. I am the prosecutor's errand-boy. I saw the prisoner in his shop—I was to go near to Westminster Abbey with the coats—the prisoner did not say where be was going—my master told me not to part with the clothes till we got the money—I carried one coat, and my master's son carried one—they took us round College-street, and on till I did not know where I was—the prisoner's companion their opened a door, and the prisoner said, "The bill"—I gave him the bill—he then said, "The coats"—and we gave them to him—he then ran into the house, and the door was slammed to—we tried to prevent it, but we could not—we afterwards got the door open, and about twenty women came down and said they knew nothing of the persons—we have since found this was in Duck-lane.





THOMAS SCOTT, JUN
. I carried one of the coats—when we got to the house the prisoner stood by the door and asked for the bill-r—the witness gave it him, and the prisoner then said, "The coats"—and he snatched

them out of our hands, went in, slammed the door, and bolted it—we could not stop it—the prisoner did not seem to want for sense then.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years more.
