





1965. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     SCACE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of July
, 1 shawl, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am single
, and have been in service - I now go out to work. On the 23rd of July I was in Broad-street, St. Giles'


, about eleven o'clock at night, coming from the theatre with some servants who had been with me; they went to have something to cat - I was in a hurry to get home, and was coming by myself; the prisoner came and took the shawl from my shoulder - I had seen her the same evening, in going to the theatre; she stared in my face, and looked at my shawl - when she had taken my shawl off I gave an alarm, but she made her escape, and I did not see her again till the 2nd of October. when I was going to Covent-garden market with some friends, and saw her going into a wine-vaults under the Piazzas with my shawl on her shoulder - I knew her person, andshould have known her in any dress; I spoke to her - she made use of some rough language, and said she would knock my brains out; I called an officer, and gave charge of her - I went to the Police station; the prisoner came behind me there, struck me violently on the ear, and I laid insensible for some time.


                  ROBERT 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I took the prisoner on this charge; the prosecutrix said she was sure she was the woman who took this shawl from her person.
ELIZABETH SMITH. This is my shawl; I lived in Sir 
               
                  Francis 
                  Burdett
               



            's family, and got a little spot of paint on it, which is here now.
Prisoner. Q. Did you ever set eyes on me before that morning? A. Yes, I had.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw that woman till she was drinking with me in the gin-shop, and I asked what she was staring at.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
