





184. 




JAMES STACEY
 and 



SAMUEL WINFIELD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
8th of November, 21 tame ducks, price 26s., the property of 



John Brown; to which


STACEY † pleaded




GUILTY
. Aged 52.—


Transported for Seven Years.





JAMES LONG
. I am servant to John Brown, on Harrow-hill—I saw his ducks all secure on the 7th of November, about half-past five o'clock—I locked them up in the duck-house, in the farm-yard—the yard is paled all round, and the duck-house was locked—I went next morning, about half-past six o'clock; the duck-house was broken open, and 21 ducks gone—there was a duck and a drake which I knew well and can swear to—I saw them again about half-past ten o'clock, and knew them—the prisoners are labourers, and live about a mile and a half from us—I traced the foot-steps of two men from the main road to the duck-house and back again—a sack had been taken over the pales and left a mark—here are the heads and feathers of the two ducks that I can swear to—(examining them.)





THOMAS DUGGAN
. I am a horse-patrol—I heard of this, and went to Stacey's house—I found the two prisoners sitting by the fire eating herrings—I said I wanted them for sheep-stealing—Stacey said, "You are welcome to search my house"—I went to the bed-room door, and saw 15 ducks tied in bunches and hung up—I said to Stacey," Where did you get these geese?" (which I thought they were)—he said, "They are not geese"—I then found they were ducks—he said he had bought them at Brentford, but he did not know the person he bought them of—I said, "Should you know him again?"—he said, "I don't know that I should"—I also found a shoulder of mutton and some fat on a shelf—there have been several sheep lost in the neighbourhood—I then handcuffed the prisoners and brought away the ducks—I sent for Long, and he identified them.





WILLIAM MOORE
. I am a potato dealer—I keep a horse and cart, and live at Sudbury—I saw the two prisoners come out of Winfield's house, about half-past twelve o'clock in the morning of the 8th of November, and saw them come back again from Mr. Brown's way about half-past one o'clock—Winfield had got a heavy load on his shoulder—when they came right opposite my door, I went out and spoke to them—I first judged the load to be a sheep, but when they came to me I saw it was not a sheep, but could not swear what it was—it was in a sack.

WINFIELD—


NOT GUILTY
.
