






612. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     KIRBY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of January
, 4 sets of fire-irons, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Eve
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  EVE
               



            . I live on Ludgate-hill


, and am an ironmonger
. On the 25th of January I lost this property - I do not know the prisoners.


                  JAMES 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 25th of January, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was coming down Ludgate-hill; I saw the two prisoners in conversation, opposite the prosecutor's shop; I went on to the Obelisk, then crossed, and returned; I passed them about twenty yards, and then saw Clark cross the road and stand opposite Mr. Eve's private door for a minute - Kirby then took off a white apron which he had on, and put it under his arm; Clark pushed open the private door, and in two minutes he came out with four sets of fire-irons on his shoulder; I pursued up Ludgate-hill, and Kirby followed me - I got above the 
               
                  Belle 
                  Sauvage
               



            , and then took Clark; I took him to the prosecutor's, and then to the Compter - I saw Kirby at the Compter door; I said, "I think I know you," and took him in - I was in a little agitation, and finding nothing on him, I thought I might be mistaken, and let him go, but I am confident he is the person.
Kirby. Q. Did you not say that I was not the person? A. I said I was positive you was the person, but I said, as I had got the property with the other, I might be deceived.(Property produced and sworn to.)
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
KIRBY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
