





538. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CHAPMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of January
, 2 loaves of bread, value 1s. 5d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Banyon
                  




               
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. Thomas Banyon - he is a baker
. On the 21st of January I was in the back room; I heard a noise, jumped up, and caught the prisoner with these two loaves about eighteen yards off - I knew them to be my master's, and I had put them in the window - I had seen the prisoner in the shop about ten minutes before; he has dealt with me - we knew where he lived, but we had never given him credit for bread, though he wanted it.


                  RICHARD 
                  CALLIS
               



            . 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Phillips
               



             met me, and asked me to stop the prisoner with the two loaves - I said, "Are you positive they are your's?" he said "Yes, they are two outside and upset loaves;" we went and took the prisoner - he said he bought them, but I do not think he said where.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the bread down in Old Brentdord, and picked off one corner - I gave 8 1/2d. a loaf for them.


                  RICHARD 
                  CALLIS
               



            . He was going towards Old Brentford.
JURY to 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . Q. Was there any specific mark by which you could swear to the loaves? A. No, they were outside loaves, and there was a bit out of the corner of one of them.
COURT. Q. Did you miss them from where they had been? A. Yes; I heard the noise, and saw the back of the prisoner going out; I then followed, and took him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
