





1681. 




EDWARD MELLISH
 and 




WILLIAM HARRIS
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




William Burt, on the 
26th of June, at 
St. James's Westminster, and stealing therein 1 pistol, 1l. 5s.; 1 case of drawing-instruments, value 18s.,; 1 pair of compasses, value, 10s.; 1 rule, value 10s.; 2 watches, value 2l. 10s.; 2 seals, value 1l.; 1 pencil-case, value 5s.; 1 coat, value 1l.; 1 flute, value 1l.; 1 snuff-box, value 1s.; 12 pence and 40 halfpence, the goods and monies of the said William Burt.





WILLIAM BURT
. I am a builder, and live in Vine-street, in the parish of St. James's Westminster. Mellish has lived in my service for the last twenty months as carter—on Sunday, the 26th of June, I left my premises in care of Charles Lane, at eleven o'clock in the morning—he is about sixteen years old—the counting-house desks were locked at that time, and I had the keys with me—I returned about a quarter before twelve o'clock at night, and found Lane there and two policemen—I went into the counting-house and found both my deskes broken open, and missed the articles stated in the indictment, which are worth about 9l.—all the articles were safe in the counting-house when I left in the morning, except the flute and snuff-box which were in the parlour adjoining—I lost 1l., 10s., in copper off the parlour-shelf—there were twelve pence, I am certain, and the rest in halfpence.





CHARLES LANE
. I am the prosecutor's servant. On the 26th of June I was left in charge of the house—Mellish had been there about six o'clock that morning to do the horses—I left the premises at five minutes after eleven o'clock—I locked every thing up perfectly safe, as I always did, and went away—the counting-house door was locked—the parlour door was locked and the street-door, and the window were down—I left the key of the gate at Mellish's house to enable him to feed the horses—that would only enable a person to open the gate, not to get to the count. ing-house or parlour—I came back about half-past ten o'clock at night—I got a light and discovered the counting-house door was broken open—I applied to Bishop, the policeman, and on searching the counting-house found the desks all broken open, and the iron chest had been attempted, by the marks of a screw-driver which was found driven into the top, of it, bat it was not opened—I went into the stable and found a crow-bar there which was used to draw the linch-pins of Mellish's cart and was usually kept in the stable—that crow-bar was applied to the marks on the counting house door and matched exactly with it—Bishop applied it—there was a hatchet in the counting-house on one of the desks, which matched exactly with the marks on all the desks.

Cross-examined by
; MR. PRICE. Q. Whose crow-bar was it? A. Mr. Burt's—and the screw-driver is his.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What time did the prosecutor go out? A. About twelve o'clock—he told me to take care of the premises till I left—I left in five minutes—he knew I should leave then—nobody could get into the stable unless they had the key from Mellish—the crow-bar was in the stable of which he had the key—there are large wooden gates to the premises, and Mellish had the key.





HUGH BISHOP
 (police-constable C 72.) On Sunday the 26th of June, I was called by lane to Mr. Burt's premises about half-past ten o'clock—I found the desks broken open and a chopper lying on a small desk which was broken open—I searched round to see if any body was concealed there—I then compared the chopper with the marks on the desk and found they corresponded exactly with it—I compared the

crow-bar with the marks on the door, and they corresponded exactly in width—there was a quantity of grease on the counting-house door and the same on the crow-bar—I apprehended Mellish on the Monday morning, about half-past three o'clock, in King-street, Golden-square—I told him I wanted him for a robbery at Mr. Burt's—he said, "I know nothing of the robbery"—I asked him if any body had been down the yard with him—he said there had not, but he afterwards said on the way to the station-house that he must own there had been a person down with him—that might apply to the time he had been to do the horses—he did not say who it was.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRICE. Q. Was the grease the sort of grease which is found on the linch-pins of wheels? A. Just so.

COUNT. Q. Was the same sort of grease on the counting-house door? A. It was—there was nothing to account for the grease on the counting-house-door except from the instrument being applied to it—it was the lock side of the door—the crow had been driven into the rabbet near the lock which would enable a person to burst it open—I did not search Mellish's lodgings.





ABIGAIL HOCKET
. I am a window in service at No. 5, Vine-street, On Sunday, 26th of June, I saw the prisoner Harris after eleven o'clock—I cannot exactly say how much after—it was before twelve o'clock—I saw him open the gate and go into Mr. Burt's yard—he went up to the gate and appeared to open it with the key—whether any body was with in at that time I do not know—I saw the two prisoners together about twenty minutes afterwards—it was before one o; 'clock—I saw them go down into Mr. Burt's yard at the same gate together, and I saw them come away about twenty minutes after they had gone in.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRICE. Q. Are you servant to Mr. Burt? A. No—at the next house, Mr. Mumford's—I was cleaning the sitting-room which joins the gate—I looked through the window and could see them open the gate and go down—I could not see to the stable—I merely saw them go in at the gate—they appeared to go in with a key—it was the two prisoners—I knew them—I knew Mellish to be Mr. Burt's servant—I have seen the other when I have been going on errands to the public-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Who did you first see go in? A. Harris—I am quite sure of that.





THOMAS HOBBS
 (police constable C 85.) In consequence of information on Monday the 27th, about ten o'clock I went to George-street, St. Giles's and apprehended Harris there—I told him I wanted him for a burglary at No. 5, Vine-street, and told him a few articles were stolen from there—in going along the street, he said, "It is no use my telling you a lie, here they are," giving me from his pocket the pistol and the case of instruments a rule, and pocked-comopasses—I took him to the station-house, and searched him further—he said he had nothing else about him, that it was given him to make away with—that he was drawn into it, and he knew nothing of the robbery—I had not mentioned the whole of the articles to him then—I think I named the double-barrelled pistol and some watches to him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRICE. Q. Did you find Harris at his lodging? A. No—I found him in George-street, St. Giles's—several things were mentioned—he said he knew nothing of any more—I searched him and found nothing more—I believe every article was mentioned to him at the station-house—I searched him twice—I found nothing but what he gave me.

JURY to MR. BURT.—Q. Have you any knowledge of Harris? A. Not

the least—he had no business on the premises—I know pistol and all the things produced to be mine—I have not found the rest of the articles—Mellish lodged in King-street, Golden-square—I searched there on the night of the robbery; but found nothing—he was not at home—it was about twelve o'clock—he was then going to his lodging I understand—the officer apprehended him near his lodging—I took the keys of the desk and parlour with me, but not of the counting-house door.

Mellish's Denfence—I know nothing of the robbery.


Harris's Denfence—They were given me to dispose of.





CHARLES LANE

re-examined. I locked the counting-house door and the gate—Mellish had the key of the stable and of the gate—I called at his house at night for the key of the gate, and his wife gave it to me—he was not at home—there was no mark of violence on the outer gate nor the stable door.

Mellish. It is true I have one key brought to me, but the key of the stable is left in the door all day and the door left open for air for the horses. Witness. The stable door is always locked up on Sunday, but the key hangs up on the premises, in the lobby, for him to get at—nobody but him, or people on the premise, know where to find it—the door is left open on week-days but not on Sundays.





WILLIAM BURT

re-examined, The gate Mellish got in at is a side gate—part of the large gates—they are twelve feet high and could not be got over—there is no back entrance.

MELLISH—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.

HARRIS—


GUILTY
. *Aged 29.




Transported for Life.
