





Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.
820. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 23rd of April
, at St. Matthew, 1 piece of false and counterfeit coin, resembling, apparently intended to resemble and pass for, a current silver coin, called a shilling, feloniously did falsely make and counterfeit
            , against the Statute, &c.
MESSRS. ELLIS and PARKER conducted the Prosecution.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FRYER
               



            . I am a policeman. I accompained Hall, Ashton, and Lloyd, on the 23rd of April, to No. 10, Collingwood-street, Bethnal-green


 - the street door was open - we entered and went to the back parlour - I found the door fastened inside - I pushed against it, but could not get in - it might have been only shut - Ashton and I pushed against the door, and broke it in - on entering the room, I saw the prisoner there - there was a very good fire in the grate - he was standing by the side of the fire on the hearth - his coat was off, and he was in his shirt sleeves - he had got something in his hand, which he threw down on the hearth - it was something white, like plaster-of-paris - it broke with the fall - I knocked him back into a chair, and there held him - Lloyd came up and handcuffed him - his shirt sleeves were tucked up - I went to the hearth, and picked up the pieces of a mould, made of plaster-of-paris, quite hot - I also picked up two counterfeit shillings on the hearth - they were quite warm - I took out of the fire a tobacco pipe three parts full of white metal melted - there was a frying-pan on the fire, with some small pieces of white plaster in it - on the table, I found a small file, with white metal in the teeth of it - I took them away, and produce them - I put the pieces of the mould together, and there was part of the impression of the head and tail of a shilling on it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAKER ASHTON
               



            . I am a policeman. I went with the officers, and saw the prisoner throw the white mould, which I produce, out of his hand - it broke to pieces on the hearth - that is different to the one Fryer produces- it was quite hot, so that I could not hold it - it has been put together since - the prisoner's sleeves were up, and he was in the act of stamping on the mould which Fryer has produced, when we entered the room - Fryer knocked him back, and secured him in the chair - I picked up this shilling with a get at the end of it - it had just come out of the mould, and was so hot I was obliged to put it down - I found, behind a picture, this little book - the prisoner said, "That is only the rent book - you need not take that away" - while I was searching the room, I said to him,"You were very quick, old fellow" - "Yes," said he, "if you had been half a minute longer, you would have got nothing."


                  ANDREW 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am a police-officer, of Hatton-garden. I accompanied the officers to Collingwood-street,and entered the room with them - I handcuffed the prisoner immediately afterwards - I searched him, but found nothing on his person - I found a fryingpan on the fire almost redhot, and a spoon covered with plaster-of-paris - there was some plaster in the fryingpan - the spoon was on the table all over plaster-of-paris - I have had these things ever since.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I accompanied the officer to the room. I confirm their evidence - I found five shillings finished on the table, and one unfinished with the get to it.


                  MARTHA 
                  PULLEN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Pullen
               



            , of 40, Castle-street, Bethnal-green. He is the owner of the house No. 10, Collingwood-street - I let to the prisoner the room in which he was taken.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am inspector of counterfeit coins to the Mint. This appears to have been a plaster-of-paris mould - it was produced by Fryer - it is for casting shillings - on one side of it is part of the impression of the obverse side of a shilling, and on the other side part of the impression of the reverse side of a shilling - the mould appears to have been used for casting, but it is now broken - here are two finished counterfeit shillings produced by the same officer, and, I believe, were cast in this mould - they are made of britannia-metal, which is very easily fused - the tobacco pipe has the same description of metal in the bowl of it - the file has the appearance of white metal in the teeth, and is used to remove the projection on the surface - another mould produced by Ashton is of a similar description, and has part of the impression of both sides of a shilling - this mould has not been used - the shilling produced by Ashton is counterfeit, and has the get to it - this shilling was cast in the first mould - Hall has produced six shillings - they are all counterfeit, and cast in the first mould, one still having the get - the other five are finished - the spoon has been used to mix plaster-of-paris- all these articles are what are used to cast counterfeit coin.
Prisoner's Defence (written). On the evening previous to the day named in my indictment, the man who laid the information against me, whom I have known about twelve months, came to me while I was on Shoreditch coach-stand with my cab, and asked me if I should be at home next morning - I replied, "Yes," and told him to call in the morning - he knew where I resided, in consequence of his residing at No. 5 in the same street, and under the same landlady as myself - he came according to appointment, and asked me if I would allow him to do a little job at my house - I asked him what it was - he said not of much consequence, but he could not very well do it at home, and he would not be more than half an hour - I agreed accordingly, and then went to my father's on Cambridge-heath on a little business, and left him at my home - when I returned, I asked him what he was doing - I saw six shillings on the table, which proved to be base - he said to me, "Hold this" (meaning the mould) which he had in his hand, and said he wanted to step home, and that he would return in five minutes - he then instructed me what to do during his absence - he had not been absent five minutes before the door was burst open- this was his plan to insuare me so that he could insure his object. I have since been informed that he is a most notorious coiner and utterer about the neighbourhood of Field-lane and Smithfield - also, the woman he cohabits with, she being once transported from this court for seven years in the name of Elizabeth Cooper, and has also suffered four months imprisonment at Ilford Jail for the like offence, that they are now at Brighton imposing on the public by coining and uttering. His object was to dupe me, to enable him to gain a reward which is given by the Mint, on conviction of an information.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
