






2084. 
               
                  
                     EMMA 
                     MERRETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of August

, 1 frock, value 2s.; 2 petticoats, value 1s. 6d., and 1 pinafore, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joshua 
                           Jordan
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Jordan
                        



.


                  SARAH 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Joshua 
                  Jordan
               



             - we live in Parker-street, Belgrave-square



. I missed my daughter Sarah for four hours on the 3rd of August; I then found her running home from the brick-fields, stripped of every thing but her shift; she is four years and a quarter old - I know nothing of the prisoner; but I found the clothes stated, at the pawnbroker's; they are what she had on.


                  GEORGE 
                  GEVERS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I took in this frock and two petticoats from the prisoner, on the 3rd of August, for 2s,; she said they were for her aunt.


                  ANTHONY 
                  RUTT
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.
2085. EMMA MERRETT was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of August

, 1 pair of boots, value 2s.; 1 frock, value 1s., and 1 petticoat, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Knight
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Emma 
                           Knight
                        



.


                  MARTHA 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I am the daughter of James Knight; I have a little sister named Emma five years old; I was out with her near my father's door, on the 4th of August; the prisoner came and asked us to go to play with her -I had never seen her before; she took my sister into the Five-fields with her; my sister had her boots and all her clothes on; I went with them as far as the end of Sloane-square



 - I then wanted to go back, and take my sister, but the prisoner prevented me; I had my little brother nursing; I went back and the prisoner took my sister on; it was then about five o'clock; I did not see my sister again till near seven - she then came home with her flannel petticoat on and her pinafore, but all the rest of her clothes were gone.


                  JOHN 
                  ROLLS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Chelsea. I have a frock, a pair of boots, and a child's petticoat pawned by the prisoner, I believe - the boots on the 4th of August, and the others on the 6th.


                  JAMES 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . These are my child's things.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 12. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
