




555. 




JOHN LOCK
 and 




JOHN CROWDER
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Robert Leach, on the 
27th of January, at 
St. Peter-le-Poor, and stealing therein 100lbs. weight of solder, value 2l. 5s., his goods.






ROBERT LEACH
. I live at No. 16, Old Broad-street, in the parish of St. Peter-le-Poor, in the City. On Tuesday afternoon, the 27th of January, I left my shop about four o'clock—I rent the wholehouse—it is my dwelling-house but I let out part as offices—I returned about twenty minutes or half-past four o'clock, and observed the prisoner Lock in the middle of my shop, which

is the darkest part of the shop—it was quite daylight—I went into the shop, and Lock retired to the head of the cellar stairs—it was darker there than where I first saw him—I said, "Who is there?"—he made no reply—I repeated the question again, and said, "What do you want? come out, and let me see what you are like"—after some hesitation, I saw him take two bars of solder out of his left hand breeches pocket, and put them down by his side against the cellar stairs—he then came to me, at I stood in the middle of the shop—I saw two more bars of solder in his right hand breeches pocket—I asked him what business he had there—he said he had been to ease himself, and shrunk his shoulders up as if he was ill—I said, "It appears you came to load yourself instead of easing yourself"—I took him towards the shop door, then collared him, and drew the two bars of solder out of his pocket—he then began begging for mercy and said one of my men bad given him the solder—I said he was one of a gang which infested plumbers' shops, and I would make an example of him and give him in charge—I had about 12cwt. of solder in a pile in my shop, and from that pile I missed about 1cwt., which is six casts—a cast is four bars together—I went into the cellar, and found Crawder concealed in the dust-bin, and observed some solder bars there—that was not the place they should have been in—I kept some of my solder in the counting-house, but never kept any in the cellar—Crowder worked for me last summer—I lost more solder than I found, either in the cellar or on Lock—feeling it could not all be taken at one time by one man, mode me look in the cellar—I found three casts close to where Crowder was concealed in the cellar—the solder found is mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you know Lock before? A. Not at all—there was no solder in the dust-bin—it, was standing outside the dust-bin, not concealed—I cannot say whether I had been in the cellar that afternoon—I saw it in its usual place before 1 went out—there was 10 or 12cwt. in a pile, which was up to as high as they would go under a shelf—as high as possible—I have but two men in my employ—I left neither of them on the premises—I left nobody in the shop when I went away—my men were both out—the shop door was shut, but not locked—it was on the latch—there is a secret latch, which none but those acquainted with, the premises can open—they can open it by leaning over—it is a short hatch door, about three feet high—the folding door over it was left open—a man might get over the hatch door—my house it in a yard which is open to the street—the shop communicates with the dwelling-house, and is under the same roof.

COURT. Q. There was nothing to prevent a person climbing over the open door into the shop? A. Nothing whatever—the solder taken that day is worth 2l. 5s.





WILLIAM PARTINOTON
. I am in the prosecutor's employ. I came into, the shop about four o'clock; and shortly after, Crowder came in with another man, and asked me for a job—I said we were very slack, and had nothing to do—they stopped there about five minutes, and then we all came out together—they opened the door, and came in—when I had got the square of glass, which I was cutting to put in a window, they came out with me—we all came out together—I went to pot in a square of glass, and know nothing further.





JOHN KIMBER
. I am a ticket-porter, and live in Charles-street, Hackney-road. I was in a counting-house up Mr. Leach's passage—he came

out, and sent me for a policeman—I got one—he gave the prisoner Lock into custody.





HENRY DALE
. I am a servant at No. 10, Old Broad-street. I was coming up the passage, about half-past three o'clock, and saw Crowder with some solder in his hand—it appeared tucked up his sleeve—as he went out of the passage, he turned his face away from me.





JAMES DROVER
. I am an officer. I took Lock into custody, and have the solder which I received from the prosecutor.





GEORGE PORTER
. I am an officer. I took Crowder into custody.

Lock's Defence. It was given to me by a man in Broad-street—I went to ask Mr. Leach for a job, and he came in and found me there.
(Edward Jones, cow-keeper, Spa-fields; William Jones, 3, Norway-street, Old-street; and Robert Barker, Church-row, Houndsditch, deposed to the prisoner Crowder's good character; and Henry Griffin, Lizard-street, Old-street, tailor; John Tongue, tailor, Queen-street, Tower-hill; and William Sillow, plumber, Brunswick-street, Blackfriars'-road, to that of the prisoner Lock.)

LOCK—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—



Confined Six Months.

CROWDER—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.—Of Stealing only.

Both recommended to mercy by the Jury, and Lock by the Prosecutor.
