





611. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SAUNDERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of February
, 1 writing desk, value 5s., and 1 pelisse, value 2s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Gadsby
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  GADSBY
               



            . I live in Liverpool-street, Bishopsgate


, and keep a lodging-house
. On the 14th of February I lost a writing-desk and a pelisse; my servant ran out.


                  CATHERINE 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutrix. On the 14th of February I saw a man come in at the street door, go into the parlour, and come out with the desk under his arm; I went out, crying Stop thief! - he dropped the desk, and ran off; I cannot say whether it was the prisoner.


                  PETER 
                  GEORGE HOVES
               



            . I was passing Liverpool-street, and saw the prisoner running towards Bishopsgate, with the desk and pelisse - I observed to my friend that it was too late for the coach, as I considered he was in all probability going to take a coach; I heard Stop thief! called I turned, and should have taken him, but my great coat got between my legs, and impeded it - I assisted the servant in taking up the desk, and am certain the prisoner is the person; I took notice of him as he was running.


                  DANIEL 
                  BREWER COOK
               



            . About five o'clock last Tuesday evening, I observed the prisoner running towards Bishopsgate - I saw him drop the desk.

JOSEPH STONE. I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and have the property.
Prisoner's Defence. They were given me to carry by a young man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
