





Before Mr. Justice 
               
                  James 
                  Parke
               



            .
1430. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SHANNON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of May
, 1 cloak, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Houlton
                        



                     
                  ; 1 cloak, value 3l. 10s., and 1 coat, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Young
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Houlton
                     



.


                  THOMAS 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am a pupil
 to Mr. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Houlton
               



            , a surgeon
, in Grove-place


. On the 21st of May, in the evening, I was in the surgery; I heard a door open against the floor-cloth which was newely laid down; I went into the passage, and found the outer door open - I went, out and saw the prisoner with two cloaks, and a coat on his shoulder; he saw me following him, and dropped them - I took hold of him; the Policeman took the coat and cloaks up - one cloak and the great coat, was mine, and the other cloak, Mr. Houlton's; they had hung in the passage - I saw them there five minutes before; my cloak and coat cost me six guineas and a half together - they were worth more than five pounds; the cloak was new about two months ago - I had had the coat a year or two; Mr. Houlton's cloak was an old one, but very good - I should think it worth 2l. or 30s.; I gave the prisoner in charge.


                  THOMAS 
                  STEWART
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 21st of May I was in Lisson-grove, and saw the prisoner in company with two more persons, within six doors of Mr. Houlton's house; I afterwards heard an alarm, went up, and found the prisoner in Young's custody - the cloaks and coat lay at his feet.(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
