





2197. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ELMER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of July
, 1 jacket, value 10s., and 1 handkerchief, value 18d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry Alexander 
                     Reatt
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARK
               



             (Police-constable C 34). On the morning of the 11th of July, at two o'clock, I stopped the prisoner in Regent-street, and asked what he had under his coat; he said Nothing - I pulled it open, and found this jacket, and the handkerchief in the pocket of it - these are the articles the prosecutor swore to at the office, but he is not here; he gave his name as Henry Alexander Reatt.
Cross-examined by MR. DONNE. Q. Were there any other persons about? A. Yes, several.


                  MARY 
                  ANN JONES
               



            . I live in St. Martin's-street, and do needle-work. I saw the prisoner take the jacket off the flags in Regent-street


 - there was another person with him when he took it; I saw Mr. Reatt there - he took the jacket off, and gave it to another person, who put it on the rails; it fell off the rails, and the prisoner took it - he was pursued, and taken.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know any thing of Mr. Reatt? A. I was in company with his brother, who is not here; I heard the prosecutor called by the name of Henry Alexander Reatt - I only knew him by the name of Henry; I always said I saw the prisoner take it.
COURT. Q. What is Mr. Reatt? A. I do not know; he had no other jacket on - he had a scuffle with some other person; he took his jacket off, it fell, and the prisoner came and took it - he ran away, and I told of it.
WILLIAM HARK. Reatt is a young gentleman, about sixteen or seventeen years old - I believe he had been struck, and he took his jacket off to return it; he gave his address in Charlotte-street - I went there, and heard he was gone abroad.
Prisoner's Defence. I never ran away with the jacket - I was walking along.
WILLIAM HARK. He was walking away, and a gentleman came up and said, "That man has stolen a jacket from my friend;" I said, "What have you got?" he saidNothing; he showed a deal of consequence, and said he was a gentleman; I said, "Whether you are or not I shall see what you have got" - I opened his coat, and found this jacket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
