




1249. 




WILLIAM OSBORN
 and 



FREDERICK SELWAY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of April, 1 cream-jug, value 5l.; 3 forks, value 2l.; and 2 spoons, value 10s.; the goods of 



Henry Augustus Hanrott, in his dwelling-house.


MR. HORRY
conducted the Prosecution.





MARY DILLON
. I am servant to Mr. Hanrott, of Queen-square, Bloomsbury. On the 19th of April I was standing at the back kitchen door, and heard somebody moving the plate on the tray—I ran into the kitchen, and saw the prisoner Osborn run out of the kitchen with the plate, and run up the area steps—I followed him, and when I had got my hand almost on him, he dropped the plate, and ran off with the milk-jug—I followed him to the corner of the square—Mr. Norcutt stopped him—he dropped the cream-jug—I took it up, and also the other plate which he threw away—Stevens came to my assistance, and he was taken to master's house—the other prisoner was standing at the top of the steps, and when he saw me run up, he ran away—while we were bringing Osborn back, the policeman joined us—I did not observe anybody else.





THOMAS GASCOIGNE NORCOTT
. I live in Queen-square. On the 19th of April I was standing outside my house on the opposite side, by the garden rails, and heard Dillon call out "Thief"—I saw Osborn running as fast as he could along the square with a small bundle under his arm—I called, "Stop thief"—he was secured, and taken back to the house.





EDWARD STEVENS
. I am a beadle of Queen-square, and live in Great Ormond-street. On the 19th of April my attention was called by the cry of "Stop thief"—I went into the square, and found Osborn in custody of Mr. Norcutt, who gave him to me—I took him to the prosecutor's house—in going there Selway came up, and put his hand to Osborn, and I considered he passed something to him—I left Osborn at the prosecutor's, and when I returned outside, about two minutes after, Selway was standing at the corner of the square, five or six doors from the prosecutor's house—he ran away—I ran after him, and caught him in Gloucester-street—I told him I wanted him to go back with me—he said, "Very well, I will go back; I know nothing about it"—I said, "Do you mean to say you don't know the prisoner"—he said, "I don't know him"—I took him to the prosecutor's house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is this the first time you have mentioned about a conversation with Selway? A. I believe I mentioned it at the police-office—what I said was taken down.





HENRY AUGUSTUS HANROTT
. I am a solicitor, and live in Queensquare, Bloomsbury. On the 19th of April I was in my front room—hearing

a noise in the street, I looked out at the window, and saw a crowd round the house—I saw my cream-jug in the hand of somebody, and Osborn in custody—he was brought into my house by Mr. Norcutt, and the square-keeper—these articles are my property—they are worth about 7l.—I would readily give that for them.

Cross-examined. Q. You will not swear they are worth 5l.? A. No, I will not.





GEORGE HOBBS
. I am a policeman. I was on duty in Queen-square, on the 19th of April, and was called into the prosecutor's house—I saw Mr. Hanrott and the prisoner Osborn, who was given into my charge with the plate.

OSBORN—


GUILTY of larceny only.
  Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.

SELWAY—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Justice Park.
