




683. 




GEORGE CLAYTON
 and 




JOHN FISHINGTON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
7th of January, 1 hat, value 8s., the goods of 



William Lawson and another, their masters.






ELIZABETH BAILEY
. I work for Messrs. Lawson and Horn, hatters. The prisoners were in their service—I was at work in the shop between five and six o'clock in the evening of the 7th of January, and saw Clayton take a hat off a plank, and give it out of the window to Fishington, who was outside—he went away—Clayton shut the window down, made a humming noise, and went on with his work, and in about half-an-hour Fishington came back.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is it a large shop? A. Yes—I was on the same side as the window—I mentioned it about half an hour after it happened—there were three more persons in the shop—I went up afterward and told master—I mentioned it at once to Richards, a man who stood by my side—he is not here—I told Mr. Lawson I had told Richards about it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are there any other windows by the side of the shop? A. There are four windows—I was at the last-one—I had seen Fishington in the shop only two or three minutes before—I saw his arm come into the window, and take the hat—I know it was him—I saw his face and his whole person outside the window—it was a stuff

Hat that was handed out—a finished one—I do not think it was shaped—I should know it again.





JOSEPH PECKOVER
. I am shopman to Mr. Davis of Crown-street, Newington. I produce a hat which was pawned on Saturday evening, the 7th of January, by Fishington, for 5s.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. What time was it? A. Between five and six o'clock, I think—I live about ten minutes walk from the prosecutor's.





ELIZABETH BAILEY

re-examined. This is the hat—I have not a doubt of it—it is just the shape.





WILLIAM LAWSON
. I am In partnership with Mr. James Horn We are hatters in Blackman-street—the prisoners were in our service—this hat is our property—I never authorized the prisoners to pawn it or dispose of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had Clayton been in your service any time? A. About nine months—I thought well of him—I feel very much for him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you purchase that hat? A. I did—I think on the 2nd of January—I saw it the day before it was taken—I remembered it particularly being untrimmed—I have sold Fishington two or three hats—about two months ago he asked me to allow him to take a few to a place in the country—I trusted him with, six, bathe never brought them back, and I was obliged to send after them—we only enter cash payments in our books—I never sold him any of this description.
(John Goldspring, Blackfriars-road, deposed to Fishington's good character.)

CLAYTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 56.—Recommended to mercy.





Confined Three Months.


FISHINGTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against Fishington, for stealing ten hats.)

Before Mr. Recorder.
