



2092. 




LAURENCE DOYLE
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of June, 1 truck, value 6l., the goods of 



Thomas Botterill, and others.






WILLIAM HOUGHTON BOTTERILL
. I am in partnership with my father Thomas Botterill, and brother, in Northumberland-place, Commercial-road which is about a quarter of a mile from Castle-street; we are upholsterers, In June last I had a large green truck—on the night of the 25th our side premises were broken open, the lock taken away, and the truck also—I head of Mr. Jutsum's property being found, and went to the shed, where I found the whole of the body of my truck broken up—the springs, wheels, axles and all the bolts and nails were gone out of it—the body is here-(produced)—I am positive this is ours—I saw it at the station-house—I have lost all the valuable part of it.





SARAH WATERLOO
. I live at 37, Castle-street—I have a shed at the back of my house—I let it to the prisoner—I cannot say the month, but it was about a month before Fairlop fair—I have been in the habit of seeing pieces of trucks in the shed since I let it to him, and now and then a bit of a cart—he said he mended trucks, and they were for the purposed of mending—about the Coronation-day I saw a large green-bodied truck them—it was a whole truck at that time—I did not see it brought in—the prisoner told me he was taking the wheels off to get it painted, to get it ready for Fairlop.

Prisoner. Q. Was it not a large truck with no front to it, and boarder up the sides like a butcher's truck.? A. It was this truck—you did not tell me you were going to make a large butcher's truck of it, and sell it—the shed is open all day—nobody brought trucks in but the truck you brought and the butcher's truck—it was not there for months before—you brought it a few days before Fairlop fair—I said to you, "What a pretty little van that is;" and you said, "I am going to prepare it for Fairlop fair."

Prisoner's Defence. I am in the habit of selling such things to get a living—I am quite innocent of this charge—I know nothing at all abort it—other people have the same access to the place, and could bring in a truck as well as me—nobody saw me bring it in, or take it out.




GUILTY
.* Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years more.
