



2341. 




THOMAS DILLINGHAM
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
7th of September, at 
St. Giles-in-the-Fields, 1 purse, value 1s.; 5 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, 4 half-crowns, 15 shillings, and 8 sixpences; the goods and monies of 



Joseph Hurley, in the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Edwards and another.






SAMUEL SMITH
. I am waiter at the George and Blue Boar. The prisoner was under-porter there.





JOSEPH HURLEY
. I live at Woburn, in Bedfordshire. On Wednesday, the 7th of September, I went to the George and Blue Boar, Holborn—I had a purse in my possession when I went to bed that night—it contained five or six sovereigns, and about 30s., in half-crowns, shilling, and sixpence—in the morning, when I felt in my trowsers pocket, I missed my purse and money—I did not lock my room door—nobody else slept there

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You arrived there rather late that right, I believe? A. About half-past eleven o'clock, with some friends—I had been dining out, and drank rather freely—I did not ring the bell for the boot-jack, for I had no boots on—my friend came into my room after I had retired, but as soon as he saw me into the room he retired, and the chamber-maid afterwards came and took away the candle—I threw my trowsers on the chair in the usual way—they were there when the chambermaid came into the room—my purse was in my trowsers pocket—I am quite sure of that—I had seen my money about an hour before I went into the room, at Mrs. Shorter's, my sister's, in Millbank-street—I did not take my purse out after leaving there, till I got to my own room—I recollect that perfectly—I could have walked home—I was not so far gone as all that—I had rather too much wine.





HANNAH PEARSON
. I am chamber-maid at the George and Blue Boar On the night of the 7th of September, Mr. Hurley came to the house—he was a little the worse for liquor—I showed him up stairs—I went and fetched the light, and observed his trowsers down on the ground by the side of the bed, not on a chair—I picked them up, and a purse fell from the trowsers with money in it on both sides—I replaced it in the pocked again, and replaced the trowsers on a chair, where I had before put his cost and waistcoat—I had assisted the prosecutor in taking off his coat and waistcoat before I left the room the first time—I saw the purse again on the 29th of September, in the policeman's hands.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the prosecutor so intoxicated as not to be able to undress himself? A. Yes—I only helped him off with his coat and waistcoat—I went into the room again to fetch the candle—we never allow gentleman to go to bed and leave them with the candle—a friend of his went up with me when I took the boot-jack up—the prisoner was not there to take it up, so I went up—no servant went into the bed-room besides myself—I felt there was money at both ends of the purse.





JOHN M' GILL
 (police-constable C 29.) I searched the prisoner's box, in a room at the George and Blue Boar, on the 29th, of September, and found a purse with twelve sovereigns in it, and two duplicates—I opened the box with a key which I found in the prisoner's possession—I was shown to the room by the head porter.






EDWARD LARKIN
. I am porter at the George and Blue Boar. I was present when the constable searched the prisoner's box, and took the purse and money from it—I slept in the same room as the prisoner.





JOSEPH HURLEY

re-examined. This is my the purse—I lost five or six sovereigns. and about 30s.—in silver.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you swear to the pure merely from its general appearance, or have you any mark on it? A. I swear to its general appearance—I have not a doubt of it—it is a common purse.





THOMAS EDWARDS
. I am the proprietor of the George and Blue Boar. It is in the parish of St. Giles—I have one partner—I live myself at the Golden Cross—the prisoner's box was searched by an officer on the following day, when prisoner was apprehended on another robbery, but the purse was found at that time.





RICHARD GARDINER
. I am a policeman. I opened the prisoner's box a morning or two after this transaction—I did not then perceive the purse in it—the prisoner went with me and opened the box—I suppose the purse must have got into the box afterwards—I searched the prisoner himself—I found nothing but a few halfpence on him.

MR. DOANE, on the prisoner's behalf, stated that he had saved the money up in service; that the purse was his own, and had been in his possession for the last eighteen months.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Life.
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
