





732. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MULLINGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of March
, 4 lbs. of pork, value 2.s
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Knight
                  




               
            .


                  MARTHA 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Knight
               



            ; he keeps a shop in the general line, and sells pork
. The prisoner was on duty at nine o'clock in the evening, as parish watchman
; I saw him come round the door-post and take the pork from a stall, two yards within the shop door - he put one foot into the shop, and walked off with it; I was watching him at my parlour door, as I had lost two cheeses one night before - he took the pork to the other corner of the street, and put it down; he is one of the early watchmen.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Has he not been in the army? A. I do not know, but I heard he was whipped for stealing in the army - he is a pensioner; I did not say I saw him come in on all fours - he came in a crouching position; I have seen him crawl on his hands and knees by my door, but not that night - Mr. Maybank took the prisoner, but he is not here, nor the pork.
Prisoner's Defence. She told the watch-house-keeper that I crawled in on my hands and knees, and the next morning she said I went in and took it off the stall - my character is too good to be a thief; I am too much of an upright character in heart for it; she said the next morning that I slid round the corner, and I never darkened the door.
MARTHA KNIGHT. I gave Mr. Maybank the same account as I did to the Magistrate.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not tell him the prisoner crept in on his hands and knees? A. No - I told the watchman I had seen him before on his hands and knees; no other person is here.
COURT. Q. How often had you seen him crouch? A. On the Tuesday before the night I lost my cheese - the prisoner was given to another watchman.
Prisoner. It is a malicious thing altogether; she has done it to blast my character - in going to Queen-square she and her husband asked what pension I had - had 1 1s. a day? I said Yes; they then asked if I had 1s. 0 1/2d.? I said Yes - then 1s. 1d.; I said Yes - but my pension is 1s. 5d.; if they had said 2s. 6d. I should have said Yes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 47. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
