





1685. 




EMMA SMITH
 and 




ASHTON SMITH
 were indicted for

 stealing on the 
27th of June, 1 purse, value 1d., 5 half-crown and 16 shillings the goods and monies of 



William Wright.






WILLIAM WRIGHT
. I live at No. 4, Back-walk, St. Pancras Old Road. On the evening of the 27th of June 1 met the female prisoner—she asked me if I would walk it—I stood about two or three minutes belowk talking to her, before I went up stairs—I went up, and had a purse containing 32s.—I counted it about a minute before—I had six half-crowns, sixteen shilling and two sixpences in my left-hand trowsers pocket—I agreed to sleep with her all night—I gave her half-a-crown one shilling and one sixpence out of this money—I counted the money after I gave it her, and then had five half-crowns, fifteen shillings and one sixpence—I undressed, and put my trowsers on the floor—my money was in the then in the purse—the prisoner went down stairs—she returned and we both went to bed together—I had taken my breeches off after she came up the second time, and my money was safe then—I had not been long in bed before the male prisoner came up, and said, "You b----, what business have you with my wife"—I said she was as much my wife as she was his—he said, if I was not off he would break my b—y neck down stairs—up jumped the girl, lifted up my trowsers, and ran down stairs into a room, and he went down stairs immediately after her—there was alight in the room—he stood at the door—after I found they went down I cot up and felt my pocket and the mere stood at the door—I called a policeman, and then heard her say to the man, "Put the money under the pillow"—I know it was her, because she had not come out of the lower room from the rimes she went in—I know her voice—I told the Magistrate it was a female voice—I cannot swear it was her voice, but I know there was no other female in the house—there was no other person in the house but these two and me—after I had stood at the door a few minutes either the male or female went up stairs and returned again into the lower room—I stood there still the policeman and to my assistance—I said, "policeman. I was have been robbed of five half-crowns and several shilling"—I insisted that the lace should be searched—I said, "Have you got a light?"—he said "No, I will go next door, and get one"—he stood and held me a light, and I put on my clothes—during this time I found the purse, one half-crown and five single shillings in it—the bed was searched, and four half-crowns, six shillings, and one sixpence were found in a woman's pocket, under the pillow—the man was searched in my presence, and half-a-crown, one shilling and a sixpence were found—after I gave them in charge and we were going out of the door, the woman stuck me a violent blow in the mouth, and said, "Take that, you b----r"

Ashton Smith. I was in bed with this young woman, and never went out of the room—I gave her three half-crown that night. Witness. You are the man that came up to me in the room.





WILLOIAM TOMINSON
 (police-constable S 141.) I went there on hearing the noise—the prosecutor and Richard Wall were there—the house was shut and the prosecutor outside—the two prisoners were in the house, and no one else—I searched it all over from top to bottom—the persecutor said he had been robbed—I commenced searching the bed, and took off the coverlid and blanket and found this pocket under the pillow, with 4 half-crowns, 6s. 6d. and 6 3/4 d. in copper—the purse was not found in my presence—I saw female prisoner strike the prosecutor—I searched the made prisoner

at the watch-house, and found 1 half-crown, 1 shilling and 1 sixpence on him.

Emma Smith. We were both undressed, and in bed. Witness. Yes, you were when I got there.





RICHARD WALL
 (police-constable S 213.) The prosecutor was standing at the door in his shirt; and the said, "Policeman I want you"—"What is the matter?" I said—he said, "I have been robbed"—I got him a light, and he out on his clothes; the other officer, who prosecutor, and 1 went in and found the money in the bed—I did not see the purse in the prosecutor's pocket—after he had been in the parlour he said to had the purse in his pocket with 7s. 6d. in it 1 half-crown, and 5 single shillings.





EMMA SMITH
. I went to bed with Ashton, Smith, and was awoke by some one shaking me—Jane Evans known—I am not the woman that went to bed with the prosecutor.





WILLIAM WRIGHT
. I saw no other woman there—I was quite sober.





JANE EVANS
, being called, did not answer.

(Richard Greenwood, a corn-chandler, of No. 35, Old Compton-street, Soho; and Hugh Henry Parry a cabinet-maker of Archer-street gave the prisoner Ashton Smith a good character.)

EMMA SMITH†—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

ASHTON SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.




Transported for Seven years.
