



125. 




THOMAS NEAGLE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of October, 1 coat, value 3l. 15s.; 2 waistcoats, value 1l.; 1 stock, value 5s.; 1 pair of braces, value 2s.; 1 dressing-case, value 2s.; 4 brushes, value 2s.; 2 razors, value 1s. 6d.; 1 strop, value 6d.; 4 shirts, value 10s.; 1 hone, value 2s.; and 1 portmanteau, value 10s.; the goods of 




Francis Peter Gruzelier: 2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



Benjamin Worthy Home, and another.






FRANCIS PETER GRUZELIER
. I am master of the Launceston work-house, in Cornwall. The articles stated were my property—they were packed in a portmanteau—I was going by the Stroudwater coach to Abingdon, in Berks—I got into the coach at seven o'clock in the morning, in Holborn—my luggage was put into the hind boot, and I saw the door locked—when I arrived at Abingdon my portmanteau was gone—I saw my property again about a week afterwards at Brentford—this is my coat

that was packed in my portmanteau—this is my shirt—(looking at the property)—I have also recovered a pair of braces, and two or three papers of no use—my name is on these papers, in my own writing, and this address card of mine was in it.





JAMES SMITH
. I am porter to the coach which goes from the Old Bell, Holborn—I put the portmanteau into the hind boot, I am quite sure, and locked it directly—it could not come out without the door was open—I do not know the prisoner.

Prisoner. How far did you go with it? Witness. Only to the White Hone, Piccadilly—there was more luggage put in then.





JAMES MAYNARD
 (police-constable T 96.) I was on duty at Old Brentford on the 23rd of October, the day that the coach was robbed, and saw the prisoner going into the Hand and Flowers public-house—he called for a quartern of rum—he had no shoes on, and scarcely any stockings, but I heard some money rattle, and was surprised—he then went past me, and went to a baker's shop—I said, "What have you got here?"—he said, "A coat which I bought at Bath, for 15s., of a Jew"—in going along, he said, "You will be surprised at the station to see the coat," and I found this shirt on him—he said he bought it of a Jew—I found these braces, which he said he bought of a man at Slough—I asked where he got this diploma, which I also found on him—he said he bought it for 2d. at Slough—I then went to the address of Captain Skittle, whose card I found on him, and asked him if he had lost any thing—he said no—I showed him the shirt—he saw the initials, and said he had no doubt it was the property of the gentleman he took the house of, and gave the prosecutor's name and address—I found on the prisoner" this instrument, with which no doubt he opened the boot.





THOMAS PETER GRUZELIER
. re-examined. I made no inquiry, nor looked at the boot behind—I saw a person behind, and have an idea it was the prisoner, but I could not swear to him.

Prisoners Defence. I bought the coat for 15s., 39 miles from London, on the same day I came to Slough and bought a pair of braces and the picture there.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
