





958. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     HIGGINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of May
, 2 milk pails, value 10s.; 11 quarts of milk, value 2s. 9d.; 2 cans, value 5s.; 3 measures, value 2s.; and 3 swimmers, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Miller
               




            ; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am a milkman
. On the 9th of May I was out with my milk and two pails, and two cans hanging on them; they contained eleven quarts of milk; I left them at the corner of Montague-place


, while I went to put a can down a gentleman's area; I returned in two or three minutes, and the pails and milk were gone - I found the pails the next day.


                  MARY 
                  ANN CHAPMAN
               



            . I am a milkwoman, and live in West's-place, John's-road. The prisoner brought these pails and cans to me to buy; I did not know him, but he said he was a milkman, and was going to give up the business - I said I could not buy them till my husband came home; I told him to come at six o'clock, and my husband then had him taken.


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am headborough of St. Luke's. I was sent for on the 9th of May, and took the prisoner.


                  DANIEL 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . In consequence of what my wife said, I had the prisoner taken.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  RODERICK
               



             (Police-constable S 130). I produce a certificate from Mr. Clark's office, of the conviction of the prisoner by the name of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Webb
               



             - I was the officer in the case; I know the prisoner is the man.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going up Long Acre, and met a person who asked me to buy them; he wanted five shillings for them, which I gave him, thinking I might get a shilling by them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
