



2061. 




ISAAC DODMAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of August, at 
St. Marylebone, 1 pepper-box, value 1l. 10s.; 1 pair of sugar tongs, value 1l. 10s.; 3 spoons, value 1l.; 1 sugar basin, value 2l. 10s.; and 1 mustard pot, value 4l. 10s.; the goods of 



Thomas Dowbiggin, in his dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN FURLONG
. I am an inspector of the S division of police. On Tues day, the 29th of August, I was passing up Grove-end-road, St. John's Wood, and saw the prisoner—he appeared very confused—I stopped him and asked what he had got—he said he had got a top in his pocket—I put my hand into his pocket and took out this silver pepper castor—he then produced some silver sugar tongs, a tea spoon, and salt spoon—the tea spoon had been just used to make mustard, and there was pepper in the pepper box—he said he found them at Hampstead—the mustard pot, sugar basin, and another tea-spoon, lost at the same time, have not been found.





SARAH ANN TERRY
. I have been visiting at Mr. Thomas Dowbiggin's, at Abercorn Lodge, Edgware-road—I know all these articles to be his—they were used on the 29th of August, at two o'clock, at dinner—I noticed them on the sideboard, with other articles, in the dining-room, and missed them between three and four o'clock, with a silver sugar basin and mustard pot—all the articles missing were worth about 8l.—I saw the prisoner about dinner time crossing a field, about six yards from the house, which is in the parish of St. Marylebone—part of the articles were used at dinner—dinner was over at two o'clock—I saw the whole of the articles before dinner and just after.





JOHN FURLONG

re-examined, I stopped him about half-past two o'clock, about half a mile from the house.

Prisoner's Defence. She stated she did not know at what time she lost the things—I picked them up coming across the path by Hampstead—I saw some man running across the fields—the policeman asked me what I had, and I said a pepper-box.





JOHN FURLONG
. He said it was a top.





SARAH ANN TERRY

re-examined. He was quite alone when I saw him—it was about five minutes after two o'clock, just after dinner—I had left the dining-room.






THOMAS HARRISON
 (police-sergeant D 14.) I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I was present here when he was tried—he is the man who was convicted of the offence here stated (read)—it was for having a counterfeit mould in his possession.




GUILTY of stealing under the value of 5l
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Life.
