



441. 




JOSEPH FOWLER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of May, 2 £20 bank-notes, the property of 



George Ingram, his master.






GEORGE INGRAM
. About the 15th or 16th of April I received a £20 bank-note from Mr. Jordan. I put it into my pocket, kept it about a month, and then lost it—I applied to Mr. Jordan, and he referred one to his banker—the prisoner was in my service as a coach-trimmer—he had the same opportunity of getting to my pocket as other persons had—he

was not on my premises after seven or eight o'clock At night—I discharged him, and afterwards received a paper from his uncle, but I do not know whose writing it is.

Prisoner. Q. Was it stolen out of your pocket? Witness. I think I lost it on my premises about the 18th or 19th of May, and I believe I dropped it in the loft where the prisoner worked.

COURT. Q. What makes you think so? A. Because I put my hand into my pocket to give my servant a sovereign in that loft—I am able to swear that I had the note safe on the Tuesday afternoon preceding the Wednesday, when 1 think I lost it—it got to the Bank on the 23rd of May.





WILLIAM WALKER JORDAN, ESQ
. I am a barrister. About the 16th of April I paid this £20 note to Mr. Ingram—I wrote my initials on it—it is No. 12841, dated 10th March, 1836—4 had received three £20 notes from Messrs. Hoares, and I had other £20 notes.





JOSEPH HOARE, ESQ
. I am one of the firm of Hoare and Go. I paid this note, with others, for a draft on our house, from Dennison and Co.—I cannot say to whom I paid it.





WILLIAM WALKER JORDAN
. I received that draft.





JORN LEVY
. I am a clothes salesman, and live at No. 69, Marylebone-lane. The prisoner came to my shop, with a young woman, on Whit-Monday or Tuesday, and purchased some clothes—he paid me this £20 note—he waited while I went with it to the Bank of England and got change—I put my name on it at the Bank—I gave the prisoner the balance.

Prisoner. Q. On the first night the officer brought me to your place, did you not say you were not certain of me? A. I said I did not exactly bow you; but I said decidedly the next day that it was you—I am sure you are the man.





DANIEL HILL
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. This note was paid in on the 23rd of May.





THOMAS SOPER
 (police-sergeant F 6.) This is Sir Frederick Roe's signature to this examination—it was read over to the prisoner after he stated it—(read)—"The prisoner says, 'I found the notes just by the street door—the next day they were inquired for, but the numbers and dates were not stated—I thought if I gave them up I should lose my situation.' "





GEORGE INGRAM

re-examined. I gave a general notice in my house of the loss of this money—I had bills printed, and spoke to the prisoner personally about it—I lost two £20 notes—the other has not been found.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
