



597. 



CHARLES YOUNG
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of November, 1 gelding, price 20l.; 1 cart, value 15l.; 1 set of harness, value 3l.; 15 casks, value 4s.; and 1400 lbs. weight of butter, value 70l.; the goods of 



Thomson Webb.


MR. BALLANTINE. conducted the Prosecution.





THOMSON WEBB
. I am a cheesemonger, and live in Tottenham-court-road. I had purchased 25 quarter casks of butter, part of which I had away—on the 11th of November I sent Peacock to Brewer's Quay for 15 quarter casks, with a horse and cart—it was Mecklenburg Keil butter, which is a butter of a peculiar flavour—I saw my horse and cart again next day at a livery stable, in the neighbourhood of Sun Tavern-fields—on the 17th of November I went to Coxson's shop in Rosemary-lane, and saw some butter in a Sligo keg and a Leer firkin, of exactly the same quality as I lost—I tasted it—Mecklenburg butter is more expensive than Sligo, and would not be put in a Sligo cask—it appeared as if it had been very hastily packed.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. You prosecuted Coxson for receiving it? A. Yes—he was acquitted—I said I could not swear to the butter being mine—I am positive it was Mecklenburg Keil butter.





WILLIAM PEACOCK
. On the 11th of November Mr. Webb sent me to Brewer's Quay, with a horse and cart, to fetch some butter, about two o'clock or a little after—I drove it to Billingsgate, when a man came up to me, and in consequence of what he said I returned to Brewers Quay—when I came back, the horse and cart, which I had left at Billingsgate,

was gone—I had 15 quarter casks, 12 in the body of the cart, and 3 on the copse, over the horse's head.





MARGARET GREGORY
. On the 11th of November I lived in the house of stebbings, in Cable-street, leading out of Rosemary-lane—about half-past four o'clock that afternoon, the prisoner came there along with Collins, (who was convicted last sessions)—I have known the prisoner for eight years—he said, "I understand you have a horse and cart to let"—Stebbings said, "The cart is out"—the prisoner said, "Do you know where I can get one?"—Stebbings said, "Two or three doors off"—the prisoner and Collins then went away—they came back in about three minutes, and said they could not get one—Stebbings said, "My partnet's van is in the stable, if that will do you can have it"—they said that would do, and Stebbings went away with them—he was away about a quarter of an hour—about two hours and a half after, I saw Potter's van and Stebbings's horse going up Rosemary-lane—the van seemed full of butter firkins—the prisoner and Collins were with it—I was going out at the time—it stopped at the corner of Cartwright-street, by Coxson's door—I saw the prisoner come to the van, take one cask out, and take it into Coxson's—Collins was standing by the hone's head, on the pavement—the prisoner then came and took another in, and was coming to the van again for more, when Coxson stopped him, and said, "I won't have any more, as you have brought the van to the door, or else I would have had four."

Cross-examined. Q. You were housekeeper to Stebbings, were, you? A. Yes—I have not got another place—I told the Magistrate it was the prisoner I saw with the butter, that was after Stebbings was convicted—I could not find him, or else I should have done it before; but when I went to Clerkenwell to see Stebbings, Coxson used to beg of me not to say any thing, as he knew I knew most about it—I should have told if the prisoner had been found—I certainly should like to see Stebbings back again, but it is impossible—I do not expect to get him back by doing any thing to this man—I expect to do it by petitioning—I have not accused other people wrongfully—I do not expect to get Stebbings off by convicting this man—I do not want to convict him—I do not expect to get him off by petitioning, but I may get his sentence mitigated—I do not care whether the prisoner gets off or not—I have said nothing but the truth—there is a petition gone in for Stebbings; Mr. Dowries, an attorney, drew it up—a gentleman named Hay employed him to do it, as I did not know any thing about it—I am not housekeeper to Mr. Hay—he is old enough to be my grandfather—the petition was not read over to me—I do not know what was in it—this is the second time I have been here—I do not expect to get any money by being a witness, I do not want any—I got 3s. 6d. a day for being a witness the last time—I got 15s. 6d. altogether—I have had no money from any one else—I lived with Stebbings for seven yean—I did not have wages, I had the handling of the money.





HENRY WILLIAMS
. On the 11th of November I lived in Harrod's-alley, Wellclose-square. On the afternoon of that day I was waiting for my master, Mr. Potter, who keeps a van, and saw Stebbings, Collins, and the prisoner come up the horse-ride together—Stebbings wrenched the padlock off the stable-door, where his own hone and master's were kept, and said to me, "Now I want the cart, I suppose I cannot have it"—he said to the prisoner and Collins, "Will a van do?" they answered "Yes"—with that, Stebbings opened the gate where the van was kept, and drew it out—I held up the shafts—he harnessed the horse in a great hurry, and

put the breeching on wrong—Collins jumped up into the van, and laid hold of the reins—I said to Stebbings, "There is no whip at home, master has it out; here is only this old piece of stick"—he said, "Let us have it"—he handed it to Collins, up in the van, and Collins drove off—the prisoner and Stebbings walked on the pavement, facing the van, keeping up to it—this was about half-past three o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. Were Potter and Stebbings partners in the van? A. I believe they were—I was in Potter's service—I have left him about three or four months—I did live at Mr. Wright's, but left, not having enough wages—I live no where at present—I slept in Princes-street, Sparrow-corner, last night—I have not been talking with Gregory about this case—I have only been out of place a week—I live with my mother—I was never taken into custody.





JANE SIDEY
. On the 11th of November, I was living in Rosemary-lane, facing Coxson's. I saw the prisoner and Collins about four o'clock, or a little after, come up facing my window—Collins stopped there, and the prisoner went into Coxson's shop, and staid there about five minutes, he then came out, and they went away together down the lane—about seven o'clock or a little after, the same evening, I saw the prisoner draw the van up to Coxson's door—he took a cask out of the van, and put it down at the side of the counter in the shop—he then came out, and drove the van away—Collins was with him, and stood by the horse—I have known the prisoner a long while—they used to call him Upright Charley—I cannot be mistaken in his person.

Cross-examined. Q. Was Stebbings there at the time? A. I did not see Stebbings at all—I knew Collins—I am single and live in Mary-street, Cannon Street-road now, with my father—I work at the tailoring—I know nothing of Gregory—I used to visit at Stebbings's when I was a child, but have not lately.





CHARLES JONES
. On the 11th of November, I was keeper of the New road gate, formerly called Cable-street. On the evening of that day, I saw a horse and cart drive through the gate about six o'clock I believe; it was getting dusk, but I did not look at any clock—I have since seen the hone and cart at the Thames police, it was Mr. Webb's—when it passed through the gate, the bottom of it was full of tubs, and three were on the top of the copse—the prisoner and Collins were with it—the prisoner staid behind and paid me the toll—he stood with me four or five minutes—we had a few words together concerning the toll—it is a new gate put up—he said, "I have paid toll here many a day, but never paid at this gate"—the cart was going to wards Sun Tavern-fields.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it light or dark? A. Just in the dusk of the evening—I had no light—it is only a new gate without any box—a butcher's shop opposite, shows a very good light—I will not positively say, I had ever seen the prisoner before, but I had no reason to take notice of him before—he gave me the opportunity of seeing him—I cannot say whether it was before or after six o'clock—I am confident it was not seven o'clock—it was between five and six, or nearer six o'clock.





DANIEL JOHN MEALEY
. I am a sergeant of the City police No. 6. I took the prisoner on the 24th of January—he was always pointed out to me as Upright Charley—I have known him about six months—I took him in front of the Custom-house-quay, in Thames-street, and took him to the office in a coach—as we went along, a wagon passed, a man was driving it—the prisoner put his hand out of window, and waved it to the

wagoner—I said, "Is that a friend of your's, Charley?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Well, let the coach stop," which it did—he put his hand out and shook hands with the man and said, "Good by, I am off"—and afterwards burst into tears, and seemed much affected in the coach.




GUILTY
 of Larceny only. Aged.—


Transported for Seven Years.
