





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
1263. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STRAWS
                  




               
             was indicted for, that 


               he, on the 16th of July
, at St. Mary-le-Bow


, feloniously did forge a certain order for payment of money
            , which is as follows:
"£12 10s. Bankrupt Dividend Account, No. 45. Estate of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Purson
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Sammon
               



            , bankrupts. Final Dividend 3s. 9d., London, July 5th, 1832. Pay to 
               
                  James 
                  Ogilby
               



            , Jun., or bearer, the sum of twelve pounds, ten shillings.


                  George 
                  Gibson
               



            , Official Assignee.
To the cashiers of the Bank of England. Examined E. Lewis, Chief Register. N. B. This draft must be indorsed by the Payee."
with intent to defraud the 
               
Governor and Company of the Bank of England



            .
2nd. COUNT, for feloniously offering, uttering, disposing of, and putting off a like forged order, upon the back of which was a certain forged indorsement, which is as follows; " J. Ogilby, Jun.," with a like intent, well knowing the same order to be forged.
3rd and 4th COUNTS, like the 1st and 2nd, only stating it to be with intent to defraud 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Gibson
                  



               
            .
5th and 6th COUNTS, like the 1st and 2nd, only stating the intent to be to defraud 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Ogilby
                  



               
            , the younger.
7th and 8th COUNTS, like the 1st. and 2nd, only not setting out the forged instrument.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BICKLEY
               



            . I am clerk in the cash office at the Bank; there is an account kept there for the assignees of bankrupts; it is kept by drafts signed by the official assignee, and counter-signed by the register; on the 16th of July, this cheque was presented to me by a porter named Young; I looked at it, and saw the endorsement "James Ogilby," agreed with the name in front of it; I asked if his name was Ogilby, he said not; I asked if he could write his name and address on it, he said he could not write; and I gave the cheque to Mr. Palmer, one of the clerks, who sent me with the cheque to Mr. Gibson, the official assignee - I delivered the cheque to Mr. Palmer.
JURY. Q. If you had believed the signature to be genuine, would you have paid it? A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am a clerk in the Bank of England; a cheque was brought to me by William Bickley, this is it; Young was produced to me as the man who had brought it; he stated that he had received it at the Elephant and Castle; I placed the cheque in the hands of the chief cashier, who went for Mr. Christmas, and gave it him in my presence.


                  CHARLES 
                  CHRISTMAS
               



            . I am inspector of Bank notes; I received this cheque on the 16th of July; I saw Young; I put a mark on the cheque by which I know it; I went to the Elephant and Castle with him and Forrester, and I saw the prisoner there afterwards, Young had pointed him out to Forrester; I had left the house, and as I came in, Forrester was speaking to him.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am a porter; I do business at the Elephant and Castle; on the 16th of July, I was sent for there, and saw the prisoner; he gave me this cheque, and told me to take it to the Bank and get it changed for £12 10s., and I was to be back in an hour's time; I went to the Bank and presented it, it was not paid; I went back with Christmas and the officer; the prisoner was there; I told him "I have got your money sir;" putting my hands to my pocket - he said nothing to it; Forrester took him; I cannot write; I was not asked to write my name at the Bank - I am sure he is the man who gave me the cheque.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am a City officer; I went on the 16th of July, to the Elephant and Castle, with Christmas and Roe; I saw the prisoner there about ten minutes after I first got there; he was pointed out to me by Young, and I asked him where he got the cheque which he gave that man, pointing to Young; he said,"I never gave him any cheque;" there was then a little confusion with the men; I said, "Don't make a disturbance, we want to trace the cheque;" the prisoner then said, "That is not my name at the back;" I did not show him the cheque, or say anything about a name at the back; I said to him, "From whom did you take it?" he said, "From Mr. Ogilby, No. 70, Guildford-street;" I said, "In payment for what;" he said, "For a debt of £10;" I asked him if he had given the difference; he said, "No;" I said, "Which Guildford-street is it, is it Guildford-street, Gray's Inn-lane?" he said, "Yes;" I asked him for his address, and he wrote it on this card; he gave me two addresses, both on cards. (read)."W. Smidt, No. 4, over at Kensington." "Mr. Straus, No. 1, Berkley-street, Lambeth." I took him into custody.
JURY. Q. Did you not say at first he denied having a cheque at all? A. Yes; he afterwards said he received it from Ogilby; it was all in one conversation.
MR. GEORGE GIBSON. My place of business is in Basinghall-street; I am one of the official assigness of the Bankrupt Court

. The prisoner was in my employ above six months as clerk
 - I have a book of the orders for money in my possession, for the different estates for which I am assignee - it was kept in my private room, to which the prisoner had access - about the 15th of July I was going to part with the prisoner; I had given him notice some time before, but he requested I would allow him to remain a few days - he was to leave about the 15th of July - at that time I had all the orders belonging to this estate in my possession - I have the cheque-book here; this cheque has originally been in that book - I have compared it with the margin; they correspond exactly - the name "G. Gibson" at the bottom of it, is not my hand-writing - I know of no such person as Ogilby having made this indorsement - it is not in the handwriting of Ogilby who lives in Guildford-street - I believe it to be in the hand-writing of the prisoner - the signature Gibson is very like my hand-writing; I think in some of the letters to that signature, I can trace the handwriting of the prisoner; I am inclined to think it is written by him from the character of one particular letter N - I never authorised him to sign my name to such an order as that - the orders are filled up, all but the signature of the official assignee, and indorsement, and kept in a book (cheque read).


                  MARY 
                  ANN MOLINEUX
               



            . I am housekeeper at Mr. Gibson's office. I know the prisoner; I recollect his being there, but I don't know the day, it was the last evening that I saw him there - I saw him in the morning; he came there before the other clerks about a quarter of an hour; I don't know which room he was in - I recollect on Saturday, the 13th, his being there with all the other clerks; he went away with them and came back again by himself, and was there about ten minutes - I heard him in Mr. Gibson's room; I am certain it was Saturday evening.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAW OGILBY
               



            . I live at No. 61, Guildford-street. I am cousin of James Ogilby; he has been dead ten or eleven years - I never signed this cheque, nor ever saw it till after this occurred - it is not my hand-writing; it purports to be my cousin's signature - the cheque is dated the 5th of July, 1832 - I never lived at No. 70, Guildford-street.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I live at No. 70, Guildford-street - Mr. Freeman, my master, lives there - I have lived there six months; no 
               
                  James 
                  Ogilby
               



             lives there; there are no lodgers.


                  ROBERT 
                  MILLS
               



            . I am a waiter at the Elephant and Castle. I saw the prisoner at our house on the 16th of July - I am confident he is the man; he came to me to recommend him a respectable man he could place confidence in to go to the city, and bring some money back.


                  THOMAS 
                  CARD
               



            . On the 16th of July, I saw the prisoner at the Elephant and Castle; he asked me to go into the city to get him some money - I could not go, and recommended Young.
The prisoner in his defence stated, that he was a foreigner, and declared he had no intention to defraud the Bank, and trusted that he should have the benefit of any discrepancy in the evidence.
GEORGE GIBSON. The indorsement is not in the prisoner's usual hand-writing; it is a little concealed, and my signature is still more feigned - all my clerks have access to my private room.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
