





NEW COURT. THURSDAY, MAY 24.
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1409. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of May
, 4 planes, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Goodwin
                  




               
            .
THOMAS GOODWIN. I am a journeyman carpenter
 to Mr. Sawyer, and lodged in Page-street, Regent-street, Westminster. I left four planes safe last Thursday evening, in a shop at No, 38, Frith-street


, which was under repair - they were on the bench, or on the mantelshelf, with other tools; I left them safe at half-past five o'clock, and locked the door; I went to work at six the next morning - I found the padlock drawn, and my planeswere gone - the prisoner did not then work for Mr. Sawyer; I never heard any thing amiss of him while he did.


                  JANE 
                  ELIZABETH FARRIS
               



            . I am single, and live at No. 27, Frith-street. On the evening of the 17th of May I was at work at the front window, and saw the prisoner at the door of No. 38, which is opposite; he was endeavouring to get the padlock off the door - I watched him, and saw him go to the end of the street, and then return to the door; he was still endeavouring to take the padlock off; he opened it about half-past eight o'clock, then went in, and shut the door after him - I informed Mr. Fenn, my landlord.


                  CHARLES 
                  FENN
               



            . I am a cheesemonger, and live in Frith-street. On the evening of the 17th of May, between eight and nine o'clock, in consequence of what Farris said, I went over to No. 38 with a person who was then in my shop; I found the door ajar; I stood on one side, and the other person on the other, and in a few minutes we saw the prisoner coming out of the shop, with some tools under his arm, and some before him; I said,"My friend, what do you do here? who are you? do you work for Mr. Sawyer?" he said, "Yes, I am Mr. Sawyer's man;" I sent for Mr. Sawyer and the Policeman - the prisoner managed to lay the tools down on the bench, close inside the door - the officer came, and took him.
JAMES BARRACK. I went to the door with Ferris, and what he has stated is correct; when the prisoner came to the door, and we asked what he was going to do with the tools, he shifted them before him - I said, "Where are you going?" he said, "I am going out;" I said,"Not out of here till somebody comes" - the officer took the same tools which the prisoner had.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you take two head planes to the station-house, and then say they were not them? A. I took none; the officer took two small planes at first, and then I said there were two larger planes, which he had in his hand - I went back, and pointed them out to the officer.
GREGORY 
               
                  COLE 
                  DUDLEY
               



             (Police-constable C 6). I produce the plane, which I got at No. 38, Frith-street - these two bead planes were first pointed out, and I took them; the gentleman said there were two other planes as well; I went back, and they pointed out these.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been out of work a long time, and knowing that Mr. Sawyer would give me work, I went there, and saw the door open; I went in, and thought I should see Goodwin - I had nothing in my possession.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
