




124. 




ROBERT ELLIOTT
 and 




JOHN SELSBY
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the shop of 



Henry Honey, on the 
17th of November, and stealing 1 coat, value 3l.; 1 hat, value 10s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 5s.; 2 decanters, value 1l.; 1 pint of rum, value 1s.; 1 shawl, value 4d.; 1 glass, value 10d.; 70 half-pennies; and 30 farthings, his goods and monies.






WILLIAM FORD
. I am a police-constable. On the 17th of November, at twenty minutes past six o'clock in the morning, I was on duty, and saw the two prisoners come down Union-court, Orchard-street, Westminster—I saw Selsby had Elliot's clothes on—in about five minutes, Elliott came down with a great-coat on his arm, and a different hat on from any I had seen him wear before—he went into No. 12, and attempted to go up stairs, but instead of that he was going into the yard—I told him then was something wrong, and he threw the coat into No. 11—I took him, and got this coat—he said he picked it up in Scotland-yard—I took him to the station-house, and there heard that the Swan tap had been broken open—I went back to the house in Union-court, and Selsby came back to the house—I took him—he said he knew it was wrong, and I should soon bear where it came from—there was a girl in bed, and he handed a pair of sugar-tongs to her—I asked what it was, and she gave me these tongs—I found in the

room, two decanters, with rum in them; a beer-glass, and this money and coat.





JOSEPH HAMILTON
. I was going up Bridge-court, and heard a noise at the prosecutor's house—I looked, and saw Elliott come up the area—he got over the rails, and asked me what it was o'clock—I told him a little after six, and said it was rather strange his getting over there—he said he was pot-boy there—he then ran away—he came back afterwards, and bought 1 1/2 d. worth of sweetmeats of me—he told me to go on the bridge, and he would buy some more—I told him I must not—he then gave me 3d. to say nothing about it—I then saw Selsby come by—I am sure they are the persons—I had known Selsby before.





HENRY HONEY
. I keep the house; it is part of the Swan Hotel, Blackfriars—I do not sleep on the premises—I left the house all secure at night, and the next morning I heard of this—Selsby had been living with me as pot-boy—I went in the morning, and found the door leading to Bridge Court was open—I found the till open—I went down stairs, and found two squares of glass taken out of a window, which enabled them to get in—I went to the station, but, during this time, the officer had detected the prisoners with this property on them, the whole of which I can identify—I had shut my house up on Sunday night, and saw it all secure—I had given Selsby 3s. on the Saturday night when he left me—there is a bank token among the copper, which I had taken on Sunday.

Elliott's Defence. The money belonged to me—I earned 5s. on the Saturday night at the theatre, and meant, on the Monday morning, to buy fruit with it.

Selsby's Defence. I know nothing about it.

ELLIOTT—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

SELSBY—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.





Transported for Seven Years
.
