





889. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     HARVEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, 4 gold brooches, value 2l., and 2 gold ear-rings, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Moses 
                           Abraham
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  ABRAHAM
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Moses 
                  Abraham
               



            , who is an attorney
; we live in Liverpool-street, New-road


. The prisoner was our servant
, she left on the 1st of February, and the same night I missed four brooches, two pairs of ear-rings, and some other articles, from a drawer in my bed-room; Richard Glover afterwards came to my house, and offered me the brooches and ear-rings - I said he had better give them to the officer.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I am a hackney-coachman, and livein Rawstorne-street, Clerkenwell. One night in February I went down to Sadler's-wells, and saw the prisoner there; I had lived with her mother, when her husband was alive I was in his employ; the prisoner showed me these brooches and rings in her glove, in St. John-street-road; I asked where she got them - she said she had them given to her; I said she had better let me have them, and I got them, partly by force, from her - I took them home to my wife to take care of, while I made inquiry about them; I heard some account the next morning, and I sent word to my wife to give them up to the lady - I left the same brooches and rings with my wife that I got from the prisoner.


                  ALICE 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Glover
               



            ; he left the jewellery in my care, and he sent word the next day to give them to his father, to take to the lady, which I did.


                  RICHARD 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I live in Union-court, Chapel-street, Islington. I received these articles from Alice Glover; I took them to Mrs. Abraham - she told me to give them to the officer.


                  EDWARD 
                  BELL
               



            . I am a Police-officer. Richard Glover gave these things to me.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had known Joseph Glover a good while; he asked me if I was comfortable in my place - I said I was; he asked if they were well off, and if there was any jewellery, or anything which I could take, as it would not be missed - I met him up at Islington, when I left my place, and he persuaded me to go to the play; he came to me in the middle of the play, and asked what I had got - I told him, and he offered me 5s. for them; I would not take that - he then gave me 9s. for four brooches, two pairs of ear-rings and a diamond ring.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I gave her 7s. for them, but I had no diamond ring; I went to the theatre by accident, and went to the same part where she was - I did not know she had these things till she showed them to me, and said, "Look what I have got;" I did not know where she had lived till the next morning, when I saw her mother - I was with her about eleven o'clock at night, and then I left her; I went to the coach-rank in the City-road, till between two and three o'clock in the morning, which is my time to go home.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
