






1230. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the counting-house of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Dobbs
                     



                  , on the 9th of May
, at St. Andrew by the Wardrobe, and stealing therein 2 ladles, value 1l.; 2 shovels, value 15s.; 1 pair of scales, value 2s.; 1 towel, value 6d.; 24 steel pens, value 6d., and 1 stick of sealing-wax, value 2d., the goods of the said 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Dobbs
                     



                  ; and 3 pairs of shoes, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Furneaux
                     



.
HENRY FURNEAUX. I am clerk
 to Mr. Henry Dobbs; he has a counting-house
 at the City wharf, Upper Thames-street


, in the parish of St. Andrew by the Wardrobe; I left that counting-house about half-past five o'clock on the 9th of May, and the warehouseman afterwards fastened it up, but he is not here; on the 10th, in the morning, I missed a towel, and a box of steel nibs; the other articles were not taken away, but they were all put together - a stick of sealing - wax was gone.
BARTHOLOMEW SCANDLAN. I am a patrol of Castle Baynard ward. On the morning of the 10th of May I saw Mr. Dobbs' counting-house; the window was broken in, and I saw some glass laying on the ground; I saw a light, and heard a whispering - I looked through the shutters, and saw two men turning the papers over, and throwing them on the ground; I went for assistance, and the watchman came - I opened the shutters, and jumped in at the window - I took one of the prisoners by the collar, and put him out at the window to the watchman; I looked for the other - he hid himself for some time, and then got out of the window - I found on Jones a towel, some steel pens, some halfpence, a stick of Sealing-wax, and two or three keys; all the lower part of the sash was broken, and this instrument was standing against the window; I believe the shutters had been forced by this - the door was fast.
Jones. Q. Did not I come up the wharf when one of your people struck us? A. No, he jumped out of the window while we were looking for him, and began to beat the watchman who had charge of White, whom I had put out of the window.
DANIEL MONAHAN. I am a watchman. I went to the counting-house, and White was taken under the desk - Jones was looked for, but he got out of the window;there was no other way of getting in but by the window; the place was secure in all other respects.
WILLIAM MOORE. I am a watchman. I took charge of White when he was put out of the window by Scandlan and in a very few minutes Jones was coming out of the window, and I laid hold of him.
SAMUEL WILSON. I was constable of the night. I saw the things which were found on Jones - these are them.


                  HENRY 
                  FURNEAUX
               



            . These are my master's property; two desks had been broken open, also three cupboards; and another cupboard which they could not break open, they had broken all to pieces; and the other things were put together; my shoes had been in a drawer, but they were taken out.
Jones' Defence. I and this young man were drinking on the over night till past two o'clock in the morning - we were locked out, and went down a wharf to go on board a barge; we heard a rattle spring, and went up: the watchman met us, and struck this man on the head -I struck the watchman again, and Scandlan put these things into my hat, which he picked up from the wharf; he has often said he would do for me.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
WHITE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
