



749. 




EDWARD SMITH
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Kirkwood, on the 
4th of February, at the parish of 
St. Luke, and stealing therein two watches, value 2l., his goods.






ADOLPHUS ROSENBURG
. I am apprentice to Mr. Thomas Kirkwood, pawnbroker, Brick-lane, Old-street. It is his own house, and is in the parish of St. Luke, Middlesex—on the morning of the 4th of February, about nine o'clock, I was in the shop, and heard a noise in the window—I urned round, and saw the prisoner's hand in the window—I saw him plainly—the square of glass was entire before he broke it—I ran out, and he ran off with two watches, which I saw him take out of the window—I ran after him, crying "Stop thief," and the policeman stopped him—I saw him throw the watches down—one of them fell on a ledge over the baker's shop, and the other fell in the road—I took them up, and knew them to be Mr. Kirkwood's property—they are worth about 2l.—the window had been repaired the day before, and was sound at the time this occurred—I found pieces of glass within the window.

Prisoner. Q. Did you hear me break the window? A. No, but I heard the watches rattle—the window does not seem to have been knocked

in—the putty was quite fresh, being put in only the day before—it seemed as if some instrument had been put in to star the glass, and then it could be pushed in—I think it did not require force—there was an impression in three places in the putty.





JAMES ESSEX
 (police-constable G 68.) On the morning of the 4th of February I heard an alarm of "Stop thief" in Old-street, and saw the prisoner running—I overtook him—he wrestled very much to get away—I held him till Rosenburg came up, and said, "He has got some watches"—the prisoner immediately threw them out of his hand—the prosecutor got them—I shoted him into the shop, but found no property on him—the outer case of one watch fell on a baker's shop-window, and broke the works—as I was taking him along, he up with his hand, and struck me a violent blow in the mouth.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner. I saw the window broken, and being put of employ, I was tempted to take them.




GUILTY. Aged 18.—



Confined Two Years in the Penitentiary, and then 


Transported for Seven Years.
