



755. 



CHARLES EZEKIEL LOVETT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of February, 500 bricks, value 17s. 6d., the goods of 



John Burge.


MR. ADOLPHUS
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN BURGE
. I am a brick maker, and live at Islington. I supply Mr. M'Intosh, the contractor for the Greenwich railway—he wants forty millions of bricks—on the 11th of February, I employed the prisoner to cart five hundred bricks to the rail-road, on the other side of London bridge—I afterwards saw those bricks at Mr. Elston's, in the Old Bailey—they were the same sort of bricks as I delivered to him—they are worth 3s. 6d. per hundred—he had no authority to do any thing with them, but carry them to the rail-road—Elston's premises are directly out of his way.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long had he been in your employment? A. I suppose a week—I had seen him the previous evening, in the street near my own house, in Mount Pleasant—I did not tell him if he would get the tickets received at the railway, he might dispose of the bricks, so that he accounted to me for the proceeds—I never authorized him to sell any bricks—he did not tender me any money, when he was taken up, saying it was what Elston had paid him.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. If you had told him to deliver the bricks at Elston's, and get the ticket in at the rail-road, would that be a fraud? A. Certainly.





JOSEPH HATCH
. I am kilnman to Mr. Burge. On the 11th of February, I helped to load five hundred bricks into the prisoner's cart, and saw him drive off with them—he was to take them to the Greenwich railway, and nowhere else—his proper way would not be down the Old Bailey—it is out of his way altogether.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you ever present when Mr. Burge desired him to sell any bricks? A. Never—I have sold bricks for Mr. Burge.





WILLIAM ELSTON
. I am a builder, and live in the Old Bailey. The prisoner came to me several times to sell bricks—on Wednesday, the 11th of February, he sold me five hundred bricks—he brought them in his own cart and horse to me, at the Old Bailey—he called at my counting-house about four o'clock that afternoon—I have had cartage work done by him

several times—he said he had been doing some work for a man and could not get paid—that the money was between 11l. and 12l., and the man had agreed to supply him with bricks instead of money, and he wished me to take a few of him—I gave him 12s. 6d. for the five hundred—Mr. Burge afterwards saw the same bricks.

Cross-examined. Q. You knew him before? A. Yes, and had a good opinion of him—I gave him at the rate of 2s. 6d. a hundred—bricks vary from 28s. to 30s. a thousand—I considered 2s. 6d. a hundred a fair value for money—I have bought bricks much lower and much higher—the prisoner keeps his own horses and carts, and has worked for us two or three years—the bricks were not mixed with others.

Prisoner. Mr. Burge authorised me to sell bricks any where I could, and he was to settle with me on Tuesday, when he paid for my horse and cart.





JOHN BURGE
. I never authorized him to sell bricks—I ought to have settled with him on the Tuesday previous to this transaction—I pay him between ten and twelve o'clock, at my counting-house in the brick field—he came to me at night, and said he wanted his money—I said I would have paid him if he had been there at the proper time, and he must wait—he said, "Give me 5s. on account," which I did; and agreed with him to cart these five hundred bricks next morning.
(Julia Grundy, Liquorpond-street; Solomon Isaacs, carman, Leather-lane; Lewis Grundy, milkman, Laystall-street; and John Robinson, a labourer, gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
