






London Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1910. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of June

, 479 shawls, value 142l., and 5 packing-cases, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Williamson
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PEDLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously inciting, procuring, &c., the said Edward Smith to commit the said felony
            .
ROBERT WILLIAMSON. I am a shawl-agent and warehouseman
, and live in New-court, Bow-lane



. On the 30th of June, Pedley, whom I had known for some years, employed at the Carron-wharf, called about half-past eight o'clock in the morning; as I had often sent goods by him before - I went to the door, and I believe, before he asked me, I told him I should have two boxes containing goods, and three empty boxes, to send that day; I expected he would send a cart for them, but they were not ready then - I said they would be ready between eleven and twelve o'clock; they were to go down to Glasgow - I told him not to be later in sending than five or six; he said very well, if he did not come himself he would tell some one else to call; the boxes contained the four hundred and seventy-nine shawls, and I intended to entrust him with them; about twelve o'clock, or a little before, two strange men called - I was in the countinghouse; I thought they asked if the goods were ready for the Carron-wharf - I think Smith was one, but he did not ask for the goods; I asked my young man if they were ready - he said they were, and I told them they might have them; the three empty boxes were outside the door, addressed for the Carron Company; they might have read the directions - while my young man gave them the goods I was engaged with a customer; I fully believed they came from the Carron-wharf - as soon as I was disengaged from my customer, the man whom we have not found was waiting for the return-note from the Carron-wharf; my young man said he was waiting for beer, and I gave him 2d.; I then looked narrowly at him, and told him his face was not so familiar to me as some of the others - he said he had been seven years at the Carron-wharf, and he had been sent by the little man, who had been there in the morning.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Pedley you knew had been employed by the wharf? A. Yes, I had every confidence in him; he had called in the usual manner, but I thought he called rather earlier than usual - I believe he is what is called a trouncer; he comes with the carman, and has brought the cart himself.


                  JOHN 
                  SEAMELL
               



            . I am carman to Mr. Wilcox, of Consin-lane - he lets out carts. On a Saturday morning Smith came and hired a cart of my master; I was sent with it to New-court, Bow-lane, to know how long they should be - when we got there, Smith loaded the goods at Mr. Williamson's, and said they should not be long, they were only going to Bishopsgate-street; I then went home.
Cross-examined. Q. There was another person with Smith? A. Yes, it was not Pedley, but a man who is not here.


                  CHARLES 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am wharfinger at the Carronwharf. I know Pedley, but I do not know Smith; I never sent him, and the goods were never brought to the wharf.
Cross-examined. Q. You have known Pedley for some time? A. Yes; he has occasionally driven Sansom' carts.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTEB
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutor stated his loss to me on the Sunday morning; I took Pedley - I asked where he was on the Saturday, he said he went to the St. Katherine Dock at ten o'clock and worked till four, and received 2s. - I asked in what part of the dock; he said Nightingale-lane, and he answered to the name of Murphy.
Cross-examined. Q. I believe he was aware that some person had obtained the boxes? A. I believe he was, and he told what was not the truth.
Smith's Defence. A man came to me and asked me, to go and do a job in Bow-lane; I put the case into the cart, and he gave me 6d. and a pint of beer - the boy knows I have hired carts before.
JOHN SEAMELL. He has hired carts before.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PEDLEY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
