






1327. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HANDCOCK
               





             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMSON
               





             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th July
, 1 jacket, value 4s.; 1 shirt, value 2s. 6d.; 1 pair of boots, value 4s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 knife, value 5d.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 box, value 6d.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Lane
               




            .
WILLIAM LANE. I am an excavator
, and live at Dover. On Wednesday evening, the 17th of July, I went into the Rodney's Head public-house, in Old-street


, at ten minutes before nine o'clock, and asked if I could have a bed - the mistress said I could - I called for a pint of beer, and went into the tap-room to drink it - I sat down and fell asleep, as I had walked from Uxbridge - there was no one in the box when I sat down - the articles stated were in a short smock-frock by my side - when I sat down I had a tobacco-box in my right waistcoat pocket, and a knife in my right hand breeches pocket - I slept about a quarter of an hour, and when I awoke, the prisoner Handcock was sitting on my right side - he asked me whether I was going to treat him with some beer - he was a stranger to me - I said I was not going to give him any - there was no other person there - I missed my bundle, and on putting my hand into my pocket I missed my money, my knife, and tobacco-box - I saw the boots, the shirt, the knife, and the tobacco-box, the same night.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLT
               



            . I am a carpenter - I was sitting in front of the bar that night, and saw the prosecutor come in with a bundle - he went into the tap-room, and in a few minutes, the two prisoners and another man came in - the two prisoners went into the tap-room, and the other person remained outside - there was nobody else in the tap-room - Williamson sat down on the prosecutor's right hand, and the other on his left - they remained there ten minutes or a quarter of an hour - Williamson and the other then went away, leaving Handcock in the box with the prosecutor - I heard the prosecutor complain that he had los this bundle - I went into the tap-room, and told Handcock there had been no one there but him, and the person who came with him - he denied all knowledge of them - I got an officer, who took Handcock - I went with the officer to the Windsor Castle, where we found Williamson, and these shoes - this shirt was by his side - he was taken to the station-house, and this box was found on him - the knife and 7 1/2d. were found on Handcock.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POYNE
               



            . I am a pot-boy at the Rodney's Head- I saw the prosecutor there - Handcock, Williamson, and another person came in - they sat down on each side of the prosecutor - Williams and the other went away in about ten minutes, leaving Handcock there - they had one pint of beer between them - they all joined in drinking it.


                  HENRY 
                  COLEE
               



             (police-constable G 126). I went to the Rodney's Head and took William Handcock - I found this box and 7 1/2d. upon him, which is what the prosecutor stated he had lost - I then went to the Windsor Castle, and there I found Williamson, and this property by his side - this knife was found on him at the station-house.


                  JOHN 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . I was a serjeant of the police - I found this knife on Williamson.
WILLIAM LANE. These articles are mine - I had 7 1/2d. about me - I can swear I had more, but I cannot say what other money I had.
Williamson's Defence. When I went into the Windsor Castle, these things were there.
HANDCOCK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
WILLIAMSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
