



217. 




JAMES WATTS
 was indicted

, for that he, having been convicted as an Utterer of counter fait coin, did afterwards, on the 
2nd of December, unlawfully, unjustly, deceitfully, and feloniously utter and put off to one 




John Morris a counterfeit half-crown, well knowing it to be counterfeited


The Hon.
MR. SCARLETT
and
MR. ELLIS
conducted the Prosecution.






MR. CALER EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of James Waltts, with another, for uttering counterfeit coin at Middlesex Sessions, Dec. 1833. I have examined it with the original record at the office of the clerk of the peace, and it is correct (read.)





JOHN FISHWICH SUMMERSELL
. I am a turnkey of the House of Correction, Coldhath-fields. I am acquainted with the prisoner's person—he was convicted in January, and was in my custody after his conviction.





JANE MORRIS
. I am the daughter of John Morris, a publican, in Sandy-row, Petticoat-lane, which leads out of Bishopsgate-street. I know the prisoner from seeing him at our house on Monday morning, the 30th of November—I had never seen him before, to my knowledge—I have not a doubt of his being the person—It was about eight o'clock in the morning—he came to the bar with another man—the prisoner called for two three halfpenny worth of gin and peppermint—I served him, and he offered me

a half-crown, for which I gave him 2s. 3d.—he took the change, and went away—my father came down stairs, and was in the bar when the prisoner went away—I gave my father the half-crown—It had not been out of my hand till then.





JOHN MORRIS
. I saw the prisoner on Monday morning, the 30th of November—my daughter was at the bar, and sent up for some money to give change—I came down with the money, and saw the prisoner and another man with him—my daughter said she wanted change for a half-crown, which she gave me in the prisoner's presence—I discovered it was bad the moment the prisoner was gone, and I put it on the shelf in my bar—It remained there till I gave it to the officer, who afterwards took him into custody—I can positively declare I gave him the same half-crown—I know it by a mark—the prisoner came in with the same man on the Wednesday evening, about five o'clock—I was in the bar alone—they asked for two drops of gin—I knew them again the moment they came into the house—after serving them, the prisoner tendered me half-a-crown—I looked at it, and found it was good, and was in the act of putting it into the till, and giving him change, when he said he thought he had halfpence enough to pay for it—It came to three-pence—he had some halfpence in his hand, and he turned to his companion, and asked him if he had got a halfpenny—his comapnion said he thought he had—he fumbled in his waistcoat pocket, and then replied that he had not—upon that the prisoner said, "Then you must give me change"—he immediately put another half-crown down on the counter, and the moment I took it up, I discovered it was a bad one—I then turned myself sideways from the counter to go into my barparlour—I had a policeman in the parlour, and was turning round to call him to take them both into custody, when the one who stood next to the door, seeing my motive, walked out of the house—he stood close against the door—I did not see at what pace he went away—the prisoner staid at the bar—I came back with the policeman—when I was going from the counter to my bar-parlour, the prisoner said "Never mind about change, you can give me the half-crown I have got three-pence," and he put three penny-pieces on the counter—he had before asked his companion for a halfpenny—I brought the policeman round, and gave him in charge, and then he took the three penny pieces off the counter, and put them into his pocket—I gave the half-crown to the policeman—also the one which had been passed on Monday—I took it from the shelf where I had put it.





EDWARD KIRBY DARLING
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody on the 2nd of December—I saw him at the bar—I saw him take up the three-pence, and put it in his left hand waistcoat pocket—I took him to the station-house, and searched him, but found nothing more than three penny pieces—I received two bad half-crowns from Mr. Morris, and have had them ever since—I marked them.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coins to the Mint. These half-crowns are both counterfeit, and both impressed from the same mould—they are alike in every respect—I can speak with confidence about their being from the same mould—In the letters of the word "Gratis," there is a defect in the mould.

Prisoner's Defence. On Monday morning, the 30th of November, I was at a lady's house in Union-place, Carta in-road, at seven o'clock, and never left until nine o'clock—I then accompanied the lady to Bartholomew's Hospital to see her daughter, and never left her till half-past ten o'clock.





ANN NEGUS
. I live in Union-place, Curtain-road. I am very little acquainted with the prisoner—he was at my house on Monday the 30th of

November, at a little after seven in the morning—he said until half-past eight o'clock—I am not exactly certain that it was half-past eight o'clock, but he went with me to St. Bartholomew's Hospital—we had to be there by nine o'clock, and we came out at ten o'clock—It takes us half an hour to walk there—we went together—he remained there with me till a quarter past ten o'clock—he walked back with me, as far as White cross-street, and I parted with him there—I never lost sight of him in the mean time.

MR. SCARLETT. Q. How far is Petticoat-lane from your house? A. I suppose about a quarter of a mile—I do not know Mr. Morris's, at all—I went to see a friend of mine at the hospital—I was very little acquainted with the prisoner—I saw him on Sunday in the Curtain-road—he has a stable there—he said, "How is Mrs. King?"—I said, "She is in the hospital"—he said he should like to see her—I said, "Well, I am going to-morrow morning, if you like to come, you can go with me, but do not keep me waiting"—he came to my house a little after seven o'clock, and breakfasted with my sons—my little girl, twelve years old, was there, who helps to get breakfast for the family every morning—I know it was the 30th of November, because I went to the hospital that morning, and have not been since.

COURT. Q. Did you know when he was taken up? A. I did not know it till he was taken to the compter—I am not sure whether that was not on the Thursday week after, and when I saw him at the Manison-house I asked him what brought him there—he said he was accused of a bad half-crown on the Monday—they had sent me word that he was taken—I went before the Lord Mayor the same day.

MR. SCARLETT. Q. Did he breakfast with you? A. He did with my sons—I had my breakfast very early—they breakfasted at seven o'clock, or a few minutes after—I breakfasted before them—they breakfasted in the parlour—the kitchen is a small room, not large enough for my family—I was in the room when they breakfasted—my son did not go with me to the hospital—he did not know the person I went to see—he was forced to be at work—It was Mrs. King, my daughter, who was in the hospital.

COURT. Q. You are sure you went before the Magistrate on the Thursday week, after you went to the hospital, it was not the same week? A. I believe it was the same week—It was the Monday before he was at the Compter—It was the same week that I went before the Lord Mayor that I went to the hospital with him—I am quite sure it was not the week after—I am quite sure it was the same week.

MR. SCARLETT. Q. On which side of the table did the prisoner sit at breakfast? A. On the right hand side—the window is on the left hand—he sat with his face towards the window—my sons sat opposite each other—I am quite sure my sons went no part of the way towards the hospital.

COURT. Q. Had you any gin and water that morning? A. Nothing at all—I am not in the habit of drinking gin, or gin and water—the prisoner did not have any, to my knowledge—I staid at the hospital an hour—they do not let us in till nine o'clock, and then we are out about ten o'clock—there is only an hour allowed—the prisoner staid with me the whole time—my son is too frightened to come here—he said he should never go out alive if he came.





HENRY NEGUS
. The prisoner was at my father's and mother's house, on the 30th of November, and he breakfasted with me, and my brother, and mother—he came at seven o'clock, or a little after—I had seen him two or

three times before at my mother's house—he never breakfasted at our house before—I do not know how long he staid at breakfast—I do not know at what time he went away—I had to go out with a cab at half-past seven o'clock—I left my brother there—he is out now with a cab—that is all I know—we are both cab drivers—I believe he came that morning to go to see my sister at the hospital—he knew my sister before.

MR. ELLIS. Q. How many of you were there at breakfast? A. Me, my brother, sister, and mother—I am quite sure all four were there—my mother breakfasted with us—I am quite sure of that; my mother had toast and tea, and bread and butter for breakfast—we all sat down to breakfast together—we were all sitting down to breakfast when the prisoner came in—the prisoner sat on the right hand side of the room when he came in—the window is on the left hand side—I sat close to the window—I know it was on the 30th of November, for I was told so by my mother on the morning, as I asked about the day of the month—I asked her what the day of the month was, about three o'clock in the afternoon, when I came in to change horses—I ask the day of the month almost every day I go out, in case any body might dupe me—I know the 30th was the day the prisoner was there.

COURT. Q. Which side of the room is the window? A. The window is on the left hand side of the room—my mother sat near the fire, and my sister and me as near the fire as could be—my sister is not here.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Littledale.

