





1836. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of August
, 1 purse, value 6d., and 8s., the property of a person unknown, from his person
            .


                  EDMUND 
                  LANCASTER
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 1st of August I was in the Strand


, between six and seven o'clock in the evening; it was a few minutes before their Majesties came from the opening of London-bridge -I saw the prisoner near Hungerford-street, and two or three others very near him; I saw the prisoner and another mix with the crowd when their Majesties came by - I watched them, and soon afterwards saw the prisoner's hand in a gentleman's trousers pocket - he drew out his hand, and this purse was hanging in it; I seized his hand, and the purse twisted round my finger - his companion struckme on the ear, and knocked me down; Styles came to my assistance - we were both beaten about a great deal, but I still kept hold of the prisoner.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Did you know the prisoner before? A. No; the officers were standing in a line, about eight yards apart - the pressure was so great that the gentleman could not hear me; he was carried away with the crowd - I was struck the very moment I caught hold of the prisoner.
COURT. Q. Are you able to say whether the prisoner himself struck you? A. He struck me several times, but not at that moment - he and I had a fight up as far as St. Martin's church.


                  JAMES 
                  STYLES
               



            . I was on duty, and saw Lancaster engaged with the prisoner and another; I went up, and Lancaster said, "Secure that hand, he has got some money in it" - I seized the prisoner's hand, which was then up, and found 8s. in it.
Cross-examined. Q. How far were you off? A. Not two yards; I did not see the person who lost the purse, the confusion was so great, and we were so ill-used.
Prisoner's Defence. The property belonged to me - I believe I have people here to prove it; there was 8s. 6d. in the purse, and I took it out to lend a young man sixpence- the Policeman took hold of it; I said, "You shall not have it;" he said he would - I said, "Mind, there is 8s. 6d."


                  CAROLINE 
                  DAVIS
               



            . My husband is a broker. I have known the prisoner about twenty years; on the day the bridge was opened, I had seen him from about twelve o'clock to between six and half-past six - he then went out, and did not return; I know he had a dark red purse, with some silver, as he had been taking shillings and sixpences for allowing people to see the sight on the water.
COURT. Q. You do not live with him? A. No; my husband is a furniture-broker - I went to Arundel-street, where the prisoner lives, to see the sight; the prisoner has been employed by my husband these three months, to carry furniture; I saw the purse in his hand that evening, and saw him put money into it - I have seen the purse before, but not to notice it; it is a silk purse.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  READ
               



            . My husband was an outrider, and lives at Hampstead. On the 1st of August I was in Arundel-street, at a house which the prisoner's mother has the care of; I saw the prisoner receive several shillings from persons who came to see the procession - I did not see any purse.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
