



343. 




ROBERT SMITH
. was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of December, at 
St. Dionis, Back Church, I piece of handkerchief, value 3l.; 34 handkerchiefs, value 6l. 7s; and two yards of silk, value 9s.; the goods of 




John William Monnery and another, in the dwelling-house of 




Eward Josiah Monnery.






WILLIAM NEWMAN
. I am in the employ of Messrs. John William

Monnery and Edward Josiah Monnery, hosiers, glovers, and out-fitters,0 No. 165, Fenchurch-street. On the 29th of December, about five minutes to six o'clock, I was in the shop walking from behind the counter, to another counter on the left-hand, and hearing somebody come into the shop, I turned my head and saw the prisoner making towards a pile of handkerchiefs—I did not know him before, but I am certain of him—there are seven gas-burners in the shop—he went towards the handkerchiefs and took them off the pile—he left about two pieces on the counter—he took about forty-eight handkerchiefs, being eleven or twelve pieces of different lengths—he made towards the door and ran out directly—I ran after him calling out, "Stop thief"—he was not brought back for half an hour, but he was stopped eight or ten doors from the shop, within two minutes of his leaving the shop—I saw him stopped and taken into our shop—I saw two pieces of handkerchiefs drop from him—he had then all in his arms till the constable took hold of him, and he still had some under his arm.





EDWARD JOSIAH MONNERY
. I am in partnership with my brother, John William Monnery. This shop is ours—it is the bottom part of my dwelling-house—my brother does not live there—I did not see any part of the transaction—I saw the goods brought back by the constable—they were the joint property of myself and brother.





JOSIAH EVANS
. I am an officer. On the night of the 29th of December I was at the end of Fenchurch-street, within a few doors of the prosecutor's shop—I heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I looked from Fenchurch-street towards their shop, and saw the prisoner running down in the centre of the road—I got into the middle of the road, extended my arms, and caught him with the property in his possession—two or three pieces fell into the road—I took him into the shop—I produce the property which I found on him.

MR. MONNERY. re-examined. These are all the property of myself and brother, and are worth above 9l.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not take the handkerchiefs out of the shop—another person took them, and I took them of him as be came out—I was coming towards the shop, and he threw them into my arms.




GUILTY
. Aged 16—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

