



1894. 




EDWARD SPITTLE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of July, at 
St. Marylebone, 21 spoons, value 13l.; 12 forks, value 8l.; 1 tea-pot, value 12l.; 1 cream jug, value 4l. 10s.; 1 butter-knife, value 1l.; 5s.; 1 pair of sugar tongs, value 1l. 5s.; 2 salt-cellars, value 4l.; 1 fruit knife, value 5s.; and 2 seals, value 10s.; the goods of 



Juliana Stratford Mariana Eyre, his mistress, in her dwelling-house.







HON. JULIANA STRATFORD MARIANA EYRE
. I live at No. 34, Cumberland-street, Bryanston-square. The prisoner came into my employ as footman on the 16th of May—on the morning of the 17th I put my place in his care, and gave him a list of it, which I have here—it consisted of the property stated in the indictment—in consequence of something which occurred he gave me warning on the 9th of July to leave me in a month—on the morning of the 14th I came down to breakfast, with my watch in my hand, at a quarter before eleven o'clock—there were no breakfast things set, only table-cloth was on the table, and on inquiry I found he had left—I went down to his pantry with my landlord, who happened to be in the house—I found the door locked, and the window fast—I caused the door to be opened, and every thing was gone except the plated articles.

Prisoner. I was told by my fellow-servants I should be discharged as soon as she came down to breakfast—I wish to know whether she had not a key of the pantry as well as myself? Witness. I had not a key of the pantry—my landlord tried the key of the housekeeper's room, and that opened it, but I did not know it would do so before—I did not see the prisoner again till he was in custody—I found his list on the dresser when he was gone, and he has indorsed on the back of it the date on which he gave me warning.





ELLEN CASAY
. I am cook to Miss Eyre. The last time I saw the prisoner was about nine o'clock in the morning—he went out, and said he was going to get a bill receipted at the fishmonger's, to give mistress—he did not say he was going away—the pantry door was locked—he never went up to answer the street door without locking his pantry—none of the plate was left in the house.

Prisoner. Q. Was I not told in your presence that I should be discharged as soon as my mistress came down to breakfast? Witness. A. you were not—I never heard it—I did not hear the lady's maid say so—you asked me about a laundress, and said you might as well take some things to be washed, as you were going out.





GEORGE FINDLAY
. I am policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on the 8th of August, but found nothing on him—the plate has never been found.

Prisoner's Defence. The lady's maid told me I should be discharged.

MISS EYRE
re-examined. The tea-pot was worth much more than 5l.—I could not replace it for 15l.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported For Life.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Justice Williams.
