



2164. 




JAMES GREEN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
8th of September 1/2lb. of soap, value 6d.; oz. of tea, value 2s., 5 sovereigns, 1 half-crown, 11 shillings, 7 sixpences, 3 fourpenny-pieces, and two pence; the goods and monies of 



Thomas Pitman, his master.






THOMAS PITMAN
. I am a grocer, and live in Tottenham-court-road. I set the prisoner up in business on his own account, in Brook-street, Holborn—the house was mine—I let it to him—the business did not answer, and I let the house to another person—in April last, I saw the prisoner again—he said he was in a state of starvation, and wished me to give him employment, which I agreed to—he and his wife lived over some stables of mine, in China-mews—I missed a sovereign and a half from the till, and on the Friday afterwards I missed more—on Thursday, the 8th of September, I marked eight half-crowns, and ten shillings—I put four half-crowns and five shillings into the till, and delivered the rest to the officer before any thing happened—I sent Fostick to Purchase 1lb. of ten and 6lbs. of sugar at my shop; and after that sent Davis for 1lb. of coffee and 3lbs. of moist sugar—I saw Fostick have some of the marked money to make the purchase with—I kept in the passage adjoining the shop—when I came back, in about twenty minutes, I found the prisoner there—went to the till, and there was nearly 1l. of money in it not marked, and four half-crowns and five shillings marked—I found I was 15s. or 16s. short—I said nothing to the prisoner then—I looked into the bottom till, and found a half-sovereign—a person had been and charged half-a-sovereign, so I could not tell what marked money was gone—I set the shopman to inquire, in my presence, of the prisoner who he took the half-sovereign of—he said he did not know, and could not recollect what goods he took it for—he owned to receiving the half-sovereign, and giving change for it, but did not say what change he gave—I then pressed him, and asked him from whom he took the half-sovereign—at last he said he had sold 1lb. of sugar and 1oz. of tea, and had given 9s. change—I asked who he took it of—he said he could not tell—I said it was a bad half-sovereign, and if he did not tell me who he took it of, I would make him pay it—he said he took it of a dirty boy living next door to Lake's, the chimney-sweeper's—I told him to take me to him, instead of which he took me to a house at the corner of George-street—I saw the master there, and asked him in the prisoner's presence if he had sent half-a-sovereign to my shop for goods—he said he had—I asked him if he had the change in his pocket—he said he had—he put his hand into his pocket and took the change out—he had seven marked shillings, two not marked, and sixpence, and 2 1/4d.—I sent the prisoner home, and when I came back I met him coming out of the shop—I called him into the parlour, and told him he had been robbing me, which he denied—I asked if he recollected serving two men with tea and coffee—he said he had—I said, "They are officers, and have marked money, and you have made away with one half-crown and other money, and you have one half-crown in your possession"—he then began to cry—I did not—I told him it would be better for him to tell the truth, or worse if he did not—I told him to turn his pockets out, and he did—he had a good shilling, a bad one, and a good sixpence—he then said, "The money I took from the till I threw away in the cellar, and can fetch it"—I went with him with a light, and the shopman found a marked half-crown, two shillings, two fourpenny-pieces, and one sixpence—I then gave him in charge—denied having any more money

about his person, but when he was searched, upwards of 5l. was found on him, which he acknowledged to taking from my till in a very short time.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What did he say? A. He said it was my property—he said he had been in great distress—that his clothes were all in pawn, and he took it to get them redeemed—he has been in better circumstances—he fell into distress—he has a wife and family—I have known him nearly twenty years—I retook him on account of his family.





EDMUND DAVIS
. I am a policeman. I received some marked money from the prosecutor on the 8th of September, and marked it again myself—I gave two to Fostitck, and kept two myself—I went to Mr. Pitman's shop, and found the prisoner there—I purchased 1lb. of coffee, 3lbs. of sugar, and gave him two marked half-crowns—he put them into the till, and gave me a sixpence and three-halfpence in change—I took the coffee next door, where Mr. Pitman was—I went into Mr. Pitman's parlour in about five minutes, and the prisoner was there—I gave Mr. Pitman the marked half-crown which I had given to the prisoner for the coffee and sugar—he said he had taken them out of the cellar—I asked the prisoner if he had any more money about him—I took up some four penny-pieces, a sixpence, and bad shilling, off the table—on searching the prisoner, I found five sovereign in a purse—I asked him who the money belonged to—he would make no answer in my hearing, till after I had been to see his wife, and searched the place—he afterwards said it was Mr. Pitman's money—I went to his house, and found some soap and other things.

Cross-examined. Q. What had Mr. Pitman said to him before he said it was his money? A. Nothing—he did not ask him any questions in my presence.

Prisoner. The money belongs to my brother-in-law, which he paid me. Witness. He said nothing about his brother-in-law.




GUILTY
. Aged 42.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
