





577. 




ROBERT JENKINS
 and 




EDWARD BEASLEY



were indicted for stealing, on the 
29th of January, 1 copper. value 10s., the goods of 



John Herrick, and fixed to a building, against the statute, &c.






JOHN HERRICK
. I live in George-street, St. Giles. On the 29th of January, before half-past one o'clock in the morning, I was in bed in the back-parlour, and heard a noise in my back-garden. I opened the door and looked into the street—Beasley was standing outside on the pavement to the best of my belief—I turned towards the back-door, and saw the other prisoner in the back-yard—he came up towards me—I collared him, and asked what he did there—he said he was only in the privy—he had no right in my yard at that time of night—I kept him in custody, and called my son, who was in bed, in the one pair back-room—he came, and called an officer—I saw Beasley in custody about a quarter of an hour afterwards—both their hands had the marks of bricks and mortar and the black of the copper on them—I found the copper in the washhouse had been taken out of its place—I had seen it fixed at nine o'clock at night—I cannot swear to Beasley, but to the best of my belief it was him—it was a good distance for me to see.
Beasley. He never looked at my hands—he says he saw me outside the door, and it is false.





HENRY HERRICK
. I am the prosecutor's son—my father called me down, and I found him holding Jenkins—I did not see Beasley—Jenkins's hands were marked with bricks and mortar, and the frock he had no was white from the mortar—he had lodged a few nights at my father's—we keep beds for poor people—I went for a policeman, and he came and took him—I had seen the two prisoners about eight or nine o'clock the same evening going by my father's door.





EDMUND DAVIS
. I am a policeman. I was sent for to take the prisoner Jenkins, and found him in the possession of Mr. Herrick—I took him into the back-yard, and found the copper displaced from the brick-work—I took him to the station-house, and proceeded to his lodging in Jones's-court Bainbridge-street—Beasley lodges there with him—I found this chisel there—Beasley was in bed with his clothes not quite off, and his cap on—I examined the marks on the brick-work with this chisel, and they corresponded exactly—there are several notches in this chisel which had left mark on the mortar and brick-work—it could not have been taken there by Jenkins, because I had him in custody.

Jenkins. When the Magistrate asked him if there were any marks on the copper, he said no—I cannot see how it is feasible that the cooper could be worked out without leaving some marks—Beasley was not with me at all. Witness. The copper had only been fitted two days—there was mortar on the chisel—both their hands were black—Beasley had just got into bed.

Beasley's Defence. I swear I was not with him after nine o'clock, when I went down George-street at the time the witness saw us—I had been in the room about twenty minutes, and was just getting into bed, when a noise came to the door, and in came two policemen—Jenkins was not with me, and did not know the robbery was committed.

JENKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

BEASLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported for Seven Years.
