





Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
1534. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of September
, 1 bag, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 1 smelling-bottle, value 5s.; 2 keys, value 2d.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Clarke
                        



                     
                  ; 1 purse, value 1s.; and 2 half-crowns, the goods and monies of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Danby
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Mary Ann 
                           Clarke
                        



.


                  MARY 
                  ANN CLARKE
               



            . I am the wife
 of Daniel Clarke. On the 13th of September I was walking on Hampstead-heath


, between half-past four and five o'clock in the afternoon with my sister-in-law - my servant was attending me - I had a reticule on my arm, and suddenly felt it cut from my arm - on looking round, I saw the prisoner making his escape across Hampstead-heath with it - I called, "Stop thief" - a gentleman, on the opposite side of the way, who heard me cry, pursued, and ultimately secured him in my sight - he threw the bag away - it was afterwards found, and restored to me - it contained two keys, a cambric pocket handkerchief, a purse, a handkerchief, and smelling bottle, that belonged to me; and two half-crowns belonging to my sister-in-law, who is the wife of Henry Danby.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is there any possibility that you may be mistaken in the prisoner's person? A. Not the least - nobody else was near, except my servant - I saw no other boy there - there could be no other without my seeing him.


                  REBECCA 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Clarke. I was walking with her, and saw the prisoner and another young man come forward to meet her - I saw the prisoner take hold of the bag, catch it from her arm, and run across the heath - I am not certain whether it was him cut the bag from her arm, or the other young man, but the prisoner took it from her arm - a gentleman pursued him, and he threw it away - I saw it picked up, on the spot where I saw it thrown - I never lost sight of the prisoner till he was taken - I saw him delivered to the policeman.
Cross-examined. Q. How near was the other young man to your mistress? A. He was close by my mistress - the prisoner and him were both close together - the young men were quite visible to my mistress.


                  JOHN 
                  FREETHY
               



            . I am a policeman. I received the prisoner from the gentleman who took him - the gentleman asked him what he cut the string with - he made him no answer.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
