



502. 




HENRY CHAPPELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of December, 2 pieces of handkerchiefs, value 3l. 3s., the goods of 



William Mair and others, his masters.






JOHN ROE
. I am a City officer. In consequence of information, I went to Mr. Hair's, in Wailing-street, on Monday, the 16th of January—I took the prisoner, whom I found there, into a private room, and said, "You have been robbing your master?"—he denied it—I said, "You have, and conveyed the property to a lad named Caudell," which he still denied—he said he lived at No. 18, Sadler's-buildings, Goswell street—I went there with Mr. Mair (leaving the prisoner at the warehouse) and found a silk handkerchief in the room he occupied—he had but one room—the rooms are on a landing, round the repository—I saw a woman there who represent herself to be his wife, and whom I have seen with, him since—I found these handkerchiefs, and took them to Mr. Mair's warehouse—they were produced to the prisoner—they are not the property named in this indictment—Mr. Mair asked the prisoner to account for the possession of this property—he cried, and seemed very much hurt—Mr. Mair, said "How many pieces of handkerchiefs have you robbed me of?"—He then said, "Only two."





JAMES FRANCIS
. I am waiter at the Rose and Crown, Leadenhall-Market I bought this handkerchief from Caudell, and have had it in my possession—he owed me a debt.





JOHN CACDELL
. I live in Paul's-head Court, Fenchurch-street. The prisoner was in the habit of coming to the Rose and Crown where I used to job—I had a piece of seven handkerchiefs from him two of three months ago—he asked if I could dispose of them—I was to give him half-a-crown a piece for them, and what I made over that I was to keep—I sold this one to Francis for 3s.—I had had many of the prisoner before a man named Kibble had two off another piece—I did not receive the two pieces at the same time.





WILLIAM MAIR
. I have two partners—we are warehousemen, and live in Watling-street. The prisoner was in our employ for about eight months I went to his lodging, and on my return I told the prisoner he had been robbing me—I had ascertained that fact—I asked bow many pieces he had been robbing me of—he said two—I can swear to the one produced by Francis—it has part of our ticket on it now—it must hare been taken in a piece, as we have no single handkerchiefs—I am sure it was part of our stock—the prisoner never purchased any of us.

JURY. Q. There are tickets attached to all the goods you send out? A. Yet—we were in the habit of sending him out with articles of this description, to deliver.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—Recommended to mercy.—


Transportedfor Seven Years.


