



2226. 




MARY GOULDING
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
10th of October, at 
St. Andrew, Holborn, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-chain, value 1l.; 3 seals, value 1l.; 1 watch-key, value 5s.; and 3 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; the goods of 



Joseph Mills, her master, in his dwelling-house.






MARY ANN MILLS
. I am the wife of Joseph Mills, an undertaker and upholsterer, in Harper-street, Bedford-row, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn. The prisoner came into my service on the 9th of October, and next day I missed this property—she went away on Friday evening, the 9th, at night, and came again on the Saturday—she did not sleep in the house—she went away a few minutes after five o'clock, on the 10th, without my knowledge—my husband had been out a little way, and when he came home, the prisoner was absent—she had gone out at the back door, without any notice, and left the door open—I did not see her go, but in a few minutes I found the door open, and she was gone—I went up-stairs,

and missed the watch from my bed-room mantel-piece, on the second floor—I came down stairs, and missed other things, but have not found them—the things that have been found are stated in the indictment, and I missed a pair of silver spectacles, in a steel case, and two more handkerchiefs which have not been found.





WILLIAM CUAFFERS, JUN
. I am pawnbroker, and live with my father in Greek-street, Soho. The prisoner pawned this watch on the 10th of October, with a chain, three seals, and a key, for 25s., in the name of Mary Goulding—it is worth about 50s.—it was about three o'clock.





MARY ANN MILLS

re-examined. This is our watch, and has my husband's name on it—I am certain it is his—I saw it on the mantel-piece about the middle of the day—the chain, seals, and key are also his—the prisoner went away near upon five o'clock—it was after three o'clock on the Saturday—I saw her in the house a little after three o'clock—it might be a little before five o'clock that she went away—it was not as early as three o'clock—she was up stairs in the parlour, and I in the kitchen—she might have gone out during that time.

Prisoner. I did not leave the house till half-past five o'clock.





CHARLES COOPER
. I am a policeman. I had information of the robbery on Sunday evening, the 11th of October, and on Monday I saw the prisoner in Peter-street, St. James's—I told her she must go with me—asked her what she had done with the things—I saw these three handkerchiefs lying on a cradle—she then took them up and gave them to me—asked her what she had done with the watch—she said she had pawned it in Greek-street for 25s., and had destroyed the duplicate—I went to Chaffer's, and found the watch pawned there—she said the three handkerchiefs, found in her room, were part of the property she had taken from Mrs. Mills.

MRS. MILLS. These handkerchiefs belong to my husband—the prisoner had washed them on the Friday night.





JOSEPH MILLS
. This is my watch, chain, and seals—they are worth fifty or sixty shillings.

Prisoner. I leave it to the mercy of the court.




GUILTY of stealing under the value of 5l. Aged 17.—Recommended to mercy by the prosecutor.
—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.

