



2382. 




JAMES DOWNES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of October, 38 tooth-brushes, value 31s.; 6 pincushions, value 6s.; 2 silk-winders, value 2s.; and 1 ivory hoop, value 4s.; the goods of 



Daniel Staight, his master.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution,






DANIEL STAIGHT
. I live in Charles-street, and am an ivory and pearl worker. The prisoner was in my service as a porter—on Wednesday, the 18th of October, in consequence of suspicion, I caused him to be taken into custody by Baylis the officer—these articles were produced, and are my property.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. How long had he been in your service? A. Four or five years—my foreman serves in my shop, but no one else—these happen to be a little old stock, and I have the fellows to match—they are not to be matched in the kingdom—I have never sold any of this kind—these were a dead stock, and have been by me six or seven years—they were in one of the drawers with some other things in the front shop—they are quite stained in colour—the pincushion is a common pattern, but old-fashioned—I have had these seven, eight, or nine years—these pearl goods I have not had so long—I had them as samples from a gentleman—the foreman has nothing to do with selling articles—my son has, but be is not here—I have never bought any tooth-brushes from Paris—these three are all nail-brushes.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are the articles your property? Q. They are, and the tooth-brushes too.





ELIZABETH CODACK
. I was in service at No. 3, Newgate-street—the prisoner was paying his addresses to me—he gave me three pincushions, two silk-winders, and an ivory hoop—they are here—he told me he bought them.

Cross-examined. Q. How long ago is it? A. About three months, the last things—the others, upwards of a twelvemonth.





RICHARD WINCH
. I am in the service of the prosecutor. Last Saturday night week I found a parcel of tooth-brushes under some hay, in the mill-house—the prisoner would have access to that place—it was his business to take care of the horse.

Cross-examined. Q. How many persons were on Mr. Staight's premises? A. I and another workman under the foreman, Mr. Staight, and to family—neither the foreman nor the other workmen live in the house, nor does the prisoner.





FRANCES DOWNES
. I live in Bury-street, Somers-town, and am the prisoner's step-mother—he put these three pincushions on my mantel-piece—he did not give them to me—I gave them to the officer.

Cross-examined. Q. When was this? A. Ten or eleven months ago—they have remained there ever since—I have known him since he was three years old—I never knew any thing wrong him—Mr. Staight's son has come several times to my house.





RICHARD BAYLIS
. I am a constable. I took the prisoner on the 18th of October—I found on him a key—I went to his lodgings, and opened a box and found these three brushes and these pincushions—I told him what I had found—he said, these three brushes he bought of a brushmaker, in Red Lion-street, Holborn—and the pincushion he knew nothing

about—I afterwards received from Hill and the other person, the rest of the goods that Mr. Staight claimed.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you tell him what you charged him with? A. Yes, and he said he was innocent.
(Property produced, and sworn to.)
(Joseph Storer, of Bidborough-street, Burton Crescent, a piano-forte maker; Charles Nicholls, a steel-pen maker, 8, John-street, Maiden-lane; and William Ross, of St. Luke's, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.—Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
