



394. 




HANNAH HAHEARN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
24th of December, at the parish of 
Christ Church, Surrey, 61 yards of silk, value 6l.; and 1 wooden roller, value 2d.; the goods 



William White and another, in their dwelling—house.






WILLIAM AMBROSE
. I am in the service of William White and his partner, silk—mercers, in Blackfriar's-road—neither of them reside in the house—the servants live in the house. On the 24th of December, about half—past three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to the shop, and asked for some silk to make a bonnet—I showed her a variety of pieces, and sold her a small quantity off one of them—I had occasion to turn my back for a few minutes, and as I came back I saw her take this piece of silk off the counter, and place it under her cloak—she purchased a few small articles, and paid for them, and was leaving the shop—when about half way out, this piece of silk dropped form under her cloak on the floor—she took it up again, and placed it again under her cloak—she went to a counter in another part of the shop—I there charged her with stealing the silk, and found it under her cloak—the end of the silk was wound round her arm at the time I found it, and the roller was falling on the ground—I went for an officer—it was sixty—one yards of silk, and worth 6l. at the retail price; the wholesale price would be shout 5l. 15s.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Would there be only 5s. difference between the wholesale and retail price? A. That is all—the silk was in a rumpled state, as she had dropped it once—there was not fifty of sixty yards trailing along the ground—it was nearly on the ground where she stood—we took her into the private part of the house to search her, but found nothing but a few shillings, and the articles she had purchased—there might be about a hundred persons in the shop, including the shopmen—the firm is White and Greenwell—there are only two partners.

Prisoner's Defence. I am actually innocent of the crime.
(Elizabeth Carey, the wife of a shoemaker, at Chelsea; Samuel Samuels, a cane—dyer; and Cornelius Connel. a shoemaker, at Whitechapel; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Recorder.

