





1098. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of March
, 3 breasts of mutton, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Kimber
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  FORD
               



             (Police-constable F 50.) Mr. Kimber, who is a butcher
, and lives in Bell-yard, Temple-bar


, applied to me to watch his shop, on Saturday night, the 11th of March, and about half-past three o'clock on the Sunday morning, I saw the prisoner at the bottom of Bellyard - he crossed, and went into Apollo-court; I went and knocked at the prosecutor's door, and they let me in - I had been in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour; the prisoner then came; he got on the ledge outside, and put his arm into the shop - in a few minutes a match broke out on fire, and he could see every thing that was in the shop; I went towards the front door, on my knees - he had then got down, and got up again with a stick and a hook at the end - he fixed the hook into a breast of mutton, and drew it towards him, but it came off, and dropped into the shop- he then took another, but that also dropped in the shop; he then took a third, and that he got out - I opened the door, and pursued him with the stick and mutton in his hand; he ran up Apollo-court - I lost sight of him for a moment, but two City watchmen came up; I went into a house into which the prisoner had gone, and met him coming down stairs - the stick and the meat he had put on the stairs.
Prisoner. Q. How far up the stairs did you find the meat? A. About four stairs up the second flight, where you returned to meet me; I had not lost sight of you half a minute - I did not say I did not know you without taking you to the light; the two watchmen had lights - I had not.


                  EDWARD 
                  KIMBER
               



            . I am a butcher. I employed the officer to watch my shop; I saw a man put his arm through into my shop, and a match burst out into a light - he got down, and got up again; I saw the stick and the book stuck in the meat - I did not see his face - I was watching in the adjoining room; I have been repeatedly robbed.
Prisoner's Defence. I never was on the stairs - I was out of doors when he took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
