




1727. 




FRANCES SARAH WINSTANLEY
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
17th of June, at 

St. Saviour's, southwark, 1 cash-box, value 2s.; 75 sovereigns, 30 half-sovereigns, 1 £5 bank-note, 1 bill of exchange for 150, and 1 order for the payment of £28, the goods, monies, and property of 



Robert Brown, in his dwelling-house; and 




ALICE WINSTANLEY



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.



ROBERT BROWN. I am a baker, and live in Union-street, Borough, in the parish of St. Saviour's. On Saturday, the 17th of June, the prisoner Frances came, between six and seven o'clock, to my house alone, to show my wife some dresses she had made for a lady—she showed them to her in the back parlour, behind the shop—she continued there about half an hour—I was not in the shop when she first came in, but I went into the shop while she was there, and gave my wife a cheque for 28l. which she put into the cash-box in the shop, on the counter, while the prisoner was there—she locked the box, and took it into the parlour where the prisoner was—a few minutes after that, my wife came to me in the shop, and said she must go up and clean herself—she went up stairs, and in a few minutes the prisoner came into the shop to me, and said, "I cannot stop any longer, I must go"—I said "You had better stop till my wife comes down, she will not be many minutes"—she said, "No, I cannot stop I must go;" and she went—I did not observe whether she had any thing with her—I could not see, because she had got a cloak on—the cashbox was eight or ten inches long, and three or four wide—my wife came down about ten minutes after she was gone, but we did not miss the cashbox till between twelve and one o'clock at night, when I went to put the money from the till into the cash-box, and could not find it—I cannot tell what it contained, but I believe there was about 100l. in gold, sovereigns and half-sovereigns, a £5 note, a cheque for £28 on the Borough bank, and a bill of exchange for £50, drawn by me and accepted by Mr. Whitton—I afterwards saw my cash-box in the possession of Hornsby—this is it.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. How long have you known the prisoners? A. Nine years—the mother has a husband alive—the daughter is a dress-maker—they bore the character of honest, industrious people—I had a very good opinion of the girl—she has even served behind my counter—she is about nineteen years old—I have got the greater part of my money back, or it may be all, I cannot tell exactly.





GEORGE HORNSBY
. I am a policeman. I had a warrant on the 19th of June to search the house No. 59, Friar-street, St. George's—the daughter was then in custody—I went between twelve and one o'clock in the day—I found the mother and father there—I told them what I come for—the mother appeared anxious to get out of the front room—I let her go out, and followed her into the back room on the first floor—I saw her go to the cupboard, and doing something in a great hurry at the cupboard, under the sideboard—I immediately went up to her, and asked what she was doing—she became very agitated, and took up a gown, and threw it over a green glass jar—I asked what she was doing there—she turned her back to the place, and endeavoured to keep me away—she was almost in a fainting state—I removed the gown, and, on looking into the glass jar, I found a canvass bag, containing seventy-five sovereigns and half-sovereigns, a £5 Bank of England note, and a banker's cheque for £28—I found nothing further that day—I asked her whose money it was—she said she knew nothing about it—on the following day, before the Magistrate, I beard the younger Prisoner say that the cash-box, with the bill for £50, was in the copper hole at her mother's house—in consequence of that, I went to the house again, and found it where she had stated, with the £50 bill in it.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the husband present all the time? A. Not when I found the money—he was present when I entered the house, but he remained in the font room—I believe he remained in the house the whole

time—I took his wife into custody at the time I found the money—I heard the daughter say at the Office that her mother was innocent of it.





WILLIAM BLANE
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner Frances on the 18th of June, in Friar-street—Mr. Brown brought her out of the house to me, and I took her to the station-house—I then went back and searched the house, but found nothing—the elder prisoner opened the door to me—I told her my business—I saw the green glass jar, but found nothing.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the elder prisoner's husband at the house? A. Yes—he was there both times.
(William Wood, No. 9, Bridgehouse-place; John Bradley, general dealer, Duke-street, Westminster-road; Thomas Young, Prince's-place, Great Suffolk-street, Borough; and Eleanor Tudor, Spicer-court, Gravel-lane; deposed to the prisoner's good character.)

FRANCES SARAH WINSTANLEY—


GUILTY. Aged 19.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury.

. —


Transported for Life.

ALICE WINSTALEY—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

