



1452. 




JAMES JEFFRIES
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Bond, at 
Bermondsey, about the hour of three in the night of the 
1st of March, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 printed book, value 4s.; 2 snuff-boxes, value 15s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 1 sheet, value 2s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 4s.; 1 table-doth, value 1s.; 1 frock, value 2s.; and 1 pair of gloves, value 6d. his goods.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






HARRIET BOND
. I am the wife of Henry Bond of George's-terrace, Grimscott-street, Bermondsey. On Friday, the 1st of March, I was the last person up—I went to bed at twelve o'clock—I examined the house, and it was all fast—I locked the kitchen window—the shutters were not closed—that window looks against a dead wall on the back premises, and it about two yards from the wall—I was disturbed about three o'clock, as my youngest girl was taken ill, and crying, and the dog was barking—I did not go down stairs then—I heard nothing more particular in the night—I got up soon after six o'clock next morning, went down into the kitchen, and found the window-sash half open, and a pane of glass over the fastening broken—it was whole and fastened the night before—a person could put something through the broken pane to open the fastening, but the space was not large enough to admit a hand through—the sash could then be lifted up—I went into the front parlour, and missed "Burkitt's Notes on the New Testament," a pair of shoes, a pair of gloves, a silk handkerchief,

and two snuff-boxes—one was a painted one, and the other embossed with the Holy Family on the lid—I missed from the kitchen a table-cloth a sheet, and a child's frock—I had seen them all safe the evening before.





HENRY NOAKES
. I live with my mother in Unicorn-square, Tooley. street I hawk papers about, and do any thing I can get—I know the prisoner—on Saturday, the 2nd of March, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I saw him at the Eight Bells and Anchor public-house in Bermondsey-street—he showed me a book, a kind of Testament, and asked me to pledge it for him—I opened it, and saw no hard names in it as I had always seen in Matthew—I pawned it at Mr. Rosier's in Tooley. street for 2s.—I gave the prisoner the money and the duplicate—be said I was better known at the shop than him, and he would stand a pint of beer if I did—he gave me a share of a pint of beer.





HENRY NEWSTEAD
. I am shopman to Mr. Rosier, a pawnbroker, in Tooley-street. I produce a book which was pawned by Noakes on the 2nd of March—it is "Burkitt on the New Testament"—the first page of Matthey is out—I have also some sleeves and a frock, pawned by the prisoner on the afternoon of the 2nd of March for 4s., also a sheet, a shirt, and a pair of shoes at the same time.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not say at the office you could not swear to me? A. That was respecting a silk pelisse which was pawned—I an positive you pawned these things.





GEORGE HAVILL
 (police-sergeant M 2.) I took the prisoner in charge on the 5th of March at the Surrey theatre. I took him to the station-house—I searched him, and found a silk handkerchief round his neck, a pair of gloves in his pocket, and a snuff-box—he said he gave 3d. for the snuff-box, the gloves he had had eighteen months, and the silk handkerchief was well known to be his own—Noakes was present when I apprehended him—I asked the prisoner how he came in possession of the book he gave Noakes to pawn—he said he gave 1s. 3d. or 1s. 6d. for it to a sailor, who had gone to Gravesend.





WILLIAM WILKINS
 (police-constable R 11.) I went to the station-house and took off the prisoner's shoes, having observed footmarks in Mr. Bond's back premises—I compared the shoes with the footmarks which I had covered over to preserve them, and they corresponded—I made an impression by the side of the footmark—the ground was soft—there were nails in the shoes and also in the impression.

Prisoner. The nails in the shoes could not make any Impression—they are so worn. Witness, They are not worn down so much as the prisoner states.

Prisoner, He said at the cell of the office that I must have worn them a great deal since the robbery. Witness, I did not say a word of the sot.





GEORGE HAVILL

re-examined. I was at the cell of the office—there was no such conversation passed.

MRS. BOND
re-examined. This is our Testament—here is a misprint which my husband corrected, in my presence—this snuff-box and these gloves are ours—they are the gloves the prisoner was wearing—this hand-kerchief which he wore, is ours—this child's frock is mine, and was worn that day by my child—this sheet was taken out of the kitchen—the table-cloth and one snuff-box have not been found.

Prisoner's Defence, I was going to my master's house on Saturday evening, to see if I might return to work, as he had discharged me—I

passed the Eight Bells, and as I came back, about one o'clock, I met a young sailor chap, with a book and other things in his hand—he asked me to buy it—I gave him 18d. for the book, and 3d. for a snuff-box—we went into a public-house, and had a pint of four penny ale—on the Sunday morning he met me, and said he would sell me the duplicate of a handkerchief—I said I did not wish to have it—I met him again on Monday morning, and bought the ticket of him—I gave him 1s. 3d. to get it out, and wore it, and afterwards he gave me the gloves.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(There were other indictments against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Justice Littledale,

