






359. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BIRKETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HANNAMS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, 20 yards of merino stuff, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Ashdown
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM ASHDOWN. I am a linen-draper
, and live in King's-place, Commercial-road


. About nine o'clock on the evening of the 5th of December Hannams came into the shop, and asked to look at some stockings; I saw no one with him - I turned to reach a paper of stockings from the shelf, and was informed by a little boy that a piece of staff had been taken from a pile within three feet of the door; my boy ran out, calling Stop thief! Hannams was still in the shop - he had not done any thing, but I told him to leave the shop, as I had no doubt he was an accomplice; I took him to the door, and called for a Policeman, but as no one appeared, I left a friend to mind my door -I went out, and found Birkett; I brought him back, and gave him to a Policeman - Hannams was then gone.


                  CHARLES 
                  FOX
               



            . I was going by, and saw Hannams in the shop, and Birkett outside; I saw Birkett put out his hand, and take some stuff - the little boy came out, and cried Stop thief! I ran after Birkett, who was stopped and brought back.


                  EDWARD 
                  DARKIN
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 5th of December I saw a mob, and went up to the prosecutor's door; Birkett was given into my custody for stealing a piece of merino - I took him by the collar; he said, "Let go my collar, I am no thief - take hold of the tail of my coat;" he threw down this merino, and Hannams came and kicked me - another man came up, and struck me on the back of my head; I fell, and lost my hold of Birkett, but I got up and pursued him - I tied his hands; Hannams came up again, but I got my brother-officer to take him.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were there not a great many people about? A. Yes, I suppose one hundred; no charge was given of Hannams then, onbefore the Magistrate - I have seen the prisoners in company.(Property produced and sworn to.)
BIRKETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HANNAMS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
