



2013. 




CATHERINE NEALE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of July, 1 shift, value 1s., the goods of 



Norah Shea: 2 caps, value 6s., the goods of 



Mary Mack: 1 bonnet, value 6s.; 1 gown, value 7s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 4s.; 1 waist-ribbon, value 6d.; the goods of 



Ellen Carty: 8 yards of printed cotton, value 8s.; 1 apron, value 10d.; the goods of 



Mary Connell: 1 gown, value 6d.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 2s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.; and 1 cap, value 6d.; the goods of 



Ellen Rowan.






NORAH SHEA
. I lost my shift from Mr. Biggs, a market-gardener, at Barnet—I had left it on line, over my bed—I slept in a barn there (I came over from Ireland two years ago) the prisoner worked there about three months—I found the shift on her person—I never lent it to her.





MARY MACK
. I work for Mr. Biggs, and sleep in the same place—I missed two caps—the policeman has them—these are mine.





ELLEN CARTY
. I worked for Mr. Biggs three or four years—I slept in the same barn—I lost a bonnet, a gown, three handkerchiefs, and a waistribbon—these are mine.





MARY CONNELL
. I worked for Mr. Biggs, and slept in the barn—I lost a gown-piece and apron—these are them—I never lent them to the prisoner—I only had this gown-piece from about one o'clock on Tuesday till the Wednesday night, when I lost it.





ELLEN ROWAN
. I worked in the same place. I missed a gown, a petticoat, cap, and gloves—these are them—I kept them in the barn over my bed on a line—I never lent them to the prisoner.





MARGARET KIRWAN
. I live on Ealing-common, near the Uxbridge-road, and keep a house to accommodate travellers. I have no sign up—the prisoner came there on Wednesday night, and brought this property—the policeman took her on the Sunday morning.





JOHN PASCOE
 (police-sergeant I 19.) I found some of this property of Kirwan's some on the prisoner's person, and I found a duplicate of some of it on her.





JOHN ALDOUS
. I am a pawnbroker at Hammersmith. This gown and gown-piece were pawned at my house—I don't know by whom, but this duplicate was given for it.

Prisoner. I asked to borrow a gown and handkerchief—I was going

to see a friend—we were always in the habit of lending to each other any thing we had.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

