





51. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM FRANCIS 
                     TOOZEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of October
, 2 3/4 yards of woollen cloth, value 25s.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 20s., and 1 bag, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Seton
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  SETON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Seton
               



             - we live in Bond-street, Chelsea


. I have known the prisoner about ten years - on Thursday, the 7th of October, between twelve and one o'clock, he came to our house; he gave me a note, and said he was the bearer of bad news, that my husband was arrested, and I was to take a coach and go down into the City immediately - I set off; the prisoner went and took the stage for me - he said he did not know what my husband wished me to do, but I was to ascertain when I got there; he went with me to the Fulham-road, and said he should call in the City in the morning to know how things were going on - I went on towards my husband's brother's office, and met my husband in the way; he was surprised to see me - I told him what I came about; we then went to his brother's office, and as we returned home my husband saw Ford, the officer, and told him what had happened.


                  JOHN 
                  SETON
               



            . My wife met me, and when I went home I found a letter laying on the table in my parlour - this is it; I found no one at home but the woman who was washing for my family - I missed about thirty yards of new linen sheeting, two yards and three quarters of broad cloth, four silk handkerchiefs, a blue bag, a magazine, and a stock; I know the prisoner's hand-writing; this letter is his writing - I searched the house with Ford and my wife; my son shortly afterwards returned.

The prisoner put several questions to the prosecutor respecting his business transactions, but they were quite irrelavant to the charge.(Letter read.)
8th October, 1830.
SIR, - This step you will most likely say nothing can excuse; I readily grant you credit for the observation, but it is not my wish to excuse it - I am driven to such extremities that I should not desire a greater boon of the Almighty than to be suddenly called from this earthly hell to the inflammatory one; I should then have the satisfaction of seeing all share alike - nor should I have the mortification of seeing those, infinitely my inferiors, doing better than myself, nor would they, in that situation, be likely to spurn me, or treat me with contempt.


                  THOMAS 
                  FORD
               



            . I am gaoler of Bow-street. I went to Mr. Seton's house with him; he described the prisoner, and I took him on the 2nd of November - I asked if his name was not Toozey; he said Yes - Mr. Seton's son was with me; I took this black stock from the prisoner's neck- I asked him where the other things were, but made him no promise or threat; he said he was the person, he had taken the things, pawned them, and lost the duplicates - the property has never been found; it was redeemed the next day.


                  HANNAH 
                  WARD
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Seton. After my mistress went out the prisoner gave me a note to take to No. 27, Park-lane - I went, but could not find the number nor the name; he asked if I could keep a secret - I said Yes; he said my master was just arrested for a debt he had made himself liable to, and I was to make haste, as I was to bring some money, which he was to take down to the City - my master and mistress got home before I did.


                  FREDERICK 
                  WILLIAM SETON
               



            . I was at home - the prisoner came at half-past one o'clock, and again at three; I saw him give 
               Hannah
             the letter - he then gave me a letter to take to Mr. Wilkins, but I could not find the place.


                  PHOEBE 
                  PARTORINA
               



            . I was washing at the prosecutor's on the 7th of October - the prisoner dined there, and I dined with him; I did not see him go out, but he came back about three o'clock - I know he went into the different parlours; I did not leave the house, and when the family came home the property was missing.
MRS. SETON. I missed three silk handkerchief from the front parlour, three new sheets from the back parlour, and the broad-cloth from my bed-room; I had seen them all safe when I put on my things to go out.
MR. SETON. This stock belongs to one of my son's, who is not here.
The prisoner, in a long address, represented himself to be in a very destitute condition, and begged to be sent out of the country.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
