






715. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MAREN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARTHA 
                     BAYFORD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of April
, 15 yards of ribbon, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George Drake 
                     Sewell
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cross
                  



               
            .


                  NOBLE 
                  HALL
               



            . I am in the employ of 
               
                  George 
                  Drake
               



             Sewell and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cross
               



            , silk-mercers and haberdashers

. of Compton-street


. On the 1st of January, about three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoners came in together; one of the superior young men came to me, and spoke to me - I watched them, and saw them leave the shop, without purchasing any thing; I pursued them, and took Maren myself - I took this piece of ribbon from under her shawl; the person who showed them some ribbon is not here.


                  ROBERT 
                  GOLDING
               



            . I saw the two prisoners in the shop - they asked one of the young men to show them some ribbons; I saw them pulling them about, and suspected them - I spoke to the young man, and said, "Take care they don't rob you;" I then went to the witness, and told him to watch them - they were taken into the dining-room to be searched; Bayford was very violent; she took up a knife, and threatened to stab the officer, and said she would rip his bl - y gots out; he was forced to use great violence to defend himself - this is the ribbon, and was one that was shown to them; there are fifteen yards of it.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am an officer, and took the prisoners; there was 9s. 6d. found on them.
Maren's Defence. I went to purchase some ribbons - the gentleman fetched me a basket, and I took up one piece, which he asked 1s. 2d. for; I agreed to have it, and while he was wrapping it up he said, "I made a mistake, it is 1s. 4d.;" I said, "I shall not give it," and put it down - I went out; they fetched me back, then brought up two pieces of ribbon and a roll of cotton, and said they were found on me; I said I had had no such thing - they said a woman saw me drop them - the officer took out a staff, and knocked me down; this young woman took up something, and said she would strike him.


                  ROBERT 
                  GOLDING
               



            . I rushed in and took the knife from her, and got my hands cut. The prisoners had been both together, and had gone out.
MAREN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
BAYFORD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
