




1179. 




HENRY MORLEY
 and 



GEORGE COPE
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
30th of March, 120 stereotype plates, value 20l., the goods of 



Daniel Beckham, their master.—2nd COUNT, for stealing 80lbs. weight of stereotype metal, value 20l.


MR. RATIIBONE
conducted the Prosecution.





DANIEL BECKHAM
. I have a stereotype foundry—I missed some plates, and made inquiry of the prisoners and the other men, and the reply was, "Did I suppose they were thieves"—I said, "No," I have missed plates two or three years, but more particularly since January last—on the 1st of April I drove to town, and got out of ray chaise at the comer of the court—the police said they had found some metal, and asked if it was my property—I said yes, and sent for a proof of the plate, and we compared it word for word, to show that it was mine.





WILLIAM STREW
. I was the prosecutor's apprentice. In March, I was taken with the prisoner Morley, with 241lbs. of type metal, by two policemen—we got the metal from the prosecutor's picking and lathe room, with the intention to see Mr. Cope, for him to sell it—we took it to a beer-shop that he uses, as we had taken others to him before—some of it was good and some bad—some of it was in the plates—I should say it was about three months ago that I first began taking metal—only Morley was present when I took this—Cope used to sell it for us.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You had been robbing for three months? A. I have been about two years with my master—twelve or fourteen weeks ago was the first time I took metal from him—I don't know that I ever took any before—I took a sovereign and a pair of pistols, and then this metal—I was seventeen years old last February—some of the metal was standing on the bench—I did not take it—I took it out of the picking-room—Morley was with me—Cope was not there—it was taken out of the house at night—I walked away with it when I left work—I was taken before the magistrate—he did not object to my being a witness—I do not believe that giving testimony against these men will benefit me.

MR. RATHBONE. Q. You are an apprentice with Morley? A. Yes, and have been so about two years—there was another with me when the sovereign and pistols were taken.





THOMAS COTTON
. I am foreman to Mr. Simmons. The prisoner Cope came to my place to sell metal—he first came at the beginning of February.





WILLIAM HODGE
 (police-constable N 97.) On the 31st of March I was in the Kingsland-road. I saw Morley and the witness—I suspected them—Morley had got this bundle of metal on his shoulder—I asked what he

had got—he said, "Metal"—I asked where he brought it from—he said, "West-street, Smithfield," and was going to take it to Kingsland—on getting to the end of Fleming-street he threw it down, and ran off—the sergeant went after him—I took Strew, and took the property.





THOMAS MOTHERSELL
 (police-sergeant N 12.) Morley passed me at the corner of Macclesfield-street with this bundle on his right shoulder—I gave information to Hodge to stop them—on the bridge at the corner of Fleming-street, he threw it down, and ran down Fleming-street—I pursued and took him—he said he did it through not having enough—he said they were both apprentices—Cope was taken a few days afterwards in Bethnal-green.





DANIEL BECKHAM

re-examined. This is my metal—it corresponds with our first proof, which I have.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How long have you been in busi-ness? A. About nine months, I conducted the business fourteen years.

MORLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

COPE—


NOT GUILTY
.
