



2190. 




ANN ECCLESTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of August, 1 petticoat, value 6d.; 1 shift, value 6d.; 1 cap, value 3d.; 1 box, value 8s.; 1 bed, value 14s.; and 2 chairs, value 1s. 9d.; the goods of 



David Griffiths; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JANE GRIFFITHS
. I am the wife of David Griffiths, a private soldier, and live in York-street, Westminster. The prisoner's husband was a soldier—from a motive of compassion, seeing she had nowhere to lay her head, I took her in for two nights—not as a lodger—I went out on Saturday, the 18th, about eleven o'clock—I did not return, as my goods were seized, and sold to Mr. Phillips—I owed 13s. 9d. to my landlord, but he wanted to impose 18s.—the landlord swore that I caused a row, and I will sent to prison for want of bail, and the woman accused me of striking her—I remained in prison eight days—I was liberated on the 26th—when I went out on the Friday night I left the key turned in the lock—when I came from the prison there was nothing in the room but a wire basket.





SUSAN MINCHENTON
. I live in Orchard-street, and am a general dealer, I have got a piece of net and a cap, which Margaret Shelley sold to me.





MARGARET SHELLY
. I go out to work. I sold this net and lace cap—I got them from the prisoner—she asked me to take them there, and fetch her 4d.—there was another cap and two basins—the prisoner asked me to go and fetch her 4rf.—she gave me 3d., and I brought it and gave it to the prisoner.





HANNAH MORRIS
. My husband is a tailor; he resides in Orchard street. The prisoner came to my house on the 20th of October—I had known her before—she asked me if I would buy two chairs and a bed, which she brought on Monday—a person came and told me something, and I would not buy them.





ABRAHAM WRIGHT
 (police-constable B 99.) I found the piece of net and cap which is here produced, from the information the prosecutrix gave at the station-house—I could not find the chairs and bed—the prosecutrix had been distressed for rent, but had redeemed the goods, and got then again, a day or two previous to the robbery.





JANE GRIFFITHS

re-examined. These are my property—the rest is lost—I redeemed my goods about a quarter past seven o'clock on the night previous to their being stolen.

Prisoner. She gave me authority to sell them on the Monday before she was taken up, and when she came out of prison swore to this. Witness. I did not give her these things to sell—I was in prison—I could not have received any thing from her.

Prisoner's Defence (written.) In the month of August the prosecutrix told me to sell two chairs, a bed, and box, at Mr. Phillips', in Broadway I gave 2s. to the prosecutrix on Saturday, at Queen-square, and sent her some more on Tuesday. On the Saturday she and I had been drinking all day, and she was taken for being disorderly. When she came out she

wanted me to go and live with her, and because I would not she brought this charge—she persuaded me to leave my clothes for drink, and made me put on some of her clothes, which she then charged me with stealing—she was tried here for stealing a sovereign from a person.

COURT to JANE GRIFFITHS. Q. Have you been tried? A. I am not authorised to answer that question—my husband is in trouble through military orders, not for dishonesty.





WILLIAM CLIFTON
 (police-constable B 50.) I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the Westminster Sessions-house—(read)—I was present at the trial—she is the same person—I know her perfectly well.

Prisoner. It is quite false—I never saw the man before. Witness. I cannot be mistaken—I have been in the habit of seeing her daily.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
