





1618. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WILKINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of March
, 1 watch, value 10l.; 1 watch-chain, value 2l., and 1 watch-key, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Clark 
                     Stanley
                  




               
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HUET
               



            . I am a hackney-coachman
; the prisoner is the same. On the 20th of June I was acting as waterman at the stand at Old-street


; the prisoner came and laid himself all along on the pavement - he was drunk, or pretended to be so; I shook him up, and said, "George, don't lay here, you impede the footway" - he got up, called the Policeman, and said I had stolen his watch; I was taken, but nothing was found on me, but 1s. 1d. - the watch was found in his own waistcoat pocket, and then he said I had taken it from one pocket, and put into another - I was taken, but the next day he did not appear against me; I was discharged, and the officer told me to give him in charge if I saw him, which I did, and this watch was found on him, which he accused me of stealing.


                  JOHN 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I was sent for, and took the witness in charge; this watch was found on the prisoner when he was taken.


                  SAMSON 
                  HENRY PERRY
               



            . I am an inspector of Police. When the watch was found, I suspected it was one which I had seen advertised, and I apprised the prosecutor of it.


                  CLARK 
                  STANLEY
               



            . I am out of business
. I took a coach, on the 27th of March, from the stand in Old-street; Holmes drove it - we went to Mile-end turnpike; Mrs. Wilkins was with me - in about an hour after I left the coach, I was going to bed, and missed my watch; I know I had it when I entered the coach, as I had taken it out to see the time, and I think I left it in the coach; this is it - I have had it thirty years; it had a gold case, a gold chain, and a gold key, but they are all missing.


                  ANN 
                  WILKINS
               



            . I was with Mr. Stanley; he had his watch when he entered the coach - in consequence of what he said, I went to the stand the next day, and saw the driver of the coach.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I drove the coach with this lady and gentleman, and sat them down between eleven and twelve o'clock at night; I then went back to the Pavilion, and staid till it was over - I then went home, and put up the coach in the dark, at Mr. Thomas', my employer; the prisoner is horse-keeper there - it was his duty to look after the horses, and wash the coach; I never saw the watch till the inspector showed it to me - I heard of the circumstance, and named it to the prisoner; he said he knew nothing of it - I also told my master of it.
Prisoner. Q. Could you take out the seats without seeing it? A. Yes, I took them out in the dark.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought it just as it is now, in Petticoat-lane, and have had it in my pocket ever since.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 50. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
