




103. 




EDWARD LEY
 and 




MICHAEL CONNOR
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
16th of November, 3 sheets, value 2l. 15s., the goods of 



Thomas Baxter.






JAMES ROGERS
 (police-sergeant S I.) On the afternoon of the 16th of November I saw the two prisoners in Prebend-street, Camden Town, walking and conversing freely together—Ley had a bundle under his jacket—I went up to him, and said, "What have you got here?"—he said, "Nothing, Sir"—I said, "Do not say so"—I pulled his jacket on one side, and saw these things, which were wet—I said, "You have stolen these"—he said, "No, I picked them up close by"—Connor then ran away—I secured Ley, and a respectable man came out of his garden, I gave him Ley, and pursued Connor—I took them both—on the way to the station-house I said to Connor, "Where did you pick up the sheets?"—he said, "I do not know, but I could show you where we picked them up."

Ley. When he came up to me, I said I had got some wet linen, which I had found. Witness. No, he answered "Nothing."





SARAH BAXTER
. I am the wife of Thomas Baxter, of Rundliffe-street. I know these three sheets—I had put them to wash—I would have had to have paid 2l. 15s. for them—I had put them in my drying-ground at the bottom of Great Rundliffe-street, about 150 yards from Prebend-street—I know nothing of the prisoners—they broke down one pale, and got through, and took these from the nearest line.

Ley. I was out of work some time, and picked them up by the road-side—I put them under my coat. Witness. It was not a very fine day—if the linen had been on the ground it would have been soiled, but these were soiled only by their hands in taking them from the line—I left them safe at a quarter past two o'clock, and a quarter before three a boy ran to me to go to the station-house, which I did.

Ley's Defence. I was walking about, and picked them up.

Connor's Defence. I was taking a walk with Ley, and saw these things

lying, and I said, "What are they?"—he went and looked, and said, "They are some sheets"—I told him to take them up, and put them under his coat, and he was stopped with them.
(Connor received a good character.)

LEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.

CONNOR—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.




Confined Three Months, and 



Whipped.

