





1240. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     DONOGHUE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
, 8 1/2 yards of lace, value 11s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Greenwood
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  William 
                  Greenwood
               



            , a linen-draper
, of Farringdon-street


. On the 11th of April, about six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came into the shop alone, and asked to see some lace - I showed her some in a drawer; there was nobody else in the shop - after looking at it sometime I observed her put something under her shawl; there was nothing but lace on the counter - she said there was none to suit her, and left the shop; I then examined the drawer, and missed a piece of lace - I followed, and went up to her four or five yards from the door; I brought her back to the shop, and told her I missed a piece of lace - she immediately took it from under her shawl, laid it on the counter, and said,"I beg your pardon;" I detained her, master came down stairs, and a constable was sent for - the lace cost 11s. 6d.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you told all that passed? A. Yes; she did not ask for muslin, nor buy any thing - she had got out of the shop.
Q. She apologized for what she represented to be a mistake? A. Yes; I never saw her before; a piece of muslin and some money was found on her - she had brought no muslin of us.
THOMAS PROTHERO. I am one of the City Police. I I was sent for, and took the prisoner in charge; Mr. Greenwood came down, and she said, "Mr. Greenwood, I hope you will forgive me?" he refused; I found 1s. 3d. on her, some muslin, a duplicate for a piece of stuff, and the key of a box.
Cross-examined. Q. Did she appear very much alarmed? A. Not so much as I should in the same situation; she gave me three different addresses; I was desired by the Alderman to find out where her box was, but I never could.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. It is all false; I offered 1s. a yard for the lace, and he wanted 1s. 6d.


                  EDWARD 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . She did not make any offer for any of the lace.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported Seven Years
            .
