




324. 




WILLIAM SAWYER
 and 




JOHN CHAMBERS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
29th of December, 1 paper-case, value 15s.; 1 ruler, value 3d.; 1 pencil-case, value 2s.; 1 pen-case, value 6d.; 1 ink-stand, value 1s.; 1 bag, value 6d.; and 1 quire of paper, value 1s.; the goods of 



Francis Broughton.






THOMAS POCOCK
 (police-constable F 38.) On the 29th of December, at a quarter before eight o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoners in company together—they came through Temple-bar, from the City—I followed them to Scotland-yard—there I took Sawyer, and the other ran away, but the constable stopped him—he was not carrying any thing—I found on Sawyer this writing-case and contents—when I first saw them they were about a mile from the prosecutor's—I found this bag in Sawyer's pocket—it is the cover of the case.





FRANCIS BROUGHTON
. I live in Falcon-square. I believe this case to be what I presented to my son, about two years back—it was in my house—I had not seen it for eight or nine months.





FRANCIS BROUGHTON
, jun. This is mine—it was locked—I opened it at the station-house, and the contents are mine—it was taken from the bottom of our house—I saw it at seven o'clock—half an hour before it was taken—my father is a solicitor, and the next door is the office—I went in there, and I suppose left the door ajar for about three minutes.

Sawyer's Defence. On the evening in question, between Chanery-lane and Temple-bar, a gentleman asked me to carry this as far as the Treasury, and he would recompense me—I went as far as Scotland-yard—the policeman asked me what I had got, I said I did not know—he took me to the station-house, I turned to see for the gentleman who gave it me, but he was gone—this other person I know, but he was not in my company this evening at all—any man in the Court is likely to be in the

same dilemma as myself—I wished to earn an honest shilling—I thought it was an easy way to get one—I was not aware of what I was carrying.

SAWYER* 


GUILTY
.—Aged 36.

CHAMBERS* 


GUILTY
.—Aged 21.




Transported for Seven Years.
