





488. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PICKERING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of January
, 5 printed books, value 27s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Philos 
                           Gisburne 
                        




                     
                  and another
            .
PHILOS GISBURNE. I am a bookseller and stationer
, and live in Bishopsgate-street


. On Saturday, the 5th of January, about seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came and said he came from Mr. Barton, a neighbour, for a small day-book; I told him I had not one of the kind he wished, but would get one made by Monday, at twelve o'clock - he said he would go and see if that would do: he said he was in Mr. Barton's employ; he returned in about five minutes - he produced a small piece of paper, and said twelve o'clock on Monday would do; and he ordered a ledger for Mr. Barton, which was to be done by Monday evening, and he also wished for a Bible and two Prayer-books; he said they were all for Mr. Barton, that Mrs. Barton was waiting in the counting-house for them - I got down some Prayer-books, and was going to send four for Mrs. Barton to chose; he wished to have another, which I gave him, and told him he should have the Bible on theMonday, with the day-book; he said he would return in a short time with the Prayer-books that were not approved of; he did not return that evening - on Monday morning he called for a bill of the Prayer-books; I inquired if Mr. Barton intended to keep the whole of them - he said he would keep the whole if I would take off 2s.; they came to 27s. - I took of 1s. 6d.; he said he dare say that would do, and I made out a bill at his desire, in the name of Mr. Barton; he then said there was some slight difference respecting the account-book, and he wished me not to send them in, but if I would get them both done by the evening, he would call for them; he called in the evening - I suspected it was not correct, and stopped him; he always said they were for Mr. Barton.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LUDLAM BARTON
               



            . I live in Bishopsgate-street within. On the 5th of January the prisoner was not in my employ; I never authorised him to call on Mr. Gisburn for any Prayer-books - I have employed him occasionally as a cooper, but never as a servant; I had no occasion for any Prayer-books, nor had any of my family; they were never brought to my house; I heard of this the beginning of January - the prisoner was taken soon after.
Prisoner. I had the order given me by a person in the street; I gave the books to that person.



               GUILTY
            . * Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
