





125. 




JOHN WRIGHT
 and 



THOMAS FIELD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
20th of October at 
Allhallows Barking, 1 portmanteau, vlaue 10s.; 2 coats, value 10s.; 2 pair of braces value 2s.; p 2 pair of boots value 1l.; three handkerchiefs, value 3s.; and 2 pair of socks, value 3s., the goods of 



Philip Baker, in a vessel, upon the 
navigable river Thames—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



Robert San dwell Stramack; and 




JAMES SAUNDERS



, for feloniously receiving 1 shirt, value 10s.; 1 pair of braces, value 2s.; 2 handkerchiefs value 1s.; part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen against the Statute.






ROBERT THORN
. I am porter at the New London Hotel, Bridge-street I remember packing a portmantean, on the 20th of October—It belonged to Mr. Philip Akerman, who was staying at the Hotel—I put it into a coch, with the remainder of his luggage and took it to the Custom House Stairs, near Billingsgate Market, about a quarter before eleven o'clock at night—I was going to put it on board the Hamburg steamer the Columbine—I went on board with him—the waterman John Crew took us on board—I saw it safe on board—I placed the two portmanteans nerly facing the door of the cabin—I remember putting two pair of boots into the portmanteau and I think a waistcoat, several coats and other articles some of which have been found.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Into whose care did you give the luggage? A. I do not know who it was; it was very dark but I placed all the articles on board—Mr. Akerman, and a friend of his assisted in putting the things into the potmanteau—I put them on board the vessel within five minutes of a quarter to eleven o'clock—Mr. Akerman was gone on abroad—I saw every thing safe on board the steamer.





JOHN CREW
. I am a waterman. On the night in question, I took the witness on board the Columbine—the prisoners, Field and Wright are waterman—I saw them that night they assisted in carryng the luggage dowm from the coach—they acted as porters to my boat—they did not come on board the boat—Thorn paid them.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it their regular place, as watermen? A. Yes—four packages were put into the boat.





THOMAS BOYLE
. I acted as steward on board the Columbine. I recollect Mr. Akerman coming on board—I do not remember Thorn being with him—Mr. Akerman went with us to Hamburg—we sailed on Wednesday the 21st October at one o'clock on Friday afternoon, and had no complaint of the portmanteau being missed till we got on Hamburg.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you keep a watch on board your steam-boat? A. There was mo watch kept that night—we shipped twenty-two horse that night; and it took all the crew and more to get them on board—the Custom House officers and the pilot left the vessel,

when we got down the river—the pilot has one man—I saw nothing of the prisoners on board the vessel.





JOHN HENRY SCOTT
. I am a waterman. On the morning of the 21st of October, I saw something in the mud, between the Custom House Quay and a boat head at a quarter before seven o'clock—I went and overhauled it—It was a portmanteau with the lock cut out of it—the portmanteau it now in court—there were some papers and books in it—I took them home and afterwards to Mr. Lindgreen, as he came to our house the same evenng to make inquiry—he lives in Crown-court, Broad-street—looked at the outside of the letters—a good many of them were directed to Mr. Akerman at the Hotel, Bridge-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Which stairs was it nearest to A. About the middle of the Custom-house—the prisoner belongs to the upper stairs—It was rather nearer the lowe stairs thean trhe upper if any things.





JAMES FOGG
. I am an officer of the Thames-police. I went with a warrant on the 16th of November, to the house of the prisoner, James Saunders, in Backchurch-lane, St. George's in the East—he was not at home, but his wife sent for him—when he came he said, "I am sorry to see you here Mr. Fogg"—he knew me—I told him a gentleman's portmanteau had been stolen from a steam-boat—of shirts braces stockings and other articles, mentioning some—Evans was with me—I said the shirts buttoned over with a lapelle and buttoned right over, which was the description given to me, and that there were three pairs of India-rubber braces—I told him I knew he had got one shirt—he said no he had not anything of the sort—I think his words were he had not bought any hting of the sort—I them asked him id he had not bought any duplicates—he said no that a man had offered him some but he would not buy them—I asked him if he know Wright or Field he said no he did not know them by name—I then pulled out a search-warrant and said, "Now, I must search your house"—he said, "Oh I recolled, my wife told me when I came and handkerchiefs out of the drawersshe handed one shirt and one shirt kerchief and said the other one the child had got to hem, at school and she went for it—Saunders unbuttoned his waistcoat and shirt and one handkerchief and said the other one the child had got to hem, at school and she went for it Saunders unbuttoned his waistcoat and said, "Here is a pair of the braces I have on" and pulled them off—they were India-rubber ones—he laid them on the table—Evans took up with the shirt and handkerchief—I took them to the office and returned to his houseon the way there I saw Wright on the opposite side of the way, with one hand in each pocket—Evans took hold of his right-hand, and I of the left and took him into Saunders' house—he said, "What do you want with me? self back on two chairs and got he hand I held out of his pocket—I saw something white drop from his hand—I picked it up, and found it was six duplicates—here is one for a pair of boots pawned on the 21st of October, for 6s., at Bradley's; another pair pawned on the 21st at Baly's for 4s. in the name of John Thompson; one for a pair of trowsers for 15s., in the name of John Williams on the 21st of October also at Blay's; another dated 21st of October for a pair of trowsers for 15s., at Manders and Steward's in the name of John Williamson and on the same day at the same place, a coat for 2l. 10s., in the name of Robinson; on the 6th of November,

a suit of clothes for 2l. 10s., at Mr. Telfer's, in the name of Bradley—I showed him the duplicates and he said, "Now, why don't you go and get Field?"—I went in onsequence of his directions to Fiels's house, which was about three hundred yards from Saunder's—I took a man with me to knock at the door—I think Field's wife came to the door—I was just round the corner—Field came out with the person who knocked at the door—I heard the person say, Saunders wanted to see him—he went to Saunders' door with the other man, and I aboved him in—I did not put any questions to him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long have you been an officer? A. Nearly twenty years—I told the person to say Saunders wanted to see him—that was untrue—1 put the duplicates into my pocket when I picked them up, and have kept them ever since, except showing them to the pawnbroker—I marked them ever since, except showing them to I am quite certain they are the same—I searched Wright and found nothing on him—I had seen the duplicates come out of his hand in a white paper—they fell on my feet.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When Saunders told his wife to bring the things from the drawer, did not he scold her and complain of her buying the things in his absence? A. Yes; and she said they had many words through it—he took the braces from his person—I do not think I should have searched his person—this is a very small part of the property missing—I have known Saunders for years—I believe he has lived there a great many years—I mostly saw his wife in the shop—I do not know that he follows any occupation—she might have bought it in his absence in that neighbourhood—I never knew him in custody, and never knew any thing bad of him—his wife asked my name, and sent for him—she sent a girl first and then asked my name—I told-her, and she ran out directly herself and brought him—I searched tha house all over but found nothing else referring to the transaction—we brought another handkerchief away, which we thought belonged to the party and I found afterwards it did not—he said we had better take it, as it might belong to the prosecutor.





JAMES CHRISTOPHER EVANS
. I went with Fogg—I have heard his evidence—It is correct—I have a shirt, a pair of braces, andtwo handkerchiefs.





JOHN DOWSON
. I am shopman to Mr. Blay a pawnbroker in the New-road. I have a pair of trowsers, pawned for 15s., by a man, but neither of the prisoners—I should know him—It was in the name of John Williamson—I have a pair of boots pawned for 4s., not by the same man, but I am confident it was neither of the prisoners—he gave the name of John Thompson—I afterwards examined out stock and have found two pair of half-hose, and two handkerchiefs, pawned by a little girl who is here for 4s., in the name of Sarah Nice, for her mother, on the 22nd of October.





SOMERVILLE TELFER
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a waistcost pawned on the 21st of October, with a coat and trowsers, for 2l. 10s., in the name of Mary Bradley, by a woman—the waistcoat is the only part claimed—the things are nearly new—she appeared a respectable woman, and said they were her husband's clothes.





JAMES FINCH
. I am shopman to Mander and Stupart, pawnbrokers in East Smithfield. I have a gentleman's new frock coat, lined with silk, pawned by a female in the name of Ann Robinson, on the mosning of the 1st of October—she

was in the habit of pawning with me—she was a decent-looking woman—I asked her whose coat it was—she said her husband was a tailor—he had got to take the coat home on Saturday night and wanted to raise money to get more work—I asked where her husband lived, she said No.47, White's yard—I think that is in the parish of Whitechapel—on the same day a pair of trowsers and a waistcoat were pawned by the prisoner Wright—they are quite new—I did not know him before—I thought they might be his own—I think it is likely he might wear such a waistcoat—I asked him what he had paid for it, and he said 18s. 6d.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long was he pawning them? A. Five to ten minutes—I will not swear it was so much—four or five hundred persons perhaps come to our shop in the course of a day—It is mote than a month ago—I am sure he is the man.

COURT. Q. I presume it is not often that men of his description bring such splendid clothes? A. Yes, we have, very often—I have a corresponding ticket to the duplicate.





ADOLPHUS LINDGREEN
. I am a merchant and live in Broad-street. I know Mr. Akerman perfectly wellhe is a friend of mine—his christian name is Phillip—I was with him on the evening in question when he was leaving the hotel and saw part of the things put into the portmanteau—(looking at it)—this is the portmanteau I saw that night—his name in on it, on a brass plate—I had seen it in the room that night—I am quite positive it is the portmanteau—he is now in Sweden.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you assist in the packing? A. I was looking on, and might put a few papers in—I have known Mr. Ackerman many years and know he never went by any other name—I constantly called him Philip.





AMBROSE BRADLEY
. I am a pawnbroker and live in Cable-street. I have a pair of boots which was pawned was pawned with me. on the 21st of October, in the name of John Williams, for 6s.—It was neither of the prisoners.





JOHN LANABEER
. I am a boot-maker in Fleet-street. I have supplied Mr. Akerman with boots—this is a pair I supplied him with and this is another pair—I am certain I sent him both these pairs of boots in October or September—they have both been worn.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you work on them yourself? A. I got them up—they pass through my hands and I know them—they are got up in a peculiar manner.





STEPHEN HUDSON
. I am foreman to Messr. Slater and Son, tailors, in St. James'-street. This coat and waistcoat were made at our house—the waistcoat was charged 3l.—I supplied Mr. Philip Akerman with it, a few says before he went—and this caost was charged 9l.—It has not been worn

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How many of this description of handsome waistcoats have you made? Q. A good many—It is French velvet—I do not suppose I ever made one of the same pattern—the coats are not common ones-you seldom see a coat double-lined with silk—we have not made one of that description for twelve months—we do not sell them to shopkeepers.





JAMES BYE
. I am in the employ of Mr. Salomans, a tailor, at Charing-cross. This waistcoat was made at our house, for Mr. Phillip Akerman—It is new-we supplied him with it, in November, 1834—here is a pair of trowsers which was made for him, by us.





SOMERVILLE TELFER

re-examined. I prosuced a coat and waistcoat

the office—I have not brought them here—I did know they were wanted.





STEPHEN HUDSON

re-examined. Besides the things I have spoken of, I saw another coat and pair of trowsers at the office—I believe Telfer produced them—I could not positively say I had made them lately—I thought they had been made at our house a good while ago; and these trowsers appear to have been made at our house,





CHARLES STEWART
. I am in the employ of Silver and Co., out-fitters, on Cornhill, I know Mr. Akerman—our house supplied him with some linen in October—he had his shirts made up in a peculiar way, by the shape of the collar, the depth of the wristband, and the buttons being sewn on extra strong—this is one of the shirts we made—the initials are picked out—I supplied him with braces of this deceription—I know these—we got them made for him—I believe them to be the same I supplied him with.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is the shirt a peculiar pattern made for him? A. We make other gentlemen shirts of the same pattern—I do not know that we ever made a pair of braces like these, except what we made for Mr. Akkerman—I think we have not.





SARAH KNIEE
. I am eleven years old, and live my father and mother, in Church-lane, I know a Mrs. Nice—she gave me two pair of socks, and two handkerchiefsm in Mr. Nice's precence. to pledge—I went with them to Blay's. and got 4s. for them—I gave Mrs. Nice the money.





JAMES NICE
. The prisoner Field is my brother-in-law—I married his sister—I cannot say where my wife is—she was called out during my absece, to nurse a person, and I have not seen her since—It is a week or eight days ago—I do not know who she went to nurse—she went without informing me—she never says any thing to me, where she goes—she took no clothes with her, and has not been home for any—I have not the least notion where she is—I know the prisoner's wife, by sight—I cannot tell where she is—she is gone away, too—I have never seen her since her husband has been in custody—she lives next door to me.





THOMAS BOYLE

re-examined. Six or seven regular men are employed on board our steam-boat—at that time there might be six or eight additional men employed in bringing the horses on board—other luggage, belonging to other passengers, was brought on board that night.

Wright's Defence. I was at the Custom-house, as waterman and porter, carrying luggage down, and and when the coach came up, I and three more took the luggage down, and went on board the vesecl, and at half-past twelve o'clock I went home—last Monday week Fogg met me, and said he wanted me—I was walking with two men—I had both hands in my pocket—I went over the way with him—when they got me into Saunders's back room, they made me sit down—Evans took my right hand out of my pocket, and Fogg, the left—I never heard of any duplicates, till I got to the Thames Police, when the gentlemen saidm "How came you by these duplicates?"—I said."I have seen none"—Foff said, "Oh. oh. that won't do"—I asked him to go for Field, for I wanted him, as he had 2s. 7d. of mymoner, which I wanted, and he brought him in custody to the office—I can prove I was at home at one o'clock that night, when the vessel went away.

Field's Defece. I was at the Custom House-stairs on the 28th of October, as waterman and porter—when there are no City porters there, the watermen carry luggage down, and we share the money among us—I

carried some luggage down—we came ashore at half-past twelve o'clock—Wright wished me good morning, at the top of the stairs, and he wen; home—Wright was taken into custody last Monday week—Fogg sent a gentleman to my place, who asked if I would step round to Saunders, as I was wanted—I said I had no objection; and as soon as I went out, Fogg was behind me, and followed me to Sauners' shop—he searched me, but found nothing on me—they said Wright had sent for me—the reason was, I owed him 2s. 7d.—he took me to the police-office.
(Samuel Manly. a shomaker, of Maze-pond, gave the prisoner Wright a good character.)

WRIGHT—


GUILTY
. Aged 21—


Transported for Fourteen years.

FIELD—


NOT GUILTY
.

SAUNDERS—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

