





984. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  JOHNSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of May
, 1 cloak, value 20s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Hensleigh
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GILES
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Marks
               



            . My master was ill, and on the 2nd of May, Dr.


                  Henry 
                  Hensleigh
               



             stopped at my master's door, and left his cloak in the chaise, while he came in to visit my master - I took the cloak out of the chaise, and laid it over the horse's loins, as he was hot; there came a knock at my master's door, and I went in for a moment, but did not take my eye off the horse - I saw the cloak drawn off the horse; I went down the street, and saw the prisoner with the cloak which he was rolling up before him - I said it was mine; he said, he only took it for a lark - he was quite a stranger to me.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you never take your eye off the horse? A. No, I only went into the passage - the horse was apt to start; it was my master's horse and chaise which I took to fetch the doctor with.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FLYNN
               



            . I was going down Ormond-street, and saw the prisoner with the cloak; the witness took it from him; the prisoner then ran up the street, and I followed him - when he got to the top, a man came out of the square, I called to him to stop him, he dodged him till I got up - he said "For God's sake let me go."


                  JAMES 
                  MURDOCK
               



             (police-constable E 144). I took the prisoner, and have the cloak.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GILES
               



            . This is the cloak, I know it by this rose and thistle; I have had it in my possession several times when I have taken the doctor out.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not take it, I pursued the man who did take it, he dropped it, and I took it up and gave it to the witness.


                  Richard 
                  Oldfield
               



             of Britannia-street, and John Catholic of Gate-street, deposed to the prisoner's good character.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
