



884. 




CHARLES FOSTER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
13th of February, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 



Thomas Storm Robertson, from his person.






THOMAS STORM ROBERTSON
. I am a surgeon, and live in Assembly-row, Mile End-road. On the afternoon of the 13th of February, between three and four o'clock, I was in Moor-lane, leading into Fore-street, City, and felt the prisoner run against me, and take my handkerchief from my pocket—I immediately turned round and knocked him down, and at the same moment saw him throw my handkerchief from his hand,—he got up, and ran off across Fore-street, into Aldermanbury-postern, where I again knocked him down, and gave him into custody, without losing sight of him for a moment.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you not stop to pick up your handkerchief? A. Yes, but he was on the ground then—I had knocked him down—he got up again, but had not gone two steps from me when I picked up my handkerchief—it laid behind me, and he was behind me too, close to me—I was near enough to have laid hold of him, but I did not then, as I picked up my handkerchief—I was very much excited, having lost many handkerchiefs—I am certain the prisoner is the person that took this one.





JOHN HENRY STANTON
. I am foreman to Mr. Stapleton, of Whitefriars. I did not see the prisoner take the handkerchief, but I saw him throw it away, and saw the prosecutor pick it up—the prisoner was lying on the ground within a yard of him—he got up, and ran off—the prosecutor followed him, and I also, and never lost sight of him till he was taken in Aldermanbury-postern—as we were taking him to the watch-house I happened to say that I saw the prisoner throw away the handkerchief—he pointed over his shoulder, made a signal to somebody behind, and also to me, and I immediately received a severe blow on the cheek, from whom I cannot say, but I have not recovered the use of my jaw since.

Cross-examined. Q. How far were you from the prisoner when you saw him throw the handkerchief away? A. About three yards—I saw it distinctly, and cannot be mistaken—the prosecutor picked it up, and pushed the prisoner down at the same time—he escaped for a moment, and the prosecutor again pushed him down—he got up again, and ran into Aldermanbury-postern, where he was taken.





JAMES INMAN
 (City police-constable, No. 302.) I took charge of the prisoner, and received the handkerchief.
(Property produced and sworn to,)




GUILTY
.* Aged 28.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
(The witness Stanton stated the prisoner had assaulted him, and made a forcible attempt to rob him, very shortly before committing this offence.)
