





Before Mr. Justice Littledale.
823. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BEST
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of April
, at Harlington, 1 gelding, value 2l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Rolfe
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ROLFE
               



            . I am a farmer
, and live at Harlington, in Middlesex


. I had a bay gelding, which I saw safe on the 30th of April in my farm yard - I found it was missing next morning, and went to Hanworth, and found the prisoner in custody with it in a shed - I knew it again - I have had it twenty years - it is blind, and has several marks on it - I can swear to it.


                  SOLOMON 
                  GEORGE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Rolfe. I put my master's horse into the farm yard at seven o'clock, on the 30th of April - I did not see it again till it was brought from Hanworth next day - I went to the yard in the morning, and it was gone - Hanworth is four miles from master's - it was brought back between twelve and one o'clock, and was master's horse - I have lived with him twelve months' - I know the horse well - I am sure it was the same.


                  JOHN 
                  FOWELL
               



            . I am a knacker, and live at Hanworth, in Middlesex. The prisoner came to my house on the morning of the 29th of April - I did not know him before- he called me up in the morning, and asked if I would buy a blind pony of him - I said, "Yes" - I asked where he lived - he said at Harlington - I asked where the pony was - he said it was over there - I asked why he did not bring it with him - he said he could not that morning, as he was going to Kingston - I offered to put my horse in the cart, and go with him to see it - he said he could not go then, for he was going to Kingston - he asked if I would see it in the morning - I said, Yes, I would see it any time in the morning, if he would bring it over - he asked at what time - I said, "Between eight and nine o'clock" - he said he must bring it over before that, for he had appointed to be somewhere else before that, and he would bring it over about five o'clock in the morning - he came a little after five o'clock in the morning with the pony - he called me up - I looked at it, and asked what he wanted for it- he said, 2l. - I said that was too much money - I thought it worth more, but thought he did not come honestly by it - he said he would take 35s. - I bid him 30s. - he would not sell it for that - I said I would give him a guinea and a half for it - he said I should have it - it was a brown pony - he put it into my stable - I said I would go down and pay him for it - I sent a young man to look to the horse, while the prisoner and I went and had a pot of beer - my partner and I then told him we did not think he came honestly by the horse, and asked where he lived - he said at Harlington, and his name was James Smith - my partner agreed to take the prisoner in the cart over to Harlington to see if it was right - he refused going, and wanted the money for the horse - after a little while he agreed to go - when the mare was put in the cart he would not go unless the horse went - he still wanted the money for it - my partner sent for a constable, and gave him in charge - this was about half-past six o'clock in the morning - Rolfe came over about eight o'clock, and claimed it as his own - George came with him, and he knew it again - it was a gelding.
Prisoner. Q. Did the boy come over with Mr. Rolfe? A. Yes; in the cart.
MR. ROLFE re-examined. The horse I saw at Fowell's was the horse I lost - it is a gelding - I am sure it is mine.
SOLOMON GEORGE re-examined. I did not go over to Hanworth with Mr. Rolfe in the cart.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the horse for thirty shillings, of David Lee - I went over to the man to sell it about half-past five o'clock in the morning, and called him up - he asked what I wanted for it - I said 2l. - he humm'd and ha'd a good bit - he offered a guinea and a half, which I refused - he waited a quarter of an hour, and then put it in his stables.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
