



576. 




MARY DACEY
 was indicted

for embezzlement, and that she had been before convicted of felony.






SAMUEL BURROWS
. I am a milkman. The prisoner was employed by me to carry out milk, for fifteen months—it was her duty to receive money on my account—I served Ellen Cosgriff with milk—she ought to pay money to me every time she came in—some of my customers paid me weekly—I took an account night and morning.





ELLEN COSGRIFF
. I am servant to Mrs. Manning, 2, Dyer's-buildings, whose family have milk of the prosecutor. On the 9th of January, I owed the prisoner 2s. 4d., and gave her a half-crown—she to the new servant who was going to take her situation, and was present, "Give the cook two-pence," and she did—I said, "Recollect we are clear, "and she said, "Yes, cook as clear as the first day we met"—her master was rot with her.






SARAH BALTING
. I took milk of Mr. Burrows. I paid for it every morning—I paid the prisoner four-pence on the 8th of January; and on the 9th her master came with her and the money was given to him—there was a bill brought in afterwards.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What did you pay on the 9th of January? A. Four-pence; and four-pence on the 8th—her master was not with her then.





RICHARD PEISLY
. The prisoner had been in the habit of bringing me milk for eighteen months—I paid her a half-penny every morning—I paid her a half-penny on the 9th.





RICHARD BAYLIS
. I took her into custody—she said she had never robbed her master of sixpence.





SAMUEL BURROWS

re-examined. She never accounted to me for these sums—she gave me warning to leave, and said was going to take a situation at a carriers' place and should have more money; and as she was a married woman she would be more at home—I said, "I am very glad of it"—I discovered that instead of going to the carrier's, she got a milk-place, and went to solicit my customers.

Cross-examined. Q. How long before she left you did she give notice? A. Not a week—she left on Saturday, the 9th of January—I never went round to my customers to see if all was right—I went with her on the 9th to part of them and did so a fortnight before she left me—I settled accounts, and paid her 1l. 12. the night she left.

Q. Was it till after you had heard she had bought some walk, and was getting some of your customers, that you took her into custody? A. No: it was not—I have an account of the 8th of January here—I take the accounts regularly twice a day and at the commencement of the Sunday night, I take it off the slate and book it—she paid me about 3d. on the 8th of January—she seldom ever paid me 4d. or 5d.—she has been in the habit of robbing me—I said I would give her in to custody—she did not say, For what will you imprison me? not for dishonesty, are we not as straight as the first day we met?"—I paid her the 1l. 12s. as her wages when she went away, on Saturday morning.

COURT. Q. Did you at that time know she had received these sums, and not accounted for them? A. No; I did not—I took her into custody on the Tuesday.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
. I am a policeman. I produce this certificate of the prisoners's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office (read.) The prisoner is the same person—I was present when she was tried—there were three indictments against her.

Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Burrows went round with me sixteen days before I left him, and received the money of the witnesses he has brought against me—he told me the minute before he paid me my wages that he was quite satisfied I had never deceived him of a farthing—I bought a milkwalk for myself—he is wronging me altogether.





SAMUEL BURROWS

re-examined. Her husband came to me and said he did not know she was going to leave—I said, "Yes; she is"—I thought I could put my life in her hands—I thought she was so honest—I never knew she robbed me of a halfpenny till she was gone, and I took the milk-round.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
