





1267. 
               
                  
                     RALPH 
                     BENJAMIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, of a certain evil-disposed person, 1224 yards of ribbon, value 39l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Dodd
                        



                     
                  , which had then been lately before stolen, he knowing them to have been stolen
            .
2ND COUNT stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bullock
                  



               
            .
THOMAS BULLOCK. I am agent
 to Thomas Dodd, ribbon-manufacturer
. of Coventry; my warehouse is No. 3, Huggin-lane, City. On Friday morning, the 16th of August, in consequence of information, I went to my warehouse, and observed the lock was partly off the door, the iron bar was off, and the padlock broken off - I missed a lot of figured lustring ribbons, and some figured satins; my desk was broken open, and I missed from it a cashbox, containing a bill of exchange, a 10l. note, a 5l. note, some sovereigns, and some silver - in consequence of information I went to Spooner's, in Chiswell-street; I saw some ribbons, and went in consequence of information to Lower White-cross-street; I saw some lustring and satin ribbons, about one-third of the quantity I lost.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How long had the ribbons been in your possession? A. They were purchased about the 23rd of May, and some on the 1st of June, and I believe some since; there are various patterns - we have sold some of the patterns, and very likely we have sold some of each pattern: I cannot swear we have not - they were spindled on a small paper, not blocked, when taken from my warehouse; but when I found them at Lander's they were blocked, and some of the ends changed - I never saw Lander before; I had information first from the dresser, and went to Spooner's, who gave me information where he got them, and then I went to Lander's - I know nothing of the prisoner, except what was stated by Lander.
COURT. Q. Was the quantity you found at Lander's and the other place greater than the quantity you had sold or less? A. We had sold a much larger quantity; there are so many patterns mixed together; I usually average the price of different manufacturers' goods and put all together at one price - I never sold a quantity of so many different patterns to one individual - at different times I dare say we had sold more of the same patterns.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You had the ribbons from Dodd? A. Yes; he is not the original manufacturer of them; there are three or four manufacturers - the lot was in my warehouse when I left the premises; they were a little out of condition - I could pick out this lot of goods from others made by the same manufacturer, because they were out of condition; they were lying on the counter; other people might have goods lying on the counter, and out of condition - as a lot I could pick them out, so as to be certain they were mine and nobody else's - it is possible others might be injured in the same way.
COURT. Q. Did you find as much as you had lost? A. About half; I had lost sixty-eight pieces; I found the same mixture of goods as I lost, with the same marks of damage, and some of each sort, and in the same state and condition, except that some had been put on blocks, and some spindled, but the ends altered - I believe them to be part of the property; I lost the same mixture and assortment.
JURY. Q. Do you sell ribbons dressed or undressed? A. Satins must be dressed, but lustrings we do not dress; Mr. Spooner sent them to the dresser; I intended to have the satins dressed after they were sold; these were undressed when stolen.
COURT. Q. When did you lose them? A. On the 15th of August, and found them on the Thursday following, the 23rd, some of them had been dressed in the intermediate time.
GEORGE THOMAS EDWARDS. On Thursday evening, the 15th of July, I was in the warehouse, and left it about half-past seven o'clock; it was secured by a lock and a bar across the door, and fastened by a padlock; I found itbroken the following day - these very goods were on the premises that evening; I know them to be the same; I can identify them positively; we have had them too long on the counter not to know them; I believe if there were a thousand pieces of the same patterns I could pick them out; they have been constantly under my eye, and they are the make of several different manufacturers, and we, after taking stock, mixed the several manufacturers' goods together, and these are the same assortment of goods as we had made.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you a partner? A. No, he has no partner; it is Thomas Dodd's warehouse; the goods were his, and in his warehouse - Bullock is only the agent; he is not answerable for them; they are consigned to him for sale without his being responsible - I know Mr. Dodd has no partner; they are all Dodd's goods.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARSHALL
               



            . I live with Mr. Spooner, at No. 85, Chiswell-street. I bought five half-pieces of satin figured lustring ribbon of Lander - Bullock afterwards claimed them.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. How much did you give him for them? A. 17s.; I had seen him several times before; he is a linen-draper and dealt in ribbons - I have seen some goods as good as those at 19s. 6d. a piece, at wholesale houses in the city; I gave 17s. - I will not swear these are not worth 29s.; I should not like to give that for them - I should think Lander was a judge of these articles.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MAY LANDER
               



            . I live at 149, Upper Whitecross-street. The prisoner came to my house in the afternoon of the 20th of August, and said he wished to speak to me - my young man called me down to him; and he said he had some goods, would I step home and look at them - I had bought of him before in that manner - I went down in the evening; he keeps a clothes-shop, in Golden-lane; he took some papers off his shelves, and produced some ribbons; I said, "It is too late in the season for them;" he said, we could not get jobs unless the season was gone by; he named the price at 18s. a piece - I said, "Where did you get them?" he said,"I bought them of a very respectable man" - I offered him 16s. a piece, and he said I should have them - I bought thirty-four pieces - I paid him 27l. 4s. in gold and silver; they were not worth more - in the proper season some would not be worth more, and others would; some patterns would not sell at all - some of them were worth considerably more - they were not worth 18s. - I conceive I gave a fair price.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What are you? A. A haberdasher; I have lived in Upper Whitecross-street three years and a half. I have dealt with the prisoner for the last six months, occasionally, three or four times, for different sort of things, in our way - I have bought ribbon and haberdashery; I bought some trimmings of him, about a month ago; and some ribbons, about six weeks ago; that was not so large a parcel as these - I have bought goods three or four times, or six- I did not take an invoice of the goods I bought - I marked it down myself on a piece of paper which came from the ribbons - I have not got that paper - that is the way I deal, I take no invoice when I pay money - I have dealt with many people buying goods, and not had an invoice - I knew him to be a very respectable man - I was in trouble about this, on the following Thursday, which was two days after - I told our young men in the shop who I bought them of when I brought them home; there was a gentleman in the house when I was called down to the prisoner - I have two shopmen, one is here; there was nothing in the goods to make me think them improperly come by - it is very general to buy different patterns at so much a piece, altogether - nobody but Mrs. Benjamin was present when I bought them - I did not know what I was going to look at, when I went to his house - I went home for the money and then came back with it - I brought the goods from his house myself in a paper parcel.
JURY. Q. Is it customary to buy goods and not take an acknowledgment or discharge from the party? A. I believe it is quite general; if I go to a house and see a lot of goods; I bring them away - it is generally the case with job lots.


                  HENRY 
                  BUCKLAND
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Lander. I recollect the prisoner coming to my master's shop on Tuesday - he asked if Mr. Lander was at home, I said,"Yes," and went for him; when he came down stairs he said he had something to sell him - Lander said, he would come down in the evening, he went and returned with a quantity of ribbons.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear all that passed? A. No; I heard the prisoner say, he had something to sell him, in the shop - my master went out, and when he came home next he had the ribbons with him - I saw him return and he had the ribbons - I was at home all the afternoon; he was gone about half an hour; he lives about half a mile from the prisoner's house - it would take him half an hour to go there, to examine the goods, and bring them to the house - I cannot say whether you can go twice in half an hour - I don't know whether he was half an hour or three quarters - I should think it would take him the time he was gone - I was in the shop- there is a private door; my master goes in at that door very seldom - I was in the shop all the time - I don't know whether I was or not - I might have been out part of the time; except going out for a necessary purpose I was in the shop - I might have gone out into the yard, and if I did, I was not out three minutes - I never saw master return till he came back with the ribbons.


                  JOHN 
                  ROE
               



            . I am an officer. I produce the goods - I got one parcel of twenty-four pieces, from Spooner; and another parcel of forty-five pieces, from Lander - I searched the prisoner's premises, but found no ribbons, nothing but clothes.
Cross-examined. Q. When you searched the premises was he at home? A. He was; he certainly told me I might search his house all over - I found nothing of a suspicious nature - I found no silk goods at all there.


                  THOMAS 
                  BULLOCK
               



            . These are the goods I lost, I am certain of it.
Prisoner. I am totally innocent. I never dealt in such articles - I have been eighteen years in the clothes line and know nothing at all about them; I never had a thing of the kind.
THOMAS BULLOCK. re-examined. I know them from theappearance and the condition they are in - I am confident of all the patterns.
JURY. Q. Might not you find these patterns at Leaf's, or Morrison's? A. I think not; not mixed up as these are - it is usual to keep goods separate, not to mix four or five manufacturers' goods, of different prices, together, as these are - I put them together and averaged them in stock, at 23s. a piece - some have been dressed since they were stolen - the trade never send them out till they are dressed.
JURY to 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MAY LANDER
               



            . Q. You said you bought thirty-four pieces of ribbon of the prisoner? A. Yes; the officer had the whole I had left.


                  JOHN 
                  ROE
               



            . There are forty-five rolls; but I understand they are half-pieces, which has caused the mistake.
WILLIAM MAY LANDER. I have had the same sort of goods offered me before; precisely the same patterns.
JURY. Q. Did anybody see the prisoner in the shop besides a young man? A. Yes; both my young men.
COURT. Q. When you bought them of the prisoner was anybody present at his own place? A. Only his wife; he sold them to me in the shop - I think there was a young man at the door when I went in; they were sold in the front shop.
JURY to JOHN ROE. Q. Had you any conversation with the prisoner at the time you apprehended him? A. I took Lander to the prisoner's shop, and asked him who he had bought the ribbons of, he pointed to the prisoner - the prisoner said, he had never sold him such things, he never dealt in such things, he always denied it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
