





1775. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     NEWSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of July
, 2 handkerchiefs, value 5s., and 1 half-sovereign
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Letitia 
                     Newson
                  




               
            .
LETITIA NEWSON. The prisoner is my son; I was employed to take care of a house in Mincing-lane


, for ten months-I put some articles into a box to go to Stockwell, for Mr. Leaf; the prisoner was there at the time - he went away in the morning, before I was up, and when he was gone I missed two handkerchiefs, a half-sovereign from my pocketbook, and a pair of shoes; he left me in the beginning of June, and I did not see him again for a month, when he was brought back - I am a widow.


                  MARIA 
                  NEWSON
               



            . I was living with my mother at Mr. Leaf's; I assisted her to pack up the box of linen, and I tied it - the prisoner slept in a room adjoining where the box was; I missed him in the morning, and in the afternoon when I looked for the box, I found it moved, and a handkerchief taken off it - I looked into it, and missed two silk handkerchiefs out off it, and the one in which it had been tied; he afterwards came back, and on the Thursday morning after, he came home, I was lighting the fire, and he told me he had sold one of the handkerchiefs; my mother had taken away his boots, to prevent his going away- he put on her shoes, and said he was going to his brother's.


                  ROBERT 
                  WALKER
               



            . I was going out with my milk one morning in July; the prisoner asked me for a pennyworth of milk, and when I had served him, he asked me to buy a handkerchief of him, which I did - I gave the same handkerchief to the officer; this is it - I have known the prosecutrix for many years: the prisoner said he found the handkerchief in Lombard-street, and I gave him 1s. for it: I went for the prosecutrix, but she had moved, and I could not find her - I heard no more for a month afterwards.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 12. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
