





313. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COSTAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of December
, 1 copper, value 20s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Matthew 
                           Wilson
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .



                  ROBERT 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am the son of Matthew Wilson. This copper was taken out of the back kitchen of the house we live in, about seven o'clock in the evening of the 28th of December - it had been fixed in the brick work; I had been in the shop at work, and had occasion to go into the kitchen - I met the prisoner on the stairs; I asked who was there - he said, "Me;" he was a stranger, and I took hold of him - he said he had been to take a person who was intoxicated, down into the kitchen; I did not believe him, and I tapped at the kitchen window - the prisoner immediately ran off, and I pursued him to Berwick-street; he ran down Tyler's-court - I called Stop thief! I pursued him to Oxford-street, and there took him; he bit my hand and tried to kick me - a young man came to my assistance, and I got him to Wardour-street, and there gave him to the Policeman; the copper was taken from the brickwork, put at the kitchen door, and six articles had been removed off it - I had been standing about a minute with the door in my hand, as I heard a footstep; he heard that I suppose and put it down - I had taken my hat off the copper ten minutes before.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you left the door open? A. There is a private door - I cannot tell whether that was open or not, and then there is a door at the top of the kitchen stairs; we have no servants - the prisoner was sober enough to know what he was doing; he pretended to be tipsy afterwards, but not when I seized him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIBLEY
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I took the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he appear tipsy? A. He was perfectly sober, but when I had had him ten minutes be began to stagger, and said, "People when they are drunk, do many things they would not do when sober;" this is the copper - it fits the place exactly.
Prisoner's Defence. I was quite tipsy - my mother lives next door, and I went to the wrong house.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILSON
               



            . I do not know whether she does or not - the passage is a thoroughfare.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
