



107. 




HENRY MILLER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of October, at 
St. Mary Matfelon, Whitechapel, 8 sovereigns, 6 half-sovereigns, 4 crown-pieces, 24 half-crowns, 40 shillings, 38 sixpences, 3 groats, and 1 5l. Bank-note, the monies of 



George Bose, in his dwelling-house.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.





MARY ANN BOSE
. I am the wife of George Bose, who keeps the King of Prussia public-house, in George-street, Whitechapel. The prisoner was employed by us as a jobbing carpenter—we went into the house about three weeks before we were robbed—the prisoner came on Monday, the 21st of October, to fix a bedstead—while he was in the house, I went to my bed-room, and found a box in which I kept money with the lock forced, and the screws almost out—this was three or four days before the robbery—I went down to the prisoner, who was at work in the club-room, and said it was very strange, the screws were forced, and I was in the habit of keeping my money there, and I should remove it—he said, "If I was you, I would"—I said I would put it into my drawer, which I did—after that, I went to a drawer in my bed-room, to get change for a sovereign, while the prisoner was at work in the room—he saw me go to the drawer—I locked the drawer, as usual—on Tuesday, the day before I missed my money, I found all my money safe at ten o'clock in the morning—the prisoner had finished his work in the house on the Monday, the 28th, and left his tools behind him—he had no business there on Tuesday, but he came between eleven and twelve o'clock, and asked the servant for his tools—I saw him in the house—I saw him come down stairs, while we were dining in the parlour—he had no business up-stairs at all—I had some drawers in an upper room, which had not been put into the chest, and there were locks on all of them—having just moved, we did not put the drawers in their places, they were lying about, and after the robbery I missed a lock off one of those drawers—the same key opened all the drawers—when I went to my drawer, on Wednesday, the lock had not been forced—it must have been opened by a key—I lost a 5l. note, 11l. in gold, and 7l. in silver—I have two small children, and one servant—it was a very serious loss, for we had saved it to pay our brewer.


Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. They were common locks? A. Yes—ours is a public-house—we have two or three foreigners lodging in the house, but they had nothing to do up-stairs—the prisoner was first employed on Monday evening, to take down a bedstead—he was apprehended on the Wednesday week following—I at first kept my money in a box in a room above my bed-room—I employed him to put up a partition in the club-room, to make a bed-room by the side of the club-room—my drawer, and every thing was then moved to the firstfloor room—he was parts of several days doing the partition—I cannot say what day it was I found my box forced—it was near the middle of the week—I brought the money down stairs, and put it into my drawer in the room he had parted off from the club-room—the drawers were standing in the club-room, and he helped me into the room with them—I had left two of the drawers loose in the room above—the drawer with the money in it was locked—I had no difficulty in opening it—the other two drawers were afterwards brought down, and put into the chest—I mentioned the circumstance about the box before—the money was in the box from the time we went in till I removed it—I kept the box locked, and I kept the key in my possession—the prisoner knew I had money there, he saw me go up and down stairs for change—I suppose he must have known there was money in the box—if he shook it he would have heard the money rattle—I did not open it before him—I did not keep the club-room door locked, as he was at work there—I locked the drawer where the money was—I left the bed-room door a-jar—it was a sliding partition.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Had the foreigners access to the bed-room? A. No, they lodged in the room above the club-room.





MARY BURKE
. I am the prosecutor's servant I recollect the prisoner being employed to work in the house, which he finished on Monday the 28th—he left his tools behind him—he came on Tuesday to fetch them, and I saw him coming down stairs—I had not seen him go up stairs—he had no business there—I was in the parlour—he came to me, and asked me to give him his tools, which were in the bed-room—I went and got them, and gave them to him in the club-room—the bed-room door opens into the club-room—I left him there—in the evening I went into the club-room, and found the tools still on the table, where I had left them—he had not taken them away—I saw mistress in her bed-room about ten o'clock on Tuesday morning—I went into the room for change for a half-sovereign, and she gave me the change out of the drawer—the money was then safe.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did he come for the tools? A. Between eleven and twelve o'clock—I cannot swear it was not twelve o'clock—we had not dined, we dined about an hour after—we do not always dine at the same hour, but we dined that day between twelve and one o'clock—it was not between twelve and one o'clock that I saw him—if he had gone into the bed-room he would have seen the tools—he came down, and asked me for them—I know it was ten o'clock that I had the change, because mistress was not up—she did not keep the club-room closed, and the bed-room door was unlocked sometimes—we had four or five Germans lodging in the up-stairs room for about a fortnight.





GRACE LACKIE
. I am the wife of Stewart Lackie, and live in the Minories. On Friday, the 25th of October, between eleven and twelve o'clock, the prisoner came to our shop with a lock, similar to the one produced—(looking at one)—and asked if I had any keys that would fit—

I tried all the keys I had—he asked if I had any others—I took a small bunch of keys out of my pocket, and one of them would nearly fit—I told him I could make it fit in a short time—he said he could not wait any time, he was in a particular hurry—he was dressed in a dark fustian jacket and trowsers, or dark cloth trowsers—I am quite sure he is the person—I went to the door to look after him,, and his knees turned in a particular way—I knew him again directly I saw him coming out of the lock-up house.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite certain he is the person? A. I am sorry to say I have been obliged to swear several times I am certain of him, or I should not have sworn now—it was between ten and twelve o'clock, as near as I can tell—we do not have many people come to have keys fitted—we keep old keys—I only saw him just while we had the conversation—it is a common lock—I have never said it was between twelve and two o'clock that he came—it was between ten and twelve o'clock, as near as I can guess—I cannot say exactly the hour.





GEORGE BOSS
. I keep this house. The prisoner was employed to work there—I missed a lock off one of the drawers—this is it—any key that fitted this would unlock the drawer in which the money was kept—they were all alike—I did not see the prisoner on the Tuesday—some Germans were residing in my house, but they had no access to my wife's bed-room.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you tell your wife you missed the lock? A. No, not before the robbery was committed—I bought another lock two days or a week before, to put on one of the drawers—I cannot exactly say the day I bought it—it was the week before the robbery.





ELLEN COLLYER
. I am sister of Mrs. Bose. I was in her house on Tuesday, the 29th, dining there in the parlour—I saw the prisoner come down stairs between twelve and one o'clock.

MR. HORRY
called






THOMAS WOOD
. I am a pewterer, and live in King-street, Commercial-road East—I have known the prisoner between four and five months, and have employed him—he worked with me on Friday, the 25th of October, from half-past ten o'clock in the morning till ten o'clock at night, in Lambeth-walk, where I had a job—we went there together from my house, at half-past ten o'clock, and got there before twelve—we left work at. ten o'clock, and the man that employed us kept us in his company till about eleven o'clock—we parted at eleven.

MR. PAYNE. Q. How do you know it was Friday, the 25th? A. Because I had to complete the job by Saturday, as the house was to open then—he had been at work for me about a month before—he was not with me every day that week—I am a little master-pewterer—he works for me when he has nothing better to do—I made a memorandum of the day he worked with me—it is at home—I can write enough to make a memorandum of the day of the month and week, and to make out a bill—I do not know what trade the prisoner is—he can work at carpentering, I believe—I have had a very short acquaintance with him—Mr. Byng employed me to do this job—it was to cover a counter-top with pewter—the prisoner assisted me—I did not promise him any particular sum for doing so—he ad had 3s. 6d. a day before—I got about 1l. by the job—I hired the prisoner to carry the metal for me, and then said he might as well stop the day—I gave him 1s., and have not seen him since to pay him the other.


COURT. Q. Do you always keep a memorandum of every thing you do? A. Not of every thing—I remember making one of the 25th, because, not being a good writer, I copied it again before I made a perfect one—I was subpoenaed here by Mr. Hall—I do not know whether he is the prisoner's lawyer—he asked me if I remembered what day I had done the job on, and I said the 25th—he did not mention the 25th to me.





THOMAS BROWN
. On the 25th of October, I saw the prisoner at No. 2, Lambeth-walk—he came to assist Wood to do the counter of the public-house—they got there before twelve o'clock, and were there the whole day till nine or ten o'clock at night—I went out about nine o'clock.

COURT. Q. Did you keep a memorandum of it? A. No—I cannot swear to the time—I can swear it was before twelve o'clock, because the workmen left for dinner—it was about twelve o'clock—he was employed there during the whole of the day, in fact he did not leave for dinner—I have seen the lawyer, and had some conversation with him, and had something to drink.

MR. HORRY. Q. Did the lawyer tell you what to say? A. No—I did not know the prisoner before.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Who paid for what yon drank, the lawyer or yourself? A. I believe it was the prisoner's brother—I believe among all the witnesses to day, the drink amounted to about 2s.—I have drank about a pint and a half of beer to day.





THOMAS BROWN
. Jun. I am the son of the last witness. I saw the prisoner at No. 2, Lambeth-walk, about half-past eleven, or between that and twelve o'clock, on the 25th of October—I know the time, because we all go to dinner at twelve o'clock, and I know it was the 25th, because it was the day before the house was open—that was the day as far as----

MR. PAYNE. Q. As far as what? A. I made a mistake—I was going to say as far as my recollection serves me.

MR. HORRY. Q. Did you see the prisoner during the whole day? A. I did—I saw my father and Wood there—they left work at eleven o'clock at night—my father and I lodge there.

COURT. Q. Where did the prisoner come from? A. I do not know—I believe he came from Prescott-street—I was subpoenaed by Mr. Hall, the solicitor—that was the first intimation I had of this—it is five or six days ago—I first saw Mr. Hall in Prescott-street—the gentleman belonging to the house in Lambeth-walk, had a house in Prescott-street, and I was there—he told me of the robbery.





WILLIAM LUKIN
. On Friday, the 25th of October, I saw the prisoner at Lambeth-walk, working there, assisting the pewlerers—I first saw him between eleven and twelve o'clock—I was at work there—I live in Frances-street—I know it was the 25th, because on Saturday night they opened—I saw the prisoner all the day, till eleven o'clock at night—Mr. Hall sent me a note to come here.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.
