






1831. 




JOHN HENRY AUSTIN,



 SARAH NEVILLE,


 SARAH CHAPMAN
, and 




ELIZABETH JONES
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
30th of June, at
 St. John's, Clerkenwell, 1 boa, value 4s.; 2 gowns, value 12s.; 6 caps, value 9s.; 3 neckerchiefs, value 18d.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 1s.; 4 pairs of stockings, value 5s.; 2 shifts, value 4s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 4s.; 2 petticoats, value 3s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; 2 collars, value 4s.; 2 combs, value 18d.; 1 hair-brush, value 2s.; I tooth-brush, value 1s.; 1 pair of scissors, value 6d.; 4 gowns, value 3s.; I brooch, value 18d.; 1 printed book, value 1s.; 2 sovereigns, 3 half-crowns, and 6 shillings; the goods and monies of 



Lucy Jackson, in the dwelling-house of 



Ann Houlding; and that the said Sarah Neville had been previously convicted of felony.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






LUCY JACKSON
. I now live with Mr. Penny, the Inspector of Police in Clerkenwell-before I came to London I lived with ray uncle at Great Burford, in Bedfordshire—I came to town in the wagon, and I arrived here on the last day of June, between five and six o'clock in the morning—I was set down at the wagon-office, in St. John-street—I endeavoured to get a place of service—I went to a laundress, and they were not up—I afterwards went into a public-house which was open—I there saw the prisoner Neville—she said she was a country person, and her husband had been dead seven years, and she invited me to go to her house to breakfast—I had brought a trunk with me to town, containing my clothes, as stated in the indictment-most of them were new things, and were worth about 3l.—I had bought them myself, and I had 2l. 13s. in money in my pocket—I went with Neville to her house, and carried my box with me almost all the way, and she took it and carried it up stairs-when I got there, the prisoner Chapman got up and let me in—I found her lying in bed, ill—I laid down for about an hour in the same room my trunk was in—I then got up and had breakfast—I saw all the four prisoners at breakfast-Austin and the black girl Jones came up while I and Neville and Chapman were at break-fast, and took breakfast along with us—after breakfast Neville asked me to lend her a shilling to buy her some coals, and I lent her one—my money was loose in my pocket-Chapman took the shilling, and went for the coals, and the boy brought them up while I was in the room-Neville then told me to go out for a walk with Austin (who, she said, was her brother) and Jones, while she cleaned up her room—she said there were such rogues in London, if I did not leave what money I had in my pocket, they would take it away from me—I took my pocket off, and put it, money and all, into my box in her room—the box was not locked or corded; it was tied up in a brown shawl—I had seen my money in the morning when I paid my fare in the wagon—I had three half-crowns, five shillings and sixpence, and two sovereigns-except the shilling I lent Neville, the rest was in the box-Austin, Jones, and I then went out, and walked about for three hours-Austin said he could tell me of some work—he knew a friend who could get me plenty of good work—we went into a public-house, and he wrote a letter there to get me a situation, and said I might mention his name when I got there—I have got the letter—I left the public-house with him and Jones—she did not hear what he said about the letter, as she was gone out—she came in again just as we came out of the public-house—I do not know that she heard any of the conversation about the letter—we all three came away together, and Austin said to me, "Young woman, don't you think you can find your way back again to Neville's room?"—I said, "No, I am quite a stranger in town, and don't think I can"-Jones said she had been cook eleven years in a family, and was going out for half a day, and should get 5s. and plenty of broken victuals, and she must leave me—they then left me—I told Austin I wanted to find Neville's house, to get some clothes and money—he went with me, and pretended to show me into Neville's room—he left me at the bottom of the stairs, and said, "That is the room, go up there, young woman"—he then went away—I did not know it was not Neville's room till I went up stairs, and found nothing but shoemakers there-when I came down he was gone—Jones

had gone before—I was in the street, crying—I went into the next house—they called the policeman over to me—I told them how I had been served—they took me to the station-house, and then I went to look for Neville's house, but could not find it—at last I went back to the station-house, and they sent me into the country-again, to my uncle's-when I had been there a week, Mr. Penny came, and brought me to town, and I have been there ever since, and he has taken me into his service—I went before the Magistrate, and have got most all of my clothes and some money back.

Chapman. Was not I in bed when you came to my place? did not I get up and go out and order tea and sugar? Witness. Yes, you got up, lit a fire and went out, and got breakfast-you had breakfast with us-you were not in bed then—I did not see Jones apply any leeches to you.

Neville. Did not you drink a glass of gin at the wine vaults? Witness. Yes, as I felt very faint, and you had some cider—there was no butcher-man there who carried my box—I carried it my self—this is my deposition—(looking at it—the deposition being read, stated, that she had met a butcher in the street)—I met a butcher and asked him where there was a laundress lived, he directed me up the court, but they were not up—I met him again, and he told me to go into the public-house and stop till they were up, which I did, and met Neville there.





JOHN HULL
 (police-constable G 220.) On the 30th of June, I apprehended Jones, in West-street, St. Andrew's—I afterwards went with her to Neville and Chapman's place, in Turnhill-street, and apprehended them—it was about eleven o'clock at night-Neville was partly undressed and going to bed—she pulled off a pair of white stockings, and put on a pair of black ones—the prosecutrix swears to the white ones—I found several new things in the place, which the prosecutrix does not claim—I produce the stockings—I discovered a lotfof wood-ashes under the fire-place—I afterwards went with the sergeant to the lodgings, and found the handle of a box-Austin was given into my custody—he said nothing.





LUCY JACKSON

re-examined. That is the handle of my blue box which I took to Neville's—these stockings are mine—the black ones and the white ones too—I know them by this mark—they were quite new—I had put no mark on them, but there is a blue stamp on them, which was there when I bought them—the black ones I have only worn once—I know them by a stamp on the top.

Neville. I bought them myself in High-street, Borough.
(Letter read.)
"To Mrs. Plummer, at Mrs. Head's, Isleworth, near the Packborse, Turnham-green. Dear Madam, I have sent you this young woman to get her a situation in a laundry, near your place—she is from the country, with an excellent character, and wishes a situation, and you will much oblige your humble servant,

"T. H. PALMER."






LUCY JACKSON

re-examined. I had no acquaintance with Austin before that morning—he is quite a stranger—he did not tell me he was going to send me to Turnham-green.

Austin. The Magistrate sent to Turnham-green, and found this woman was a laundress there.





GEORGE FINDLAY
 (police-constable G 4.) On the 30th of June, I was at the station-house, in Rosoman-street—the prosecutrix came there with a Policeman, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, and I went with her to endeavour to find the place she had been to, to find her property—I

went with her for nearly two hours without success—she could not tell where she had been—I could only trace that she had been seen with a black woman-Inspector Penny sent her back into the country that night-in the course of the same evening Jones was brought to the station-house, and next day I went with Hull to Neville's room—I searched the house and found this handle of a box in the ashes, on the 30th—I went to Bassington's, in Golden-lane, on Sunday the 8th of July, and there received three caps and three handkerchiefs—on Tuesday the 10th, I received a quantity of wearing apparel from Mary Ann Halton, in Golden-lane, which I produce-a person named Hooker was apprehended, from Bassington's account, and was discharged.





LUCY JACKSON

re-examined. These are my caps and handkerchief—they are new—they were marked "L. J.," but the mark has been picked out-here are the traces where they have been—it was marked in red marking thread—the handkerchief is marked "L. J.," also—that mark remains-only one is marked—I know this other, because it is new—there are strings on the handkerchief which is not common—I put them on myself to tie them to my side—this is my gauze handkerchief—this is my shift, and has my mark, "L. J.," on it—this is my pocket, which I had on with the money in it—the money is gone—this is the apron—I have had it a good while.





JOSEPHINE BASSINGTON
. I am the wife of James Bassington, and live at No. 55, Golden-lane. On the afternoon of the last day of June, Mrs. Hooker sold me three caps, and three handkerchiefs, for 3s.—I afterwards gave them to Findlay—on the Friday afterwards she brought me several things to sell, and J would not buy them—I looked at them, and the shifts were marked "L. J."

Austin. Q. How long is it since you were discharged from prison? A. My husband and I had words, and in consequence of that I was in Clerkenwell—it was for nothing bad, only words with my husband.





MARY ANN HATTON
. I am single, and lived servant with Mrs. Hooker, No. 1, Ball-yard, Golden-lane. On Saturday, the 30th of June, between one and two o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner Austin brought some things to my mistress's stall, and asked her to buy them—she said she did not want them—he brought them to me, and I bought two petticoats, four aprons, and four pairs of stockings of him for 95.—he asked me if I would go on an errand for him to pawn two gowns, and if I got 6s. he would give me Is. for myself—I pawned them at Mr. Telfer's, in Whitecross-street—he waited for me till I came back, and delivered him the money, 6s.—he gave me Is.—the prisoner Jones was with him at the time, when I gave him the 6s. he gave it to Jones, and asked me would I mind the duplicate till he came for it, which I did—I afterwards read something in the newspaper about the robbery, and went to the office, and gave up the things.

Austin. Q. What time did I meet you on Saturday morning out with your flowers? A. I was not out with them-you and the prosecutrix did not buy any of me—I did not see you till you came up to me—I was never charged with felony with Mrs. Hooker—I did not state before the Magistrate that I was present at the time Mrs. Hooker bought the property, and gave you 15s.





JAMES TELLER
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Whitecross-street. I

produce two gowns, which were pawned by the witness Hatton, on the 30th of June, for 6s.





LUCY JACKSON

re-examined. These are mine.





WILLIAM PENNY
. I am Inspector of the G division of police. I saw the prosecutrix on the 30th of June, and sent her back into the country—I afterwards brought her back, and she has been living in my service since—I produce a duplicate which I received from Hatton—it is for two gowns pawned for 6s.





JAMES TELFER

re-examined. That is the duplicate I gave for the gowns.





GEORGE BATLEY
. I live with my father, who keeps a coal-shed at No. 32, Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell. On Saturday morning, the 30th of Jane, about six o'clock, the prisoner Chapman came and ordered some coals—I took them, a little after nine o'clock, to next door, No. 33, to a room—I saw Neville in the room—I had seen her in the street before—I also saw Jones and Chapman there—I saw a box in the room, and also a small bonnet-box—the box was wrapped in something brown, with a small cord round it—I left the coals and came away—I did not see the prosecutrix.

Chapman. Q. Did not Austin fetch the coals? A. No-you were on the bed when I came into the room.





ANN CHAPMAN
. I am the wife of John Chapman, who lives at No. 48, Long-lane, and works for his father there. I have known Austin for years—I have washed for him, and spoken to him from time to time—on the Sunday my sister (the prisoner Chapman) wrote to my husband, and I heard of this—on the Wednesday following I met Austin in Cow-lane, about nine o'clock in the morning—he stopped me, and asked where I was going—I told him I was going to work—he said, "A pretty concern about your sister"—I said, "What is it?" pretending to be ignorant of it all—I said, "I heard she was taken up for being tipsy"—he said "It is more than that, I am afraid to be here—I expect to be taken every minute; the officers are after me"—I said, "Have you any thing to do with it?"—he said, "Yes"—we went into the Golden Ball—he told me that on Saturday morning a country girl came from the country, and was brought into my sister's place—he got talking to her, put his arm round her waist, and took from her pocket two sixpences, and eight-pence—he thought the girl felt him do it, and he rolled it up, and put it into her box—he then got into conversation with her, and asked her to take a walk, and he and the black girl went out with her—that in conversation with her, he said, what a foolish girl she was to come to London without money or friends, and she replied, she had brought two sovereigns and a half, and a five shilling piece, besides other small silver with her—he said he left her then, came into the room, broke the box open, and made away with her clothes, and took the money away—I then said I must go to work—I went out, called Scott, a city-policeman, and gave him into custody—he said the best way to make away with the box was by burning it, and he said it was burnt; and Jones told me it was burnt on the Monday.

Austin. Q. How long ago is it since you were convicted at Horsemonger-lane? A. Ten years ago—I was never convicted here in my life—I was not convicted in 1835, by the name of Marshall, for robbing a gentleman.

Austin to
LUCY JACKSON. Q. Did you lose two sixpences, and eight-pence? A. No; but I felt you touch me.


JOHN SCOTT (City police-constable No. 18.) On the 4th of July, the witness Chapman, and Austin were talking together—she "gave me information about him—I followed him, and took him into custody.

Chapman's Defence. I had nothing to do with the property.

Jones's Defence, Chapman and I are both innocent—we fell asleep when we left the room-Neville and I breakfasted together, and Neville lit the fire-Chapman never saw any thing about the place.





JOHN CRIDDLE
 (police-constable H 142.) I produce a certificate of Neville's conviction from Mr. Clark's office—I was present when Neville was convicted—she is the person named in that certificate—(read.)

AUSTIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 42.—


Transported for Seven Years.

NEVILLE—


GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Ten Years.

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
Of larceny only.

CHAPMAN—


NOT GUILTY
.
