





586. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of January
, 1 bonnet, value 1s.; 1 bag, value 1s., and 1 book, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Stillman
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Hannah Amelia 
                           Stillman
                        



. (See page 262.)


                  SUSAN 
                  STILLMAN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Stillman
               



            ; we live at No. 15, Sherrard-street, Golden-square - my daughter 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Amelia
               



             is five years old. On the 17th of January she had been at school the whole of the day, and ought to have returned at a quarter-past four o'clock, but she did not come till a quarter-past five, when she came without her bonnet, her bag, her book, and two or three other things - she was in a very fatigued state, and had been crying.


                  ANN 
                  HOLE
               



            . I keep the school to which this child comes - I tied on her bonnet at four o'clock, on the 17th of January, and sent her home with her bag and her book; my house is not a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's.


                  ANN 
                  LOMAX
               



            . The prisoner came to my shop, No. 78, Monmouth-street, which is about fifty yards from the prosecutor's, on the 17th of January; she brought an old bonnet in her hand for sale; I asked what she wanted for it - she said 6d.; I said I could only sell it for that, and I offered her 4d. - I asked if it was her own; she said Yes, that her sister lived in a gentleman's family, and she should have many of these little things; this is the bonnet.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES GANNELL
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I saw the prisoner on my beat on the 17th of January; I watched her for some time - she went into a marine-store shop, and offered a small jug for sale; the woman would not buy it, as she said she had offered a bonnet for sale - the prisoner said she had sold the bonnet for 4d.; I went and inquired about it, then ran after the prisoner, and took her; she threw the jug away, and broke it - I said I wanted her for a bonnet; she denied it, but I took her to the station, and there she was recognized.


                  SUSAN 
                  STILLMAN
               



            . This is my child
's bonnet.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31. - Transported 


               for Life
            .
