





1345. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     GREENHOW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of May
, 4 pairs of trousers, value 1l. 8s.; 2 waistcoats, value 8s.; 24 dozen of buttons, value 1s. 6d., and 1 pair of drawers, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Ibbotson
                        




                     
                   and another, his masters
            .
THOMAS IBBOTSON. I am a slop-seller
, in partnership with another person, at No. 21, Camomile-street


. The prisoner was in our employ - I have four pairs of trousers, some waistcoats, buttons, and drawers, which I got from different pawnbrokers; they are ours - we missed the cloth ones, but could not miss the others; they are part of our stock.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two pairs of trousers and a waistcoat, pawned with me by a lad - I do not know whether the prisoner brought these, but I have taken some things of him in the name of Henry Rainbow; these things were pawned on the 5th, 6th, and 10th of May - these are the duplicates I gave for them.


                  EDWARD 
                  GRIFFIN
               



            . I have two pairs of trousers and a piece of cloth, pawned by the prisoner on the 3rd, 25th, and 28th of May.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOLSTENHOLME
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a waistcoat, pawned by the prisoner, on the 26th of May; I am sure he is the person - he said he brought it from his father, who was a tailor, named William Greenhow.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ADAM
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two waistcoats, pawned by the prisoner on the 5th and 7th of April.
WILLIAM RILEY. I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and found this large quantity of buttons at his father's house - he said he had taken the things andpawned them; I found the duplicates in one of the cupboards.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
