






303. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BUTLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of January

, 2 coats, value 5l.; and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Price
               



             - and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HARBER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am a harness-maker
, and live at Hythe, in Kent - I was in London on Tuesday, the 31st of December, and met with Butler, who was a stranger to me - he took me to sleep at a house in Westminster



, and while I was there, Morgan saw him take my clothes - I know nothing of Harber.


                  MARY 
                  ANN MORGAN
               



            . I lodge in the house - I went home at half-past ten - the prosecutor and Butler, and a girl, were there - Butler came out, and said they had a flat to deal with, and they would take everything from him - I went in, and was sitting on the bed talking to the girl Cooper, who was in bed with the prosecutor, and Butler took the prosecutor's great coat out of the room - he then came in again and took his other coat - he took them into the next room, and said he was going to get Harber to take them, and keep them till the next morning, and then return them to him.


                  THOMAS 
                  SUTTLE
               



             (police-constable, B 97.) About three o'clock on Wednesday morning the prosecutor came and said he had been robbed of the two coats - he took me to the house - I found Butler there, who said he had been robbed of his coat likewise - I took him and Cooper to the station - I then went back and took Morgan; and when she was going to be locked up, she said that Harber was to meet Butler and her at the Duke of York's monument - we went there and found him sitting on the step with these two coats on over his own, and this handkerchief round his neck - I asked him if he did not live in Jeffrey's-buildings - he said "No" - I then took him.
Property produced and sworn to.
Butler's Defence. On the evening I met the prosecutor,(that was the first time I had seen him) - he asked me to go with him to Merton, which I did - as we came back we drank a great deal; and we met Cooper, who took us to an eating-house near the Surrey Theatre, where we had something to eat and drink - she then took us to a house in Jeffrey's-buildings, where she and the prosecutor went to bed, and I was sent to get something to drink - the prosecutor's clothes were then safe - when I returned I bade them good night; and I was to call the prosecutor early in the morning - I slept on the stairs - I do not know whether I pulled my coat off or not; but in the morning I awoke stiff with cold - I felt for my coat, and it was not there - I awoke the prosecutor - he missed his clothes, and said he should go and try to get them - I said, "Go to the station-house, by all manner of means;" and I stayed till he came back with the officer and took me - I deny having seen Harber till he was taken - I do not know whether Morgan was in the house or not.
Harber's Defence. I found the clothes the night before.
BUTLER. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
HARBER. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
