






1021. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of March

, 14 sovereigns, and three 10l. notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Heaven
                        



                     
                  , from his person
            ; and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  HEAVEN
               



            . On the 15th of March I had three 10l. notes and fourteen sovereigns in a purse in my breeches-pocket - about ten o'clock at night I met 
               
                  Ann 
                  Thompson
               



             in Thames-street, and went with her down an alley leading round to the Shades; we stopped two or three minutes at the bottom of the alley, and she gave me a slap on the face - my hat fell off; I caught her shawl and the shawl, came off - my purse was gone; I observed her particularly, and can swear she is the person - she got away; the officer has part of the money, and the pawnbroker has a 10l. note - I could swear to the purse, but that has not been found.


                  JOHN 
                  HACKETT
               



            . I was sent for from the Grapes public-house between ten and eleven o'clock - the prosecutor said he had lost 44l., and he gave me this shawl, which he said he took from this woman's shoulders; I knew I had seen this woman with it commonly in the street, and I went with my partner the next day to a lodging where she had lived, but we could not find her - I went to a pawnbroker, and said if a woman named Thompson came there they were to stop her; I know nothing of the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SOWERBY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a 10l. note, which I got from the female prisoner early in the morning of the 16th of March, she offered it to pay for some duplicates - having heard of this robbery; I sent for an officer and detained her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAND
               



            . I got change of a check for the prosecutor on the 8th of March, in three 10l. notes and twenty sovereigns; I went to the banking-house on the 16th of March and got the numbers of the notes.


                  MARY 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am niece of Mr. Rushmore, who keeps the White Bear. On the 16th of March the male prisoner came and had some liquor, and left two 10l. notes and nine sovereigns with me - he said it was a legacy left him in the country; he went out returned, and asked for them, and I gave them to him.


                  DAVID 
                  HEALEY
               



            . On the 16th of March information was given at our office; I went and found the male prisoner at No. 73, Lambeth-street, in the privy - I was about to search him, and he dropped two 10l. notes and nine sovereigns; a person who is not here picked them up and gave them to me - he said they did not belong to him, and he knew nothing about them; I then searched him and found 18s.6 1/4d. on him, and 16s. 6 1/4d. on the woman.


                  THOMAS 
                  RIGG
               



            . I am cashier at Key and Co.'s, I paid the witness three 10l. notes, Nos. 2882, 2883, and 2884; dated the 13th of February, 1820.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAND
               



            . I gave the prosecutor the same notes which I had from the banking-house.
MR. HEAVEN. I lost the same notes as I got from Land these are them.
Ann Thompson's Defence. I never set my eyes on the man till I was at Worship-street; I picked up that money on the pavement as I was returning home after selling my goods, I kicked against it, and then picked it up; there were nine sovereigns and three notes - I could not read, I went home and then went to the public-house; I told my husband I had picked up some money - I went to the pawnbroker's next morning to redeem some clothes with the note, ignorant like; the 16s. 6d. I had taken for my goods, I never had that shawl.


                  George 
                  Thomspon
               



            's Defence. My wife came home and said,
"I have been picking up a lot of money." and I found it was three 10l. notes and more sovereigns; the 18s. 6d. found on me was for three pairs of water-proof boots I had made.


                  ANN 
                  THOMPSON
               



             - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Life
            .
GEORGE THOMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
