



999. 




WILLIAM JONES
 was again indicted

for stealing, on the 
14th of February, 6 gold rings, value 30s., the goods of 



Leonard Humphreys Baugh.






LEONARD HUMPHREYS BAUGH
. I am a jeweller, and live at No. 199, Strand. On the 12th of February the prisoner came into my shop with a little boy, and asked to see a coral snap—I took out the tray, on which were various rings, wedding-rings, and snaps—the little boy kept looking over the tray, and the prisoner also—he wanted a different kind of snap—the prisoner at last bought one for 5s., at the same time saying he wanted another one, which I promised to get him in a few days—on the 14th he and the boy came again—he asked if I had got the snap—I said I had not—he asked to see some ear-wires—they were on the tray which he had seen before—I. produced the tray—he bought a pair, and paid me 3s. 6d. for them—as soon as he had gone out I missed six wedding-rings—I had seen them while he was in the shop, and the moment he went out I missed them—I went out immediately in search of him, but could not find him—on the evening of the 22nd he and the boy came again—I was then by myself—the prisoner asked me, "Have you got the brooch?"—I said, "I believe my boy has got it"—I rang my bell, and went between the prisoner and the street-door—my boy came up—I told him to send my neighbour in from next door—the prisoner immediately sent me forcibly out into the middle of the street—I had not made any charge whatever, or said any thing—I just turned my head to see if my neighbour was coming, when he forced me into the middle of the street, and ran out with the boy—I ran after him, calling "Stop thief"—he was stopped in Holywell-street, and taken to Bow-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. He paid you honestly for what he bought? A. He paid 5s. for the snap, and, on the 14th, 3s. 6d. for a pair of wires—I missed the rings two or three minutes after he was gone—I was behind the counter—the rings were on a glass case between me and him—he took my attention to another part of the shop—there were eighteen rings, and other things, in the tray—I had counted them a week before—my young man came in just before the prisoner went out—he drew my attention to the tray the moment he was gone.

COURT. Q. They were all safe when the prisoner came in, and immediately he was gone you missed them? A. Yes—my shopman has

been with me five or six years—I have not had the least reason to distrust him.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.
