





1512. 





JOHN BARROW
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of May, 5 wine-glasses, value 2s. 6d.; 2 salt-holders, value 2s.; 1 breast-pin, value 5s.;1 glass tumbler, value 6d.; 1 jug, value 1s. 6d.; 2 knife-rests, value 2s.; 3 cruets, 1 value 1s.; 1 dagger, value 5s., the goods of 




Sarah Avila, his mistress; and 




HENRY RUFF
 and 



ROBERT RUFF
 were indicted 

for feloniously receiving the same goods, well knowing them to have been stolen.



MR. CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM DAY
. I am in the service of Mrs. Sarah Avila, a pawnbroker, who lives in Mile-end-road. The prisoner Barrow was in her serviceon the 16th of May I searched in his trowsers pocket, and found this letter which is in his handwriting—I went, in consequence of that, with Low and Hunt, to the residence of the prisoners Ruffs, in Wellington-place, Stepney, about three quarters of a mile from my mistress's—they keep a toy shop—we arrived there about a quarter after three o'clock—we found both Henry and Robert Ruff in a little parlour behind the shop—I went in first, and said to them, "You are the very men we want"—they said, "What do you want us for, William?"—I said, "You must know what we want you for"—the officers then came in—we proceeded to search the back parlour, and among other things we found this dagger, these five wineglasses, and the other articles stated—this dagger I can positively swear to—it was the private property of Mr. Samuel Avila, who died on the 16th of March—since then it has been my mistress's property—we had missed articles similar to these other things from the shop—they had been pledged there—the prisoners were then taken into custody—when I found this letter in Barrow's pocket, I took it to Mrs. Avila, and then went for a constable—he went into the parlour first, and then I called Barrow in—I told him I had found this paper in his pocket, and asked him what it all meant—he said, "I will tell you all about it"—I then commenced reading is to him, and asked him who these Ruffs were—he said they were two brothers, and he seemed very anxious to have them taken into custody—he gave me a list of the articles that had been taken, and I wrote down the list as he stated it—(letter read)—"Mr. Henry Ruff,—I wish to see you on Sunday morning particularly, when I go for the milk, at seven or a quarter past seven o'clock—my father is coming to meet me, and I cannot come to year house in the morning—I will be sure to come in the afternoon—I have five wine-glasses, and one pair of glass salts, which were in for 2s.—bring me half-a-crown in the morning—I hope you will be sure and come at that time, or else I shall be found out. Your sincere friend, J. B. I hope you will excuse the writing, I have such a bad pen".





WILLIAM LOW
 (police-constable K 261.) I went with Day to Ruff's house, and assisted in searching the room—we found these articles—Henry Ruff asked me whether John Barrow was all we had got—I said, "Yes"—he stood for a moment hesitating, and then said, "I won't implicate any more"—as he walked along he said to Robert Ruff, "We are done for now"—Robert made no reply.

Henry Ruff. I never said any such thing—as we were going to the station-house, he and his brother officer said we should get fourteen years—I said, "I wish I was on board a ship now, as I am ashamed to go through the street where every body knows us". Witness. Yes, he did.





GEORGE HUNT
 (police-constable K 136.) I went to the house, and assisted in finding these articles—I heard the expression stated by Low, and in going to the office, Henry Ruff said, "I suppose we shall get fourteen years"—Robert Ruff said to me, "What do you think of it?"—I said I

could say nothing to that—Robert said, "I wish we were transported at once out of the way"—the house is a lodging house—the two Ruffs keep the shop and parlour.

Henry Ruff. It was I that asked him what he thought.

Barrow's Defence. These men came to me two nights as I was going to close the shop, with that dagger in their coat, and said if I did not get there things they would murder me—they came into the shop one night when the dagger laid on the counter, and took it away—there was no-body but me to mind the shop.

Henry Ruff. We never did any such thing.

JOHN BARROW—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.

HENRY RUFF—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.




Transported for Fourteen Years.

ROBERT RUFF—


NOT GUILTY
.
