



2182. 




SUSAN FITZGERALD
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
24th of October, 2 shawls, value 7s.; 1 cloak, value 2s.; 1 petticoat, value 2s.; 1 cap, value 2s.; 1 sovereign; and 1 half-crown; the goods and monies of 



Mary Bonham.






MARY BONHAM
. The prisoner came to me about ten days previous to the 24th of October, 1834, to take part of my bed, as I am a poor widow, and

I let it her for 1s. 6d. a week—she showed me a letter she had from Ireland, where she had property coming to her, bedding, and money, and other things—she had nothing to support her, and I supported her nine or ten days—I took pity on her—she got me to write a letter to her mother, telling her the situation she was in, and there came a letter to me from her mother on the 22nd or 23rd—I went to the waggon-office to see if this property was come, and it was not—she was taken ill on the night of the 23rd—she was up and down stairs, and between four and five o'clock the next morning she got up—I thought she stopped too long in the yard—I got up to see about her, and missed all my things—I then searched my pocket, and missed the sovereign and half-crown—all was gone—I never saw her again till the 10th of this month—I met her in Manchester-street—she denied me and did not know me, till I was determined to give her in charge, she then begged me not to expose her—she wished me to come to her room, and said she had plenty to make me amends for my loss—she took me down Bond-street, through Berkeley-square—I found she was leading me astray—I was very ill and just out of the hospital—I said I would go no further, and she ran away—I cried, "Stop thief!"—she was taken in Mays'-mews and brought to me—she begged me not to give her to an officer—I had to pay this money, as I had borrowed it.





BARTHOLOMEW BULKELEY
 (police-constable, 137 C.) I took the prisoner in charge.

Prisoner's Defence. I had two sovereigns of my own, and placed a sorereign and a half in her hands till I should want it—when I wanted it, I told her—she said she would borrow it for me—she borrowed it the same night, and told me she would call me at four o'clock, and she told me to take the money in the morning, which I did—I had left my things there to the value of 35s.

Witness. she did not leave a thing behind her, nor a farthing—she never had a halfpenny but what I provided her with.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
