






1797. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     NORTHFIELD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     PERROTEN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of August
, 1 pocket-book, value 18 pence, and one 10l. Bank note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dyte
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN DYTE. I am a pen-maker
, and live at No. 106, Strand. On the 24th of August, about twelve o'clock in the morning, I received a 10l. note at Messrs. Hankeys', Fenchurch-street, which I put into my pocket-book in my pocket, and went on to Bucklersbury; I stopped in Clement's-lane about a minute - I got into a house in Bucklersbury


, stopped there about five minutes, and missed it as I came out; I had received it about a quarter of an hour; the prisoners are strangers to me - I went to the Bank the same day to give information, and while there the note was presented; I was in the secretary's office - I had noticed the number and signature on the note when I received it; my pocket-book has not been found.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you sober? A. Perfectly so; I put my pocket-book into my inside coat pocket behind - I am certain of that; I consider it a very safe pocket - I felt nobody at it; my handkerchief was not in my pocket, but in my hat; I called at a house in Clement's-lane, but seeing a person of the same business there, I did not wish him to know I dealt there, and left - I stopped no where else till I came to Bucklersbury; my pocket is a very deep one, and the book was not large - I have no idea of the distance of Bucklersbury from Fenchurch-street; I suppose it is about half a mile - my pocket was not cut; the book contained papers and a card; I am certain I put it into my pocket.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  ALEXANDER
               



            . I am a dealer and salesman, and live at No. 10, Field-lane, Holborn. On the 24th of August, about two o'clock, the prisoners came to me to purchase some clothes - they looked out two waistcoats and a pair of trousers, which came to 18s., and offered me this 10l. note; I said I had no cash in the house to give change, and immediately ran to the Bank to get change for it - it was stopped; Mr. Dyte was there - I returned with him; we met an officer on the road, and he went with us to my house; the prisoners were waiting there - I had told them I was going to change the note at the Bank, and found them waiting; they were immediately given into custody - I had never seen them before.
Cross-examined. Q. Yours is a clothes shop? A. Yes; I looked at the note, and told them to wait while I went to the Bank to see if it was right - I was gone about a quarter of an hour; I had told them I was going to investigate about the note.
COURT. Q. Had you any suspicion of it? A. No, but if I have a large note, I always make inquiry to see if it is a good one - I took it to the Bank, because if it was a bad note I should lose my money.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you sure you told them you went not only to get change, but to investigate? A. I did- I left them in my back parlour; my wife was with them.
COURT. Q. Do you mean to say that when you firstgave an account of this transaction, you stated that you told them you were going to the Bank to investigate about the note? A. I might not have said so at first, but perhaps the question was not put to me - I presented it at the Bank for change; I believe I asked the gentleman if it was a good note.
JURY. Q. Can you tell the exact words you made use of to the prisoners? A. I told them I should go to the Bank to get it changed, and see if it was good.


                  JOHN 
                  LENT
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Hankey. On the 24th of August I paid Mr. Dyte a 10l. note for a cheque, drawn by Aaron Solomons; the note produced corresponds in number and date with the one I paid him.


                  MARMADUKE 
                  BLAKE SAMPSON
               



            . I am a clerk in the secretary's office at the Bank. This 10l. note was presented by Alexander between one and two o'clock, and stopped - we never issue two notes of the same number and date.


                  HENRY 
                  HODGES
               



            . I am a constable. On the 24th of August Mr. Dyte passed me in the Poultry; I went with him to Alexander's, found the prisoners there, and asked how they became possessed of the 10l. note; they said they picked it up in Thames-street.
Cross-examined. Q. Dyte was present when they said said they had picked it up? A. I think so; the prisoners were in Alexander's parlour waiting his arrival - he told them it was all wrong.
Northfield's Defence. We did not say we picked it up in Thames-street - we were coming down Thames-street, and up Walbrook.
Perroten's Defence. I met Northfield, and at the corner of Walbrook he picked up the pocket-book, opened it, and it contained a 10l. note; he threw the pocket-book away, and went to Alexander's to change the note - he said he would go to the Bank, and get it cashed, and we waited till he returned.
NORTHFIELD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
PERROTEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Life
            .
