




368. 




JOHN JONES
 and 




GEORGE HARRISON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of December, 1 snuff-box, value 1s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; the goods of 



Samuel Whitfield Danks.






SAMUEL WHITFIELD DANKS
. I am an agent to Messrs. Gilbie and Co. On the night of the 19th of December, I had been to Drury-lane theatre—when I was there I had both my handkerchief and box in my hind Pocket, and when I got a very little distance from the theatre, I felt for my

handkerchief, and missed it—I knew nothing more of it till the next morning—it was then produced to me—this is my snuff-box and handkerchief.





JOHN PHILLIPS
. I am a cab man. I recollect seeing the prisoners many nights before this—on the 19th of December I saw them for half an hour previous to the theatre breaking up—they were in company, attempting several gentlemen as they came down—trying their pockets—that induced me to watch them—I saw them following a gentleman, (I cannot say it was the prosecutor,) and take something from his pocket—they turned up a court, and Jones showed Harrison what appeared to me to be a silver snuff-box—I followed them up the court, but did not meet a policeman till near the top of Drury-lane—I then told him, and he went and took them both—Harrison began to make some resistance, and I took hold of Jones—the handkerchief and snuff-box were found on Jones.





THOMAS DAVID MITCHELL
 (police-constable F 68.) I was on duty, and Phillips told me of this—I crossed and took both the prisoners—Harrises resisted—I got Phillips to hold Jones while I searched Harrison, and while I did that, Phillips produced the snuff-box from Jones's pocket—I then took them to the station, and found this handkerchief in Jones's hat.

Harrison. You said you saw me not two minutes in the man's company. Witness. I saw you both coming up the lane before Phillips spoke to me.

Jones's Defence. I found the handkerchief and snuff-box in the Strand.

Harrison's Defence. I was at a public-house in Drury-lane, at a club, which meets every Monday—I came out and met Jones—I was not two minutes in his company, when the officer took me.

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

HARRISON—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.




Transported for Seven Years.
