






51. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WRIGHT
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     EPHRAIM 
                     WILTON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Dyer
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
SAMUEL DYER. I am a carpenter
, and live at No. 52, Compton-street, Goswell-street. On the afternoon of the 3rd of November, between four and half-past four o'clock, I was in Smithfield
, and felt something at my pocket, having a few half-pence in it I felt the pocket hit against my thigh - I turned round, and saw the prisoners behind me, and my handkerchief in Wright's hand - he dropped it - I took it up, and took them both, and held them till the officer came - Wilton was about half a yard from him - therewas no crowd there - they appeared to me to be in company, but I did not see them communicate together at all- they remained there - I took them both.
Wilton. I was coming from my aunt's and walking behind a gentleman who turned round and accused me of stealing his handkerchief; I gave myself up to his custody directly.


                  GEORGE 
                  LOCK
               



            . I am a City-policeman, No. 12. I received the prisoners in custody - I was coming from Smithfield Bars - I did not see the transaction - the prosecutor had the handkerchief in his hand, and the prisoners were standing close by.
Wright. I was begging his pardon.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DYER
               



            . This is my handkerchief.
WRIGHT - 

               GUILTY
            *. Aged 12. - 

               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WILTON. 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
