



927. 




WILLIAM WALLIS DUNLOP
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Samuel Matthew, about the hour of one o'clock in the night of the 
24th of march, at 
Saint Margaret, Westminster, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 necklace, value 10s.; 1 knife value 6d. and knife, value 6d. the goods of 



Ann Standard; 1 knife, value 1s. 3 ounces of tea, value 1s. 100 percnssion caps, value 1s. knife value 22 cigars, value 2s. 10z. of tobacco, value 2s. 6d.; 1 six pence; 52 halfpence; and 6 farthings; the goods and monies of the said 



Samuel Matthews.






JAMES STARK
. I am servant to Samuel Matthews, of the North umberland Arms, in Charles-street, Westminster, in the parish of Saint Margaret. On Tuesday night, the 23rd of March, I saw the prisoner in the tap-room about eleven o'clock—I asked him what he wanted there—he said he wanted his father—I asked him who his father was—he said his father was a carpenter. living at No. 23, Tufton-street, and I think he said his name was Mr. Brown—I told him to go out and he went out—next morning, when I came down, at ten minutes to six o'clock, I found him lying on one of the seats of the tap-room—I went to the door and found it was unbolted—I went back into the tap-room again, and the prisoner was gone down into the cellar—I rang the bell, and called my master—he sent the bar-maid down to see what was the matter—she came down stairs, then went up, and told master, and he came down himself—he went down into the cellar, and brought the prisoner up—I went for a policeman—the door I found unfastened my master had fastened the night before after the prisoner left—I found penknife, a necklace, and lancet, on the seat in the tap-room; also forty-two papers of tobacco—twenty-two cigars—some percussion-caps—3oz. of tea in a canister, and a kitchen knife—I looked about to see how he could have got into the house—he said that he came in the night before

about twelve o'clock, before the house was shut up, and concealed himself under one of the seats in the top-room, before the door of the house was shut—the shutter of the bar was removed—there is a partition goes up of four large shutters—his hand was small enough to pull a bolt up at the side of the shutter—the things—I found on the seat had been taken from the bar.





SAMUEL MATTHEWS
. I keep the house. On the morning of the 24th of March I was called at six o'clock, or five minutes before—I found the prisoner in the cellar, concealed between tow barrels—I brought him upstairs, and gave him into the custody if Cooper—I said nothing to him till the officer arrived—I made him no promise or threat—then asked how he got in—he said he got in before the house was shut up—I then asked him where he concealed himself when I went into the tap-room to see whether the gas was safe, which was as half-past twelve o'clock, as near as possible—he said, "Under the settle." and he showed me where he was concealed—I asked if he saw me—he said he did—he showed me how he got into the bar—the bar was broken into, though no violence was used—the shutters are very old, and one corner of a shutter was worn away a little, sufficiently for a boy of that ago to get his hand in and unbolt it, and then take the shutter down—he told me that was how he got in, and he showed me how he did it—he opened the door to get it—it was day-light by the time I came down in the morning—it is impossible to ascertain at what time he let down the shutter to get into the bar—the value of the property is about 35s.—the bar-maid's property is a necklace, a penknife, and a lancet—I had been my own things at twelve o'clock at night.





GEORGE COOPER
. I am a policeman. On the 24th March I was called into the prosecutor's house, and took the prisoner in charge—I saw on the tap-room table one box and forty-two screws of tobacco, and twenty. two cigars—I took him to the watch-house, and found on him 2s. 11d. in copper money, and one counterfeit shilling—he showed me how he got into the bar, by shifting the shutter, and pulling the bolt.




GUILTY of stealing only. Aged 14.—Recommended to mercy on account of his youth.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
