





1932. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BUCKLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of July
, 1 basket, value 2s.; 9 live tame rabbits, price 9s.; 5 live tame fowls, price 7s. 6d., and 1 live tame duck, price 1s. 6d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cockerton
                  




               
            ; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COOKERTON
               



            . I came from Suffolk to London on the 30th of July with a basket of rabbits and fowls, but I do not know the number; I believe there was a duck in the basket - they belonged to 
               
                  George 
                  Bread
               



             - I should think they were worth a sovereign; when I got to Whitechapel church


 I heard a cry of Stop thief! I got down, looked at the hind part of my waggon, and missed the basket.


                  JOHN 
                  SEFFORD
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On Saturday morning, the 30th of July, I was in Whitechapel; the prisoner left a cart, then came to me, and said, "What do you think of these waggoners? they would not give me a ride to Spitalfields:" I said I would not be under an obligation to them - he then asked if I had seen two men with baskets - I said No; he then crossed over the road - I stood at a door, and watched him - I saw him go to this waggon, take the basket, and run round a corner; I pursued, he dropped the basket: I pursued to Colchester-street, and found him squatting down behind an old boiler - I sprang my rattle, and another officer came, one went round one way, and the other the other; we took the prisoner - he then pretended to be very drunk, and suffered himself to be dragged out; I then took up this basket.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me take the basket? A. Yes; I had seen you watching the carts the morning before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ARGENT
               



            . I took the prisoner last December; I saw him tried here, but I have not a certificate of his conviction. 

               GUILTY
             of stealing only. Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
