



41. 




CHARLES GEILS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of October, 1 watch, value 15s.; 1 key, value 2d.; and I ribbon, value 2d.;. the goods of 




Henry Rust.






HENRY RUST
 I work in the Hackney-road, at an oil and colour-shop. On the 18th of October I had a watch in the shop, just by the side of the writing-desk—I went out for about ten minutes, and when I returned it was gone—I had never seen the prisoner in the shop—I have seen him about the neighbourhood—I made inquiry, and gave information, and the next day the pawnbroker came to me with it—this it my watch—(looking at it.)






WILLIAM AUSTIN
. I live at Mr. Attenborough's, in Shoreditch. This watch was pledged with me on the 19th of October, by the prisoner, in the name of Taylor.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Did you know him? A. I know the family very well, they always pledge in the name of Taylor—his mother and sister live in Charlotte-street, I know, by putting that on the tickets—that is the only reason I know it, it is from persons of that name coming, that I think the prisoner is a brother—I know his countenance by his sister's—I never saw him before—the pledging did not take long—it was in the day-time—there was only the prisoner, and I and another man in the shop.

COURT. Q. Are you sure he is the same person? A. Quite sure.





MARY SULMAN
. I served the prisoner with two penny candles, on the 18th—I do not know whether the watch was in the shop at the time.

Cross-examined. Q. What shop do you keep? A. An oil and colour-shop—I never served on that day—I served the prisoner in the absence of the man—I did not say, the following night when another boy came into the shop, "That is the boy that I served"—I said, this boy I thought was the boy that same into the shop.





JAMES CLARKE
 (police-sergeant's N 18.) I went to the prisoner's father's and apprehended him two days after the watch was lost.




GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years to the Isle of Wight prison.
