




1293. 




JOHN STACEY
 was indicted for

embezzlement; and




SAMUEL GODWIN



as an accessory after the fact, and that he had been been before convicted of felony.


Stacey pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.






MARGARST NEAVE
. I am the wife of James Neave; he keeps a public-house. Stacey lived with us as pot-boy—I sent him to get change for a £10 note on the 3rd of May—he never returned it to me—I know nothing of God win.





FRANCES REDIT
. I am niece to Mr. Carpenter. Stacey came to me for change for a £10 note—I gave him a £5 note and five sovereigns.





JAMES NEAVE
. When I came home, about eleven o'clock, I was told the boy had had the £10 note, and not returned—I gave notice to the policeman.





JOHN KINGHAM
. I am a publican. On the 3rd of May Stacey came to me in the evening, after he had run away, at half-past eleven o'clock, for half a pint of rum, and got change for a sovereign—I have collected the rent for the room which Godwin lives in for two years—I never saw Stacey till that night, to my knowledge—the next day they came into my house together, at half-past six o'clock, and they were both intoxicated—they went into the tap-room, and came out, and had some gin, Stacey ordered some tea; and then he called me into my kitchen, and said, "I have taken a liberty with you, I hope you will excuse it; I have been working very hard for a long time to get a sovereign or two into your hands, as my father-in-law wants to go to Bristol"—I took the sovereign—he said, "Take your reckoning out of that"—they then left my house to go to the coach-office—I knew no more till Mr. Neave came to me, about nine o'clock—we got two officers, and found both the prisoners in bed—I never knew any thing of Godwin but as an honest, hard-working old man—Stacey stated that he rigged the old man out—I certainly saw the old man altered in his appearance, from a poor man to half a gentleman, with a new suit of clothes and a new hat on.





EDWARD WILD
. I am a policeman. At a quarter past nine o'clock Mr. Neave came to the station—I went, and found Stacey in bed, very much intoxicated—I asked if he had got any property—he said he did not know—he pulled out 51/4d., a comb and knife—I saw there was some more money in his pocket—I took out four sovereigns and two half-sovereigns—I did not see Godwin till he was taken into custody—he was not in the same house—he did not say any thing to me.





JOHN WOODHOBSK
 (police-sergeant M 13.) On Thursday, the 4th of May, I went to Lowman Pond, and found Godwin in bed, drunk—I said, "Do you know any thing of your son stealing a £10 note?"—he said, "No"—I said he must go with me—he said he would not—I said, "Get your clothes, and put them on"—he looked about, and said, "Where are my clothes? I suppose they have taken them away again"—I said, "What clothes?"—he said what his son had bought him; and he said, "I suppose the old b—has taken them away," meaning his wife—he said, "Do the best you can, you can only make a breach of trust of it"

Godwin. I do not recollect that I said such a thing—as to the money, I know nothing about it—the boy bought a couple of coats, and gave me one of them.




NOT GUILTY
.
