






1047. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     EWEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BARTLETT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of March
, 1 pair of boots, value 1s. 6d., and 1 hat, value 7s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Mele
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Frederick 
                           Mele
                        



.
JAMES MELE. I live in Farrier's-rents, Bishopsgate; my son Frederick is four years and a half old. On the 12th of March I came home at four o'clock, and my child
 was missing; I had seen him at twelve o'clock, when I had been at home - I found him at five o'clock, but he had no hat or shoes.


                  JANE 
                  MEYER
               



            . I live with my uncle at the Dyer's Arms, in Long-alley. On the 12th of March I was at my uncle's window, and saw the two prisoners pass, carrying this child - Bartlett had it; it had a hat and a pair of boots on at that time - I thought all was not right, and told Mr. Roberts, who went in pursuit of them - I saw Ewen taken into custody.


                  ISAAC 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a baker; I live five doors from Miss Meyer. I went into the house to smoke my pipe; while I was there Miss Meyer told me of this, and said it was not all right - she then went out, came in again, and said,"They are stripping the child;" I went out, and Ewen had come away - I saw Bartlett and the child on the ground: I said to Ewen, "What have you been doing to that child?" he said nothing; I pulled his coat aside, and took these boots from him - he said a boy gave them to him; I got a man to look for Bartlett, but he was gone; a young man took the child, and I took the boots to the officer, who found the parents.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. On the day stated, the witness brought Ewen and the boots to me; I took Bartlett on the Saturday following - I cannot find the hat.(Shoes produced and sworn to.)
Bartlett's Defence. I was at my master's at the time of the robbery.
EWEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
BARTLETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoners.
