




1110. 




THOMAS RAMSDEN
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
7th of April, 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 comb, value 6d.; 2 half-sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, 7 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the goods and monies of 



Henry Margetson, from his person; and 




FREDERICK CROFT CALDER
 was indicted for

feloniously receiving 1 half-sovereign, part of the same monies, well knowing it to have been stolen.






HENRY MARGETSON
. I am a waiter out of employ—my last place was at the Crown and Anchor booth, at Greenwich fair. On the 7th of April I lost two half-sovereigns, two half-crowns, 7s. 6d., a comb, and a handkerchief—I left work at four o'clock in the morning, and went to a house to get some refreshment—I had occasion to go to the privy, and through the fatigue of the last three or four days, I fell asleep—when I awoke, the prisoner Ramsden was standing before me, and he appeared agitated—I put my hand into my pocket, and missed my handkerchief—I asked him if he knew any thing about it—he said he saw it last on a sofa in the parlour of the house where I had taken my refreshment—I went to the sofa—my handkerchief was not there—I then missed my money—I asked the landlord who had been there—he said, no one but the prisoner—I went out, and got a policeman, but the prisoner had left the house, and gone half through the fair—he was there taken, and brought back to the house—I had bitten one of my half-sovereigns the night before, so as to know it again by two slight marks, upon it—when Ramsden was brought back to the house to be searched, he threw or passed one half-sovereign to the prisoner Calder—I did not see the money, but I saw something pass from Ramsden to Calder, as he was standing by him before the fire—Calder was afterwards searched, and the half-sovereign found on him—when the policeman saw something pass, he went to Calder, and asked what had passed—he said, "Nothing"—he said he must take him into a private room to search him, and he then handed over the half-sovereign—I found no more of my money—it was about four o'clock in the morning when I went to the house—I had been perhaps two hours in the house before I went to the other place—it was about eight o'clock in the morning when I gave the prisoner into custody.

Ramsden. When I went to the house, he was sitting with two young women—he got up, and asked me to drink—he went out with one young woman, and was away some time—I sat with the rest of the young men—I went to the water-closet, and found him asleep—I awoke him, and made him come out—the half-sovereign which I handed to Calder I had received in part of my wages. Witness. I was sitting with one young woman—I did not ask him to drink—I might have drank out of his pot—he did not shake me to awake me—he was standing before me agitated when I awoke—previous to this he had no money, for he borrowed 6d. of one of his fellow-workmen—he said he was gone to the booth while I went for the policeman, and he would come and pay for a pot of beer.

Calder. There was nothing said about a private room, the policeman taxed me with it, and I said I did not know—I unbuttoned my waistcoat, and the half-sovereign fell out—it had been put in my bosom—the prosecutor

was very tipsy, and when we went to the station, he said, "I don't charge you with the robbery, but Ramsden". Witness. You denied having the half-sovereign, and then produced it, when you were threatened with being-searched—I was not tipsy—I charged Ramsden with the robbery.





JOHN BRADSHAW
 (police-constable R 126.) The prisoner Ramsden was given into my custody—I saw him coming out of a house in the street where the fair is held—we went back to the house, and I saw him pass something to Calder—I asked him what he had received from Ramsden—he said, "Nothing"—I took him across the room, and he held out this half-sovereign to me, which the prosecutor claimed—I am able to say that Calder had it in his hand, as he had no opportunity of putting his hand into his pocket till he produced it—the moment Ramsden went into the house, he went up to Calder, who stood near the fire, and some words passed between them, but I could not hear what.

Calder. Q. Did you come and tax me, and say what was that passed, and I said I did not know—I opened my waistcoat and produced the half-sovereign? A. You did not produce the half-sovereign—I searched both your waistcoat-pocket—Ramsden said, in going to the station, that he gave Calder the half-sovereign, to get him some refreshment if he should be locked up.





HENRY MARGETSON

re-examined. I know this half-sovereign to be the one I had, by two slight marks on it.

Ramsden. I do not know whether the one I gave to Calder was marked or not—I am likely to bite money when I take it in the booth—the one I took from my pocket was one I received for my work in the booth—I put it in Calder's waistcoat-pocket.





EDWARD DUKES JACOBS
. The prosecutor, and Calder, and I were waiters at the Crown and Anchor booth—we were in the ball-room as waiters for the day—we stopped till about two o'clock on Thursday morning, and then went to a house to have some refreshment—we had several pots of ale, and the prosecutor went out—while he was gone we went up-stairs, and stopped till the report of the robbery was made known to us by the landlord, who told us of it—we thought the prosecutor was gone to take a walk in the fair.

Calder's Defence. The inspector asked the prosecutor whether he gave charge of me, and he said, "No, I don't give charge of him; the other has taken my money"—I had to attend at the Magistrate's in an hour and a half, and if I had known it had been stolen I should not have gone there.





HENRY MARGETSON

re-examined. It is impossible that the money could have fallen on the floor of the place where I sat—I had described the marks on the half-sovereign to the officer before it was shown to me—the other half-sovereign was not bit—I generally bite them to see if they are good.

JURY
Q. Probably all the money that was taken in the booth that evening was bitten? A. I don't know; but I know that Ramsden had no money, because he borrowed some; and when I was going to get a policeman, he said he would go and get his wages, and come and pay for what he had been drinking.

Ramsden. If I am allowed to write, I can bring proof that I received a half sovereign that night of my master, and I have 16s. now coming to me.





JOHN BRADSHAW

re-examined. I asked Ramsden, in going to the Magistrates', whether he could bring proof where he got the half-sovereign—he said he could not, for the persons were gone—I held him by the collar all the way.

for there was a severe attempt to rescue in the house, and he wrested my staff out of my hand.

RAMSDEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.

CALDER—


NOT GUILTY
.

First Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
