





2033. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of October
, three clocks, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Miller
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  MILLER
               



            . I make Dutch clocks
, and live in Broad-street, Bloomsbury


. On the 15th of October I was at work in my back-parlour; I looked round, and saw a person taking three clocks out of the window - I went into the shop and he ran off with them; he ran fifteen or eighteen yards and then dropped them - I pursued him four or five hundred yards; he got out of my sight, but I had given the alarm, and the prisoner was found soon afterwards - I had not seen his face in my shop, but by his garments he is the person, to the best of my knowledge.
Prisoner. He said he did not see any one drop them. Witness. Yes; I saw you drop these three clocks - to the best of my knowledge he is the man.


                  JAMES 
                  COBBINS
               



            . I am a Policeman. I heard the alarm, and saw this man as I believe, (by his wearing apparel,) run, and a great many persons following - I came up, and a young man who had followed him close, said, "He is gone into this house;" I waited there ten minutes, and sent to the station-house - when the officer came I went in with the serjeant and some woman; we brought the prisoner out - he said, "Let me go; I will go quietly;" from his clothing I have no doubt he is the same person, but I did not see his face.


                  CHARLES 
                  FREDERICK FIELD
               



            . I had information of the loss of these clocks; I went into the house, and saw the prisoner concealed behind a bed - I said, "You are the man I want;" I brought him out - he said, "Don't collar me; I will go quietly;" in going along, he said, "I never was in trouble before."
Prisoner. He asked me whether I had been. Witness. I did not; I asked if your mother was coming, and you said, "I don't know, I never was in trouble before."
Prisoner's Defence. I was sitting on the corner of the bed, bad with a cough; I was not near the shop, nor had the clocks.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
