





386. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of December
, 1 purse, value 6d.; 7 sovereigns, and 4 half-sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Craddock
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOSEPH CRADDOCK. On the morning of the 23rd of December, about two o'clock, I went through Newcastle-court


, to No. 13, which is a brothel; I saw the prisoner outside the door - she asked me to give her some refreshment - she looked very ill, and I said I would; I had a purse containing seven sovereigns, and four half-sovereigns, in my hand - she asked me to go into the house, which I did; I took some silver from my other pocket, and gave to the woman to fetch something; the prisoner asked me to sit down - I sat down, but said I could not stop; she then came on my knee - I said, "I don't want any thing to do with you, keep away;" she put her hand into my pocket, and I missed my purse - there was another girl in the room; I called the officer, but nothing was found - my purse was in my pocket when I sat down.
Prisoner. You had used the house before; you sat down in a chair, and threw 1s. on the table, and said,"Landlady, fetch some gin." Witness. No, I never was in the house in my life before; I merely went there to give her some refreshment.


                  EDWIN 
                  NOFT
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was called in, and received charge of the prisoner; there was another woman in the room - I searched them both, but found nothing; the landlady came into the room, but I did not search her, as the prosecutor said she had not been there when he lost his purse.
JURY. Q. Was the prosecutor sober; he had been drinking, but was sober enough to tell what had happened - he stated at Bow-street the same as he has here; the landlady stood on the opposite side of the room; she went in when I did.
JOSEPH CRADDOCK. I had been drinking freely, but was not tipsy; I might have been a little elevated, but I am certain her hand was in my pocket - the landlady said the next day, "Your nine sovereigns are not worth a brass candlestick; part of it shall go to pay a good counsel to defend her."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
