





Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Patteson.
526. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     REEVES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Byway
                        




                     
                  , on the 11th of January
, and stealing therein 1 watch, value 2l. 10s.; 1 set of fleams, value 5s.; 1/2lb. of cigars, value 5s.; 1 guinea, 1 half-sovereign, 7 shillings, and 6s. in coppers, his property
            .



                  JAMES 
                  BYWAY
               



            . I keep a public-house
 in Long-acre


. I apprehend somebody had remained in my house over night, and broken out of the kitchen - I saw the prisoner in my tap-room drinking on the evening of the 10th of January, at a quarter to ten o'clock, and never saw him go out; he had lived with me above twelve months - at six o'clock next morning the Policeman alarmed me, and I found I had been robbed; I lost the property stated in the indictment - there was more than 7s. in shillings, and 6s. in farthings, and 5s. or 6s. in halfpence, or penny-pieces; I saw part of the property again on the 13th at No. 52 Monmouth-street; the prisoner was in the room - 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



            , the officer, was with me; he searched him, and found a sovereign and a half on him, (not a guinea;) we found half a pound of cigars tied up in a newspaper, and a set of fleams - we asked him about my watch - he denied it for a considerable time; at last he fetched us the duplicate out of a crack in a small cupboard; we found some tea, coffee, and other things in his box, which I believe was taken from my bar.


                  GEORGE 
                  ADAMSON
               



             I am a pawnbroker. I have a watch, which the prisoner pawned in the name of Archer, on the, 11th of January - it is worth about 2l. 10s; I lent him 1l. which was all he asked for.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am pot-boy to the prosecutor. I remember seeing the prisoner on the night of the 10th of January, at half-past eleven o'clock - I shut up at twelve; I did not see him go out.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a Policeman. I went with Mr. Byway to the prisoner's lodging - his account is quite correct.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s only
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
