





458. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of August
, 25 gowns, value 30l.; 1 gold watch, value 10l.; 1 chain, value 10s.; 1 diamond key-brooch, value 15l.; 1 Maltese-cross, value 4l.; 5 ladies' hats, value 6l.; 10 shifts, value 7l.; 15 pairs of stockings, value 6l.; 4 Prayer-books, value 30s.; 1 pair of sheets, value 2l.; 6 shirts, value 6l.; 1 trunk and cover, value 5l.; 1 liquor-case, value 50s., and 1 sovereign
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Cohen
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  COHEN
               



            . On the 24th of August I returned to town from Margate - I had nine packages of luggage; I arrived at St. Katharine-wharf about four o'clock in the afternoon - I had a porter named Cooper, who was there; I have a counting-house in Great St. Helens - the luggage was taken there by the prisoner 
               
                  William 
                  Smith
               



            , and Cooper; in consequence of what my porter said to me at Great St. Helens, I employed Cooper and the prisoner to take the luggage again to Islington - there were between twenty and thirty gowns, worth perhaps 20l. or 30l.; there was a gold watch and chain, worth 10 guineas; a Maltese-cross, worth 4l. 4s.; five or six hats, shifts, stockings a liquor-case and other things, and I sovereign - they were packed at Margate - they never arrived at Islington; I never saw the prisoner again till last Friday - Cooper has been with me ever since; part of the property has been found - when I saw the prisoner he was at the Police-office, Lambeth-street.


                  THOMAS 
                  COOPER
               



            . I attended at St. Katharine-dock on the 24th of August, by order of my master, Mr. Cohen - the luggage was taken to St. Helens, and there delivered to me and the prisoner to go to Islington - there were nine packages, and they were put into a truck at the St. Katharine-dock; taken first to Great St. Helens, and then I went with the prisoner as far as Liverpool-street


; I then left him, as I was engaged another way - the prisoner had asked me for a job, and I recommended him to Mr. Cohen; on leaving the prisoner near the Roman Catholic chapel, I directed him which way to go to Islington - he would have to go a good mile and a quarter after I left him; I did not see the prisoner again till Friday last, at the Police-office - I have looked for him a good many times, but could not find him before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STANNARD
               



            . I am a Policeman, No. 12 G. division. In consequence of information I took the prisoner, in company with his wife, in Chiswell-street, on the 12th of February - they made some resistance; I told him I took him for a robbery - a man named Sheen resisted my taking them very much; I took them to Bunhill-row.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVERY
               



            . I am a Policeman, No. 175 G. division. I took the prisoner from the last witness; I had him at a public-house near the office, before he was before the Magistrate - I made him no threat or promise; I asked what he was charged with - he asked if I could recollect a robbery in Whitechapel; I said No - he then asked if I recollected a gentleman named Cohen entrusting some property to a porter; I said I did - he said, "Then I am the man, and Sheen (using a horrid expression) assisted me in doing it, and had part of the property;" I cautioned him that his own words might convict him - he said he did not care a d-n, for that, for there were witnesses enough to transport him; but he was sure they could not make it a robbery, but a breach of trust.

Prisoner. I was in liquor. Witness. No, he was quite sober.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth-street. In consequence of some information I went to a house in Cheshire-street, Waterloo-town, which I was informed the prisoner had taken, but I did not see him there - I saw his wife there; she said she was his wife, and I saw her in the lock-up place at our office last Friday; she brought the prisoner something to eat and drink - I found a variety of articles of wearing-apparel, with the marks cut out; they were produced here at last September Session, and sworn to by the prosecutor, when I apprehended two men for receiving part of the property; I found on that woman a key, and went to another house, where I found part of the property - she was admitted an evidence on the last trial.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
