





590. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BAKER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of February
, 3 reams of paper, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Hawkes
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Collett
                     



.
2nd. COUNT. Stating it to be the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hunt
               



             and another.
JOSEPH COLLETT. I am twelve years old - I know the nature of an oath - I am shop-boy
 to Mr. Hunt - he sent me with three reams of paper to Mr. Hawkes's, in Shoreditch - when I got to the end of South-street, a boy came up, and asked if he should help me up with the paper - I said yes, if he pleased - he then asked where - I was going - I said, "To Mr. Hawkes's" - he went away, and came to me again, and asked if I came from Mr. Hunt's - I said,"Yes" - he then went away - I went on to Shoreditch


 - I there saw the prisoner - he said me, "You came from Mr. Hunt's, did not you?" - I said, "Yes" - he said,"Here is 2d. for you;" but he only gave me 1 1/2d. - he said, "I will carry the paper; and tell your master to send two reams more to-morrow, as soon as he can" - the boy, who had spoken to me before, then touched me on the elbow, and wanted me to come back; but I said I would see where my paper went; and I saw the prisoner turn the wrong way to go to Mr. Hawkes's - he turned downMagpie-alley - I followed, and cried, "Stop thief," and he was taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DYSON
               



            . I was in Magpie-alley - I saw the prisoner running with the paper on his arm - I ran after him - he dropped it on the step of a door - I took hold of him, and asked him where he got the paper - he said three boys had dropped it - that he took it up, and he was running to see where the persons were who were crying,"Stop thief" - he wished me to let him go - I kept him till the boy came up, who said he had taken the paper from him.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not say it was given me to carry? A. No; you said three boys dropped it.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES DRAPER
               



            . I was coming out of Magpie-alley - the prisoner passed me, and went into the alley - I went into Norton Falgate, and saw a man had got hold of the boy - I told him to let him go - he ran into Magpie-alley, and called, "Stop thief."
JOHN HAWKES. This is my paper - I had sent it to Mr. Hunt's to be ruled.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going through Magpie-alley; a young man asked me to carry the paper, and he would pay me - I took it about a dozen yards, and this man stopped me - I put it down, and asked the lad if it was his.



               GUILTY
            . - Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
