





144. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of November
, 1 child's waggon, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Vine
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HIGGINS
               



            . I saw the prisoner on the 19th of November, with a child's waggon; he asked a person at the corner of the street, if she would buy it - he then asked me; I asked him the price; he said 8s. - he stood talking a few minutes, and then said I should have it for 1s. - he said he would not sell it so cheap, but Smithfield-market was not open; and he told me to buy it soon, as he wanted to go back to steal some brooms - he then went on, and I followed him; he went into Mr. Swale's shop, and came out, and he said he had sold it for 5s. - he told me he had sold three dozen brass cocks, at Elme's, in Playhouse-yard, for 1s., and they had told him if he did not take that they would send for the policeman, and have him taken - I went there, and while I was there three boys came running in with a dressed ham, which they sold for 2s., and they were to have one pound of it for their supper - the policeman came, and had the ham.
Prisoner. I did not say any thing to him. Witness. Yes, he did; and he asked me to go with him, and steal a till, and said he would give me half the money - he told me the shop he had stolen the waggon from, but when the prosecutor came, he did not say a word.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SWALE
               



            . I keep a shop in Coppice-row, Clerkenwell. I was sitting in my shop when the prisoner came with this waggon - he asked if I wanted to buy it - I said "No;" he said it was a very good one - I asked what he wanted for it - he said 6s.; I said, "I bought one, and it broke down" - he said this would not do so; that his father had made it, who lived at No. 24, Willow-gardens, Hoxton - I asked him if his father repaired such things; he said, "Yes," and I told him to call any time, and he should have the other to repair; he said his father would be glad of the job - I bought this one of him.


                  JAMES 
                  VINE
               



            . I keep a toy-shop
, in Hedge-row, Islington


. This is my waggon - I lost it on the 19th of November.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 12. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
