





1450. 
               
                  
                     LUCY 
                     JENKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of July
, 4 sovereigns, 18 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Brown
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOSEPH BROWN. I am a tailor
. On Sunday morning, the 4th of July, I was rather intoxicated, but not to say drunk; I spoke to the prisoner in Whitechapel - an acquaintance was very soon struck; we drank a glass of gin together, and then she proposed I should go home to a house in Wentworth-street


, a place I never was in before; I did not go to stay with her all night - I laid down on the bed with my clothes on, and in less than five minutes I was fast asleep and my money gone; the prisoner was on the bed with me, and I fell fast asleep; I was awoke by a lodger in the house - the landlady was in the room; they had taken part of the money from the prisoner - the landlady asked what money I had, and I told her I had 4l. 18s. 6 1/2d. which was safe when I went to the house; I had given the prisoner some money - I missed my money, and 3l. 18s. 6d. was offered to me, which I refused to take unless I had my other 1l. - the landlady said, "Here is your money;" I took it, counted it, and said,
"I want a sovereign more;" the landlady said that she saw through the key-hole the prisoner take this money from my pocket, before I had been on the bed five minutes; the Policeman was sent for, and took the other sovereign from the prisoner's glove - she had positively denied having it; the Policeman took her.
SARAH MCCALLISTER. I keep a lodging-house. I remember this man coming there and the prisoner; she asked me to let her a bed - they had not been there five minutes, before the policeman sent in, and said he thought the man had some money; I went and looked through the key-hole - I saw her picking the man's pocket - I saw both gold and silver taken from him; I went and fastened my door, and by the time I had done that she had got her bonnet and cloak on and was going out - I would not let her go till I had awoke the man to see what money he had; the three sovereigns she took from her bosom, and the 18s. 6d. from her pocket; he said he had four sovereigns; and she would not give it up till I went and got the Policeman - she denied having any more.
JOHN ROBINSON. I was on duty early in the morning of last Sunday week: I saw the prosecutor, who appeared to me to be intoxicated, and the prisoner was with him - I saw them go to McCallister's house; I sent a person to tell the landlady to keep a sharp look out - I stood not far from the house; I was called in, and told she had done him - I found 3l. 18s. 6d. on the table; the man said there was another sovereign - the prisoner denied having any more; I searched her, and found this other sovereign in her glove.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
