





437. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HERBERT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of February
, 1 hank of silk, value 9s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dean
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  BYMORTH
               



            . I superintend Mr. Dean's business - he is a trimming manufacturer
, and lives in St. Agnes-terrace, Tabernacle-walk


 - I was in the shop on the 24th of January, sitting at the further end, and heard our boy call out, "Stop thief!" - he was instantly at the door - I went after him, followed him as quick as possible - I saw the prisoner standing at the door close by the window, and Mr. Pellew was there - I asked them if they were sure the prisoner's hands were in the window - they said they could not say exactly, but there was nobody else near but him on either side - I said if they could not say, I could not, and so the prisoner walked on - I saw him look back, once or twice, which made me suspicious - I ran after him and brought him back - there was a hole in the window - a pane of glass against the door-post had been broken several times, and was broken then - the pane was completely out, about six inches across - when I went to the door, this hank of silk was half out and half in - it had laid just inside the pane of glass, and there were some things hanging against the glass - it was removed from the place where it had been - I gave it to the officer.


                  ALFRED 
                  NICHOLLS
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Dean- I was in the shop - I observed the prisoner at the shopwindow, close by the door, about a yard from the broken pane, and, in about a minute, I saw a hand in the window lay hold of a piece of floss silk - I called out, "Stop thief!" and ran round the counter - I saw there was nobody near the window but the prisoner, who said, "He has run down here," pointing towards the Tabernacle - Mr. Pellew came up as from the Tabernacle, and said he had come from the Tabernacle, and nobody had passed him running - the prisoner made no reply, and was taken into custody.


                  HENRY 
                  PELLEW
               



            . I came by the Tabernacle to the prosecutor's house - I had passed Mr. Dean's shop about five minutes before this happened, and saw the prisoner loitering on the pavement close to the shop - I went as far as the Tabernacle - returned in about five minutes - I had heard a voice call from the shop before I got up, and saw the prisoner suddenly turn round - he was then standing at the window; and when I came up, he pointed towards me, and said there was a boy ran down that way - no boy had run that way.


                  JOHN 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . I am a policeman - the prisoner was given into my charge with the silk.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming along, and heard a call of "Stop thief" - I turned round to see what was the matter, and saw a boy cross the road; I said, "A boy has crossed;" a gentleman said, "No boy has come along there at all;" I said there was - they took me into the shop, searched me, and found nothing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
