






1952. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     McNAMARA
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DIXON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Josiah 
                           Hammond
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOSIAH HAMMOND. I live in Chancery-lane, and am a surgeon
. On the morning of the 6th of September I was passing through Cursitor-street


 - my attention was called to the state of my pocket; I felt, and missed my handkerchief - I saw McNamara in front of me; I ran up to him, and the gentleman who had spoken to me produced Dixon; the handkerchief was taken from him by Mr. Alexander - he said he picked it up from the street.


                  ROBERT 
                  ALEXANDER
               



            . On the morning of the 6th of September I was in my shop in Cursitor-street; I saw McNamara raise the skirt of the prosecutor's coat with his right hand - he took the handkerchief out with his left hand, and gave it to Dixon, who put it into his breast; I ran out, took Dixon, and took the handkerchief from him.
GEORGE GRAY (Police-constable A 42). I took the two prisoners.(Property produced and sworn to.)
McNamara's Defence. I was walking on the other side of the street, and heard some person call out; I looked, and saw the prosecutor, who said I had stolen his handkerchief, but I was on before him.
Dixon's Defence. I was going after a situation, saw the handkerchief on the ground, and took it up.
McNAMARA - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 12.
DIXON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
