



2630. 




ANN GIBBINS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
14th of September, 11 half-crowns, the monies of 



George Adams, from his person.






GEORGE ADAMS
. I am a currier, and live in Old-street. I was on my way home, on the 14th of September, and met the prisoner in Old-street—I was rather fresh—she accosted me—I went with her to Baldwin-street, which is rather out of my way—I went to have a little chat, that was all—I am married—I was not in her company more than five minutes altogether—I put my hand into my breeches pocket, and found my money was gone—I taxed her with the robbery—she said she had not got it, and ran away—I followed, and ran and caught her—she gave me either four or five half-crowns back—I had a good many half-crowns—I was paid my wages, 2l. 10s. in half-crowns—I told her that was not all, she had more than that—she ran away, and I followed her, and gave her in charge—some more money was found on her.





JOHN BROWN
. (police-constable G 285.) I was going along Old-street, and saw a mob round a public-house in Baltic-street—the prosecutor told me of this—J went down a passage, and found the prisoner at the hack of a door—I took her to the station-house—she denied having the money, till she was placed in the cell—the prosecutor told me she had 10s. or 15s. in half-crowns, and seven half-crowns fell from her.





THOMAS ELLIS
. (police-sergeant G 7.) I was at the station-house about twelve o'clock that night—the prisoner was brought in—she handed me one half-crown, and said that was all she had got—I sent for the female-searcher, who was gone to bed, to come to search her—I told a policeman to watch the prisoner till she came—she dropped six half-crowns in the cell.





CHARLES BEAUMONT
. (police-sergeant G 11.) I took her into the cell, and she dropped six half-crowns.

Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor, who asked me to go with him—I refused—he said if I would go up a court with him, he would give me 5s., and the price of a pair of shoes—he staid there half-an-hour, and then he would not give me any thing—he* * *, and the last time he put my hand into his pocket by mistake, and feeling the money, I was tempted to take it.




GUILTY
* Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.
