





1575. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LANE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, 280lbs. of indigo, value 60l.; and 1 chest, value 2s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert Barclay 
                           Petrie
                        




                     
                   and another
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Robert Barclay Petrie and Mr. Fry, indigo-broker
s, Rich's-court, Lime-street


. On the 27th of September, we were sending sixteen chests of indigo to Messrs. Robins, Mills, and Co., London-wall - there was one of 280lbs. - I saw it safe with the others when I was leaving the warehouse yard - it was put on the platform - I did not see it taken.


                  GEORGE 
                  GREGORY
               



            . I am in the employ of the East India Company. I saw the chests of indigo - the prisoner Lane came and took this one chest, and put it into a caravan - I asked if it was his - he said, "Yes;" and took it away.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know Cook? A. Yes; he is a carman - it is the custom with carmen to send their carts with their servants to the neighbourhood of the East India warehouses to be hired - I do not know whether the prisoner was in Cook's service - he brought 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Cleaver
               



            's van - it was about twenty minutes after three o'clock when he took it - no one came with him - I am gate-keeper of the yard, but we have nothing to do with the goods after they are on the platform, that is inside the gates - I did not ask the prisoner who employed him - I knew the van he brought; it often comes for chests of indigo.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES JONES
               



            . I am a carman. I was employed, on the 27th of September, to carry sixteen chests of indigo from Cutler-street warehouse to London-wall - my man informed me there was one chest missing.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SPEER
               



            . I am carman to Mr. Jones. I went for the sixteen chests of indigo - I got but fifteen - the other had been taken away in the van before I got there.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES JONES
               



             re-examined. I took the prisoner in Thames-street - he is a jobbing carman.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you known him before? A. No; I found him from the information of the gate-keeper.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COOK
               



            . I am a carman. On the 27th of September my caravan was in Thames-street, at the corner of the Custom-house gateway - the prisoner had no right to have it.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you followed the business of a carman? A. Five or six years - I have known the prisoner about two months - I know Mrs. Cleaver; she is the widow of a person who was one of the fellowship of carmen - I carry on my business in her name - my caravanhas her name on it - I had employed the prisoner occasionally as a driver of the cart, and so has my servant; but my servant is not in Court - I did not hear from him that the prisoner had my cart for the purpose of doing this job - he has been authorized to employ the prisoner to drive the van - on the 27th of September the prisoner came to me, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, after my man had booked the work he had done in the day - the prisoner said he had taken my van for the purpose of taking a chest of indigo - he said he had received 3s. for it, which he gave me, and I gave him 1s.
COURT. Q. Did he tell you where it was taken? A. He said from Cutler-street to Whitechapel; but he did not say who had employed him - I should not have known my van had gone for indigo unless he had told me - I heard from my own man that the van had been used while he was away for five minutes; but he did not know by whom.
JURY. Q. Were you not surprised that your van was gone? A. Yes; but when we got to the corner we heard who had taken it - I do not stay with the van.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
