





13. 
               
                  
                     KENNITH 
                     CAMPBELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of November
, 1 tea-poy, value 5l. 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Pitway
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  RUSHBRIDGE
               



            . I am in the employ of 
               
                  James 
                  Pitway
               



            , of No. 4, Kirby-street, Hatton-garden


, a cabinet-maker
. On the 3rd of November, about half-past two o'clock, the prisoner called at the warehouse, and asked to look at some tea-poys; he said he had come from Mr. Hunter's of Finsbury, and Mr. Hunter had a gentleman from Manchester waiting to see some; he selected two - I never saw him before, and had no dealing with Mr. Hunter; I got them ready, called the porter down, and gave them into his possession; I directed the porter to go with him, and take them to Mr. Hunter's, and gave him directions not to leave them; this was at about twenty-five minutes to three o'clock; I told him after they had looked at them to bring them back, as I thought they were only going as patterns; about half an hour after, the porter returned without either of them - one was worth 5l. 15s., and the other 4l. 15s.; one of them was returned three or four days afterwards; about a fortnight afterwards, I saw the prisoner in custody at Hatton-garden, and was quite certain of his person, and he said he would pay for it; I cannot find the other poy - it was worth 5l. 15s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Pitway. On the 3rd of November I was called to take two tea-poys to Mr. Hunter, in Finsbury - the prisoner went with me as far as Long-lane, and then left me; I met him within three or four doors of Mr. Hunter's - he told me to wait there till he came back; I waited about a quarter of an hour, and then he came - I was told not to leave the poys; I saw him go into Mr. Hunter's with Mr. Hunter's man - he went up the gateway; I did not know the person to be Mr. Hunter's man - he came back to me in a quarter of an hour, and took me up the gateway; he was there with the man, and helped me down with the two poys; they carried them both into the place - the prisoner came out, told me thekeys of the poys were not there, and Mr. Hunter could not decide which they would have, because he wanted to try the locks; he said, "How long will you be getting them?" I ran off directly to get the keys, leaving both the poys behind; I was gone about an hour and an half, and on returning I went in - the prisoner was gone; Miles, Mr. Hunter's man, asked me what I had come about; I said I had come for the poys - I found one there, and told him not to let that go away; he said the prisoner had taken the other to Mr. Paynter's, in London-wall - I went there immediately, but could hear nothing of it; I have not seen it since - I returned to Mr. Hunter's, told him to keep the poy, which they did for about a week, and then it was returned - I did not see the prisoner again till I gave him into custody.


                  THOMAS 
                  MILES
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Hunter, a wholesale cabinet-manufacturer, in Finsbury-place - the prisoner is not in his employ; I had seen him five or six times before, but not in Mr. Hunter's employ. On the 3rd of November, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I saw him: he said he had two tea-poys to sell; I said he could not sell any goods then, as Mr. Hunter was going to bury one of his children - the house was shut up; Williams was not present then - about a quarter of an hour afterwards he returned with Williams, and the tea-poys, through the gateway at the back of the premises; I helped them down off the porter's back, and helped him into the front warehouse with them; then the prisoner and I were left alone - he asked if Mr. Hunter would be back to business that afternoon; I said he might, about dusk - he said he wished to take one of them to show to Mr. Paynter, in London-wall; supposing them to be his poys, I told him to take it- I was not present when he spoke to Williams; I saw Williams again in about an hour and a half - he asked me to see if there was any keys in the tea-poys, and there was one; the poy was afterwards returned to the prosecutor -I did not see the prisoner again till he was taken; he never called for the poy.
Prisoner. Q. Was any body present when I asked to take the poys away? A. There might be, I did not notice - I was at the end near the counting-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHINNERY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on the 20th of November, in Exmouth-street, at two o'clock in the afternoon - I took him to the station-house - he said he knew nothing of it.
The prisoner received a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
