




1581. 




SARAH READ
 and 




SARAH PALMER



were indicated for stealing, on the 
9th of March, at 
St. Marylebone, 3 snuff boxes, value 5l., 4 bed gowns, value 9s.; 6 yards of calico, value 3s., 2 frocks, value 15s.; 1 spoon, value 2s.; 1 shift, value 8s.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; and 8 soveregns, the goods and monies of 



John Sedlatzek, the master of the said 



Sarah Read, in the dwelling-house of 



Christian Berhenoe.







JOHN SEDLATZEK. I
 am a musician, and live in Orchard-street, Port, man-square. The prisoner Head was a fortnight in my service—the prisoner Palmer is her mother, and was engaged as a washerwoman—I lost eight sovereigns, three snuff-boxes, and various articles, on Friday, the 9th of March, when I was out at a concert—I returned from the concert at twelve o'clock at night, and next morning I missed eight sovereigns from the nursery drawer—I also missed six yards of calico, a spoon, and shift—the drawer was still locked—the prisoner had absconded, and did not return.





ANN HUGHES
. I am cook to the prosecutor. The prisoner Read was servant in the house—on the 9th of March I had occasion to go up stairn, and she said she was thirsty, and must have something to drink—I said she had better not go out, as mistress was out, and I would give her some drink—she said, "No, it is not enough, I am very thirsty, I have got one penny, and will go and get one pennyworth for myself"—her mother (Palmer) was washing there at the time, and she had come there about six o'clock in the evening to assist in folding the clothes, and left about half past ten o'clock—shortly after Read went out under the pretence of getting half a pint of beer, did not return—she lived at 21, Barrett s-court Oxford-street—I went there on Saturday morning, about ten o'clock, art they had both left their lodgings.





MARY RAMFORD
. I am matron of the workhouse at St. George's, Hanover-square. On Saturday morning, the day after the robbery, Read came there and asked me to allow Nathaniel Ware to go out to see his sister who was dying—she had formerly been there herself—I said I was sorry to hear it, but I did not know he had a sister—she was dressed in a very improper manner for a girl of her description—she had a new cap, a black velvet bonnet and trimming, ear-rings, lace, mits, good shawl, and very superior to what she used to have—I had given her clothes fit for a servant to go to a situation.





ANN HUGHES

re-examined. When she left the house she had no black velvet bonnet, nor lace mits, no good shawl or other things, but she was in very shabby clothes.





MARIA OSBORNE
. I am the wife of Charles Osborne—he lives in Exeter-street, Chelsea. On the 10th of March, both the prisoners came with Ware, who passed as Palmer's husband—they came to take my lodgings, and asked if I had a room to let—I said I had, and told them it was 4s. 6d. a week—Palmer told me she had been nursing an old lady at Blackheath, eight or nine months—Read said she had just left her sitaation with the musician to the Queen—she did not say where he lived—Palmer said Ware was her husband, and they had been married a fortnight—that her daughter had just left her place—she had between six and seven sovereigns wrapped up in her handkerchief in a little box—they took my lodgings as man and wife, and were very well dressed indeed.

Read's Defence. I did not know where the property or money was kept.

Palmer's Defence. I had no box or sovereigns in my possession—that person said she would take my life away if she could—I do not know why—I live servant in the neighbourhood, which Mr. Brien, a juror knows very well—I did not say I had been living at Blackheath.

READ. 


GUILTY. Aged 16.—Recommended to mercy.






Confined One Year.


PALMER. 

GUILTY
. Aged 37.—

Transported for Ten Years.

