





1808. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     NICHOLLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 2nd of August
, 2 brooches, value 2l., and 1 ring, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Clementina 
                           Caines
                        




                     
                  , well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.
CLEMENTINA CAINES. Amongst the articles which I lost on the 2nd of August, were these two diamond brooches and this ring; I lost several other article; which I have not recovered.


                  LEONARD 
                  GEORGE NEEDES
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker. I think I saw the prisoner when he pawned this small brooch and ring with me, but I cannot be positive of his person; I lent 2s. on the ring, and 6s. on the brooch; the real value of the brooch is not more than 12s.; there are four very small diamonds in it; the address given was "
               
                  Joseph 
                  Edwards
               



            , No. 5, Dean-street." I asked whose they were, and he said his own - I considered him to be a dealer.


                  EDWARD 
                  RAY
               



            . On the 11th of August the prisoner was at the office on another charge; I told him I took him on suspicion of being concerned in the robbery of Mr. Stables, at Hendon; he said he knew nothing at all of it.


                  HENRY 
                  GIBSON
               



            . I am in the service of a pawnbroker, in Tothill-street. The prisoner pawned this large brooch with me; I have the counterpart of the duplicate I gave, it was on the 4th of August, in the name of John Edwards, Grove-street, Camden-town - I lent him 16s. on it; it is worth from 30s. to 35s.; the diamonds are not worth 6d. a piece; they are all roses; small sparks - he asked me 1l. for it, and I lent him 16s.; I asked how he came by it, and he said it was his own - he was dress respectably.
COURT. Q. Do you mean, Sir, that this could be made for five guineas? A. I do not suppose it could be made for that; the workmanship is very valuable - I really do not know what the pearls that are in it are worth.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you mean to swear that these are rose diamonds? A. I should take them to be such -I had not the curiosity to count that there are sixty-five of them.
Prisoner's Defence. That is the only thing I pawned; Gray came to me, and said he had a present from his uncle- I did not see the other things, but he asked me to pawn that brooch; he assured me it was his own; I did not know it was stolen.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
