





790. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of March
, 1 jacket, value 5s., and 1 pair of trousers, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Harding
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Harding
                        



.


                  JAMES 
                  HARDING
               



            . I keep a chandler's-shop
 in Windsor-street, Lower-road, Islington - my son William is between seven and eight years old. On the 23rd of March he went out at a quarter-past one o'clock, to play till dinner was ready - we missed him, and did not see him again till a quarter-past six, when he was brought home without his jacket and trousers; my wife and I were in great alarm about him.


                  JOHN 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I live with my father, who is an orange-merchant. On the 23rd of March I saw the prisoner and the little boy
 come to our house, between two and three o'clock; the prisoner brought the little boy there, and asked for a little orange for him; I gave him one, and they went away together - I knew the prisoner well by coming to our house.


                  CATHERINE 
                  DUGGIN
               



            . I live in West-street, Smithfield. On the 23rd of March I was coming in at my street door, and this child ran against me naked;" I said, "What makes you naked? you don't belong to this place;" he said,"He has taken my clothes, and gone to clean them;" the woman next door took him to the workhouse - I do not know the prisoner.


                  ELLEN 
                  SHAW
               



            . I saw the child standing in the privy, stripped of every thing but his shirt and shoes - I went and told the publican, and he told me to take him to the workhouse - I wrapped my apron round him, and took him there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARDING
               



            . I go to church, and know the necessity of speaking the truth. I was at my father's door, and the prisoner came and asked me to go with him - he took me to Islington, and then took me to some house; I do not know where - it was where that woman found me: the prisoner put some nastiness on my clothes, then he took them off, and said he would clean them and bring them back - he did not return to me.
Prisoner. I have dealt with Chapman's father four years.


                  JOHN 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . Yes, he has.


                  HENRY 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in Middle-street, Cloth-fair, crying "Wild ducks;" he was pointed out to me by Chapman.(See Fifth Day, New Court.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
