






379. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     WENLOCK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     BROCK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December
, 1 coat, value 10s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 5s.; 1 pair of boots, value 5s.; 1 hat, value 5s.; 1 knife, value 6d.; 1 comb, value 3d.; 1 pair of gloves, value 10d., and 7 penny-pieces
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jones
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM JONES. I am a porter in the City
. On the 14th of December I fell in with the prisoner, between twelve and one o'clock at night - I was not particularly sober, but I was not drunk; I had had a pint or two of ale - I had been at a friend's house, and stopped later than I do in general - the prisoners accosted me, and Brock asked me to go home with her, which, after some hesitation, I agreed to - Wenlock went a little way, but I said if she followed I would not go with Brock - I went home with Brock to Wentworth-street, Spitalfields


, we went to the one pair of stairs room, and went to bed - the door was locked when I went to bed, and I never heard it opened, but I thought I heard some persons talking near the door in the course of the night - the key was inside; I had undressed, and gone to bed with Brock - I had some halfpence and some silver in my pocket; about seven o'clock in the morning, the Policeman came, awoke me, and asked if I knew what had happened - I looked round, Brock was gone, and all my clothes; I had nothing left but my shirt, drawers, stockings, and a handkerchief, which had been round my neck - I asked him to go to my lodging, and get some clothes for me, which he did.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY CLARK
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I was on duty on the night in question, in Shoreditch - I saw the two prisoners accost the prosecutor; one went withhim, and the other followed in the same direction: about half-past five o'clock in the morning, I saw the two prisoners again, coming towards Shoreditch - I thought all was not correct, and as they came nearer to me I saw Wenlock had a pair of men's boots on, and I knew the night before she had had a pair of very bad shoes - I thought Brock looked very bulky, and I said to her, "It is a cold morning, but you seem well wrapped up;" I opened her shawl, and saw she had a gentleman's coat on, and on looking further I found she had the breeches on; I said, "How did you get these?" she said, "My brother had a lark with me last night, and now I am going to have a lark with him;" I said, "I think you took this from the young man I saw you with last night;" I took them to the station, and Wenlock, after some conversation, gave me the key of the room in Wentworth-street; I went there, and tried to rouse the prosecutor, but I could not; I locked the door, and thought I would let him sleep a couple of hours longer - I came down, and looked into the yard, but found nothing there; I looked in the yard of the next house, and found his hat - I went home, and got my breakfast; I went back, and roused the prosecutor, who sent me to his friends to get some clothes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARROW
               



            . I was with Clark - what he has stated is correct; I took these boots off Wenlock.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . These are my property - I had not given 
               Brock
             any money; I said I would satisfy her in the morning - I did not intend to give them my clothes; I had some halfpence and some silver in my pocket.
Wenlock's Defence. The man met us in Shoreditch, and asked us for a night's lodging; we said we could get him one if he paid for it - we took him to this place; he had but 6 1/2d. - he said he never paid till the morning; Brock said she would not go with him without money, and then he told her to put on his clothes, and see how she would look in man's clothes - she did so, and then he said she did not dare to go down stairs in them, but she did, and we went out.
WENLOCK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
BROCK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
