



31. 




HENRY INSKIP
, was indicted

 for stealing on the 
9th of
November, 2 boxes, value 10s.; 12 forks, value 8l. 10s.; 1 soup-ladle, value 3l.; 29 spoons, value 19s.; 2 sauce-ladles, value 1l. 12s.; 1 winestrainer, value 1l. 12s.; 2 pairs of nut-crackers, value 10s.; 12 dozen knives, value 6l.; 12 dozen forks, value 6l.; and 1 guitar, value 10s.; the goods of 



Robert Harry Sparks.







ROBERT HARRY SPARKS
. I came from Ramsgate on the 9th of November, and had twenty-four packages with me—they were my own property—they were marked "S. Passenger"—when I arrived in London, they were all put into my cart, and conveyed to my own residence in St. John-street—one contained plate, and another a guitar and some linen—those two did not arrive—I missed them on the following morning—I have seen the articles since, they are all mine, and were in those two packages.





JOHN CARLON
. I am porter to Mr. Pugh, of King-street, Snow-hill. About twenty minutes past six o'clock on the evening of the 9th of November, I saw a loaded cart come along—I saw four men go behind it, and saw them take two packages out of the cart—they carried them towards the cab rank—they went to a cab, and one of them called out, "Harry, life your flap" (meaning the flap of the cab)—the prisoner was Harry, he was the cab man—I am sure of it—I knew him before, but did not know his name—he gave the name of Henry—he lifted the flap, and I called to him, and told him it was stolen property—he said it was all right—I said it was not, but I would have it right—he got up into the seat, and one of the men got into the cab—the prisoner put the smaller box at his feet, and the other was in the cab body—the prisoner attempted to whip the horse, and the horse gibbed—I told him that if he would drive that I had his number, and I called on the waterman to assist me, but he would not do it—this was in Smithfield—the man that was in the cab jumped out and went into Long-lane, three or four yards from the spot, and staid there—the prisoner came down, and went to Long-lane, and spoke to the man who had been in the cab—the prisoner stopped about two minutes, and then he came to me and asked what I meant to do—I said to bring the cab and property to the watchhouse—"Well," says he, "Come along"—he came with me—I took it there, and gave it to Mr. George Godfrey, Inspector of the watch—I did not lose sight of the prisoner when he went and spoke to the man.





WILLIAM COURT
. I am in the employ of Mr. Sparks. I drove these packages and when I got home I missed two—these are the two packages I lost—I did not know what was in them or I should not have put them in the tail of the cart—I took them of the men at the water-side, and out them in.





GEORGE GODFREY
. I received the property, and the prisoner—the prisoner told me that when he pursued the man that jumped from the cab he ran up a court and called, "Stop thief"—I went to the court the next morning and made inquiries, and there are not more than twelve houses there—they told me if there had been a cry of "Stop thief," they must have heard it.

Prisoner's Defence. I had been on the rank about an hour, and I turned my horse's head, when two men called "cab"—it was not two men that called "Harry" to me—it was I called my fellow servant; one of them put the boxes into my cab, and then the witness said it was stolen property—my horse ran back, and the man got out and went to Long-lane, I went to him, and said "If that it your's, why don't you go to it"—he said he had lost his friend—he then up a court—I ran and called "Stop thief"—he pulled out a large thing, and said he would knock my brains out—I

came to this man, and asked what I had better to with it—he said to take it to the watch-house—if I had known any thing of the men I would have told him of it—he did not tell me it was stolen before I got into the cab.






JOHN CARLON
. I told him it was stolen before he got up, and he went round and got up—the property was taken from the cart not twelve yards from where he was.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
