





OLD COURT. TUESDAY, JANUARY 8TH.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
381. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RALLINGS, alias 
RAWLINS





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 6s., and 1 box, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Jennings
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  JENNINGS
               



            . I am a pot-boy
 to my uncle, who keeps a public-house; I am fifteen years old. I was in company with 
               
                  Francis 
                  Perry
               



            , and went with him to Hackney to fetch a jacket - we got rather too much to drink. but knew what we were about - we met the prisoner at the top of Cold-bath-lane; I had seen him before, but never spoke to him; he came up, and said, "Halloo! my lads, where are you going?" we said, Home - he said, "Come with me, I will give you a night's lodging;" he took us to Back-lane


; it was after eleven o'clock - he took us into a shed; we went to sleep on some straw until the Policeman came - I had a handkerchief, a pair of gloves, and a box in my pocket; I felt the prisoner's hand in my pocket, going down the lane; the Policeman came and took me and Perry out of the shed to the station-house -I told him I had lost my things, and he fetched the prisoner; the handkerchief was taken off my neck, the gloves from my inside pocket, and the box with it.


                  FRANCIS 
                  PERRY
               



            . I am sixteen years old; I was with Jennings - his evidence is correct.


                  JOHN 
                  BEDFORD
               



            . I am an inspector of the Police. About two o'clock in the morning, in consequence of a coachman being robbed of his hat, and hearing a noise in the shed, my officer went there, and found the two witnesses and another man, who was accused of robbing the coachman - the witnesses said they had been robbed; I went and found the prisoner, and found on him the handkerchief belonging to Perry, and the gloves and box belonging to Jennings - I have not found Jennings' handkerchief; both their handkerchiefs were taken off their necks.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. It does not stand feasable that I should rob them; they cannot say whether they gave them to me, or whether I took them - they had money, and that was not taken; I went to the shed myself, with the officers, and they said nothing about it.


                  JOHN 
                  BEDFORD
               



            . They never said they had lent or given him the things - they always said he took them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
