





85. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of August
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watch chain, value 6d.; 2 seals, value 5s.; 1 watch-key, value 1s. 6d.; 1 ring, value 1s. 6d.; 2 half-crowns, and 1 sixpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Livick
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  LEE
               



            . I live at the Coopers' Arms, Tower-hill


, and am a widow. On the afternoon of the 12th of August the prisoner came to my house, engaged a bed, and paid 1s. - he said he was going to Hackney, and probably might not return; he, however, came in the evening, about seven or half-past seven o'clock - he went to bed about ten; soon after five the next morning I heard him tap at the door to be let out - there is but a slight partition between my bed-room and the staircase, and there is a door at the bottom of the staircase; I got out of bed, and knocked to know what he wanted - he made no reply; this awoke the person he had robbed, and I heard a scuffling on the stairs - I did not know him before, but am quite certain of his person.
JAMES LIVICK. On the night of the 12th of August I slept at the Coopers' Arms - I was roused in the morning by a noise; I missed my watch the first thing, and then the money from my trousers - no other person slept in my room; I went down, and found the prisoner at the staircase door - he asked if there was no way out; I said, "No, not for you at present; you have been in my room and robbed me to-night;" he said, "Don't make such a noise;" I told him I would not leave him an inch till I got my watch and money - he went up to the first landing place, and I called a young man; the prisoner then gave my watch into my hand - I took it, and said,"Now, there is the money;" he took the money, which is stated, and gave it into my hand; I went into my room to get my clothes on, but left the room door open to keep an eye on the stairs, to see that he did not go away - he went into the second floor room, in which he had slept; I went into that room, the window was open, and he was gone - the window is low; I have not the least doubt of his person - I conversed with him before he went to bed.


                  JOHN 
                  ALLINGHAM
               



            . I am a constable of Tower-ward. I took the prisoner on the 25th of October, at the Coopers' Arms; the servant came to me - I told him I must take him for a robbery at that house; he said he knew nothing about it.
Prisoner to MRS. LEE. Q. Is your house in the City? A. Part of it is; the part where you committed the robbery in is in the City - I swear you are the person who took the lodging that night; I lighted you up stairs - your bed did not appear tumbled; you came to the bar several times that evening - you wore a jacket, and appeared rather in liquor.
Prisoner to JAMES LIVICK. Q. Can you swear I am the person who gave you your watch and money? A. I do swear it positively; there are tiles sloping down from the windows - I identified you at the Mausion-house; it was quite light in the morning.


                  THOMAS 
                  MCBEAN
               



            . I slept in the house that night, and saw the prisoner there in the morning.
Prisoner's Defence. They could not swear to me before the Magistrate - I never slept in the house that night at all; he swore before the Magistrate that he did not know me - let humanity be your leading star.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
