





7164. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHITING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of July, 1 live tame goose, price 2s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Johnson
                  




               
            .
SARAH JOHNSON. I live at Southgate


. I lost a live tame goose, which was taken from six young ones, on the 10th of July; I saw it safe alive about five or six o'clock - it was afterwards brought home dead - this is the skin of it.


                  JOHN 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I live at Palmer's-green. On the afternoon of the 10th of July, I saw the prisoner catch the goose and put it into a cart, in which there was another man; I went and told of it - my premises are twenty or thirty yards from the prosecutrix's; the cart was going towards the prosecutrix's, and was stopped by Scott.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I called after the prisoner, and stopped the cart; I found some feathers and blood in it, but no goose - there was a nose-bag in the cart.


                  SARAH 
                  BUNKER
               



            . I live at the tile-kilns, Edmonton. On the 10th of July I was going by the prosecutrix's, and saw the goose by some pales, dead, but quite warm.


                  JAMES 
                  GEORGE
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I received information, and followed the cart from Palmer's-green to Edmonton; I found it in Miles'-yard, and some feathers in it - I took the prisoner; he said it was not him, it was the other man, and it was a bad job.
Prisoner's Defence. I never took any goose; all I threw into the cart was the horse's nose-bag.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
