





1246. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
, 2 half-crowns, 8 shillings, and 4 sixpences, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BELL
               



            . I am a lighterman
. I met the prisoner last Thursday in the street; I went to the public-house to give her something to drink, and then walked by the side of the bridge - I had 16s. or 17s. in my pocket; just as I was leaving her I put my hand into my pocket, and my money was gone: I had not a farthing - I accused her of taking my money; she said she had not, that what money she had was her own - the night-constable was on the spot, and he took her; when she got to the watch-house she threw some money on the table, and said it was all the money she had - the officer went to where we had been, to see if he could find any there; he could not - he then came back; the prisoner stooped down, and threw the rest of the silver on the floor - there were 15s. found in all; I lost about 17s. - I had it safe at the public-house when I paid for some liquor.
Prisoner. He took me and two other women, and treated us - he was not sober. Witness. I was not quite sober; there was no other woman with us.


                  GEORGE 
                  BAYLIS
               



            . About one o'clock on Tuesday morning I saw the prosecutor and prisoner cavelling together -I went up; he said she had robbed him of 15s. - I took her to the watch-house: she threw 4s. 6d. on the table, and declared it was all she had - the night officer searched her in my presence, and the rest of the money dropped from some part of her garments; the whole money we found was 15s., which was what the prosecutor stated - he was intoxicated, but not very bad.


                  JAMES 
                  PEACHEY
               



            . I am a constable. I searched the prisoner, and found the money in the bottom of her petticoat; she put her hand down, and threw it on the floor - she had at first thrown down the 4s. 6d., and said it was all she had in the world.
Prisoner's Defence. I produced my pocket, and said I could give account of the money I had; I had changed a sovereign in the morning, and paid part of it away - if I had had more time I could have sent for the gentleman who gave it me.


                  JAMES 
                  PEACHEY
               



            . She was intoxicated - she did not say she had changed a sovereign; she said positively at first that she had but 4s. 6d.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
