






857. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HALL
                  





               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     STUBBS
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the warehouse of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Stubbs
                        




                     
                   and another, on the 4th of April
, and stealing 11 coach-springs, value 22s.; 33 cushions, value 33s.; 3 gallons of japan, value 30s., and 4 carriage-linings, value 4s., their property
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  STUBBS
               



            . I am a coach-maker
, and live at No. 244, Whitechapel-road


; I am in partnership with Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Dickson Hancock
               



            . On the 4th of April I saw the prisoners in custody of a person in George-yard, which belongs to me and my partner - I gave charge of them; I saw some coach-springs laying about the ground, and some cushions, and varnish in various places on the premises in different parts to where they had been in our warehouse - the hasp of the warehouse lock was broken off.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long before had you been in your warehouse in George-yard? A. We do not often go there - I cannot say that I had been there for several weeks, but if it had been in that state, I should have heard of it.


                  EDMUND 
                  STUART
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's employ; I live at No. 20, Oxford-street, Whitechapel. On the 4th of April, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, I went to the warehouse; I put the key into the lock, and it turned round - I felt some obstruction against it - I pushed it away, and got in; while I was getting some timber, which I wanted, I heard some footsteps - I looked up, and saw a man going towards the gate; I called out; "Who are you? and what do you want?" he went out - I went into the yard, and on returning to the premises again, I saw the two prisoners; I called for assistance, and they were taken; there is only one gate to the premises, which is the one I went in at; some of these articles were taken from below, and some were up stairs; the lock of the gate was not broken, but the staple was broken off; I saw eleven springs on the ground, which had been taken from carriages; I had seen them on the Monday before, and this was on the Thursday; we found thirty-two or thirty-three cushions in different parts, and the linings of four of the carriages appeared to have been cut; I saw a quantity of japan in an iron pot, which had been put there from a stone bottle and a carboy - this screw-wrench was found in the yard.
Cross-examined. Q. How must they have got in? A. I did not see them get in, but they must have got over a wall, or the gate, twelve or fourteen feet high; the prisoners were taken on the spot - two men came to my assistance.
Stubbs. Q. Where did you find the holdfast of the door? A. It was hanging down on one screw; I did not tell you the door had been forced, and show you the holdfast on the post.
MR. STUBBS. I saw the cushions and springs; they were mine and my partner's.


                  THOMAS 
                  OWEN
               



             (Polic-constable H 40). I received information, and found the prisoners on the premises - I have a hand-screw, a crow-bar, and a picklock, which were given to me by Mr. Henry Stubbs.
HENRY STUBBS. I found these things in the right-hand corner of the yard.
Cross-examined. Q. When did you find them? A. On the 4th of April, which was the day the prisoners were taken; I did not produce them on the first examination - I was not there; I did on the second examination.



                  HENRY 
                  BARKER
               



             (Police-constable H 26). I took the prisoners - I found a gimblet in Hall's pocket.
Stubbs' Defence. On the first examination they argued about the wrench, and after we had been committed for a week they brought forward the hold fast, which they forced off, and produced and this crow-bar and key, as they call it.
HALL - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
STUBBS - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.
Of stealing only. - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fifth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
