



427. 




JOHN CRISP
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the counting-house of 



William Norsworthy, on the 
7th of December, at 
Paddington, and stealing therein, 1 case of drawing-instrument, value 1l. 10s., the goods of 



Marchant Alexander Gliddon; 2 pairs of compasses, value 14s.; 3 drawing pens, value 1s.; and 1 pencil-holder, value 3s.; the goods of 



William Carson.






WILLIAM CARSON
. I am clerk to William Norsworthy, builder in Cambridge-terrace—his counting-house is in Oxford-terrace—it is not part of his dwelling-house—it is in the parish of Paddington. On the evening of the 7th of December, I left the counting-house at eight o'clock—I left nobody there—I saw the windows all fastened before I left—they were fastened with a bolt—the two outer doors were both locked—one door was fastened inside—I saw them fastened, and took the key with me—I went next morning, at half-past seven o'clock, and found the door as I had left it, and all the shutters were up as I had left them—the labourer took them down—I did not observe that the office had been broken into them—not till the evening—it was then found out that the fillet which fastened the shutter had been wrenched off—the shutter would then come down though it was bolted—it would lift up—I missed an instrument-case, containing three steel-pens, two pairs of compasses, and a pencil-holder—they are used in our business—I am sure they had been there over night—they were in a box in a drawer—the glass of the window was broken—I discovered that in the course of the day—I found an iron bar under the window, outside, and the marks on the fillet fitted the end of the bar—the bar belongs to Mr. Norsworthy—it had been at the other end of the office the day before—not where I found it—I observed foot-marks on a chair inside, which always stood under the window—the prisoner had been a clerk

in the office with me, about three months, and left about four months ago.





WILLIAM NORSWORTHY
. The counting-house in question is mine—it is in the parish of Paddington—the instruments belong to Carson my clear.





MARCHANT ALEXANDER GLIDBON
. I am a clerk in the employ of Mr. Norsworthy. I was not the last person at the counting-house on the evening in question—my desk had not been locked—I missed my case of instruments next morning, between eight and nine o'clock—I am certain I had left them in my desk the night before.





JAMES ANSTEY
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner on the 31st of December, about half-past six o'clock in the morning, I found him in the shop of Mr. Ritchie, a builder at Paddington—I took him to the station-house the Inspector asked him what he had done with the two eases of instruments he had taken from Mr. Norsworthy—he began to cry, and said he had pawned them at Greenwich—I asked him what he had done with the duplicates—he said he tore them up—I asked what he did that for—he said he did not know—I asked him at the office what name he pawned then in, he said he did not know, but one of them was pawned at the corner of Market-street Greenwich, and the other a little above, in the same direction—as we were going to the station-house, be said he broke two squares of glass, and get into the counting-house—no threat or promise was held out to him.

CHARLES'REEVE. I am shopman to Mr. Harker, a pawnbroker, at the corner of Turpin-lane, Greenwich. On the 8th of December the prisoner came there to pawn part of a case of instruments for 2s.,—he said his name was John Edwards—1 never saw him before—I asked him whether they were his own, he said yes, and that he lived in London-street, Greenwich.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 18—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner for embezzlement.)

Second Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

