





870 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     WILLIAMS, alias 
BRISTOW





               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of March
, 1 spoon, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Plumpton
                  




               
            .


                  MICHAEL 
                  PLUMPTON
               



            . I am a confectioner
, and live in Barbican


. I was out, and on my coming home the prisoner was in custody, charged with stealing this spoon.


                  CAROLINE 
                  COWLAND
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Plumpton. On Sunday evening, the 25th of March, about half-past nine o'clock, the prisoner came to the shop; he sat down, and had 7d. worth of pastry - he then called for a jelly; I gave him a silver spoon to eat it with - he staid about a quarter of an hour, and went out without paying; I did not then miss the spoon, but went after him for the money - he ran, and a boy said he had thrown the spoon down an area - a watchman got it up; I am sure it is master's - he was searched at the watch-house, and had only three farthings; he said it was not him - he was the only person in the shop; I did not lose sight of him.


                  JOHN 
                  SCARCE
               



            . I am a watchman. The prisoner was given into my charge - I found the spoon in an area in Bridgewater-gardens - there was jelly on it.


                  JOHN 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am a constable of the night. The prisoner was delivered into my charge - I found a halfpenny and a farthing on him; he said distress had driven him to it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner pleaded poverty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven years
            .
