



1174. 




JOHN EWINGTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of May, 3 fowls, price 4s. 6d.; the property of 



Samuel Strong; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






SAMUEL STRONG
. I live at Monkton Hadley, Middlesex, and have a small farm. On Wednesday night, the 2nd of May, my fowls were locked up—on the 3rd of May I missed eight fowls, three of which have been recovered—I saw them before the Magistrate, and know them to be mine—the prisoner was a stranger.





JOHN PESTILL
. I live with Mr. Strong. On the 2nd of May I put the fowls into the hen-roost and locked the door, which is in the yard—I went there again about half-past five o'clock in the morning, and found the door broken open, and missed eight fowls—the policeman showed me three afterwards, which I know to be master's—the rest are lost—I do not know the prisoner.





JOHN WAKENELL
. I am a policeman. I fell in with the prisoner on the 3rd of May, at Whetstone, about two and a half miles from the prosecutor's, about three o'clock in the morning—he had something under his clothes—I asked what it was—he said he had nothing—I said he had—he then said it was victuals—I wished him to show it me—he felt his clothes, and said he could not get it out—I said" I must have it out"—a scuffle ensued, and we both fell to the ground—he bit my hand, and at last I lost my

hold, and he ran away with a large stick which I carry—when I came near him he swore he would knock me down, and gave me a tremendous blow on the head—I closed on him, and struggled with him—I called a wagoner to my assistance, but when he came the prisoner knew him, and he endeavoured to get him from me, but another person came up and assisted me—I took him to the station-house, and on going back, found two fowls where we had been scuttling, and one I found in his pocket—they were warm, as if recently killed—he whispered to the wagoner, and called him by his name—I snowed the fowls to Pestill.





HENRY BAILEY
. I assisted Wakenell in handcuffing the prisoner, as he resisted.

THOMAS AUSTIN. I am a policeman. I went to Mr. Strong's premises with the prisoner's shoes, and compared them with footmarks about eight yards from the premises—they tallied in all respects.

Prisoner. He said there were more nails in my shoes than in the marks. Witness. There were no nails in them—they corresponded exactly—the nails had been worn out.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going to Highgate that morning, and at the bottom of the hill I went behind a heap of gravel, and saw the fowls lying in a ditch—I picked them up—they felt warm—I put one into my pocket, and the other two inside my jacket, and buttoned it up.





JOHN LEGO
. I am a turnkey of Hertford jail. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I obtained from the clerk of the peace—(read)—he is the man who was convicted.




GUILTY
—Aged 21. 


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
