





362. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     IRELAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of November
, 2 pair of trousers, value 40s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Ford
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  FORD
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Faulkener, who has a stable in Doughty-mews


 - I lodge there. On the 30th of November, the prisoner was there in the evening, and I gave him a lodging by the Policeman's desire - I said I had not room in the stable, but he might sleep in the loft; he slept there three nights, and on the third night, I missed two pairs of trousers which had been hanging up in my bed-room - these are them.


                  JAMES 
                  JOYCE
               



             (Police-constable 
               E. 
            130). I took the prisoner on the 3rd of December - he said he left the trousers at two shops near Smithfield - I went and traced them.


                  JOHN 
                  KEBBELL
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker in Field-lane - I have a pair of trousers, which I bought of the prisoner, between eight and nine o'clock at night, on the 30th of November; he asked if we bought clothes; I said Yes - he showed me these trousers, and asked 4s. for them - I gave him 3s.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FALK
               



            . I keep a clothes-shop in Field-lane. On the 30th of November, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, the prisoner brought me these trousers, and asked 6s. for them - I offered him 4s., which he was eager to take; I asked where he came from; he said he had them given him a board a ship -I said I would keep them till he brought the person he had them of; he then went away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
