






354. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     KELLY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     JAMES
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of January
, 1 watch, value 5l., 3 seals, value 20s., 1 ring, value 5s., 1 watch-key, value 2s., and 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Shepherd
                  




               
            .
JAMES SHEPHERD. I am a servant
 - on the 7th of January, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, I fell in with the prisoner Kelly in St. Giles' - she asked me to treat her - I did - I then went with her to her lodging in Bainbridge-street, St. Giles'


 - we went to a one-pair room, where James was in bed - I did not give her any money; but I sent for a quartern of rum, which James got up and went for - when I was going up stairs I took my watch out of my fob, and put it into the breast-pocket of my coat, and my handkerchief on it, as I did not like the place - James returned with the rum in about five minutes - Kelly poured it into a cup, and handed it round - James tasted it - I took a small drop - Kelly then said, "I must go down for some water," which I understood was to mix with her liquor - she went down, and did not return - in a few minutes I felt my pocket, and missed my watch and handkerchief - James had not been near me; but Kelly had been very handy in handling me about while James was gone for the rum - I got a policeman - we went up to the room and found James in bed - he told her to get up - Kelly soon afterwards came in, and said she was the person - I lost a second handkerchief, which I had taken off my neck when I went into the room - that was burnt - I did not sit down, nor lie down.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. If you did not like the appearance of the place, why did not you go out? - A. Because there were some men at the door; and I thought I should have my brains knocked out by some bully - I had had something to drink with a friend in the City; but I knew what passed - I met Kelly at near twelve o'clock, as I was going to Great Portland-street - I have a wife in the country, but no family - I did not want to sleep with either of these girls; and I made no such proposal - I told Kelly I had no money, but enough to pay for the rum, and a few halfpence over - I never was in the habit of going to these houses; but I was a little elevated in liquor - I was not in the room more than ten minutes - James got up and put some of her dress on; but I turned my back to her while she dressed - Kelly pressed me to go to her lodging, and said we could have a glass off my handkerchief - I did not mean to stay; but I took off my handkerchief from my neck as I was warm - I had walked fast from Red Lion-square - I believe I put the handkerchief on a chair or a table; but I do not exactly know where I put it - I didsee it burnt; but one of them said it was burnt - I swear I did not take off my coat.


                  HENRY 
                  LONG
               



            . I am a pawnbroker - I have a handkerchief pawned by James on the 8th of January.


                  JAMES 
                  WALKER
               



            . (Police-constable, E 80.) I was called between twelve and one o'clock on the night of the 7th of January - the prosecutor said he had been robbed- I went into the room - I saw James in bed - he said that was the girl he had sent for some rum, but the other had gone down stairs for water - I turned my light off and waited about ten minutes - Kelly then came up into the room - I turned the light on, and asked the prosecutor if that was the girl - he said she was - I took her, and the next day the magistrate desired me to take James - she told me the duplicate of the handkerchief was in a glass, on the mantel-shelf, and that if I had looked in the bed, when I first went, I should have found it - she said Kelly told her it was her intention to rob the prosecutor, and she was sorry she had had anything to do with it - I had searched the bed when I first went, but found no handkerchief.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you sober? A. Yes; and so was the prosecutor - he said he had wrapped his watch in his handkerchief, and placed it in his breast pocket.
Kelly's Defence. The prosecutor stated at the office, that I took the handkerchief from his neck, which I could do not without his feeling it.


                  JAMES 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . I did not - I gave 6d. for the rum, and had 41/2d. beside, and that I was robbed of - I only took off my handkerchief because I was warm - this handkerchief is mine - here is a little knot at one corner.
KELLY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JAMES - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
