





501. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of February
, 1 sovereign, the money of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Holt
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HOLT
               



            . I am a tailor
. On Sunday morning,, the 10th of February, between two and three o'clock I was going through Fitzroy-square - I had left work at eight o'clock the evening before; I was sober; the prisoner accosted me, and asked me to go with her - I said I was going home, and did not wish to be bothered with her; she followed me up Brook-street


, and offered to let me go with her for 6d; I agreed to this, paid her, and went with her up a court - I had a sovereign in my watch-pocket, which I pulled out and looked at before I went up the court - as we were coming out, she kept cuddling round me, and I felt something coming out of my right-hand waistcoat pocket - I put my hand in and missed my sovereign; I did not see a Policeman there, but we went about thirty yards up Brook-street, when I saw a Policeman - I called out Police! she then said, "Why did not you speak about it before?" I gave her in charge - she denied it, but at the station she gave it up, and said I gave it her by mistake for 1s.


                  JOHN 
                  NEEDLES
               



             (Police-constable, S 153). The prosecutor called me, and charged the prisoner with taking a sovereign from his waistcoat-pocket; she said she did not, and had not her hand in his pocket; but at the station she pulled it out, and said she thought it was a shilling - I found on her 1s. 6d. in silver, and 6 1/2d. in copper.
Prisoner's Defence. I told him I would not go with him for 6d., and he said he would give me 1s. 6d. - I thought it was a shilling he gave me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
