



2435. 




JOHN DAVEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of October, 1 canvas bag value 9d.; 115lbs. Weight of sugar, value 4l. 2s.; and 6lbs. weight of tea, value 1l. 12s.; the goods of 



John Roffey.






JOHN ROFFEY
. I am a carman, and live at Charlwood, in Surrey, two miles from Crawley. I received a bag at the shop of North, Simpson, and Co., to be conveyed according to the address—I went to the Talbot Inn, in the borough, and there put the bag on the top of the load—I then went to an ironmonger's near St. George's Church—I went into the shop, and was absent about five minutes, and when I came out, the bag was gone.





JOHN PRIVET
. I am shopman to North, Simpson, and Co., of Bridge-street, Blackfriars. In consequence of directions from Mr. Middleton, of Blowfield-heath, near Crawley, I delivered to Roffey the bag containing 115lbs. of sugar and 6lbs. of tea with the invoice which I made out—it came to 5l. 14s.—this is the bag—(looking at it.)






THOMAS BENJAMIN PERCIVAL
. I am an officer of Portsoken-ward. On the evening of the 24th of October, between six and seven o'clock, I was passing along Houndsditch, and the prisoner passed me a few doors from Gravel-lane, about two miles from St. George's Church, carrying this bag with its contents—I ran up Gravel-lane, and stopped him, and asked where he was going—he said, "Just round the corner"—I said that would not do, and asked who employed him—he said he got his living by carrying parcels in the street—that a gentleman stopped him near London-bridge, and asked him to carry it—he could not tell where he was to take it to, but afterwards he said something about the Cock and Hoop—I opened it afterwards, and found the invoice.

Prisoners Defence. I was on London-bridge by the steam-wharf—a gentleman came up and said, "My lad, will you carry this parcel down Houndsditch, and I will give you 1s.?"—so I carried it—the gentleman kept talking to me till I got to Houndsditch, when I was taken hold of, and then he went away—I thought he was following me—when the officer told me to stop, I thought that it was the gentleman speaking to me

T. B. PERCIVAL
re-examined. I never saw the prisoner before—I saw one or two parties a few yards from him, but I saw no more of them afterwards—one man in a round jacket was going to follow him up the lane, but he saw me—the prisoner was dressed similar to a porter, in a round hat and fustian coat—on going to the Compter, he said he got his living as a porter, and lived in Rose-lane, Spitalfields.




GUILTY
.* Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
