




796. 




FREDERICK LAWSON
 and 



JOHN SPENCER HIBBS



were indicted for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Lewis Anwell (since deceased,) about two o'clock in the night of the 
14th of January, at 
St. Mary Matfelon, alias

Whitechapel, and stealing therein 5 watches, value 10l.;17 spoons, value 15s.; 2 brooches, value 15s.; 1 watch-key, value 2s. 6d.;2 pairs of ear-rings, value 10s.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; 72 pence, and 100 halfpence; the goods and monies of the said Lewis Anwell.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution,







HARRIET ANWELL
. I am the widow of Lewis Anwell. He was alive at the time of this robbery, but very ill indeed—my house is the Halfmoon and Punchbowl, in Buckle-street, in the parish of St. Mary Matfelon Whitechapel—I know the prisoners—they, with two others, named Nathan and Gardener, were at my house on the 14th of January—Lawson was employed in the house as pot-boy—at one o'clock, on the morning of the 14th of January, he helped me to put the shutters up—I heard some noise in the course of the night, which alarmed me—I suppose it was about ten minutes before three o'clock—it was as if something heavy had fallen into an empty room—such a noise as a man would make in falling from a window—I came down, about eleven o'clock in the morning, and went into the bar—I found my cash-box broken open, and missed from it a gold watch, four silver watches, a quantity of spoons, a trinket-box, with rings and different things in it—the value of all I lost is about 13l.—I have since seen one of the watches, but none of the other property, except what was in the possession of Lawson's brother—I had taken nearly 200l. up stairs with me the night before, and that I had with me up stairs—I went into the long room, where there is a sky-light—I found the pulley of the sky-light drawn up, and the birch-broom put up, to keep it up—that window opens by a pulley inside—by pulling a rope, the window would go up—I had left that window shut, when I went to bed, and all the house shut up—I had done it myself—Lawson went round with me—I had left that room safe at half-past one o'clock—Lawson did not sleep in the house—there is a wall and a water-butt outside the house.





HENRY BROWN
. I am the prosecutrix's father. On the night before the robbery, I saw Gardener, Lawson, and Hibbs in my daughter's house—I saw Lawson and Gardener in the long room, trying to pull up the sky-light by the rope—Hibbs was standing by them, and he said they should pull the other rope, and that would take the sky-light up—I saw them again on the Monday night all together, Lawson, Gardener, Nathan, and Hibbs—that was the night as the robbery was discovered in the morning—I went into the long room in the morning, and found the sky-light up, the broom under it, and the door open.





NAOMI ANWELL
. I am the prosecutrix's daughter. I was the first person that opened the bar on the morning of the 15th of January—I did so at eight o'clock—I found it shut—I unlocked it, and unscrewed the shutters.





WILLIAM NORMOYLE
 (police-sergeant H 15.) I was called in by the prosecutrix to examine the house, on the Tuesday morning, the 15th—I found the sky-light, in the long room, open, and the birch-broom under it, to keep it so—I also saw a small door, which leads from the long room into the bar, forced open, and a drawer in the bar forced open—it appeared to me that the entrance had been made through the sky-light, because the dust on the frame of it was rubbed off, as if a person had dropped from there into the room—it is a few yards from the floor—a person falling, or dropping from it to the floor, would necessarily make some noise—I took Hibbs into custody—he said he was innocent of it.





ALLEN PIPE
 (police-constable H 51.) On the night of the 17th of January I went to a house, in Craig's-court, Whitechapel, and took a young

woman into custody, and found the duplicate of a watch in the coal-hole, under the stairs—in consequence of information, I went to the lodging of George Lawson, in Kingsland-road, and got a ticket—I also found a watch-key there.





GEORGE LAWSON
. I am the prisoner's brother, and lodge in Orange-street, Bethnal-green-road, and work for a floor-cloth manufacturer. One day in January, my brother produced a watch to me—I exchanged mine for it, on trial—I afterwards pawned it at Mr. Cotton's, in Hackney-road.





SAMUEL WALKER
. I am in the employ of Mr. Cotton, a pawnbroker, in Hackney-road. I have a watch, which was pawned by George Lawson, on the 17th of January.





CORNELIUS FOAY
 (police-constable H 98.) I took Lawson into custody. I asked him if he knew Gardener—he said he did not—I said, "He was in your company at Mr. Anwell's, on the morning of the robbery"—he said he did not know him.





MART WRIGHT
. I am the wife of John Wright, and lire in the same house as the prisoner Lawson. On Tuesday morning, the 15th of January, I saw Lawson and Gardener together, in Lawson's room—Gardener sat in the room by the fire side—I did not hear any conversation between them.





JOHN BRIGHTWELL
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Buckle-square, Buckle-street. I know Nathan, Lawson, and Hibbs—I have seen them together at the prosecutrix's house—on Tuesday morning, the 15th of January, I was awoke by the top of the water-butt falling off—I looked out of window, it was rather a dark morning—I cannot tell what hour it was—(I was very poorly—I had been taking medicine, and went to bed very early that evening)—I saw three or four men—I saw three, and heard another one—I thought I heard voices, which I knew; one was Nathan's, and another Lawson's—I could not say exactly whose voices the others were—I could see three men, and heard a fourth voice—I saw Nathan, and I am almost sure I heard Lawson's voice—I saw Nathan and Hibbs on the wall—on the Saturday night before the robbery, I was in the long room, and saw Lawson, Hibbs, Nathan, and another, there—I saw Hibbs put the broom under the sky-light, to open it—I saw Hibbs take and pull a rope, and say, "This is the way"—he said so to Nathan—I had frequently seen the prisoners there before—I never saw them in my passage.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know a person who goes by the name of Mad Jack? A. Not to ray knowledge—I never heard any one call me so—I do not very often go to this long room.

MRS. ANWELL
re-examined. This watch is one of those which was taken out of my bar—it is mine.

Lawson. I have witnesses to prove that this man Brightwell has false-sworn himself.

LAWSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

HIBBS—


NOT GUILTY
.
