





847. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     RIORDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of February
, 1 shawl, value 9s.; 2 shirts, value 7s.; 1 shift, value 4s.; 1 pair of stays, value 8s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 8s.; 2 gowns, value 13s.; 1 gown piece, value 7s.; 1 bonnet, value 4s.; 2 caps, value 3s.; 1 collar, value 5s.; 1 coat, value 3l.; 1 pair of trousers, value 10s., and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Galton
                  




               
            .
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution.
JOHN GALTON. I live at Barnsbury-row, Islington


. The prisoner was in my service in February last, and had been so for two months. On the 19th of February she was sent out on an errand by my wife - she was brought backby two watchmen in a quarter of an hour, with some articles of clothing, the whole of which belong to us; she was crying, and I thought some accident had happened - she said nothing relating to these things to me.


                  JAMES 
                  ESSEX
               



            . I am a watchman of Islington. I met the prisoner at half-past six that evening, with a bundle over her shoulder; I asked what she had got; she said clothing; I said I had some suspicion it was not right, that she must go to the watch-house, and if it was right she should be let go - in going along she said, "Let me go home;" I said, "You shall if it is not too far;" she said, "I live up here," and took me to her master's, who owned the property; while we were examining the bundle she got out backwards - another watchman pursued and took her.


                  AUGUSTUS 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I am a watchman. I was on duty - when we came up to the prisoner she said she had some blankets going to be washed, I looked and saw it was wearing-apparel, and we took her to her master's - she made her way to the kitchen, and got out the back way; I missed her crying, and took her about two hundred yards from the house.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
