






913. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  REEVES
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  JAY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of March
, 105lbs. of lead, value 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Nathaniel 
                           Gould
                        



                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to belong to 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cox
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cox
               



            .
CHARLES MATTHEWS. I am an assistant overseer at the Houseless Poor Asylum, in Playhouse-yard, Whitecross-street, St. Luke's


 - William and Thomas Cox are owners of the premises. On the 9th of March, about eleven o'clock in the morning, Attfield gave me information - the prisoners were then in custody; I went on the roof, and all the lead was stripped from the trap-door - the space is about five feet six inches, by three feet four inches; Attfield brought it on the 11th, and we compared it to the place - it fitted by two nails, which had been driven through into a board, which I have here - I have not a doubt of its belonging to that place; the prisoners were in the asylum for nine or ten weeks, as helpers and stokers - I saw them there on the 9th of March.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATTFIELD
               



            . I am a constable of Worship-street. I stopped the prisoners about half-past nine o'clock that morning, about one hundred and fifty yards from the asylum - they were both carrying a load, which appeared very heavy, wrapped in a jacket and a pair of trousers; they turned into Cowhell-alley - one went into a Chimney-sweeper's there, and I pushed the other in, and with great difficulty took them to the office - they had got this lead; I went to the asylum, and on the 11th I saw the lead compared to the roof; it fitted the vacancy exactly - I observed this board; the holes in the lead corresponded with it - I have not a doubt the lead was taken from there; they said they brought the lead from home, but refused to say where.
JOSEPH GRAY. I am an assistant to the superintendent ofthe asylum. I saw the prisoners there on the 9th of March, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning - they have lived there ever since the 20th of December; the officer came to the asylum, about half-past eleven o'clock - I went to Worship-street, and saw the lead; I saw it compared with the roof; it fitted the vacancy exactly - I have not a doubt of its being taken from there.
CHARLES SCOTCHMER. I am a Policeman. Attfield called me to assist in securing the prisoners - the lead was then in the chimney-sweeper's house; we tied one of each of their hands together - one of them tried to untie it; he said,"What are you going to do with us? you can do nothing; where is the prosecutor? where is the man that owns it?" the lead was in two parcels, and weighs 105lbs. - I saw it applied to the roof; it completely fitted the vacancy.
Reeves put in a written Defence, stating that he was desired by an inmate at the asylum, who he did not know, to take the lead out for him; that he met Jay, and got him to assist.
Jay's Defence. I went out, and was coming back - I met Reeves, who asked me to go with him; I asked him several times how he came by the lead - he never gave me any satisfaction.
REEVES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
JAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
