





976. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  MYERS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of May
, at St. James's, Duke's-place


, 6 spoons, value 17s.; 1 pepper-castor, value 10s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 5s.; 1 eye-glass, value 1s.; 7 gowns, value 3l.; 8 shirts, value 2l.; 6 table-cloths, value 30s.; 9 scarfs, value 6l.; 8 shirts, 30s.; and 6 shifts, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        Solomon 
                        Aarons
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  MARY 
                  AARONS
               



            . I am the wife of Solomon Aarons - he lives in Duke-street, Aldgate


, in the parish of St. James, Duke's place. On the 23rd of May, I was going up stairs about ten o'clock at night - I opened the room door, and found my things strewed about the floor - it was the two-pair room - the things had been taken out of the drawer - I did not go into the room, but I heard a chair stir - I ran down, and went out and called for assistance - I had been in that room at six o'clock, and the things were all right then - the prisoner had no right in my house.


                  MICHAEL 
                  JACOBS
               



            . I live in Duke-street, Aldgate. I was sitting down about ten in the evening, and heard the alarm - I ran out, and saw Mrs. Aarons holding the door, she said there were thieves in the house - the prisoner got out - I took him and gave him to the officer - he had no right in the house.


                  EVE 
                  ISRAEL
               



            . I saw the prisoner come out of the house, and Mr. Jacobs took him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and produce the property.
MARY AARONS. This is my husband's property, and is worth what is stated in the indictment.
Prisoner. This is my first offence - I leave myself to the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
