








2319. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LAWRENCE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of September

, 1 pair of boots, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Barrett
                        



                     
                  ; 3 coats, value 25s., 1 cape, value 5s., and 1 pair of boots, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Baker
                        



                     
                  ; 1 coat, value 7s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Carney
                        



                     
                  ; 1 coat, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Walker
                        



                     
                  ; 1 handkerchief, value 6s., and 1 basket, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Sumpter
                        



                     
                  ; 1 pair of boots, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Carminack
                        



                     
                  , and 1 coat, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Bernard 
                           Andrews
                        



; and 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     COHEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     COHEN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute, &c.
THIRD COUNT, stating them to be the goods of our Lord the 
               
King



            .
ANOTHER COUNT, varying the manner of laying the property.
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  GEORGE 
                  POWELL
               



             (Police-constable E 75). I lodge at the station in Charlotte-street, Bloomsbury



; the clothes belonging to the Policemen are kept there; about one o'clock on the morning of the 28th of September I saw them safe in the kitchen; and in about half an hour afterwards, I received information that some clothes were laying about the street, and in the area - a great number were missing; inquiries were made, and the officers were sent to find them.


                  HARRIET 
                  WILKINS
               



            . I am a woman of the town. On the night of the 27th of September, I was in New-street,Covent-garden; I saw Williams and Lawrence about halfpast eleven o'clock, I asked them to treat me, and they took me to a wine-vaults - I walked with them through the Piazza's, and left them at the corner of Elton-street; Williams said he would sleep with me, and perhaps he would see me again in half an hour, but no place was appointed - it was then about half-past twelve o'clock; I afterwards saw Williams at the corner of Plumtree-street, St. Giles', about a quarter-past one - I known the stationhouse, one part of it is in George-street, which is the next street to Plumtree-street; Williams then asked me, if I would call a cab - I went to a stand, but there was no one on the stand; I returned in two or three minutes to Williams and then Lawrence had come to him, but I had not seen him come - they had got a cab, and were in it; I asked them to give me a ride - the cab-man refused, and said it was too much for the horse, but they said, "O let her get in," and I did; we drove to Eagle-street - Lawrence there got out of the cab, and took a bundle out with him; I still sat in the cab: Lawrence returned, and brought his bundle back to the cab, and said, "My brother is gone to bed" - he got into the cab, and they then told the man to drive to Little Saffron hill; he drove there - I do not know the number of the house they stopped at; they got out, and took with them the bundle and a basket - I sat in the cab for full ten minutes after they had got out, and taken the bundle and basket; I do not rightly know what time it was, but it was more then half-past one o'clock - Williams then came out, and asked if I would come in and sit by the fire; Isaac Cohen then came out of the house, and I went in doors - I did not see Cohen do any thing with the cabman; I did not see what the bundle and basket contained: I did not see them opened at Cohen's, nor did I see any things on the floor - I was sitting by the fire.
COURT. Q. Did you see either the basket or the bundle on the floor? A. I saw them on the floor, but I did not see them opened - I had had something to drink, and there was a table before me.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you see them on the floor? A. Yes; they had been removed before the Policemen came, but I did not see them - both the Cohen's were in the room; I cannot tell how long I had been in the room before the three officers came, but I think above an hour; I had had some tea - I heard 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Cohen
               



             speak to one of the officers, but I cannot tell what he said; all the prisoners were in the room when the officers came; I saw the Policeman take the basket from under a bed, or a sofa, and I saw them take the clothes out on their arms, but I cannot say where they took them from; they seemed to be men's clothes.
COURT. Q. Did you see, at any time, the things taken out of the bundle and basket? A. No; the clothes were taken from the same place as the basket was, but the things were put away before I got into the room; I think the basket was empty when it was drawn from under the bed- there were two beds in the room; I did not see whether there were articles taken from both the beds - I did not hear what passed between the officer and Isaac Cohen as they went out at the door.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Had you known Williams before? A. No; we went to a wine-vualts, and I think they had been drinking before; I think we had two or three glasses of gin at the wine-vaults - Williams certainly was tipsy; I do not know who put the things into the cab - I did not see them put in; I did not see any thing with either of them; I heard that a number of things were laying about the street - Williams was all the way through very desirous that I should accompany him, and when there was an objection made about my getting into the cab, I think it was him that said, "Oh, let her come;" it was Lawrence who got out at Eagle-street, but Williams remained in the cab; and when Lawrence got in again, Williams desired the man to go to Saffron-hill, and said he was going to take me to his lodging.
Lawrence. Q. Did you not put a blue handkerchief into my hat, which you said you picked up at the bottom of the cab? A. Yes, I did.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How soon after you arrived at Saffron-hill did you go into the room? A. I think in about ten minutes - I cannot say who removed the things into the room; I dare say I was an hour in the room - the things were not removed in that time - Abraham Cohen went out to get something to drink, leaving the others in the room - I saw and heard what they did; when the Policemen came in, Isaac Cohen said, "What is the matter?" or something of that kind, and he went outside the door - they came into the room again, and I believe the things were pointed out by Cohen, but I did not see it, as I was very much frightened - I was sitting by the fire; it was a good sized room; I had not seen or heard any bargaining about the things.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. When you went into the room, were the bundle and basket in sight? A. No, they were not - there was no appearance of business in the place; it was merely a common room.


                  GEORGE 
                  HILL
               



            . I am driver of the cab No. 3. On the night of the 27th of September I was called off the rank, at Broad-street, St. Giles', by Lawrence, who took me to the corner of Charlotte-street, against the chapel - I went up Plumtree-street, and there Williams met me, he put a bundle into the cab, and Lawrence fetched a basket, and put in; they both got into the cab, and Wilkins came running up to bid them good bye; but as we were going off, she said, "Bill, give us a ride," and Williams said,"Get in;" I said it was too much for the horse, I could not take three; but if I did, I hoped they would pay me for it; Williams said, "It is all right, we will pay you;" I drove to a street, which I think is called Turk-street, Bloomsbury - Lawrence there got out, and took the bundle and basket; he returned in about a quarter of an hour, brought them back, and said to Williams, "I can't get in there;" Williams said, "I know of a place on Saffron-hill" - I then drove them to Little Saffron-hill, and put them down; I do not know at what house; Williams and Lawrence got out, and took the things, but the girl remained with me in the cab for about a quarter of an hour - Williams then came out of the house, and told her to go in, and make herself comfortable by the fire; she got out of the cab, and went in - Williams then asked what my fare was; I said 3s., and I hoped they would give me something more; he said Oh yes, he would, and give me something to drink, but he must call his friend out to get some money; Isaac Cohen came out just as the girl was going in at the door; Williams told him togive me 3s. 6d.; I waited some time, and then Cohen said I could not have any thing to drink, and they gave me another shilling.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Can you undertake to say that both the bundle and basket were not put in by Lawrence? A. Yes; they both brought some -Williams said he knew of a place on Saffron-hill; I did not hear him say it was a place to sleep at with the girl, for I was rattling over the stones - I believe they were tipsy.
 - WILLIAMS. I was assistant to the waterman at Broad-street rank that night; I saw the cab hired, but I cannot say by whom - I saw a bundle put into the cab -I saw a lady and gentleman come along Charlotte-street; the gentleman said, "Halloo, what is this?" I looked, and saw a number of things on the steps and on the pavement; this was in the same street, and nearly opposite where the things were put into the cab - I took up some of the things, and gave information; the gentleman and lady took up some of them; I saw the cab come back between two and three o'clock, and I gave information of it.


                  JAMES 
                  ISAAC
               



             (Police-constable E 23). In consequence of information on the morning of the 28th of of September, I went with two other officers to No. 11, Little Saffron-hill - it was then between two and three o'clock - the door was on the latch - we opened it, and went in - the four prisoners were in the room; Isaac Cohen said to me "Well, Isaac, what, is it about these things?" or about the things, and at the same time, he put his hand against me to wish me to go into the passage - he did not push me; I had known him for some years - I believe he is in the clothes line; when we got into the passage, he said, "What about these things," I said, "What things?" he said, "Those things here;" I said, "If the things are here, show them to me;" he went into the room, and pointed to a bed - I stooped down, and pulled out a great coat and a Police-coat, and my brother officer found some more things out; I then said "Are there any more?" he said"No, I have told you all;" I said, "I am certain there are more things, for we have missed more;" 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Cohen
               



             then pointed to another bed in the room; I found two Police coats under that bed; Williams and Lawrence were in the room, and I asked if they had brought the things there - Isaac Cohen said Yes, and the girl had come with them - we spoke loud enough for all who were in the room to hear us - the clothes were loose under the bed; when Isaac Cohen and I went into the room again, he said "It will be all right, don't make a noise."
Cross-examined. Q. Has Isaac Cohen borne a good character for honesty? A. Yes, as far as I know; when he had pointed out some things, he said that was all he knew of; Abraham Cohen lived in the house I believe; the prisoners and the girl were taking coffee in the room when we went in - I cannot tell whether the other officer heard what Isaac Cohen said to me.


                  THOMAS 
                  BUTTRISS
               



             (Police-constable E 142). I went with the other officer to the house on Saffron-hill- the prisoners and the girl were there; 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Cohen
               



             said "Well, Isaac, what, is this about the things?' he said, "It is all right," and he put him into the passage, where they stood for a minute or two; they then came into the room, and we asked two or three times where these things were - Isaac Cohen pointed to one of the beds, and some things were found there, but I cannot say what; we then asked if there were any more, and Abraham Cohen pointed to the other bed - I searched there, and found a cape, a coat, and a pair of boots.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARTON
               



             (Police 
               Serjeant, G
             1). I went with the other two officers - we found the four prisoners and the girl at tea; Isaac Cohen said to Isaac, "What, about these things?" they then went out of the room, returned, and pointed to the two beds where the things were found - the uniform clothes are the property of the King.


                  EDWARD 
                  BARRETT
               



             (Police-constable E 105). These things belong to the King, but we pay for them out of our salary, and leave them behind us if we quit the service - this pair of boots are mine.


                  JAMES 
                  BAKER
               



             (Police-constable E 115). This pair of boots are mine, this cape, and this uniform coat; they had been safe in the station that night; these other things belong to different officers.
MR. BODKIN to 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  POWELL
               



            . Q. You saw these things all safe? A. Yes - I did not notice them particularly, but they were safe; I did not notice the time particularly - they were laying about the shelves in the kitchen; there was a great deal of property there; I went down to stair the fire about one o'clock; I went down again in about half an hour, and the shelves were stripped.
Williams's Defence. I was walking up Catherine-street, and met Lawrence, whom I had known four or five years - I asked him to have something to drink, and we went and had some; we afterwards met Wilkins, who asked me to treat her, which we did; we then went on to Middle-row, and then parted - we then went to St. Giles's to try to get something more to drink, but could not find a house open; we were then coming down a short street, leading from George-street to Charlotte-street, and I stumbled over something - I took it up, and it was this basket; we then went on, turned the corner, and Lawrence found the bundle tied round with a piece of list; he said "What had we better do?" I said "Keep them till morning, and see if there will be a reward offered," and we agreed to take a cab, and go to Eagle-street, where he had a brother, but he was out, and he could not get in (when we got into the cab, Wilkins had come to us, and asked us to give her a ride); I was then going to sleep at Co hen's, which they had allowed me to do, as I have known them for four or five years, and they have lent me a little money to purchase small things; when we got to the house, I put the bundle down, and kicked it under the bed, and the basket was put down at the foot of the other bed - I did not know what they contained; I did wrong in taking them away when I found them; it was stated at Hatton-garden, that there are still some things missing, and it was as likely for us to find these things as for other persons to find them.
Lawrence's Defence (written). On the night of the robbery I met Williams in Catherine-street, Strand; he asked me tohave something to drink - we went into a public-house; Williams paid for some rum, and afterwards for a pot of ale - we left the public-house about half-past ten o'clock, and proceeded on towards Covent-garden market, where we met the girl Wilkins; she asked us to give her some gin - we treated her to some gin; we then walked down New-street, and went into a wine-vaults, and we had some more to drink; the girl was with us - we then went away, determined to go home, being intoxicated; we all three walked together towards St. Giles' church, where we parted with the girl Wilkins; I did not hear Williams say that he would meet her again that night - this was about a quarter to one o'clock; I wanted to part with Williams, but he said, "You shall not go until we have a parting glass;" we went up Plumtree-street, thinking to find a public-house open in St. Giles' - when we got there they were closed; Williams then said he knew of a watering-house, at the corner of Red Lion-street, which was open all night - we went up Phoenix-street, and turned into Charlotte-street; Williams fell over something, and, getting up, picked up a basket - a little further on I saw a dark bundle lay, which I picked up; Williams put the basket on his arm, and said we had better call a cab to take them somewhere until the morning, and see if there would be a reward offered; we had not opened the bundles, and did not know what they contained - we went to the top of Plumtree-street; Williams then said, "Give me the bundle, and go and call a cab;" when I got into Broad-street I saw a cab on the stand, and called him off - I got into the cab; Williams put the bundle and basket in - he then got into the cab himself, when the girl Wilkins came up at the time, and asked Williams to give her a ride - he asked me whether I knew of a place to leave them until the morning, to see whether they were advertised; I told the cab man to drive to Eagle-street, to an acquaintance of mine, but I found they had left - Williams said, "Never mind," and told me to get in, as he knew of a friend of his, where in a day or two he was going to lodge; he told the cab man to drive to Little Saffron-hill - I told him I should not get in, as there was not room for three; I walked by the side of the cab all the way - Williams got out, and knocked at the door, which one of the Cohens opened; Williams asked me to bring the things out of the cab - Cohens invited the girl to come in; I asked Wilkins if every thing was out of the cab; she said Yes all but a blue handkerchief which she found at the bottom of the cab, which she put into my hat -Williams then asked me how much money I had got; I told him about 7d. - he then said, "We have not got enough to pay the cab;" Cohen said, "Never mind, I can pay, then you can pay me to-morrow," as they had known Williams for five years; it was the first time that I had ever been in Cohen's house - after the cab man was paid and went, Williams told me the things were all safe at Cohens'; it was past two o'clock - the elder Cohen said, "Perhaps your friends would take a cup of tea, as you have been drinking;" we all sat down and had some breakfast; I then remarked to Cohen it was getting late, and that I gave up all hopes of getting into my lodging - Cohens then said,"Never mind, as you are friends of Williams, you are welcome to stop here until the morning;" while we were having some tea, some person opened the door, and knocked at the parlour door, which Cohen opened, and in came several Policemen, and asked for some things that had been stolen from a station-house- it struck us, for the first time, what the basket and bundle contained; the elder Cohen said, "It must he the bundle or basket that you have found;" the Policemen then said, "These are the things that we have lost;" they then took us all prisoners.


                  Abraham 
                  Cohen
               



            's Defence. Isaac says the goods were concealed - I do not understand what he means; they were only put down by the side of the beds - they were not brought to me for sale; I knew Williams when I was in business, and entrusted him to sleep in my house - if the goods were stolen, I could have put them out at my back door.
Issac Cohen's Defence. I have nothing to do with my father's business, I was there by accident.
JURY to 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  POWELL
               



            . Q. Did you find the door or window of the station-house open? A. The area gate was open, and a person by going down there could put their hand into a broken pane of glass, and put the bolt of the door back - I had left the door shut.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
LAWRENCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
A. COHEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 68.
I. COHEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
