




1859. 




PATRICK WALSH
 and 




OWEN OWEN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
24th of July, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 



John Jackson, from his person; and that Patrick Walsh had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN JACKSON
. On the 24th of July, at twenty minutes past three o'clock, I was walking in Bow-street—I received information, and missed my handkerchief—this is mine—I believe I had it in my pocket.





ROBERT SNOWBALL
. I live in James-street, Covent-garden, and work for Mr. Merry weather. On this afternoon I was looking out of the window, and saw the two prisoners at the comer of Bow-street, following Mr. Jackson and his lady—there was another with them whom we did not get—I saw them try the prosecutor's pocket—I watched them, and saw the two bigger ones covering the little one, (OWEN,) and he drew the handkerchief—I went down, and took Owen, and Mr. Dean caught Walsh—when they Were taken to the office, Walsh dropped the handkerchief.

Walsh. I was not within five or ten yards of this boy—I saw this man run, and two or three more, and take this other boy—another man laid hold of me, and tore my coat, and then they all took me; and there were two female prisoners charged with felony—they shoved us all behind, and he swore then that Owen had the handkerchief in his breast when he shoved him behind the bar—this boy says he picked it up, and when the man shook him in the station-house, he dropped it.

Owen. I was going down the street, and the handkerchief laid on the ground—I took it up—that gentleman came and took hold of me.





COLIN FORBES
 (police-constable F 115.) I was in the station, and saw Walsh drop the handkerchief out of his breast.





RICHARD GABRIEL GABB
 (police-sergeant F 14.) I produce a cerficate of the prisoner Walsh's former conviction of felony from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the man.

WALSH*—


GUILTY
. Aged 17. 


Transported for Seven Years.

OWEN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 9. 



Confined Two Months, and 


whipped.

