



108. 




RICHARD MARTIN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of November, 1 watch, value 1l. 10s.; 1 watch-chain, value 1s.; 2 watch-keys, value 6d.; 1 pair of boots, value 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 4s.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 towel, value 1d.; and 2 handkerchiefs, value 7d.; the goods of 




George Edgley.






GEORGE EDGLEY
. I am cow-man to Mrs. Wetherall, and sleep over her cow-house. I had a watch and chain, two keys, a pair of boots, and these other things, on the 15th of November—I saw them safe when I got up, at half-past three o'clock in the morning, and left these things safe in the loft above the cow-house—I returned home a little before seven o'clock, and they were all gone—the gates are left undone in the morning, when we go out—I did not know the prisoner—this is all my property.





MARY WETHERALL
. I am a widow, and live at No. 11, Little Marylebone-street, and am a cow-keeper—the prosecutor is my cow-man I know the prisoner—he came once to work on my premises while a man was ill—on this morning, the 15th of November, I saw him come out of my gates, at half-past six o'clock, with a bundle—I ran out after him, round the next street, and cried" Stop thief"—a boy that is here ran after him, and he was overtaken, and the bundle brought back—I asked him what made him do it—he said he wanted to be transported.





JAMES COLE
. I live in Great Chesterfield-street. I heard the cry of" Stop thief," and saw the prisoner running—I ran, and he dropped this pair of boots—I did not pick them up, but followed him to Great Marylebone-street—there he dropped the handkerchief, towel, and waistcoat—I picked them up—I still ran on, and between Marylebone-street and Wimpole-street a policeman caught him—in our return the policeman picked up the boots—the watchman picked up the watch in Westmoreland-street.





HENRY NEEDHAM
. I am a watchman. I picked up the watch in Westmoreland-street, in the road the prisoner had run.

Prisoner. I was in distress.




GUILTY
. * Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
