







2002. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAVIS
                  





               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     AUSTIN
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of July

, 2 coats, value 4l.; 1 handkerchief, value 5s., and 1 ring, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward Harvey 
                           Maltby
                        



                     
                  , Esq
.; and that Davis had been before convicted of felony
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.
EDWARD HARVEY MALTBY. I am a barrister
, and have chambers in Paper-buildings, in the Temple



. On the 2nd of July I went from town, to attend the Buckingham Quarter-sessions - I left Garton, my clerk, in my chambers; I had in my chambers some dress-coats, a mourning ring for Dr. Parr, a silk handkerchief, and some other things - I think I had seen these things safe about two days before I left town, which was about seven days before they were taken.


                  GEORGE 
                  KINGSTON GARTON
               



            . I am clerk to the prosecutor - I remember his going out of town; I live in John-street. I went to dinner about half-past four o'clock on the 4th of July - I left the drawers and every thing in the chambers safe; I know these dress-coats, and other articles were safe; I had seen the coats that morning - I returned at six, and found the outer door shut, as I had left it, but the inner door was open - all the locks had been broken, the things taken out of the drawers, and one or two of the drawers were pulled completely out.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Were these articles under lock and key? A. Yes; I had left the key of the drawers in a little drawer.


                  MARIA 
                  KAMPTON
               



            . I am now living with my friends; I have left the course of life I was in - I was an unfortunate girl; I was acquainted with the prisoner Austin - he was a clerk in the East India-house; I heard him say he had been a clerk before, but I do not know to what - he came to live with me at my lodging in York-square; he came there the beginning of June, a little before Greenwich fair - I afterwards lived with him at Harrison-street, Gray's Inn-lane, and at Easton-street, Clerkenwell; when we lived at Harrison-street, I pawned a coat for him with a velvet collar, at Mr. Loveday's in Gray's Inn-lane - I knew Davis while I lived in Harrison-street; I had never seen him before - he gave me a coat to pawn at the same time that Austin did; that had not a velvet collar - the prisoners were together when they gave me the coats; they took them out of the house, and gave them to me in the street - they had brought them into the house: one of the coats was tied up in a green silk handkerchief, but I do not know which - I received a mourning-ring about three weeks afterwards, at the Cheshire Cheese, publichouse, to pawn; I looked at the name on it, but could not tell what it was - it was after that that Davis and two other men went with me to the public-house, and the officer came and took us; when I went to Hatton-garden, I told what I have stated now.
Cross-examined. Q. But you never said any thing about it till the pawnbroker had identified you as the person? A. I did not know they had been stolen - I did not make the statement to save myself; Mr. Newton taxed me with it, and said I had better tell what I had done - I was frightened; I never was in trouble before, but I stated what was true - I have gone by the name of Jager, and Austin told me that his name was Copeland, and authorized me to go by that name; Mr. Jager has been transported - I have gone by the name of Bouverie and Knapp; I lived with a tradesman of that name - some people have called me James; I never went by the name of Briant - people have called me Sidworth, but I never gave my name as that; I went by that name when I lived in Lancaster-street - I never went by the name of Bland: my sister has gone by that name - I have not had another friend of mine transported; I was taken once for being out late, but I positively swear I never was taken on a charge of felony - I have worked at dress-making; I have been in town ten years - I was getting my living in the street when I lived in Lancaster-street; I was there four or six months - I had before that worked for my living, but when I had no work, I was obliged to go in the street: when I went to Easton-street, Austin told me to take a lodging, and he would pay for it - I went by the name of Bouverie when I lived in York-square; I used then to work when I had it to do, but I had not been there long before Austin spoke to me; when I first came to London I lived with my aunt, who was a dressmaker: I did not live with her long - Hollman, Smith, and Davis were with me when I was taken; I was not at home when the coats were brought to Harrison-street; I did not see them brought; Smith and a female he lived with lived in that house, and I believe no one else but the landlady - I know it was in July that the prisoner took the coats from the house, but I cannot say what time, only I know I was not there in June, and these coats were brought about a week before I left, but I cannot say when I left; the coats were wrapped up when I received them, and it was candle-light - Austin told me that the coat he gave me had a velvet collar, and I was to ask 30s. for that; I did not see them till they were opened at the pawnbroker's- I had never pawned any coats before.
COURT. Q. Neither of the coats had been in wear to your knowledge, in Harrison-street? A. No.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How long had you been out before they were given to you? A. Two or three hours -Austin came to me, and asked if I would go and pawn his coat for him, as he wanted some money, and Davis said,"Perhaps you will take mine at the same time;" I do not recollect when it was, but I was only there a fortnight altogether - I never lived but with three men; I sometimes took their names - Mr. Jager was a boot and shoemaker, a respectable tradesman; I believe he was transported because a parcel was taken from a cart, and found on him - I was not taken up for that.


                  JOHN 
                  ABETHEL
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Loveday, a pawnbroker, in Gray's Inn-road. Kampton pawned these two coats with me on the 7th of July; one of them is in a green silk handkerchief, and has a velvet collar - she asked30s., I think, for that, and I lent 1l. 6s., and on the other 13s. - she told me her name was 
               
                  Maria 
                  Jager
               



            , and she brought them for Thomas Williams.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen her before? A. Yes, she had pawned a coat about a week before, in the name of Copeland, I think.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIES
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Corwell, a pawnbroker, of Exmouth-street. Kampton pawned this mourning-ring with me for 8s. on the 10th of July, in the name of Ann Cook.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ANN 
                  COPE
               



            . I live at No. 14, York-street. Maria Bouverie (Kampton) lived with me three months; Austin used to call on her - I do not know Davis: I believe Austin has staid all night - Maria used to pay the rent; she told me Austin gave her the money to pay - she left the latter end of June, but I was not at home then.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you used to see a great many gentlemen there? A. No, she never had many persons there - my husband has been a gentleman's servant -Maria came to me as a young person who took in needle-work; I know one young man used to come to see her - I never knew her out late: there were two other young men used to call, but no one staid all night but Austin, and I cannot swear that he did.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you know him go away at night, or in the morning? A. I have seen him go away at night.


                  ELIZA 
                  MILLER
               



            . I live in Harrison-street, Gray's Inn-lane. Maria lodged with me a fortnight; she came on the 29th of June, and left on the 13th of July; Austin has been there to her, but not Davis; I never saw either of the prisoners bring any thing there - Maria and another woman took my apartments for themselves and their husbands; I only know the names of Austin and Copeland -I never was paid at all: Austin staid there all night.


                  MARY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live at No. 7, Easton-street. Maria lived a fortnight at my house, up to the time she was taken; Austin lived with her - she took the lodging in the name of Copeland; Austin was there five days, and used to sleep there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SPRINGATE
               



             (Police-constable E 123). I apprehended Austin on the 19th of July - he, Smith, and Davis, were all standing together at the corner of Verulam-buildings; I went up to them - they separated; I thought their manner was very suspicious, and in the course of the same night I took Austin, and on the 23rd I took Davis, in company with Hollman, Smith, and Maria; I told 
               Davis
             I took him for lurking about Gray's Inn - we went and found some duplicates at Maria's lodging; I know nothing of the duplicates of the coats and ring, but we inquired, and found them.


                  JOHN 
                  NEWTON
               



             (Police-constable E 32). I apprehended Austin on the 17th of August, in Shire-lane, near the Temple, and he was let out on bail - I took him in a common brothel; I did not say any thing to him about what had happened at the Temple, but he knew what I took him for, and asked who had told me where he was -I said I should decline telling him; I have known him two years - I knew Davis; I had seen them together very often in July, and for eighteen months before; they frequented Sion-terrace, near Judd-street.
Cross-examined. Q. Upon your oath, do not you know that Austin has not left his ship fifteen months? A. When I first knew him he lived in Cromer-street, it must be nearly two years ago - I have not the exact date, but I have known him a long time.


                  JOHN 
                  CORRAN
               



            . I am warden of the Inner Temple. I have seen the two prisoners go through at various times; I saw them together about June and July, and sometimes apart - I remember Mr. Maltby's chambers being robbed; I had seen them lately before that.


                  ISAAC 
                  SPREADBOROUGH
               



             (Police-constable D 10.) I produce a certificate of the former conviction of Davis, which I got from Mr. Clark's office - I was present at the trial, and know he is the person.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
AUSTIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
2003. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  AUSTIN
               



             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of June

, 1 watch, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Philip James 
                     Chabot
                  



               
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  MARY 
                  WHEELER
               



            . I am laundress to Mr. Chabot, of New-square, Lincoln's Inn



. On the 12th of June I left the chambers safely locked up, and in the morning when I came I missed the different articles of plate in common use - I also missed a watch, which used to 
hang over the mantel-piece in Mr. Chabot's sitting room.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Had any one the care of those chambers but you? A. No. and I left them safe on Whit-Tuesday.


                  MARIA 
                  KAMPTON
               



            . Austin brought a watch to me about the middle of June, while I was living at Mr. Cope's - it hung over the mantel-piece for three or four days; he then had it himself - when I lived in Easton-street he gave it to me to pawn, and told me to ask 1l. on it; they offered me 10s. - I went back to him at the Cheshire Cheese, and he told me to go to the corner of Wilson-street with it; they there lent 14s. on it, which I gave to him.
Cross-examined by MR LEE. Q. When did you begin to live with him? A. The beginning of June, about Whitsuntide; I did not live with him more than ten weeks altogether - he had but very few things there; he said he lodged over the water; I pawned the watch after the coats and the ring - I had no suspicion that these articles were stolen; I pawned them in different names, but they were the names he told me - I had seen Austin's brother and sisters, and they and he all appeared very respectable.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did Austin go out at the time that clerks do? A. Yes; I pawned the watch in the name of Copeland; I did not know him by the name of Austin.


                  JOHN 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have the watch, pawned by Maria, in the name of Copeland, for 14s., on the 14th of July.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you known her before? A. No, but I am certain she is the person.


                  ANN 
                  COPE
               



            . Maria lodged at my house for some time; she had no watch when she first came, but I afterwards saw a silver watch in her bed-room; Austin was in thehabit of coming there backwards and forwards - they left the latter end of June.


                  PHILIP 
                  JAMES
               



             CHABOT. My chambers are in Lincoln's Inn New-square. This watch is mine - I missed that, and a quantity of plate.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 



               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
