




215. 




MARY FITZGERALD
 and 




CHARLOTTE EVANS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
15th of November, 1 pair of trowsers, value 4s., the goods of 



Daniel John Steward; and that Fitzgerald had been before convicted of felony.






DANIEL JOHN STEWARD
. I lost a pair of trowsers, on Friday, the 15th of November, from the right-hand side of my shop in Royal Hospitalrow, Chelsea. I saw them about half-past two o'clock—these are them—(looking at them.)





MARTHA GRANT
. I am servant to the prosecutor. About four or five o'clock that afternoon, the two prisoners came and asked for a pair of shoes—I showed them a pair—Evans said they did not fit her—she wanted la larger pair, and was to have them by Saturday night—she went away, and said she would call and let us know whether she would have them—they both came back in about half-an-hour, and said we were to make the shoes, and if they did not come for them, I was to take them to No. 7, George-street, in the name of Jones—these trowsers were there when they came, and directly they went the trowsers were missing—I went to George-street, and they did not live there—in about three-quarters of an hour I saw them go by—I went and called them in, and gave them into custody.





ANN FRANKLIN
. I live in King's Arms-yard, Ebury-street, Pimlico. On the afternoon of the 15th of November the two prisoners came down the yard, about five o'clock, and sent a young lad in to call out my journeyman—he went out and did not return till about seven o'clock—I then gave him his tea. he went out, and I did not see him again till he was in custody—I went and found these trowsers under his bed—he is still in my employ—he was liberated at Queen-square Office—he had not been out all day before they came.





JAMES BRADLEY
 (police-constable B 134.) I took the prisoners and have the trowsers.

Fitzgerald's Defence. We went out;—this young woman said she would buy a pair of shoes—we went in and ordered them—we then went back to pay off some money, and the young woman said there would be no occasion if she would be sure and call—the said she would—we came out, and in half-an-hour or three-quarters of an hour we went by again, and she called us in—in an hour and a half the officer came and said the trowsers were found by two sweeps—we said we were glad of it—one of the sweeps was taken and discharged.






WILLIAM MURPHY
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of Fitzgerald's conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—she is the person.

FITZGERALD—


GUILTY
 Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

EVANS—


GUILTY
 Aged 19.—



Confined Six Months.
