



269. 




WILLIAM CONNER
 was indicted

 for bigamy.






ARTHUR KEIF
. I live at No. 49, Parker-street, Drury-lane, and am a carpenter. I have known the prisoner about seventeen or eighteen years—I was present, about twelve years ago, at the church of St. Andrew, Holborn, when the prisoner was married to Sally Cronan—I cannot ascertain the date of the month not the year—her name was Sarah Cronan.





CHARLES WALKER
. I live at No. 110, Saffron-hill, and am a basket-maker, I have known the prisoner between seventeen and eighteen years—I was present at his marriage in July last at St. Luke's, with Bridget Stack—I have seen her here to-day—I had seen the person who passed for his wife before July, and cautioned him about this—he said as the first wife had left him, he had a right to marry again—I signed my name when the prisoner was married.





ARTHUR KEIF

re-examined. I have seen nothing of the woman the prisoner married in September, 1823, for these five years.





CHARLOTTE REMINGTON
. I am the wife of Charles Remington, and live at No. 2, Norwich-court, Fetter-lane; he is writing clerk. I was present at the marriage of the prisoner, on the 18th of July, at St. Luke's church—some weeks after that I went with a request from Bridget Stack to the prisoner for money—he said she was not in distress, that she had got her wedding-ring she could part with, that she was not hungry, nor in distress, and she knew before he married her, that he was a married man.

Prisoner. I never was married but once.





MARY ANN STORIE
. I live at No. 3, Providence-place, Tash-street, Leather-lane, and am a widow. I have known the prisoner between seven and eight months—I have seen Sarah Cronan, but do not know her—I saw her last Sunday night week on Saffron-hill, and the second wife told me there was Sally behind.





ALEXANDER BRODIE
 (police-constable G 79.) I produce the two certificates from the register books—here is one from St. Andrew, Holborn—I compared the document with the entry in the register—it is a true copy—the register was shown me in the church—I produce the copy of a register of the marriage in the church of St. Luke, Middlesex, on the 18th of July.





WILLIAM KEIF
. I should know the first wife if I were to see her—I do not know whether she is dead or alive.





MARY COOPER
. I have known the prisoner about twelve years, by seeing him—I saw a woman some years ago, but I have not seen her for a length of time—she went by his name—I do not know her Christian name—some called her Mary, and some Sarah—I heard him call her Sarah—it is twelve months since I saw her—she was then coming down Holborn—I think it was longer ago than last December—I should say it is six years since I knew them living as man and wife together—they were then in a court in Long-acre—I have not seen her this year—I only came here to see what they were going to do with him—I have not seen the prisoner to my knowledge but once these two years—that was about

two months since—I have not seen the woman he lived with as his wife for the last six months.





JULIA STANTON
. I live in Goswell-street—my husband is a labouring man. I have known the prisoner about twelve years—I do not know Sarah, his wife, to be acquainted with her—I never saw her—I have seen the woman that passed for his wife—I never heard the prisoner speak to her—I have seen her in the neighbourhood where I have been brought up—I cannot mention the last place I saw her, (Mr. Conner is an acquaintance of my husband's), I cannot say how long ago it is since I saw her—it is not within six or seven months—it is a great while ago.





CHARLES WALKER

re-examined. I knew the woman that passed for his wife—she was called Sarah—I saw her last Sunday week at my house—I have not seen either Mary Cooper or Julia Stanton, in the first wife's presence, within the last twelve months—it is twelve or thirteen years since I first saw the prisoner and his wife living together, and they lived together till about last Christmas—I saw them together in September, 1823.

Prisoner's Defence. I have not been married a second time—I was married but once—there are many of that name—she said that she did not care whether I was married or not, that she would marry me.





DENNIS DALEY
. I live at No. 4, Saffron-street, Saffron-hill, and am a fur skin dresser. I have known the prisoner upwards of fourteen years—I know a woman they called Sally—he lived with her as his wife—I have seen him pretty constantly for the fourteen years, as he worked for me a great part of the time—she passed as his wife—I cannot say that he called her so—he was very sober and industrious.





GARROD CONNER
. I am the prisoner's brother. I know his last wife and the other party, and was in the same house with them a good while, and the first wife I have not seen for these two years—when this woman came from Ireland she lodged in the house, on the same floor as he did—I do not know when the first wife, Sarah, went away.





CHARLES WALKER

re-examined. Q. You say you knew the prisoner was living with Sarah Cronan up to last Chirstmas? A. Yes, I knew this other woman that he has married—at the time she was living in the same house with her own sister, who keeps the house; and the prisoner and his wife Sarah lodged there.




GUILTY
. Aged 44.—

Transported for Seven Years.

