





374. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of December
, 2 pelisses. value 18s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jonathan 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  ; and that she had before been convicted of felony
            .


                  REBECCA 
                  JONES
               



            . I am the wife of Jonathan Jones - I keep a clothes-shop. I went into the yard, and when I returned I saw the prisoner standing behind the counter, with the pelisses in her lap; I asked what she had got - she could not answer me; I opened her lap, and found them - she fell on her knees, and begged for mercy; they had been in the window.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PERRY
               



             (Police-constable G 25). I took the prisoner into custody.


                  JAMES 
                  GLIBBERY
               



             (Police-constable N 21). I produce a certificate, which states that 
               
                  Eliza 
                  White
               



             was tried and convicted on the 6th of September last, and was sentenced to three months' imprisonment in the House of Correction - I was a witness, and know the prisoner is the person.
Prisoner's Defence. I went in to cheapen a gown; I knocked a long time, and no one came - at last the prosecutrix came; I asked the price of a gown - she struck me, and said she thought I came with no good intention; she called the Policeman, and said she took these two pelisses from my lap, which she did not; she took them off the counter.
RERECCA JONES. I had not been five minutes out of the shop - she had them quite closed up in her apron.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
