




2413. 




WILLIAM SMITH
 and 



WILLIAM MATTHEWS
 were again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of October, 1 gelding, price 7l., the property of 



Richard Lewis.






WILLIAM COOK
. I am a constable of Woolwich. On Wednesday morning, the 11th of October, from information I received, about six I o'clock, I went to Plumstead Manor-way, in Kent, and saw the prisoner Smith nearly at the bottom of what they call the short Manor-way, standing alongside a brown gelding—I clapped my hand on his shoulder, and told him to consider himself my prisoner—he said he was very glad of it—I conveyed him to the cage, and have had the horse in my possession ever since—it is here now—it has been claimed by Lewis, of Woolwich.





JAMES CARLEY
. I am a shepherd. I saw the prisoner Smith on Wednesday, the 11th, coming along the top of Mr. Lewis's marsh—Edward Mears was with me—Smith had a brown gelding with him, with a halter, leading it—he came as far as the gate, which he opened, and led the horse into the Manor-way—he turned round and shut the gate after him—he walked a few yards with the horse into the Manor-way, and there stopped awhile, he then turned the horse round and opened the gate again, led the horse into the marsh, and shut the gate after him—he waited awhile, and then opened the gate again, came out, and shut it after him—he came a little way along the Manor-way, and stopped there till the officer Cook went up and took him prisoner—I think he saw me, for I was standing nearly in front of him—I think he saw me and my companion after he first came to the gate—when I first saw him come out of the gate it was about half-past six o'clock in the mornings—it was Mr. Lewis's horse—I am acquainted with the marsh, and am frequently down there, I and Lewis had asked me to look after his horse.

JURY. Q. Did he bring the same horse out the second time as the first? A. Yes—he never took the halter off.





RICHARD LEWIS
. I live in New-road, Woolwich. The constable came to me on Wednesday, the 11th of October—he had a horse with him which was mine, and had been kept in my marsh—I had not given the prisoner Smith any authority to do any thing with it—he is a stranger to me.





WILLIAM COOK

re-examined. The horse I took from the prisoner was the same as I showed to Lewis.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

MATTHEWS—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Recorder,

