



1908. 




JOHN MILES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of July, at 
St. Mary, Lambeth, Surrey, 41 forks, value 31l.; 1 tea-pot, value, 5l.; 1 waiter, value 2l.; 1 fish-slice, value 2l.; 53 spoons, value 25l.; 6 ladles, value 4l.; 1 skewer, value 20s.; 1 cruet-stand, value 3l.; 1 milk-pot, value 2l.; 1 tea-pot-stand, value 2l. 1 coffee-stand, value 15l.; 3 coats, vlaue 5l. 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 15s.; and 1 bag, value 5s.; the goods of 



Richard Baggallay, his master, in his dwelling-house.


MR. CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.





MARY JONES
. I was in Mr. Baggallay's service—he lives at Camberwell—the prisoner was in his employ—on the 4th of July, he had a dinner-party—the party was used that day for the party—on Monday, the 6th of July, I took the prisoner down one coffee-pot and a wine-cooler, which mistress had sent down to be cleaned—I laid them on the dresser, in his pantry, and told him what mistress had said—he said she might go and be d----d, he would not do it—at that time, I believe, I saw the whole of the plate on the pantry dresser—I saw both the tea-pots, and a number of forks and spoons lying on the dresser—I supposed the whole of the plate was there—there was a black coat and waistcoat of my master's, lying on the chair in the pantry—I went out of the pantry, and returned in about a quarter of an hour—the prisoner was not there—the plate, and coat, and waistcoat were also gone.





ANN BAGGALLARY
. I am the wife of Richard Baggallay. Our house is in the parish of St. Mary, Lambeth—the prisoner was our footman, and had the care of the plate—on the 4th of July, I gave him some additional plate—I gave him a coffee-por, a dozen large forks, and a dozen dessert-spoons, all silver—on the Monday morning afterwards, I was standing at my bed-room window, between eleven and twelve o'clock, and saw the prisoner going out of our premises—he had a carpet-bag on his back, and a drab coat under his arm—I believe it was his livery-coat—the bag appeared quite full—he went towards London—soon after that, I missed from the pantry the coffee-pot, about four dozen spoons, a tea-pot, and other articles, worth considerably more than 5l.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long had he been in your

service? A. Between three and four months—we had a good character with him.





JOHN ROE
. I am a police-officer. On the 21st of July, I went to Rateliffe-highway, and saw the prisoner there—I followed him to near Union-hall—I then went up to him, and said, "Miles, I am sorry for your situation"—his answer was, "It is a sad job, I have robbed a very good master"—I asked him how much he had disposed of the plate for—he said, "For 14l.; "that he had disposed of it to a Jew, but who he was he did not know.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you said that it would be better to tell the truth? A. No, I had not: he seemed to be very penitent, and went about with me three or four days to endeavour to find the person to whom he sold them.





ROBERT DAWSON
. On the 9th of July, I was in the service of Maunder and Co., pawnbrokers, Upper East Smithfield, when the prisoner pawned a great-coat, which I produce—it had new buttons on it, as it has now—he called again on the 17th of July, and pledged a black coat and waistcoat for 32s., with one of the young men in my presence—I produce it—I can swear to the prisoner.





MR. RICHARD BAGGALLAY
. I have no doubt the coat and waistcoat are mine.

Cross-examined. Q. You had a very good character with him, I believe? A. Yes; from Mr. Praed, the banker, in Fleet-street, whose sister he lived with for two years and a half.
(William Kite, of St. James's-place, Hampstead-road; and Daniel M'Intosh, wheelwright, Swan-street, Dover-road; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for life—
Recommended to mercy by the prosecutor and Jury, on account of his character and contrition.


First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

