



1501. 




WILLIAM PERKINS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of March, at 
St. Marylebone, 1 £100 bank-note, the property of 



James Davies, his master, in his dwelling-house.






JAMES DAVIES
. I am a linen-draper, and lire in Oxford-street, in the parish of St. Marylebone. I occupy the whole house—the prisoner was my shopman for five weeks—on Thursday, the 28th of March, I missed one £100 bank-note from my cash-box—I gave him into custody on the Monday fortnight afterwards—I had received, on the 19th of February, four £100 notes, and three £50 notes from the Bank of England—my cash-box was in my desk at the end of the shop—I believe I left the keys in that desk, when I was attending the counter—I missed two £100 notes on Saturday the 30th, the day after Good Friday—after searching for them, the prisoner came and searched a drawer, and said, "Here is one;" and delivered me a £100 note, No. 98, 046—No. 93, 045 was still mining—after I had traced it, he was charged with taking it, by the gentleman who was brought to the shop—I did not charge him with it myself—he denied taking any thing.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Where did he come from to you? A. From Mr. Roberts, in the Borough—I received a very good character with him—the officer has 69l. and a gold watch, valued at 45l.—I have money or money's worth back.





CHARLES WARREN COOK
. I am shopman to Benjamin Warwick, a goldsmith in Regent-street. On Saturday morning, the 30th of March, the prisoner came to the shop, between nine and ten o'clock, and wished to look at some watches—I shewed him some—he selected one, and a gold guard, and a brigade chain—they came to 43l. 183. all together—he produced a silver watch, for which we allowed, I think, 38s.—he paid me with a £100 note—I sent it out for change by Mr. Warwick's son, who is quite a youth—he was not absent more than five minutes—he is not here.

Cross-examined. Q. What is the watch really worth? A. It cost us between 26l. and 27l., and we charged him 32l.—it is an English watch, of the finest description—we guarantee it for twelve months.





CHARLES DEWING
. I am a constable of Marlborough-street Office. I went to Mr. Davies's shop on Monday, the 15th of March—the prisoner was pointed out to me, and the prosecutor said, "That is the person"—he immediately said to me, "They accuse me of stealing this £100 note"—I said, "Yes, they do; but it remains to be proved whether you are innocent or guilty"—he said, "Come up stairs, and search my trunks with me, Will you?"—I followed him—he unlocked one trunk, I began to make search—the prisoner sat by me, and when I had nearly searched the first

trunk, I took hold of a pair of stookings, doubled up, and found them heavy—the prisoner said, "Oh, there is the watch!"—he burst into tears, and said, "I have committed the act, and it is no use denying it;"—I asked if he had any other trunk—he said, "Yes, that old trunk is mine; in it you will find an old pair of trowsers, and in them you will find the notes, tied up, which I received in change"—I felt the notes in the waistband of the trowsers, and asked how much there was—he said he did not know—I unripped the trowsers, and took out of the waistband two £10 notes, and seven £5 notes—I asked if he had any more—he said, "No, I have not, but I have some gold;"—he produced his purse from his pocket, and there were fourteen sovereigns and a half-sovereign—but he said, "This half-sovereign is not part of the money, it belongs to the shop; I took it in change this morning."

Cross-examined. Q. He told you where to find the notes?A. Yes—I have got 69l. besides the watch and chain.





THOMAS PHILLIPS
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I produce 100l. note, No. 93,045, which was paid into the Bank on the 9th of April, for the Customs.
(Richard Richardson, of Haverfordwest; Rev. George Herries, of St. David's; and the Rev. James Williams, of St. David's, gave the prisoner an excellent character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury and Prosecutor.



Transported for Ten Yean.
