





98. 
               
                  
                     CORNELIUS 
                     CAIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Stofford
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JAMES STOFFORD. I am a floor-cloth manufacturer
, and live in Skinner-street. On the 16th of November, between six and seven o'clock, I was on the lower part of Holborn-hill


, going home, and had a silk handkerchief in my pocket, which I used in Skinner-street, and put into my pocket safe - I felt something at my pocket just before I got to the church, opposite Shoe-lane; I turned a little on one side, and saw the prisoner pass me, folding up my handkerchief in hiss hand - there were two companions behind him; I let him pass a little, and observed his motions - one of the other two seemed to lift up the flap of my coat, where I had a pocket-book; seeing me observe them, they went up Union-court - I perceived the prisoner pushing the handkerchief under his coat, behind his back; I went up to him and told him he had taken my handkerchief - he said he had not, and that he had no handkerchief but his own; he pulled and old cotton one from his breeches pocket - I laid hold of him; he said "You are quite welcome to search me, you will find nothing on me;" I said I knew where the handkerchief was, and pulled it from under his coat - he had been all that time trying to shift it from under his coat; I gave him in charge - I should know the other two; I saw them about half an hour after.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  OATMULL
               



            . I was on Holborn-hill, and received the prisoner in charge - the prosecutor took the handkerchief from him before I came up.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking up Holborn-hill; a strange boy passed me, forced the handkerchief in here and ran off up Union-court - I stood talking to them, and a gentleman took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
