



718. 




ELLEN M'GRATH
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering a counterfeit shilling to 



Mary Ann Vandersteen, on the 
12th of February, well knowing it to be counterfeit, having been previously convicted as an utterer of base coin.


HON. MR. SCARLETT
and
MR. CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor of her Majesty's Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Ellen M'Grath, in July, 1834, at the Middlesex Sessions, for uttering counterfeit coin—I have examined it with the original record in the office of the clerk of the peace, and it is correct—(read.)





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint. I was present at the prisoner's trial, in 1834, at Clerkenwell Sessions, when she was convicted of uttering counterfeit money—the prisoner is the person.





JOHN JONES
. I keep the Duke's Head public-house, in Norton-falgate. On the 2nd of February, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to my house and asked for half a quartern of gin—I served her—it came to twopence—she gave me a bad shilling—I did not immediately discover it to be bad, but, having no change, I took it to my wife—she bit it, and said it was bad—I then looked, and saw it was bad—I took it hack to the prisoner, and told her it was a bad shilling—she was very saucy—I did not return it to her, but kept it in my hand—Bevis, the beadle, was

in the house, and I told him to keep her till I went for an officer—I fetched one, and gave her into custody—I kept the shilling in my hand till she was searched—there were two good sixpences and threepence in copper found on her—I gave the shilling to Bateman, the officer.

Prisoner. It was another woman gave him the shilling—his wife cane and threw it on the counter, and the other woman snatched it up. Witness. It was not so—there was another woman there, but the prisoner gave me the shilling.

Prisoner. It was handed round to four or five persons. Witness. It was not—I am sure it never went from my hand—I marked it with a cross.





JOHN BATEMAN
. I was called on by Mr. Jones to take the prisoner into custody—I searched her, and found two sixpences and 5 1/2 d. in copper—the sixpences were good, but one appeared to be gilt—I took her to the station-house—I kept the gill sixpence till after she was discharged, and then I returned it to her—Mr. Jones gave me a shilling—I have not got it here—I kept it till I was called a second time to Worship-street, and then accidentally lost it—the prisoner was discharged at Worship-street on that occasion—I showed the shilling to Mr. Field and Mr. Powell at the office.

MR. FIELD
re-examined. Bateman showed me a shilling at Worship-street, when the prisoner was examined on the 6th of February—I examined it, and it was a counterfeit one—I have for many years been accustomed to inspect counterfeit coin.





MARY ANN VANDERSTEEN
. I am the wife of Charles Vandersteen—he keeps the Fryingpan public-house, in Brick-lane. On the 12th of Febnury the prisoner came to our house and asked for 2d. worth of gin, which I gave her—she gave me a shilling—I had nobody there—I examined it, and it was bad—I said to her, "It is a bad shilling"—she then gave me two penny pieces, which she had in her hand—I called a man out of the back room, and asked him to look at the shilling—he did so, and returned it to me—it was not out of my sight a moment—he gave it to me again instantly—I sent for a constable—being alone I did not immediately give her in charge, and she went out—I never parted with the shilling till I gave it to the constable—she was brought back to my house by sergeant Power—he said, "Have you had a bad shilling offered to you?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Is this the woman?"—I said, "Yes, and she ought to be given in charge"—he detained her, and I gave him the shilling.

Prisoner. You took some more money off a shelf, and mixed them together in your band, and your son had it in his hand—he handed it to another young man, and it fell on the floor—another young man took it up and gave it back to you—you sent for a policeman, but did not give me in charge—another policeman followed me outside the door, and gave me in charge—I did give you a bad shilling—I do not deny it, but which of the two I gave you cannot swear to. Witness. I gave the shilling she gave me to the policeman—I had some bad money on my shelf—I took it down and showed it, and said, "Is this bearable, to have so much bad money?" but I kept it in the other hand—the shilling was never out of my sight from the time I received it from her, till I gave it to the police-man—a man looked at it, but it was not out of my sight—I am positive I gave the policeman the same shilling I received from her.





DENNIS POWER
. I am a policeman. I was on duty in Brick-lane on

Monday, the 12th of February—the prisoner was pointed out to me by a police-constable, near the Fryingpan public-house—I took her into custody, and took her to Mrs. Vandersteen's house, from whom I received a shilling, which I now produce—it is the same I received from her—the prisoner was kept in custody.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you mix that with another bad shilling which Mrs. Vandersteen gave you, and did not you pull it out at Worship-street among a parcel of other money? A. No, I did not mix it with any others—I folded it up in paper directly I got it, and put it into my pocket—Mr. Vandersteen gave me-another bad shilling besides, and said he had every reason to believe she passed that one—he gave me that on the following day.

MR. FIELD. I have examined this shilling—it is counterfeit in all respects.

Prisoner's Defence. It is hot the shilling I gave Mrs. Vandersteen—I am innocent of the charge.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Baron Bolland.

