







633. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BRAGG
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GRAY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of January

, 2 trusses of clover hay, value 6s.; 1 truss of hay, value 3s., and 1 sack, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Walker
                        



                     
                  , their master
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DAY
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Walker
               



            , a farmer
 at Enfield-highway



; his premises join the garden of the White Lion. In consequence of suspicion I was placed in a summer-house in that garden, which is nine or ten yards from a gap in the fence, between the garden and the lane, on the 23rd of January; in about half an hour I saw Gray and Bragg go by with a truss of clover on each of their backs - they put them through a gap in the fence; I then went out of the summer-house into the garden of the White Lion - Roberts is ostler there; I had before that written "
               
                  William 
                  Walker
               



            " on some small pieces of paper, and put one into each of forty-one trusses of clover hay; I concealed myself in the garden, and in a few minutes I saw Roberts come and put his hands on each of the two trusses of hay; he then went and took a third truss from a third man who came up to the gap - I afterwards examined the trusses, and one of the papers which I had written was found in one of them - I have not the slightest doubt that they were all my master's; they were all of one sort.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. What time was this? A. Between six and seven o'clock in the evening - it was not foggy; I was within two yards of them when they passed me with it on their backs - they were both in smock-frocks; I did not say that I only believed Bragg to be one of the men - I said I believed Webb was the third man who brought the other truss; he was taken up, but was discharged - he had a smock frock on; the barn was about two hundred yards from the gap in the fence; I do not know that any of my master's horses were ill - they were not allowed clover.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where were you when the third man brought the truss? A. In a trench in the garden - I had worked with Bragg and Gray for about a month.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRIGGS
               



            . I keep the White Lion at Enfield-highway; Roberts was my ostler. I have nothing to do with finding the hay, corn, and straw for the horses; Roberts did that.
Cross-examined. Q. How long had he lived with you? A. About a month.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am a farmer, and live at Enfield-highway. Roberts had been in my service, and the other two prisoner were so at that time: I directed the tickets to be put into the trusses - I saw one ticket found in one of the trusses which were brought in from the garden of the White Lion; the hay was all of one growth, and cut out of one stack - the prisoners had no authority to part with it in any way; they only drove my teams.
Cross-examined. Q. Who usually gave out the hay? 
               A. William Robinson - Roberts
             had been two or three years in my service; Bragg and Gray only a few months.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am in Mr. Walker's service. -I used to give out the hay to Gray and Bragg - I did so on this night: they had nothing to do with the trusses in the barn - I saw Gray go across the yard with a truss of hay on his back; I said to him, "Come, that won't do, Jem;" he said, "Never mind that, old one;" he went towards the stable, but I did not see what became of him.
Cross-examined. Q. Was not that used to feed the horses? A. I do not know - I did not go to him or stop him.


                  GEORGE 
                  ABBOTT
               



            . I am the constable. I took the prisoners - I examined one truss, and found this ticket with"
               
                  William 
                  Walker
               



            " on it in it.
Bragg's Defence. After I had done my horses I went home - the officer came, and took me; there was a man in the stable with me, and he knows I did not leave the stable.
BRAGG - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
GRAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ROBERTS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
