



351. 




JOHN KENT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of November, 4 bushels of oats, value 14s., and 1 sack, value 2s.; the goods of 



William West.






ELEA NOVELL
. I keep a tobacconist's shop, near the Nightingale public-house, in Hornsey-road—I had some sacks of oats in my cart on

the 30th of November, about half-past five o'clock in the afternoon, I was coming up St. John-street-road—I turned my head, and found the prisoner and another man had taken a sack off the cart—they were William West's oats and sack—I stopped the horse and went after them—they let go the sack, and ran away—they were taking it away—I am sure the prisoner is the man—he ran down Brunswick-street, where there is no turning, and was taken—the sack contained four bushels of oats.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Who is Mr. West? A. He lives next to the Horse and Groom public-house, Upper Holloway—I fetched the oats from the wharf for him—they had been bought for him—the prisoner was about a yard from the back of the cart—I saw no one take it from the cart—it was pretty dark, and rather foggy—there were three gaslamps near where the prisoner ran—he turned and looked at me about twenty yards from the cart—I think I have seen him before—I saw the other man's face, but I should not know him again—I charged no one else with this—a crowd gathered when I hallooed "Stop thief"—I know it was oats as I saw them put into the sack—the other man ran away, but he ran straight forward.





THOMAS PHILLIPS
. I was in John-street, and heard Novell call out "Stop him"—the prisoner was the only one running—I went after him—he went down Brunswick-street and pulled off his frock, and came back—I am sure he is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you the advantage of three gas lamps? A. Yes—it was a fine clear night—I caught him, and gave him into custody—I did not ask whether he was the man.





FREDERICK CHAPEL
 (police-constable G 221.) I took the prisoner, and found a round frock under his arm—he said, "It is not me"—I said, "What made you run away?"—he said, "Because you should not think it was me."

JURY
to
ELEA NOVELL. Q. Did you see the prisoner have hold of the sack? A. Yes, he was then about two yards from the cart—I stopped the horses, and then they put it down and went off—when they got to the gas-light, they turned and looked at me—the sacks were standing up in the cart—the tail-board was not half-way up the sacks—the side of the cart is higher than the tail-board—the tail-board was upright—it is not likely the sack would fall out—the one taken was the one nearest the tail-board—I lost sight of the prisoner—when I first saw him he had a smock-frock on—when I saw him again he had not got it on.

COURT. Q. What sort of a cart was it? A. A dung-cart. It was impossible for the sacks to have tumbled out—the tail-board would have kept them in, as it was quite safe—the sacks were about four inches from it—they were upright, and rather inclined to lean forwards—I was going towards Holloway—there was wet on the ground—I took up the sack—there was no appearance of its having been dirty, other than the side where it was thrown down.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Would there have been any difficulty of reaching one out? A. No—I will swear there was no dirt, except on one side, or I should have felt it—I did not observe it particularly—I will not swear that the other side was not as dirty as the one on which it had fallen, nor that the upper side was not dirty, but if it was I should have seen it.




GUILTY
.* Aged 28.—-


Transported for Seven Years.
