



499. 




ANN M'INTYRE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
21st of January, 1 watch, value 1l. 5s.; 1 watch-chain, value 6d.; 4 seals, value 1l. 4s.; 3 watch-keys, value 1s. 6d.; and 1 split-ring, value 3s.; the goods 



Samuel Hudson, from his person.






SAMUEL HUDSON
. I am a baker, and live in Little Earl-street, Seven Dials. On the 21st of January, at a quarter before one o'clock, I had been to a small party, and was sober—I was coming out of St. Andrew-street—I felt myself unwell, and leaned against a post—the prisoner came and put her arms round my waist, and wanted me to go home with her—I never opened my mouth to her—the policeman came up and asked what she wanted with me—she said I was her brother—I went home, only just over the way—I went up stairs, took of my jacket, and missed my watch—I went down again, and by that time the same policeman had returned round his heat—I told him of it, and he apprehended the prisoner the next evening—I had no conversation whatever with her—this is the watch, seals, chain, and key—the ribbon does not belong to me.

Prisoner. Q. You know me? A. I have known you some years, by your coming to my shop—I did not say, "I shall fall down"—I never opened my lips to you at all—I know nothing of her, further than her coming to my shop to buy bread.





ARTHER JAMES JONES
. The prisoner pledged the watch and seals with me, at Mr. Samuel Warman's, the same morning, the 21st.





JAMES HALL
 (police-constable F 101.) I was going round my beat, and saw the prosecutor leaning on a post, apparently unwell—the prisoner had

her arms round his waist—I said, "let the man alone"—she said "He is my brother"—another officer came up and said, "Goon, Mrs. M'Intyre"—she went away—I went round my beat—I came back and I saw the prosecutor at his door, in his shirt-sleeves—he told me to this—I took the prisoner the next evening—in searching her, I found this cahin in her pocket.





SAMUEL HUDSON
. This was to my watch when I lost it.





THOMAS WAKERLY

police constable F 138) I saw the prosecutor leaning on the post—the prisoner was near him—I sent her home—she was taken the following evening, and dropped a number of papers among which was the duplicate of this watch.

Prisone's Defence. I went home immediately to policeman desired me—I could not get in the woman was gone to bed—I turned down to go it was that watch—next morning in the mud—I stopped and picked it up—it was that watch—next morning I went up Earl-street, and saw the prosecutor—he called me in, and said he wanted me—I said, "For what?"—he said, "For a watch"—it is to likely I should have gone there if I had stolen it—I picked it up—one fo the case was dented in, as if it had been trodden upon.




GUILTY
 Aged 48—


Transported for Life.
