






414. 
               
                  HARRIET 
                  SMITH
               




             and 
               
                  
                     HARRIET 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of December
, 1 watch, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Colling
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM COLLING. On the 11th of December I met Taylor in the street. and went with her to a house in Ship-yard, Pickett-street


, between four and five o'clock in the morning; Smith came into the room shortly after I went to bed with Taylor; I confess I was not very sober, but I know we were in bed together, and then Smith came in and took my watch out of the fob of my trousers, which were laying on the floor; there was no candle in the room, but there was a strong gas-light opposite - I cannot say that I saw her take the watch, but I suspected her, and endeavoured to search her; she resisted, and got out of the room - Taylor prevented my following her- I saw my watch again in about an hour in the officer's hands; Taylor held the door while I was going after Smith - I was undressed; I am certain of Smith's person - I am not aware that I had any money, but I told Turner I would make all right in the evening; Smith was not then in the room; I did not give her the watch.

Smith. He went home with me and Taylor, and said he had no money and nothing but his watch, which he gave into my hands for 5s. each - I went to see if I could get a light, and could not get one; he wanted some liquor; I left him and Taylor in bed, and went to try to get some. Witness. It is totally false; I did not send for liquor.
Taylor. He said he would leave his watch for 10s. with us; he was quite agreeable to have some liquor sent for, and Smith went for it - he was so tipsy he fell down on the stairs. Witness. I was not aware of it.


                  JOHN 
                  STEPHENS
               



            . I saw Smith in the Strand; she was running along at some distance from Ship-yard - I laid hold of her and said I must search her; I took her into a shop and she said, "I know what you want, you want the watch;" the prosecutor had come to me undressed, and stated what he had lost; I put my hand into Smith's bosom, but could not find the watch - she then gave it me; she said it had been left in pawn, but did not say she was going for drink; the prosecutor gave a distinct account.
THOMAS THORPE. At a quarter-past five o'clock, the prosecutor said Taylor was active in the robbery; I went up stairs, found the door locked, and the things on the stairs - I demanded admission; there was no answer - I waited three minutes, and then broke open the door; I found Taylor there with her clothes on - she denied all knowledge of the watch, and said nothing about its being left in pawn; the prosecutor was not so very tipsy - he gave a pretty fair account of the thing; he said if the watch was given up he would not hurt her.
Smith put in a written Defence, stating that the prosecutor had given her the watch to raise money upon to procure liquor.
Taylor's Defence. He took part of his clothes off in the room, and he ran down stairs undressed as he was - he said he was married, and wanted to get home; he said he would settle with me next day - he has said he has sent three females out of the country, and he will try how many more he can send.
WILLIAM COLLING. I do not remember saying so; I have not done so, and do not remember asserting any thing of the kind - I have not sent any woman out of the country.
JURY. Q.Are you aware of having no money in your pocket? A. I believe I had not; it was arranged between Taylor and myself - I had not known her before.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
