





947. 
               
                  WALTER 
                  ANDREWS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Westrup
                     




                  , from his person, and that he had before been convicted of felony
            .
EDWARD WESTRUP. I live at Stratford, in Essex. On the 30th of May, in the afternoon, I was in Smithfield-market


 about four o'clock - I felt something at my pocket - I turned round instantly, and saw the prisoner close behind me - I saw my handkerchief fall from his hand - nobody was so near to me as he was - I picked up the handkerchief, and gave the prisoner into custody - that is the handkerchief; I delivered it to the officer - this is the handkerchief I lost - there was another lad very near him.
Prisoner. Q. What mark is on it which you can swear to? A. A W. - I marked it since it was picked up, but I knew it - I had used it a short time, and knew the pattern and colour - I have others the same - I have not the least doubt of it - I knew it when I gave him into custody - I swear I saw the prisoner drop it - I took hold of him instantly.
Prisoner. He said, "You have picked my pocket, you young scoundrel," and the policeman told him to mark it that he might know it. Witness. I am sure I saw him drop it - I saw it in motion - I did not see it in his hand - part of it might be on the ground - it fell between him and me - I should think it impossible to fall from any body else.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you try to get hold of the other, and say, "You young scoundrel, if I had you I would make you pay for all?" Witness. I did not say so - I think it impossible any body could drop it but him - there was no one directly behind but him - it was dropped right behind me - there was a lad within about a couple of yards ofthe prisoner - it was dropped in front of the prisoner, and there was nobody in front of him - I think it is impossible any body could have dropped it but him - he was as close behind me as possible - I saw the handkerchief going in a direction from him to the ground - no one else could drop it, I am certain - I am certain it came from his hand - I saw it in motion before it was on the ground, between him and me - nobody else was near enough to drop it - I am certain it came from the prisoner's hand.
Prisoner. Q. Was any body by you and me when you accused me? - were not people stopping for a horse and cart to go along? - I was walking along. A. He was standing still.


                  CHARLES 
                  JOEL KENT
               



            . I produce the handkerchief, which I received from the witness - I saw nothing of the transaction.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MACLENNAN
               



            . I am a serjeant of the City police, No. 4. I produce a certificate, which I obtained from Mr. Clark's office - I was present at the prisoner's trial in September last - he was convicted, and sentenced to six months in the House of Correction. (Read.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never took the handkerchief - I own I was here before - there was plenty of people round the gentleman besides me - he accuses me wrong.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
