





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
1662. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BRANDT
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for a misdemeanor
            .


                     JOHN 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
            . I am a mariner
. I came home on the 20th of November - 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Ross
               



            , of Pennington-street, owed me money for wages; I went for it on the 20th of February, and he offered me 20l. - the prisoner came to my lodging at No. 27, Brook-street, Ratcliff


, about that time; I did not know him before - a woman, who lived in the house, was telling him how I was served by Ross, and the prisoner sent for me up to his room, which was on the second floor - he said he would take it in hand to get the money for me, if I would give him the money to pay the law-fees; I thanked him, and told him I would well reward him for it; we went the next day to what he called the Crown Court - I do not know where he it is; it was nearer to St. Paul's than to Whitechapel - I there gave him three half-crowns and 2s. 6d. to pay the law charges; I saw him again the same night, and a good while after; he said he was going on, and would soon bring Mr. Ross too and make him pay the money; I went with him to a place where there were a great many people, and gentlemen with whigs on, but I always waited outside - he always desired me to keep outside while he went in; he was to recover 26l. for me - he said he was an Excise-officer; I never saw him again for a long time after I gave him 2s. to buy a stamp: I have not seen Ross since - the prisoner showed me a Bank-warrant, and said he had 500l. in the Bank - he went into the Commercial-road to buy the stamp, and told me he would bring me the money next day, but I saw no more of him.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not lodge in the same house as you? A. Yes; we both lodged at the house in Brook-street - I never lent you any money, and never said you had paid me 1l. 4s. 6d. of the money I lent you; I never sent a note to you in Newgate - I cannot write.


                  BOYD 
                  SILVESTER
               



            . I am an officer of Thames-police. The prosecutor made a complaint at our office against Ross, for detaining his money and clothes, and complained of the prisoner about the beginning of June: I was sent with the prosecutor to see where he gave the prisoner the money; what he calls the Crown-office, where he paid 10s. is the Excise-office, which is in the City.


                  JANE 
                  EVANS
               



            . I live in Joseph-street, St. George's East: Thomas lost a good deal of money which he had left with a publican; I heard the prisoner say he was an Excise-officer, and would forfeit 500l. if he did not get him the money from Ross: that was three or four months ago; he said he could not get it without going to different lawyers in the City, and every time he went he wanted money from Thomas - I saw Thomas give him some money in my room; I then kept the house in Brook-street.
Prisoner's Defence (written) I was an English prisoner in France, and belonged to the ship Prosenjine - I took a lodging in the same house as the prosecutor; I paid some money to him off the debt I owed him - when the officer took me to the Thames Police-office, he stated that he heard the prosecutor say I had paid him part of the money back; when the clerks heard this, they discharged the Policeman, and gave me into the charge of a Thames Police-officer.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I showed Silvester where I paid him the 10s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
