



802. 




GEORGE TEHEW
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
6th of February, 1 pig, value 9s., the goods of 



John Evans, the younger.






JOHN EVANS, JUN
. I live at the Brunswick Arms, Well-street, Hackney. On the 6th of February I had a sow and a small pig in a field behind my father's house—I saw them safe on the 6th of February, about twelve o'clock, and when I returned home at seven o'clock I missed the sow—I saw her again on the Tuesday after.





GEORGE FIELD
. I am a pawnbroker. I keep pigs, and fatten them

for my own family—the prisoner's wife applied to me on the Saturday, and I bought the pig, which was owned by the prosecutor, and I gave it to him—I gave 7s. for it—I had never spoken to the prisoner—I had never seen him before—I knew his wife—he lives in my neighbourhood—I bought the pig at her house, which is about a mile from the prosecutor's.





DANIEL BAILEY
. I live with my father and mother, in Well-street, Hackney—the prisoner asked me and some more boys to drive the pig into the pig-sty at Mr. Evans's, on that Friday—he then put it into a sack, and put it into a cart, and a boy with it on the top, and he held it on, because he should not fall off—the prisoner had then been removing dust and cinders.

cross-examined. Q. Are any of the other boys here? A. No; he took one boy with him to take care of the pig—it was between twelve and one o'clock—it was by the side of Mr. Rogers's dust-heap—Mr. Rogen was not there at the time—I had not seen him with the prisoner that day, that I recollect—I have not been talking to Rogers since about this—I do not know the name of the boy that went away with the pig with the prisoner—I do not know that I had seen the boy before.





WILLIAM GILLETT
 (police-sergeant N 19.) On Tuesday, the 10th of February, I received information from Evans. I went with him in his cart, and saw the prisoner riding towards Shacklewell—I told him I took him about stealing a pig—he said he had bought it of a man by the dust heap for 3s. 6d., but he did not know his name.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it the same day that Evans spoke to you? A. Yes.





JOSEPH MARSHALL
 (police-constable N 250.) I produce the pig which I got from Mr. Field.

Prisoner's Defence. Rogers followed me home the same night—he and I were drinking in Kingsland-road, just through the turnpike, and he asked me to take a load for him on the Saturday, which would outset the money—I had had the pig of him.





THOMAS BARKER
. I am a bricklayer's labourer, and live in Providence-square. I was working at Mr. Gouldam's beer-shop—I saw Rogers and the prisoner there—the prisoner said he had bought a pig for 3s. 6d. of Rogers—and Rogers said to him, "Come, and take a load for me to-morrow, and then I think I can send you to some other jobs"—that was to set off the pig—I bad not seen the prisoner before.





SAMUEL ROGERS
. I am a dustman. I know Mr. Evans' premises—my dust-heap is there—I know the prisoner was there—he came for a load of dust—I said he could have it—I know the pig was taken, but I was not there—when I came back, the dust was gone, and the pig—I did not know but that he had paid Mr. Evans for it—I went to the public-house afterwards to tell him to draw me a load of breeze; and when he came on the Saturday to do it, he said, "Rogers, I have done wrong; I took one of these pigs, and thought it was yours."




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
