





OLD COURT. FRIDAY, JANUARY 6.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
363. 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     SIGNALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December
, 1 clock, value 5l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Abraham 
                           Ling
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ABRAHAM 
                  LING
               



            . I keep a public-house
 in Oxford-street, Whitechapel


. On the 18th of December, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, two persons came in at the side door - they went out at the side door, and about a quarter to seven this clock was missed from over the tap-room fire place, where it had been fixed; I cannot identify the prisoner - the clock cost eight guineas fifteen years ago.


                  MARTHA 
                  PORTER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Ling. I saw the prisoner come into the house with a young man - they went into the tap-room; I served them with a pint of beer, and saw the clock safe then - I saw one go out first, and in about three minutes the other followed; they must have taken the clock out at the window, which was open; I saw the prisoner at Lambeth-street next morning, and am certain of him - he is the one who paid for the beer.


                  ANDREW 
                  CURRIE
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 19th of December, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner in the Commercial-road, carrying a sack- I asked what he hod got; he said a clock; I asked where he brought it from - he said from No. 17, Lambeth-street, and was going to take it to Lower Bernard-street, to a clock-maker; I followed him into a clock-maker's in Lower Bernard-street - he ordered two keys to be fitted to it in an hour's time; I came out with him, met a milkman, and heard a clock had been taken from Ling's - the prisoner had left me then; I went and told the clock-maker not to part with it, then went to No. 17, Lambeth-street, and found he had given me a wrong direction - I afterwards apprehended him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A respectable man came to me in Goodman's-stile, and asked if I would earn 6d.; he took me to Lambeth-street, said he was going into No. 17, and told me to wait - he returned to me with the clock to get two keys fitted.




               GUILTY of stealing, to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
