





265. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  RANDALL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 24th of November
, 6 spoons, value 3l. 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Bezzett 
                  Doveton
               




            .


                  JEMIMA 
                  BENTLEY
               



            . I am in the service of Bezzett Doveton, Esq.
, of Dorset-place


. On the 24th of November I was coming from the drawing-room; I stopped in a little room, where the lady's maid and the nursery-maid sat at work - I heard a noise down stairs; I ran down, and at the butler's pantry, where the plate is kept, I saw the prisoner, who was a stranger; I asked what business he had there - I callede him a thief, and said, "You are after the plate;" he said, "I am not after the plate - I came to see whether the chimneys want sweeping or dusting;" I said, "Why did not you knock at the door?" he said he got his bread in an honester way than thieving - he took off his jacket, and shook it; I was simple enough to let him go - when he was gone I counted the plate, and missed all these soons - I ran up the steps, and saw him turn into Park-street; I went and got the officer to follow him - he brought him back, but the spoons are lost; I am certain he is the man - the spoons were all safe when he came to our house.


                  SUSAN 
                  BLADWIN
               



            . I am nursery-maid at the house - I saw the prisoner take off his jacket, and shake it; we then counted the plate, and the spoons were missing.


                  RICHARD 
                  AMEY
               



            . I am a Police-officer. Our serjeant gave me a description of the prisoner, and I took him; he said he was not the man, and asked me to let him call his brother - he called his brother, who was not at all like him, and the prisoner got away.


                  THOMAS 
                  ARNOLD
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I took the prisoner on Saturday morning at his brother's house, in William-street; when I inquired for him a woman said he was not there, but I searched the house, and found him there asleep - he denied all knowledge of the plate.


                  CHARLES 
                  LAUGHTON
               



            . I went with Arnold, and took the prisoner at his brother's; what he has stated is correct.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 24th of November I was loading same soot away, and was in doors from half-past two o'clock till half-past four; I then went home, and was at home all night - I went out next morning as usual; I was not out of the way.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
