





Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
1887. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MOFFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of January
, 2 horses, value 20l., and 1 mare, value 10l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Elson
                  




               
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM ELSON. I live at Broomshot, near Liphook, Hampshire


. On Friday, the 14th of January, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I put three small horses and a mare into my stable, and left them safe at seven in the evening - I went again at five o'clock in the morning, and found only one in the stable; I missed a light brown mare, a dark pony, and a black one - the stable door was broken open; I traced them from the dunghill up the road - there was also the traces of men's feet, one being larger than the other; when I got into the road I could see where they had drawn a cart out of the side of the road by the green sward - they had turned towards London, which would be through Godalming and Guildford; I traced them ten miles - I went to Union-hall on the Tuesday morning following, and saw Pople and Curtis, the officers, with my three ponies, and swore they were mine; I found a man in custody there, who I appeared against - the mare's fore feet had been trimmed, all the hair was cut off; I am sure she was my mare - I had bred her myself.


                  CHARLES 
                  MANDERVILLE
               



            . I am a watchman in the neighbourhood of Guildford, which is the high road to London, from Liphook. On the 15th of January, 1831, about a quarter to four o'clock in the morning, I saw four horses, one of them in a cart, drawing it - they were in the High-street, Guildford; three men were with them - the prisoner was one; I recollect him well - the church clock projects over the hill; I had a good opportunity of seeing his face - he was right under the gas-lamp, looking up at the clock; hewas doing nothing to the horses, but walking up the hill by the side of them - he said, "Good morning" to me, and asked what it was a clock, but whether he spoke to me I do not know; he looked up himself, and said it was a quarter to four - I saw his face then; there was a gaslamp close to him - the horses stopped at the corner of Chertsey-street, and then the prisoner got up into the cart; the grey mare was tied alongside the cart - one horse was in the cart; one man was riding a third, and leading a fourth- I do not know who that man was; I looked at the horses - I saw the three horses in March, that year, in the prosecutor's possession, and am certain of them; I saw no more of the prisoner after he got into the cart - I did not know the prosecutor before, but as he was coming home through Guildford, with the horses; I stopped him, and told him they were the three horses I had seen in January.
Prisoner. Q. Had you seen me before? A. No, nor since; I am positive you are the man - you spoke to me in the town; Chertsey-street is the direct road to Uxbridge.


                  JAMES 
                  WILKINS
               



            . I was watching with Manderville in the High-street, Guildford, on the 15th of January, 1831, about a quarter to four o'clock, and saw the horses and cart; I am certain the prisoner was one of the men with them - I had a good opportunity of seeing his face, and have not a doubt of him; I never saw him before nor since till now.


                  THOMAS 
                  KITCHEN
               



            . I keep the Industry, public-house, at Hayes, Middlesex, about three miles and a half from Uxbridge; I know the prisoner perfectly well. On Saturday morning, the 15th of January, 1831, between nine and ten o'clock, I met him about half-way between Arlington and our house, with a cart, and three ponies; one horse was drawing the cart, one tied by the side of the cart, and one black pony behind it - the other; they were little ponies - the ther lighter than the other; they were little ponies - the prisoner at that time lived on Hayes-common, about two hundred yards from my house; he was coming in a direction from the Bath-road, towards our house - I spoke to him, and went on; I returned about two or three o'clock in the afternoon, and when my boy put my horse into the stable, he said, "There is a pony, father" - I went into the stable, and saw the black pony which I had seen the prisoner with; next morning when I got up, it was still there -Charles Haynes lodged there, and was there; I saw the prisoner reading the newspaper in my bar, about ten o'clock that morning, or between ten and eleven, and shortly after Pople came, and Haynes was apprehended - the prisoner was then gone; he went about twenty minutes before the officer came - I went to Union-hall four or five days after, and saw the black pony, and two brown ones; they were the very same as I had seen when I spoke to the prisoner.
Q. Are you sure he was gone before the officers came? A. Yes, when they came - he was in the bar when they first went by; I thought it was somebody coming to take notice of me - I was drawing beer in the bar it was Sunday); I saw the prisoner look out after them, and said to him, "I think they are informers or something" - and while I was drawing the beer the prisoner went away; I never saw him again, till he was apprehended a fortnight ago.
Prisoner. I believe I drank with you on the Sunday evening. Witness. Yes, between six and seven o'clock; the officers had then gone, and taken the horses with them.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When he came to you that Sunday night, did he owe you a score? A. Yes, it has never been paid; his wife came to me that evening, and by her desire I took his cart, my mare, and his wife over to Hillingdon, to a public-house there, and drank with him, between eight and nine o'clock, at a public-house - it was not at my own house I drank with him.


                  SARAH 
                  KITCHEN
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. and have known the prisoner some time. On the 15th of January, 1831, about eleven or twelve o'clock, I was in the tap-room, when my husband had gone out, and saw the prisoner go by out door - he nodded his head at me; he had two horses with him, one in a cart and the other by the side of it - he lived about one hundred yards from us, on Hayes-common: he nodded at me, meaning that Charles was on another horse, and had gone to the stable door - I went to the door, looked out, and saw Haynes there, on a pony - I told him nobody was at home, but he might put it into the stable if he liked; after that was done the prisoner went towards his own house, with his cart and horses- I saw the same horses when People came to the stable; that was the black one which Haynes put in, and the two the prisoner had.


                  WALTER 
                  WICKENS
               



            . In January, 1831, the prisoner was a tenant of a house of mine, on Hayes-common; he left suddenly, without notice, about the middle of the month, but I did not myself see him in January; Osborne held the key for me.


                  MARY 
                  OSBORNE
               



            . I gave the prisoner's wife the key of the house about two years ago; the officer went to the house he lived in on the 16th of January - I did not know of his going away, but did not see him afterwards; I saw him there on Sunday morning, the 15th - he had the cottage and outhouse, or stable.
ROBERT CURTIS. I am an officer. On Sunday, the 16th of January, 1831, I went with Pople to the cottage the prisoner occupied, on Hayes-common, about eleven o'clock in the morning; we passed Kitchen's house to go there - when I got there I saw a female look out at the kitchen window - I immediately went to the kitchen door, opened it, and found a light brown mare in the kitchen; I found some horse hair on the kitchen floor - the fore feet of the mare had just been trimmed; I ran into another room, and observed the female wave her hand, as if somebody was escaping; I pursued and caught a man, who has been tried; I afterwards went into the stable, and assisted Pople in taking charge of a black and a dark brown pony- they were in the stable adjoining the house: I went back again to Kitchen's, but had no conversation with any body - I took the horses to London, showed them to the prosecutor at Union-hall, and he claimed them; I have been looking for the prisoner ever since till about six weeks ago, when I found him at Gloucester, in custody.


                  RICHARD 
                  POPLE
               



            . I was with Curtis - his evidence is correct.
Prisoner's Defence. I was never at Guildford in my life; the horse I had in the cart that morning was my own property - I had had them four months, and had been to Uxbridge-market, to buy some meat; the part of the housewhere the horse was found was occupied by a man named Smith; I was not at home when the officer took them away - I was at Kitchen's, and went from there to a public-house at Hayes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
