




429. 




JOHN COLLINS
 and 



WILLIAM BOWLES
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of November, at 
St. George, 1 gelding, price 20l.; 1 cart, value 15l.; 1 set of harness, value 3l.; 15 casks, value 4s.; and 1400lbs. weight of butter, value 70l.; the goods of 



Thomson Webb.

(MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.)





THOMAS WEBB
. I am a cheesemonger, and live in Tottenham-court-road. I made a purchase of some Meck Lenburgh Keil butter, at Brewers Quay—it takes its name from the place it is shipped from, Keil—on the 11th of November I sent my lad Peacock with a cart and horse, for fifteen casks—I have since seen some of the butter at the premises of a man named Coxson—I know it by the peculiarity of the favour—it was then packed in a different cask to what it generally is.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Did not one of the Jury, on the former trial, ask you if you could swear to the butter, and you said, "No?" A. Yes.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. In what sort of a cask was it? A. It was in a Sligo keg and a Leer firkin—Mecklenburgh butter is 2d. a pound dearer than Sligo, which is much salter.





WILLIAM PEACOCK
. On the 11th of November I was in Mr. Webb's service. I was sent by him to get some butter from Brewers' Quay, with a horse and cart—it was delivered to me—there were twelve casks in the body of the cart, and three on the copse, in quarter casks—in all fifteen firkins—as I was driving away, a man came running up to me at Billingspte, and said something, in consequence of which I returned to Brewers' Quay—when I came back, I found the horse, cart, and butter gone—the person who spoke to me had on a pair of corduroy trowsers and a fustian jacket, very much torn—he was a very dirty-looking man, and was pitted with the small-pox—I had seen him at work on Brewers' Quay, which made me think it was right—the horse and cart were afterwards found at Day's livery-stables, in King David-lane, Shadwell.





MARGARET GREGORY
. On the 11th of November I was living with Mr. Stebbings, at No. 65, Cable-street. On the afternoon of that day the prisoner Collins came there along with a man, who is known by the name of Upright Charley—he said, "I understand you have got a horse and cart to let?"—Stebbings said, "The cart is out; my partner has got it out"—Collins said, "Do you know where I can get one?"—Stebbings said, "You can got one at Hall's, the green-shop, three doors down"—Collins and Upright Charley then went away—they returned in two or three minutes, and said they could not set one these, it was out—Stebbings

said. "My partner's van is in the stable, if that will do, I will lead it to you," and he went out with them—in about a quarter of an hour Stebbings returned alone—that was about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon I went to the door when Collins and Upright Charley went away, and saw the prisoner Bowles and another young man, whose clothes were all torn off him, his elbows were all out, and he was freckled with the small-pox, he had a fustian jacket and corduroy trowsers, and was very dirty, he had a low-crowned white hat with a broad brim, and was bigger them either of the prisoners—they went the same way as Stebbings, Collins, and Upright Charley—I saw them walk close up to one another, but did not see them speak—I saw them join directly after Stebbings, Collins, and Charley went away—Stebbings walked on first, and the other four were all together—they were in company—I went to the door, and saw them turn round Shorter-street, which leads into Well-close-square, which is when Stebbings's partner kept his van—I saw the four men together for about five minutes—they were all four together in a line—about half an hour after, as near as I can guess, when Stebbings was at tea, and I was in the shop I saw Potter's van and Stebbings's horse—Potter is Stebbings's partner—the van was full of tubs—Upright Charley was by the horse, and Collins was by the cart—I did not see any one else—I was going out at the time, and saw the van go up Rosemary-lane, and stop at Coxson's—I saw Upright Charley take one cask out first, and take it into Coxson's—Collins at that time was standing by the horse's head—I then saw Charley come out and take another cask out, and take it in—I then went on to where I was going—Charley said to Coxson, in Collins's hearing, "Are not you going to have the other two?"—Coxson said, "No, I will not have them, as you have brought the van up to the door, I will not have more than two, or else I would have had the four"—Collins was about a yard from Coxson at the time the conversation took place, and must have heard what was said—about two hours or more after I was at Stebbings's house, and Bowles and the ragged man came to the door—Bowles said, "Mistress, is the van come back yet?"—I did not make any answer then, as I was serving-they went and stood a little distance from the door—Bowles came again, and said, "Mistress, is the van come back?"—I said, "No"—he said, "I am not going to be done out of it in no such a way," and the ragged ran said, "I am not going to be done out of it"—they stood quarrelling with each other—the ragged one said, "I am not going to be done out of it after driving it away," and Bowles answered, he was not going to be dm out of his regulars—when I said the van was not come back, Bowles said, "I want the young man who borrowed the van, Upright Charley."

Cross-examined. Q. When did you first tell all this story? A. At the Thames police-office, three weeks ago—it was after Stebbings was tried here—I was told my evidence would not be taken before—I offered to become a witness, when Stebbings was first taken, because he was having his tea when the van went past the door—I did not think to get him off—I went to see Stebbings on the Tuesday, as he went away on the Wednesday, and after that I went to Mr. Webb—I did not go in consequence of what Stebbings said to me.

Q. Do not you expect to get Stebbings off with a slight imprisonment if you can fix it on these men? A. No—I cannot say I can get him off—I do not want to convict these men—I do not want to get Stebbings off—he is not my man—I do not expect to get him off—how can I get him off?—I do not think of doing so by giving evidence against these

men—I have never thought of it—I was only housekeeper to Stebbings—I have not been promised that endeavours should be made to get him off if I gave evidence against these men—no one has told me 1 might get some of Stebbings's punishment off if I did so—of course I should be glad to get Ms punishment remitted, but not by convicting these men—I did not tell Mr. Webb all I knew about it, only part of it—I did not tell him say thing—I only went to show him a letter—Cook the police—sergeant was the first person I told of it—I saw him going past the door, and called him in—I told him some part of it, and told the rest at the Thames police about three weeks ago—the letter I showed Mr. Webb was from Stebbings—it was a letter to me.

Q. Did the young man with Bowles appear like a working young man? A. yes—'Bowles had the same clothes on he has now—he did not say he was employed by Stebbings and the other man to help with the casks—he said he would be paid for his work—he said he would have his regulars—I have never heard wages called regulars—Margaret Gregory is my right was—I have never gone by any other—I was called Stebbings, but I never went by any other name besides—I lived with Stebbings seven years as housekeeper—he paid me regular wages—he gave me money and clothes—he gave me what he thought proper—I had no regular wages—I never had wages from him—I have never been charged with any offence—I was never in custody on a charge of any sort—I was in the watch—house one right—that is eight years ago—I was along with another young woman who kicked up a piece of work—I never was a prostitute; nor was I ever charged with being one, nor with being disorderly—I was put into the watch—house in Denmark—street, St. George's East—I was employed in polishing gun barrels at that time—I used to work for myself—I did not live with the young woman who I was taken up—with—I met her casually in the street—I had known her before—she was a servant out of place.

Q. How are you getting your living now? A. I keep the shop on—I would not, for the sake of saving Stebbings, convict these men—I could not do that—I have never said I would give evidence against them if they would allow me to go after Stebbings—I have not applied to go after him—I never asked to go out to New South Wales as his wife—I swear that.





HENRY WILLIAMS
. On the 11th of November I lived in harles—court, near Well—close—square—Potter, the owner of the van, was my master between three and four o'clock that afternoon I was waiting for master, and saw Stebbings, Collins, and another man dressed in fustian clothes—he was a tall fair man—I did not hear him called by any name—it was from three to half-past or four o'clock, when I went to my tea—just after the van had gone, I looked at the clock, and it was half—past three, or twenty minutes to four o'clock—I followed the van to go home—they harnessed the horse in great haste, and made a mistake, by putting a breeching on where the reach chain goes along—Collins jumped up into the van and laid hold of the reins—Stebbings was up the ride, still standing at the stable door—he said, "Where is the whip?"—I said, "Master has got it, but here is one of his old whips"—he said, "Let us have it?"—I gave it to him, and he handed it to Collins, who then drove off—Stebbings and the other man walked on the Pavement, round Well—close—square, in the same direction—I did not see any thing of Bowles.

Cross-examined. Q. Did Stebbings and the other man keep close up to the cart? A. They were on the pavement, and the van was going on as fast as the old mare could go—Stebbings and the other kept up to it—they

walked—the mare could not go fast, as she was old—it was about half-past three o'clock—I looked at the clock, because I wanted to go home, as master did not come—Stebbings knew the mare could not go fast.





CHARLES JONES
. I am keeper of the toll-gate in Cable-street, New-road—it is about half-a-mile from Thames-street, going down towards Lime. house—Stebbings' house is about two or three hundred yards from the gate, On the 11th of November, about six o'clock in the evening, a cart passed through my gate—there were tube in it, and three on the copse, which goes over the horse's loins—Sarles, (who was tried here,) was driving the cart-Collins was walking on the pavement, and he made a stop when he came to came to me—I noticed a mole on his cheek at the time, and have no doubt at all of him—he said something to me, I cannot say what it was, and went on I cannot say who paid the toll—the cart was going from Stebbings's down towards Sun Tavern-fields—they could not get to Stebbings's house again without coming back through my gate, unless they went round—I knew Coxson's house in Rosemary-lane.

Q. If the cart did not pass through your gate to get to Coxson's, would it pass by Stebbings's? A. No—they could get up the highway, up a street to Coxson's.

Cross-examined. Q. It was pretty well dark, was it not, when the cart went through? A. Yes—I never saw Collins before that night, to my recollection—I noticed him particularly, because they sent the cart on in a hurry, and the one who was taken paid me the toll—Collins made a stop, and said something—he then went on, and the other paid the toll.





JANE SYDIE
. I reside facing Coxson's shop. On the 11th of November, about seven or half-past seven o'clock, I observed a van draw up to his door—the tall fair man was with the van and Collins—I saw the tall fair man take a cask out of the van, and put it into Coxson's shop—I had before that, in the afternoon, between four and half-past four o'clock, saw Collins with the same man, facing my window, a little way from Coxson's shop—they stood talking a few yards from the shop—the tall man then left Collins, and went into Coxson's, where he staid about five minutes—he then came out, and they both went away together down Rosemary-lane.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen Collins before that day? A. No, but I saw him next day go past in the same street—I was alone-the tall fair man appeared to have the management of the van—he drove it, and took something into the shop, leaving Collins outside—I have seen Gregory, and have spoken to her before, but had no acquaintance with her—I am single, and live with my father.

JURY.Q. How far is your house from Coxson's? A. At that time I lived right facing Coxson's, just across the road—we can see from our window right into Coxson's shop—I was at the window of the second pair front room when I saw this.

COURT. Q. Is there any gas opposite there? A. Yes, at the corner of the street, right facing my window—not at Coxson's corner, but the other—Coxson's is a corner shop, and has a gas-light in it—I could see into his shop from the light in it.





JAMES COOK
 (police-sergeant H 7.)I took Collins into custody—he was brought to me—I had seen him on the Saturday previous, the 10th December; but before I could get hold of him, he escaped through some old houses—I had been on the look out since the robbery—when I took him he said he knew nothing about this.





WILLIAM PEACOCK
 re-examined. It was about two o'clock when I went

back to the Quay—I do not know how far that is from Stebbings's house—the cart was found in Sun-Tavern fields; and after it had been standing there a few hours, some body went to Day's, and put it up there at livery—the turnpike would be in the way to Sun-Tavern fields—I had not far to run back to the Quay—I ran as hard as I could—the man said he would look to the cart while I was gone—he had no hat on when he came up to me.

MR. JONES, On behalf of Collins, contended that the evidence, if true, went more to substantiate a case of receiving than of stealing the property.)

COLLINS—


GUILTY
 of larceny. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

BOWLES—


NOT GUILTY
.
