




2257. 




HENRY ATKINS
 and 




THOMAS SMITHERS
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
20th of September, 2 pairs of trowsers, value 1l. 1s. the goods, of 



Dennis Hickey.






EDWARD LAWRENCE
. I live in Nicholas-lane, King William-street, and am an apprentice to Mr. Dennis Hickey. On the 20th of September the two prisoners came to my master's shop about two o'clock, and Smithers wanted to be measured for a waistcoat—I said my master was not in, and they had better call at four o'clock—they came at half-past five o'clock and my master was not in—I put down the name on the board, and saw the prisoner Atkins put a pair of trowsers into his bag, and the things in the window were thrown about—no one stood near the window but Smithers and the window was in order when he came in—one pair of trowsers were thrown from one part of the window to the other—I locked the door, and called my master—I came in with the officer, and the trowsen were not found on Atkins—they were thrown on the table again—the pair they had was worth 3s., and the other pair that was moved was worth 18s.

Smithers. I asked to see some patterns—he asked me my name, and began to write it down—he said, "Stop, I will go and get the pen and ink"—he went, and called his master and the officer—he seized Atkins and said, "You d—d rascal, put the trowsers out of the bag," and he had

none—the door was a glass, and he must have seen me if I "had put any thing out of the bag. Witness. I saw Atkins take one pair of trowsers, and put them into the bag, he then came and stood by the side of Smithers—Smithers said that Mr. Hickey had made him a coat before.





DENNIS HICKEY
. I am a tailor. I had never made a coat for Smithers—I had never seen either of the prisoners before.

Atkins's Defence. The witness searched the bag, and found none in them—he gave me in charge for one pair—the next day he produced two pairs against Smithers and myself—I most solemnly declare we did not enter the shop with any dishonest intention, and we are innocent—I was never in prison before, and if I have justice I shall be acquitted.

Smithers's Defence. Lawrence's word is not to be taken, he has been out thieving himself.

ATKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

SMITHERS—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.




Transported for Seven Years.
