






2024. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     HERRIDGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of August
, one 10l. Bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Brown
                  




               
            ; against the Statute.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I keep the Three Compasses, in White Hart-yard, Drury-lane. In August, 1830, the prisoner was in my service, as pot-boy
; I sent him to my brother's, at Pimlico, with a letter for my brother to send me 10l. - I never saw him again till the 2nd of this month, when I saw him in Covent-garden watch-house: he never brought me a 10l. note.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am the prosecutor's brother, and keep the Flask tavern
, Ebury-square, Pimlico. On the 16th of August, 1830, about three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner brought a letter from my brother; I immediately wrote another, in which I enclosed a 10l. note, for my brother, and desired him to make the best of his way back - I wafered the letter; I do not know whether he saw me put the note in - it was No. 10,598.


                  GEORGE 
                  KING
               



            . In 1830 I lived in Oxford-street, at a pawnbroker's; I am now a silversmith. On the 16th of August I recollect a young man coming to my employer's and purchasing a watch - he gave me a 10l. note; I asked his name, but what name he gave I cannot say; he said he belonged to the ship Elizabeth, bound to India, which I endorsed on the note - I cannot say who it was.


                  DOWELL 
                  DANDY
               



            . I am a clerk in the Bank. I have a 10l. note, No. 10,598, paid in on the 27th of August, by Call and Co.
GEORGE KING. Call and Co. are my master's bankers- I have written on this note "Edward," but the sirname has been cut out at the Bank - here is "From the ship Elizabeth, India, 16-8-30."
Prisoner's Defence. On my way to my master's I missed the note, and was afraid to go home.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
