



327. 




WILLIAM LAMBDEN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of December, at 
Ashford, in Middlesex, a gelding, value 5l., the property of 



James Grieves and another—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the property of 



George Sherborn.






GEORGE SHERBORN
. I am a farmer, and live at Ashford, in Middlesex, On the morning of the 24th of December I missed a cream—coloured, longstailed gelding from my straw-yard there—I afterwards saw the same gelding at the stable of the Griffin Inn, at Kingston, in Surrey—Ashford is about fourteen miles from Hyde-park corner—I afterwards attended before the magistrate, and saw the horse—the magistrate's clerk, Mr. Horne, took down the evidence—but he is not here.





RICHARD HANKS
 I am a constables of Kingston, which is about eight or nine miles from Ashford. On the night of the 23rd of December, about ten minutes before twelve o'clock I met the prisoner at Kingston, leading a cream-coloured horse—I stopped him, and asked where ha was going with it—he said, "To London market"—I asked him, "What for?"—he said, "To sell it"—I asked him where he brought it from—he said at first, "From Staines"—then he told me brought it from Weyhill, in Hampshire—I told him I should detain him and the horse, as his story did not satisfy me—I should take him before the mayor and if they were satisfied, I should be—I put him into the watch-house, and looked the horse up at the Griffin Inn; and on Thursday, the 24th, Mr. Sherborn came and owned owned it—I went before the mayor that day at Sunbury, which is five miles from Kingston.





GEORGE SHERBORN

re-examined. The horse was under my care at the straw-yard—it belonged to Joseph and James Grieves—I had seen it on the 23rd—it was almost an invariable custom to see the horses four or five times a-day—I had seen it safe in the straw-yard on the night of the 23rd, and the gate was locked—next morning the gate was forced off the hinges—the end that was locked to the post was not open, only off its hinges, and there was room enough for a horse to be led through—it was not open enough when I saw it, but it had evidently been put back again towards the hinges.




GUILTY. Aged 32.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor, believing it to the his first offence.
—


Transported for life.
