



1564. 




ELIZABETH HALL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of December, 2 sheets, value 15s.; 1 blanket, value 7s.; 6 table-cloths, value 2l. 2 napkins, value 7s.; 1 apron, value 3s.; 2 shawls, value 10s. 1 night-gown, value 2s.; 2 razors and 1 case, value 2s. 6d.; 1 pair of spectacles, value 1l.; part of an ear-ring, value 3s.; 2 thimbles, value 2s.; 2 spoons, value 2s.; 1 pen-knife, value 1s.; 4 thimbles, value 2s.; 8 knives value 3s.; 1 fork, value 3d.; 1 snuffer-tray, value 6d. lantern, value 1s. 6d.; 5 metal cocks, value 10s.; 1 waiter, value 1s.; 3 umbrellas, value 12s.; 1 decanter-stand, value 4s.; and 4 prints, framed and glazed, value 10s.; the goods of 



Richard Engley.






NANCY ENGLEY
. I am the wife of Richard Engley—he lives at Rotherhithe-wall now, with my daughter. We left the Castle public-house, which we kept, on the 8th of December last—the prisoner was neighbour and customer, and used to come backwards and forwards two or three times a day—we were in great difficulties, and I got her to pledge some sheeting and some table-linen, and other things—I have found means since them to take them out, and found that a number of them were changed, and inferior things put in, which had her name on instead of mine, this led me to think that she had other things of mine, as I had lost a great many—her husband had come to my house, but he never came except to the tap-room or bar—she has been in our private apartments—a great many things were found at her house belonging to me—I went and spoke to her, and told her if she would give up my things I would say nothing about it—she denied having any things of mine—she said she had nothing at all belonging to me—all these things found in her house are mine—here are four pictures, framed and glazed, one shawl, one blanket, one decanter-stand, some knives and forks, five scale-beams, three umbrellas, five brass cocks, one dark lantern, one tea-tray, two sheets, one night-gown, one apron, five table-clothes, two silk handkerchiefs, three napkins, my husband's set of razors, two German silver spoons, my spectacles, and some other things—none of these were delivered to her to pawn—they were all stolen—they were found on the floor floor at her house, locked up in drawers—the picture and all the

things—I had not authorized her, when we were in distress, to remove any of these for safe custody—they were taken from time to time without my knowledge—I have discharged one servant through it, though I have since given her a good character—the prisoner was constantly coming as a friend and had free access up and down stairs.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You told the girl you had missed a number of things? A. Yes; and I said I did not think I had any body would come into my parlour who would steal them—the prisoner's husband never went into the parlour—he never came to smoke his pipe—he was never in the parlour I am very certain—it was not a parlour used for smoking—it was for my family—my name is on these sheets and table-clothes—I have not seen them since the 8th of December, and I am not certain I saw them that day, but I know they are mine.





MARIA ENGLEY
. I am the prosecutors's daughter. I find my marks on these sheets—I know they are my father's and these table-cloths are my marking.





WILLIAM DAMAN
 (police-constable G 161.) I got these things at No. 8, Union-place, Tabernacle-walk, the chief of them were on the first floor—the prisoner's daughter endeavoured to take these pictures out of the house but I stopped her with them.

Prisoner None of this property was in my house previous to these people coming into it—they lived with me nine weeks.





NANCY ENGLEY

re-examined I had been nine weeks in that house but had not a single article of these things with me—I had lost sight of all these things before I removed to lodge with them—I looked on her as a very particular friend—if I had any little trouble I always related it to he in confidence—I had not the least idea that these things were in her house at the time.

Prisoner They were left in different parts of my house and I retained them for my things being destroyed and for the rent. Witness I have got the receipt for the rent—I had the garret and the lower room only.

Prisoner The pictures were brought into my house by the servant during the time things were removed there, she asked me to take care of some things. Witness You had some things sent, but not these things, and you came backwards and forwards—these pictures were taken from my house on the 8th of December—she positively declared she never saw them, and that a man whom she named must have taken them.

Prisoner When I found my things were consumed, I told her I should retain her things till I was paid. Witness She never made any demand on me for any thing—she said she would serve me in the four quarters of the globe—those were the last words she said to me—I was eleven weeks in the house and paid her before I left the house—here is the receipt for 21. 5s., on the 9th of February.




GUILTY
. Aged 44—


Transported for Seven Years.
