




758. 




THOMAS ROSS
 and 




THOMAS BROWN
 were indicted for

feloniously breaking and entering the shop of the 



Benjamin Hill, on the 
10th of February, at 
St. Luke's, and stealing therein, 51bs. weight of eels, value 1s., 6d.; 4lbs. weight of salted fish, value 9d.; and 2 herrings, value 11/2d. his goods.






JOHN HALL
. I am a policeman. On Wednesday the 10th of February, I was in white cross-street at half past four o'clock in the morning, near the prosecutor's shop, on the other side of the road—I heard a noise in the shop—I went over and found the door secure as usual, with a chain and padlock on—I called to my brother constable Bartlett, and went to find Mr. Hill—he does not sleep at the shop—I left Bartlett there—I returned with Mr. Hill in about twenty minutes, and found Bartlett still there—Mr. Hill opened the door—we found the back door broken open—I searched the premises outside, and during the time I was searching there, the two prisoners dropped over a wall into a passage—Barlett apprehended Ross with the eels in his cap, and brought him into the shop—Ross said if we would only let him go he would never do so any more—he said that it was his brother-in-law who was with him, and that they both lived at No.3, Chequer-alley, with their father-in-law—Bartlett had some salt fish in his possession, which the other prisoner dropped as he ran away—I took Ross to the station-house—Hargrave we took Browm on the Saturday.





WILLIAM BARNATT
. I am a policeman. I stood by the stop while Had fetched Mr. Hall. I went up Reform-place, which is the adjoining passage and waited there eight or ten minutes—I then saw the two prisoners

drop from a wall—I followed and succeeded in searching Ross—he dropped this cap containing eels, and two herrings stuck in his bosom—I tried to search Brown, but could not get a firm hold of him, and he got away—he dropped this salt fish tied up in his own cup—he acknowledged it to be his cap at Worship-street—I am sure he is the boy.
(The prisoner Brown being deaf, his mother communicated the evidence to him.)

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you see the boy come down from the wall? A. I did—it was rather better that half-past four o'clock in the morning—I had no lantern, but there was a gas-light a very short distance, just at the entrance of the archway in Banner-street—the wall is at the side of the adjoining house—they got over one wall—Brown got away from me directly I caught hold of him—I did mot see him again till he was in custody—he was taken on the Saturday, and remanded till the Friday following, and then I saw him.

COURT. Q. Do you know that it was his cap you found the fish in? A. He said at Worship-street that it was his—that was in the room where the depositions were taken—where the clerks were writing.





JOHN HALL

re-examined I did not see Brown on the 19th—Bartlett brought Ross out of the passage into the house—I did not see Brown till he was apprehended—I do not know that the cap was his, except from what he said when the despositions were taken.





BENJAMIN HILL
. My shop is in the parish of St. Luke, I have seen the fish—I lost fish just like that—I cannot swear to it—I missed some of that kind, which I had left in the shop the night before—they are of very small value.





THOMAS HARGRAVE
. I am a policeman. In consequence of information, I took Brown on Saturday, the 13th of February, in Bunhill-row—when he saw me he ran—I pursued him and took him into custody—I said, "I want you, young fellow"—he said, "Pray let me go, I will never do so any more I have only been in once before"—the prisoners both live in one house, in Chequer-alley.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever been to Brown's house? A. I have—his father is a spur-maker; so they say.





ELIZA BROWN
. I married the prisoner Brown's father eight years ago. He is seventeen years old—his father is a spur-maker, and he had been brought upto his father's business, and can work very well—his father works at home, for Mr. Gooding, of London-wall—the prisoner sleeps at home in the same room as us—he got out on this night—neither his father nor I heard him—when the policeman came to knock at our door, It was fastened outside with a little chain—it fastens inside with a button—I do not know how it came fastened outside—our circumstances are not very good—the prisoner had not been half starved—he does work and I go and sell it—Ross is my own son—Brown my son-in-law—they slept together—both got out of the room—the father heard Ross moving about, and asked him what he was doing—he said he only wanted to po—Brown came home next morning, about eight o'clock—I sent Ross his breakfast at the station-house, at nine o'clock—Ross will be eleven years old next December—I have only one child which is two years and a quarter old, by my present husband.





WILLIAM BARTLETT

re-examined. I did not see Brown again till the 19th—I saw enough of him to be positive he is the same person.

ROSS—


GUILTY
. Aged 12—


Transported for Seven Years.

BROWN—


GUILTY
 Aged 16—



Confined three Months, and 



Whipped.



Before Mr. Justice Park.
