





1414. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of April
, 4 waistcoats, value 20s.; 8 handkerchiefs, value 20s.; 3 coats, value 3s.; 5 cravats, value 2s.; 2 pieces of linen, containing in length 26 yards each, value 50s.; 2 pairs of trousers, value 20s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 2s., and 1 portfolio, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Francois 
                        Rameau
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Benson
                     



.
FRANCOIS RAMEAU (through an interpreter). I live at Mrs. Benson's, in Marylebone


. On the 30th of April I returned home, between nine and ten o'clock in the evening; I had gone out at half-past nine in the morning, leaving all my property safe - when I returned I missed the property stated - the value of all I lost was 120l. - have seen nothing since but the waistcoat.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. How was your property secured? A. My pocket-book was in my trunk, which was locked - the trunk was broken open, and the pocket-book was gone; my Christain names are Francois Ambrose, but I always sign Francois Rameau - I am not certain how it is on my passport.
COURT. Q. Are you known by the name of Francois, or have you used in this country the name of Ambrose? A. On particular occasions I call my name Ambrose.
MARY BENSON. I am landlady of the house in which the prosecutor has lodged for upwards of five years. I remember his going out on the morning of the 30th of April - I was in his room that day, about five o'clock in the afternoon - it appeared all secure, but I am not in the habit of looking over his wardrobe - the door was shut and locked; I sent a person up to his room about a quarter-past nine o'clock, to light the fire - she came down immediately, and I went up to the room; I found the door unlocked, but shut - I had the key myself; the person who got in must have opened the door with another key - I missed the property; I know nothing of the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. Who went into the room at a quarter-past nine o'clock? A. A person I had to assist me; I had given her my key, and she called me up - she only just went up stairs and came down again.


                  HENRY 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I am in the service of a pawnbroker in Wardour-street. I have a waistcoat, pawned by the prisoner, on the 30th of April, between two and half-past four o'clock - I am certain of him; I have a recollection of its being in the afternoon; it might be about three o'clock.


                  EDWARD 
                  JONES
               



             (Police-constable D 16). On the night of the 30th of April I was on duty near Barlow-street, and an officer told me of a robbery at No. 7, Little Barlow-street, where Mrs. Benson lives - I went there, and found the prosecutor's room in a disturbed state; I went to give notice to the inspector - several persons were about, who pointed out the prisoner as a man who had been lurking about the house - I walked after him; he turned a street, and ran off through several streets; I followed, and took him - I asked him why he ran; he said he wanted to go home - this was past eleven o'clock; I took him to the station, and found on him the duplicate of the waistcoat which had been pawned that day for 7s., in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Thompson
               



            , No. 3, Chapel-street.
THOMAS GAYDON. I live opposite Mrs. Benson's; I saw the prisoner that evening walking about several times, and pointed him out to the officer.
Cross-examined. Q.When did you see him? A. About half-past nine o'clock was the first time - he was about, I dare say, for half an hour, and then went away; I took particular notice of him, by his watching round the house.
FRANCOIS RAMEAU. This is my waistcoat.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you had it? A. About three years; I do not know that I had seen it that day, I had two or three days before - I left it in the cupboard.
Prisoner. The pawnbroker has stated quite false; it was pawned between twelve and one o'clock.




               GUILTY of stealing the waistcoat only
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
