





959. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     ROGERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of May
, 1 sovereign, and 1 half sovereign, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Brown
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a widower
, and am by trade a sawyer
. I fell in with the prisoner on the 5th of May, in Broad-street, St. Giles's - I had walked from Reading the night before; I met with her about eleven o'clock in the morning; she asked me where I was going, I said to find a place to lay down on, as I had been walking all night - she was a stranger to me; she showed me into a place where she said she had a nice clean bed; I gave her 1s. 6d. and laid down on the bed, and she by my side - I fell asleep and slept for two hours and a half, when I awoke she had locked me in - I had had my money in my waistcoat pocket; there was 10d. in copper in the outside pocket, and a sovereign and a half in the inside pocket - I found her hand in my pocket when I awoke, and asked her what she wanted; she said some half pence to get some tea; I said that was no object, and I gave her a few; she then went out and locked me in - I remained three quarters of an hour, she then returned, and asked if I was going - I had missed a sovereign and a half sovereign, I said nothing to her about it, but went out and found the officer; he went with me, and took her to the station - my sovereign and a half had been in a piece of paper, which I know very well.


                  JOHN 
                  CARNEY
               



             (Police-constable E 34). I went and took the prisoner with this piece of paper in her hand, which the prosecutor said his money had been in.
Prisoner's Defence. He spoke to two females and he left them and came to me; he said he had been out all night and would give any thing to go to bed - I took him up stairs and asked what he was going to give me, he said a shilling, I said it was a very small compliment, he then gave me another sixpence, and I wrapped the money in this paper, which I found in the fire place, and put it in my bosom; he staid there till two o'clock, and then asked me to have something to drink; I came out with him to have it, we saw the policeman on the opposite side, the prosecutor called him, and said he had been robbed; the policeman asked me what I had in my hand, I opened my hand and gave him the paper which had had the 1s. 6d. in it, but which I had then taken out and put with 3s. which I had saved for my landlord - I was then taken into a room and stripped, but nothing was found on me - the prosecutor said he had been drinking the whole of the night before, and he was very much intoxicated, he stated that before the magistrate - I am an unfortunate girl, and cannot have a character, but I am perfectly innocent of the charge for which I am brought here.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I left London last Sunday three weeks, I staid one week in the country, and then walked to town; I started at eleven or twelve in the day, I walked on all night, and as to drink, I had no more than two half-pints of beer, and one glass of gin - I know I had my money safe as I was going up the stairs, a few minutes before I got on the bed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
