





42. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of November
, 2 sovereigns, 1 shilling, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Robins
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  ROBINS
               



            . I am a porter
. On the 25th of November I was in Great Russell-street


, at half-past eleven o'clock at night; the prisoner accosted me, and asked for a penny - I said I had no money to give away; she bustled up against me two or three times - there was a little woman begging in the street, and the prisoner asked me to give her a penny; I again said I had no money to give away; she then said, "I will give her a penny;" she came by my side again, and then walked away - I felt in my left-hand trousers pocket, and my money was all gone; she was not then above five yards from me - I know my money was safe when she first accosted me; I called the officer, and gave charge of her - he took her to the station, and with great force he found the money on her; I lost two sovereigns, a shilling, and a sixpence.


                  JAMES 
                  WHITAKER
               



            . I am a Police-officer. The prosecutor charged the prisoner with stealing two sovereigns and two shillings, and then he recollected that he had changed one shilling, and spent 4d. out of it - I took her to the station, saw her put some money into her mouth, and then take it out in her hand; I found in her left-hand two sovereigns and a shilling; and 1s. 8 1/2d. in her purse.
Prisoner. I had known the prosecutor two months before - he met me at the corner of Hanway-yard, and we walked together to Russell-street.
MR. ROBINS. I never saw her till met her in Russell-street.
Prisoner's Defence. When I met him I asked him for a penny - he said he was very sorry he had no more money, but he would give me a couple of shillings - he put his hand into his pocket, and gave me what he had; my purse was in my right hand - I put what he gave me into my glove; I had 2s. in silver, and 10d. in copper - he said he was sorry we could not go to a place where we could be comfortable; a woman then came up and asked for a penny, and I gave it her from my purse; the prosecutor then put his hand into his pocket, and said he had lost two sovereigns - the officer then came up; the prosecutor whispered to me not to tell what had taken place between us.
COURT to 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WHITAKER
               



            . Q. Was the prosecutor intelligent? A. Yes - there was another woman about two yards from the prisoner; the prisoner denied having any money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
