



1466. 




WILLIAM DAVIS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of June, 1 handkerchief, value 4s, the goods of 



Philip Holcombe, from his person.






PHILIP HOLCOMBE
. I live in Grafton-street East, and am a harppainter. On the 4th of June I was in the New-road, near Euston-square with a lady—I felt a tug at my coat-pocket—I turned round and saw the prisoner close behind me—I missed my pocket handkerchief—I made towards the prisoner, and he immediately dropped it—I pursued, and caught him; and the lady, who was with me, picked it up—I never lost sight of the prisoner—he said he had a father at home, and asked me to let him go—I charged him with stealing it—he said he did not—the lady gave me the handkerchief—she was not before the Magistrate—I gave the officer the handkerchief—I had scented it with musk, and the one

I found was the same—several persons wanted me to let him go, and desired him to kneel down, and make me drag him to the station-house.





WYNNE ROGERS
 (police-constable S 151.) I took the prisoner into custody; he begged of the prosecutor to let him go, saying, he lived by (Property produced and Sworn to.)

Prisoner. He could not swear to it at the office—they told him to put a mark on it.





PHILIP HOLCOMBE
. The clerk at the office told me to mark it—it corresponds in appearance and scent with that I lost.

Prisoner's Defence. I was crossing the new road, and coming towards him—he caught me in the middle of the road, shook me, and pulled my ear, and said I had picked his pocket, and drove me along—several gentlemen said, "Let him go, for he did not do it'—he said he had lost several handkerchiefs, and he would make me pay for all the lot.





PHILIP HOLCOMBE

re-examined. I said I had lost several handkerchiefs before, but had never taken a prisoner, and now I had got him I would prosecute him—nobody said that he had not taken it, and I was mistaken. (Margaret Moore, of Henry-street, Hampstead-road, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 16. *—


Transported for Seven Years.
