



1157. 



WILLIAM WILSON
 was indicted

 for wilful and corrupt perjury.






MB. DOANE

conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN GIBBINS
. I reside in Prospect-place, Brixton-road, I am beadle of Brixton church, and sell stationery, toys, tobacco, and snuff. On the evening of the 7th of November, I was at home from half-past fire o'clock the whole of the evening—I did not go out at all that night—I was at work in the shop the greater part of the evening—my wife was at home and a child—my wife was in the parlour at the back of the house—there is a small passage to go through to the back of the house—during that even ing no one came into the shop for fireworks—I saw a female at Union Hall, who gave the name of Tanner or Turner—site did not come into my shop—my wife did not come out to any such person from the parlour into the shop—no such person paid 3d., for fireworks, for squibs, or crackers—there was no transaction of that kind—no female came in for fire works of any description the whole of the evening—I had no fireworks in my pos session—I did not see the defendant outside my shop—I was at work pat ting up some glass cases and shelves—there was no female except my wife in the house—my wife received a summons on the 20th—I saw it on the Tuesday, and in consequence of that, I went to Union Hall policeoffice on Wednesday the 23rd of November, before Mr. Jeremy—I saw the defendant there, and the female Turner or Tanner.





EDWARD HENRY BURRIDGE
. I am one of the constables of Union Hall. I produce a summons which was served on Mr. Gibbins by so officer, I endorsed it before I delivered it to him—it is in Mr. Trail's handwriting, and the signature is Mr. Cressy's—Mr. Trail is one of the Magistrates of that office—I do not recollect that I was present when it was applied for—I do not know who appeared—I think I saw Stowell at the office on the day the summons was taken out, but I did not hear him apply, and take it out—Stowell is an informer.





JOHN GIBBINS
. re-examined Q. Did you get that summons into your possession? A. This is the summons that my wife received—I received it from her; in consequence of that I went to Union Hall; I found there Sto-w ell the informer—there was a complaint made, this is it (looking at a paper)—I saw nothing but that, and the party that came against me—the defendant was at the bar then, and the girl Tanner or Turner, the defendant, was produced as a witness by Stowell.





NICHOLAS EDWIN
. I am chief clerk at Union Hall. I remember Mr. Gibbins appearing there—I do not remember the day—I have my book here—it is the course of business, on complaints being made, to issue sum—should monses on verbal application, when the statement does not require that they

be made on oath—informants apply to the Magistrate for a summons, sad he grants them—on the 23rd, here is an entry, "Thomas Stowell against John Gibbins"—William Wilson made a deposition, but I did not administer the oath.





JOSEPH DELLOR
. I am an officer of Union Hall. I do not recollect that I was present when the complaint was made by Stowell again at John Gibbins—but I saw the defendant there on the day of hearing, and I swore him.





NICHOLAS EDWIN
, Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Before this hearing took place, had any complaint been made to the magistrate? A. There must have been an application for a summons—it has been a question at Union-hall, whether the party making such a complaint should make it on oath, but the magistrate does not think it necessary it should be—I do not recollect hat I was present when this application was made.

MR. DOANE. Q. What was the charge? A. It was a summons for selling fireworks (reads)—William Wilson of No. 22, Fleet-lane, broker, on his oath stated, on Monday, the 7th of November, went with a female to the defendant's house—the young woman went into the shop—a woman belonging to the shop went into an adjoining room and brought oat some squibs and crackers, for which the female paid her threepence, which I had given her to pay for them, and she brought them out to him—it was moonlight, and he saw the name of John Gibbins over the door—the result was that the defendant was fined 5l., and 4s. costs.
(The summons was here put in and read.)





JOHN GIBBINS

re-examined. I heard the defendant sworn, and the female also gave her testimony—she stated that they lived at No. 22, Fleet-lane—that he was a broker, and she was a dressmaker—my plea to the charge was, not guilty—after these two persons had been sworn in support of the information, I was fined five pounds—I went on the tame afternoon to Fleet-lane in the City—I had heard the prisoner swear that he lived at No. 22, Fleet-lane, and he said he was a broker, and the female swore she was a dressmaker, living on the same floor—the first floor—I afterwards found that the prisoner was living at No. 55 1/2, Kent-street.

Cross-examined. Q. You went to No. 22, Fleet-lane, and could not find him? A. Yes, he was not taken there—he was taken in Old-street—the woman was not taken there—I did not take the prisoner's wife into custody, in mistake, for the woman Turner—there was an officer went with me—we did not find the prisoner's wife in the house—there was a woman, whose name, I "believe, was Peters—she gave her name Tanner at first—she came down stairs with the officer, and came to Union-hall the next day, and gave me information—she came down stairs of her own free will—she did not say she was the prisoner's wife—she told me at first that her name was Tanner, and then Peters, and said she had been seduced by this man from her friends at Bristol—this was about a week after the indictment was preferred, which was the latter end of November—I have found that this man did not live at No. 22, Fleet-lane—I have lived where I do for three years—I do not deny but that I had fireworks there—they certainly have been sold—I will not venture to swear I have not sold fireworks—my child has not—the last time I had any fireworks was on the 5th of November—I did not sell any on that day—I will not answer whether my wife did—I consider she did—I had rather you would ask her—I will say she did sell fireworks on the 5th of November—I had none in my house on the 6th—I swear that—the last

time I had any was the evening of the 5th—I purchased them of Mr. Fenwick—the 5th was on Saturday—I had got none on Monday—I had them it may be a fortnight or ten days before the 5th—I will not swear that I sold any on the 3rd, or on the 4th—I had none on the premises, and none were sold on the 7th by my wife or myself—they were sold earl? on the evening of the 5th—I was at work in the shop all the evening on the 7th, 'from half-past five o'clock—I have never said that I would sooner spend 50/. than not get this man convicted, nor any thing of the kind—I did not state before the Magistrate that I was asleep in the parlour.





ELIZABETH GIBBINS
. I am the wife of John Gibbins. I remember Monday evening, the 7th of November—I was at home the whole day—I was not out from half-past five o'clock till I went to bed—I was down stain—I served nobody with fireworks on that night, or at any time during the day—no female came into the shop on the evening of that day, and asked for fireworks—I did not sell threepenny worth of squibs and crackers to any body—no person of the name of Tanner or Turner came in—no such person came for fireworks.

Cross-examined. Q. When your husband is at home, who generally attends to the shop? A. I do—he never has attended to the shop—I do not know the last time when we had any fireworks—I do not say I have not sold them—we had some in the month of November—I do not know who my husband bought them of—I cannot tell to what amount—there was some sent in between the 1st and the 7th—I do not recollect the last day we had any—I had none on the 10th, nor on the 9th, or 8th—I had none at all after the 7th, nor yet on the 7th—we had none on the 6th—We had on the 5th—I had not many—they were all sold—I was in the little parlour that evening—there is a passage between that and the shop—I could not see what was going on from the parlour—I went into the shop, if any one came in, to serve them—my husband never attends to it—I do not know whether he has paid the fine of 5l.—I have not asked him.

MR. DOANE. Q. Was there any other female in the house? A. There was not.





JOHN GIBBINS
. I have not paid the fine.





JOHN BECK
. I am a smith, and live at No. 22, Fleet-lane, City, and have lived there between seven and eight years. I do not know whether the prisoner ever lived there—I never saw him in the month of November—there was no such person living there in the month of November—I saw a young woman come backwards and forwards on the same floor as I live—the two-pair back—I do not know her name—I only saw her by giving her a light in the morning, once or twice.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you housekeeper? A. No—a weekly tenant—the upper apartment is let, and that is all, except what I live in—the rooms are let weekly or monthly—there are seven or eight rooms besides the ground-floor—I cannot say how many lodgers there are in each room—there may be a man and his wife and family—I cannot say whether there have been forty lodgers at one time—you may reckon up twelve or fourteen when the house has been full—I do not know of a Mrs. Deacon being in the house—I know the names of some of the lodgers—I never saw the prisoner there in my life, and I have worked at home the whole day.





DANIEL SMITH
. I am a builder, and live at No. 55, Kent-street, Borough, and have lived there five years. I know the defendant by the name of James Peters—he passed by that name with me from the beginning of October—he came into my rents on the first week in October, and hired an apart

ment of me in Kent-street—he lived there throughout the month of November—I am quite sure of that.

Cross-examined. Q. You keep a lodging-house, do you? A. No—I do not let my house out—I have a great many tenements—I let the prisoner two rooms in a house which has eight rooms in it—there are other lodgers in that house, hut not where I live myself—he owes me a guinea ever since the 8th of December, and there were some shop goods, with the rent—his rent was paid up to the 7th of November, and from that time to the 8th of December his rent was not paid—he slept in that house after the 7th of November—I do not say every day in November, but he was back wards and forwards the whole of the month—he lived with a woman they called his wife—I have not been to No. 22, Fleet-lane, but I have seen the house—I have not seen Mrs. Peters there—I was at the Town-hall a short time ago, and fined 5l., with expenses—I did not say I would ruin all the d—d informers in London, nothing of the kind—I have twenty-five houses of this description in Kent-street—women of the town are to be found in many houses there—I never got into any trouble about them—I sever had any complaint against me.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, MAY 8, 1837.
