



456. 





THOMAS PINFOLD
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on 
5th of December, 18 trusses of hay, value 36s., the goods of 



Williams Holcombe, his master.






WILLIAM HOLCOMBE, ESQ
. I live at New-cross. I keep between 200 and 300 sheep, merely for my own amusement—I have about 200 acres of land—the prisoner was my bailiff—I intended to take him as such, but had him a month on trial—he acted as bailiff—he had no authority to sell any hay on my account—nor did he ever inform me that he had sold any—in consequence of his being taken up on the last case, a person from the Rose public-house came and asked if I knew about any hay.

Prisoner. On the Saturday previous to my sending this hay to Harper's, I consulted master about binding out part of a stack of hay, and he thought I had better do it—to bind the whole of the hay out—he told me Mr. Hatton would take all—that he was a man who bought all his bad hay, but he said, "Do you know his price?"—I said, "No"—he said, "He won't give you but 2l., a load." Witness. Not a word of the sort passed. Prisoner. Q. Did not I mention to you about the coachman wanting

some hay bound? A. Yes, you were to bind out the hay—I desired you to bind out the stump of the stack, and put the best of it into a loft for the carriage horses, and the rest into the cow-house—I did not authorize you directly or indirectly to sell a truss—I had sold Hatton all the refuse hay long ago—I never contemplated selling any of the hay there.

Prisoner. I believe the witness Barrall was present at the time.

MR. HOLCOMBE. I neither directed him, nor led him to suppose that he was authorized to sell any hay—he bad nothing to do with selling hay at all.





WILLIAM HARPER
. I live at the Rose, at New-cross. I bought eighteen trusses of hay of the prisoner—they came in on the 5th of December, but he asked me in November if I wanted any, being in the habit of having it of the former bailiff—I said, "What is it a load"—he said, "4l."—I said, "I generally have the middling, I cannot afford so much"—that is about 1l. for a quarter of a load—he said, I should have a quarter of a load for 18s., or half a load for 36s.—he brought half a load, and the same night came down to my house with a bill, which I produce—it ii in pencil—I paid him 1l. on account, and was to pay the rest by Christmas—but when the prisoner got into trouble I thought it right to go to Mr. Holcombe—I only paid the prisoner 1l.—my wife paid him, and I promised to pay him the rest between that and Christmas—he said I need not pay any then unless I chose—I said, "I have nothing but a £5. note"—this was on the 5th of December—he signed my book as receiving it—I was never present when Mr. Holcombe and the prisoner were speaking on the subject of hay—I had dealt with the other man (Hall) and thought I might deal with him—I paid Hall for what I had of him.

MR. HOLCOMBE. (re-examined.) The prisoner never told me he had sold this hay of mine—he was taken into custody on the 12th of December—he never paid me any of the money.





JOSEPH BARRALL
. I was ordered by the prisoner, on the 5th of December, to take this hay to Mr. Harper—I told Harper where it came from—I work for the prosecutor myself—I know it was his hay—I brought it from Mr. Holcombe's premises—I am his carman—the prisoner desired me to pitch the hay into the cart, and he loaded it—he was my foreman, and I considered he was doing right.

Prisoner's Defence. I never paid master the money, as I only received 1l.—I made the bill out in master's name—I have been with him ever since the 2nd of October—I had to buy a few plants and things for the garden, and paid turnpikes for the cart—I have not yet settled with master—when he came home, he asked me about a pig I had in pound, and I was obliged to print bills for it—master asked me about it—I was going to get my pocket-book to show him the account, and he said, "Never mind, we will settle when we have an opportunity"—I paid various things for him, and My bill, I believe, is about 12s. 13s. or 15s. against him—I was allowed to Sell apples, and I sold some at 6d. a bushel, and some at 8d., and 1s. 4d—I owe him money, and he owes me money—I have never settled with him since he came home—he has said, "We will settle it altogether," both what I had sold and what I had bought—I certainly sold the hay, but not with any view to defraud whatever—I believe Barrall was present when master told me about sending the worst of the hay to Hatton.





JOSEPH BARRALL

re-examined. I was present when Mr. Holcombe told him to rake up the loose hay, and take it into Mr. Hatton's—

that is some weeks ago—he said he was to rake up the loose hay which was lying about, and get it together, to see what there was of it, and have it taken into Hatton's, not to Harper's.

MR. HOLCOMBE
re-examined. I had sold all the loose hay to Halton—I had agreed with Hatton to take the whole of it, but the prisoner had nothing to do but to rake it up.




GUILTY
—Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

