





1110. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SKINNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of June
, at St. Bridget, alias St. Bride's, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Edwards
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GREEN
               



            . I live at No. 21, Thomas-street, Sadlers-wells. On the 10th of June, I was on Ludgate-hill


 about ten o'clock in the evening, and saw the prisoner with another, walking close to the prosecutor's pocket; Isaw the prisoner put his hand into the gentleman's pocket and take out the handkerchief; he directly turned towards Ludgate-hill and ran - I ran and saw him stopped; he threw the handkerchief away in Black-horse-court - I did not see it picked up.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Where was he taken? A. At the top of Bride-lane, by the steps - I never lost sight of him.
Q. Did you see round the corner then? A. Yes; I was close to him; there were two persons near the prosecutor - I am sure it was the prisoner took the handkerchief; I never saw him before.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoner in charge, and as I took him to the watch-house, he conveyed the handkerchief to a man who stood in Black-horse-court - I directly seized the man, who dropped it at his feet and got away; I picked it up - I am sure I saw the prisoner pass it to the man.
Cross-examined. Q. You positively swear you saw him transfer the handkerchief to the other? A. I do.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . This is my handkerchief; I live at No. 89, Cheapside. On the 10th of June, I was walking up Ludgate-hill - I heard an alarm given, and then missed my handkerchief - I went to the watch-house and saw the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite certain of it? A. Quite
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing along, and heard the cry of stop thief; I was coming down Fleet-street from Drury-lane - I heard the alarm, and ran with the people, and got eighty or ninety yards a-head; this lad was in Bridge-street; I was going up the steps by St. Bride's church - Mr. Green and two gentlemen took hold of me, and in about four minutes this lad came up; I was taken to the watch-house - I did not have the handkerchief, nor had I seen it till it was produced at the watch-house; a handkerchief was picked up in a crowd of one hundred and fifty persons - this officer is the father of the lad, and most probably (while having been here), he has instructing him what to say on my trial - he has false-sworn himself.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
