




1699. 




PURCILL FORD
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
4th of May, 6 cups, value 10s.; 1 glass tumbler, value 1s.; 1 brush, value 1s.; 6 plates, value 1l.; 2 candlesticks, value 4s.; 1 looking-glass and frame, value 7s.; the cover of a cushion, value 10s.; and 1 bag, value 6d.; the goods of 



George Williams and others: and 

8 gas pillars, value 2l., the the said goods of 



George Williams and others, fixed in a building there.






JOHN HOPKINSON
. I live in Bridge-house-place, Newington-causeway—I am one of the deacons of Great Suffolk-street Baptist chapel. On the 4th of May I went there, and found Marchant, the pew-opener there, and eight or ten of the gas-fittings were taken away—I missed the articles stated, several of the lockers were broken open, the hymn books and tracts scattered about, and a box in the library up-stairs, broken open, and half-pence and farthings contributed by the children of the Sunday-school to to the Missionary Society taken out—the property belongs to the trustees and deacons, George Williams and others—they have the care and charge of them—the chapel-keeper, who is their servant, has charge of the chapel.





JOHN WARD
. I am a leather-dresser, and live in Friar-street—I work in premises adjoining the chapel. On the 4th of May, at half-past five o'clock in the morning I observed some persons come out of the chapel—I watched them into Suffolk-street—I went to the door, and saw two men standing opposite Chapel-place—one gave a whistle—I called over to Brown—he made a stop opposite the door, and said, "Why don't you come out, why stand peeping there?"—the prisoner immediately came out of the chapel, and I held him while Brown ran after the other two—he said, "Do you mean to let me down?"—I said, "No"—he said, "If you do not, I will down you"—the policeman came up and took him.





JOHN BEOWN
. I am a fire-wood cutter, and live in Chapel-place. I saw some men come out of the chapel about half-past five o'clock in the morning—two went over to Mr. Knight's and stood by his railings—Ward called me—I heard a whistle given, when the policeman got out of sight—I observed the chapel-door opened when the whistle was given, and the prisoner looked out, peeping at me—I said, "You have no business there,

why not come out?"—I laid hold of him just as he came off the chapel steps, gave him to Ward, and went after the other two.





JOHN MILLS
 (police-constable M 31.) I searched the prisoner, and found five gas-fittings in his trowsers, four cups, a brass rod, and a tumbler in his hat, and a brush—he was rather intoxicated.





EDMUND M'DONALD
. I am a policeman. I assisted in searching the prisoner—I found on him 3s. 3 1/4 d. in copper, and part of the gas-fittings.

Prisoner's Defence. I was made drunk by two men who asked me to carry some gas-fittings and other things to Whitechapel—being drunk, I said I would—they put the things into my trowsers, and told me when they whistled to come out—they were to give me 5s. or 6s.




GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
