





519. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SPATS
                  



               
             was 


               indicted for a misdemeanour
            .
Mr. DOANE conducted the Prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  COLLIS
               



            . I am a shopman to 
               
Mr
. Lynn
               



            , who is a shell-fish-monger
 in Fleet-street


 - I know the defendant - I knew him in Mr. Lovegrove's employ, ever since Mr. Lovegrove has had the London Coffee-house, which is about two years - I was not aware that he had left - during those two years he was in the habit of coming to our shop from Mr. Lovegrove, on Mr. Lovegrove's account; and I furnished him with anything he came for on Mr. Lovegrove's account, which Mr. Lovegrove always paid for - on the 10th of January the prisoner came and said, "I want four slices of brawn and a pot of shrimps" - that was such an order as he was in the habit of giving from Mr. Lovegrove when in his service - he was dressed in a hairy cap, and an old blue jacket - he had no apron - we had furnished the same sort of thing before for Mr. Lovegrove - he then said, "I am to take half a dozen herrings, if you are not open to-morrow" - I asked him who said so; and his answer was, I believe, "My governor" - I said, "Your governor has made a mistake: to-morrow is Saturday instead of Sunday" - I delivered him the brawn - we had no shrimps - I had just sold the last pot, and did not deliver him the herrings - the value of the brawn, at the price sold to Mr. Lovegrove, is 2s. 8d. - it was one pound and a quarter.
Q. Did you deliver it to the prisoner, supposing from what he said that he was the servant of Mr. Lovegrove? A. I did: I did not know to the contrary - Mr. Lynn always books the goods himself - it was booked to Mr. Lovegrove - I supposed he came from Mr. Lovegrove - I understood by the word "governor," that he meant Mr. Lovegrove - on Monday, the 13th of January, he came again, and said,"I want three slices of brawn" - he said that to Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Lynn
               



            , and I gave them to him by Mr. Lynn's direction.


                  JAMES 
                  LYNN
               



            , JUN. I am the son of James Lynn, who is a shell-fish-monger, in Fleet-street - I knew the defendant in Mr. Lovegrove's employ, previous to the 13th of January, for about two years - he came to my father's shop during those two years frequently for brawn, herrings, potted shrimps, and lobsters, for Samuel Lovegrove, his master, who keeps the London Coffee House and Tavern, Ludgate-hill - he has said, on former occasions, that he came from Mr. Lovegrove's, but not always - while he was in Mr. Lovegrove's service, he used to come for these articles on his account, and received them for him, and carried them away himself. - he received them from our shopman and servants on different occasions - they were sold and delivered to him by my father, myself, and the servants - my father has no partner - on the 10th of January, I was not present, but in consequence of a communication made to me by Collis, four slices of brawn were booked to Mr. Lovegrove - on the morning of the 13th of January the defendant came and said to me, "I want three slices of brawn" - I said, "Collis, cut that brawn" - he did so - I said to the defendant, "How many sons has your master in the business?" - he said, "Two," - I said, "Both in the business?" - he said, "Yes; both of them" - I did not mention Mr. Lovegrove's name - I went down the street, and fetched a policeman - I told him to wait outside, and he was taken into custody by the policeman - I gave him the goods, let him go out, and put him in the policeman's hands.
COURT. Q. Then you did not believe the pretence he made? A. No; not on that day, because I was aware of it on the Saturday night - he did not obtain these goods in consequence of the pretence - I delivered them to complete the case against him - Mr. Lovegrove paid for the goods as long as the prisoner was in his service.
MR. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  LOVEGROVE
               



            . I am proprietor of the London Coffee House - the defendant was in my employ ever since I became proprietor of the London Coffee House,for two years nearly - I frequently sent him to Mr. James Lynn's shop for brawn, lobsters, herrings, shrimps, and such things - the accounts were sent in to me generally every week, by Mr. Lynn, and paid by my authority - I discharged the defendant (I cannot exactly say the date, but I think) the latter end of September, or early in October - I am certain he was not in my service at the end of October, and after that time he had no authority from me to obtain anything from Mr. Lynn on my account - I did not employ him at all since October - he was an errand-boy or porter - my house is in the parish of St. Martin, Ludgate.



               GUILTY of obtaining the goods on the 10th of January
            . -




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
