





550. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     DENISON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of February
, 1 brush, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Brown
                        




                     
                  , from his person; and that he had before been convicted of felony
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I live at Guildford, and am driver
 to Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Shelley
               



            , a carrier. On the 11th of February, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, I was in Warwick-lane


; my master was before me, and I had just spoken to him, when I missed a parcel out of my pocket - I believe it contained a hair brush - I turned, and saw the prisoner about three yards off, running; I got up to him after he was stopped, and he gave me my parcel - I do not know whose property it was; I had received it to take to my master.


                  THOMAS 
                  GODFREY
               



            . I live at No. 55, Regent-street - I saw the prisoner running in Warwick-lane; I stopped him - Brown came up, and said, "You have got my parcel;" he at first denied it, but produced it directly afterwards, saying, "Here is your parcel, bl-t you;" the officer took him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BATES
               



            . I took the prisoner - I saw him run, and he was stopped by Godfrey; the brush was delivered to me, and was directed to a person in the Borough.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked up the brush under the inn, and put it under my coat; I deny using the expression which has been stated.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARCH
               



            . I am an officer. I have a certificate of the conviction of a person named Shean at the April Session, in the tenth year of His late Majesty's reign, for stealing a handkerchief from a person unknown, for which he was ordered to be confined twelve months, and to be twice whipped; I took him on that occasion, and, to the best of my belief, the prisoner is the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
