






976. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GOODWIN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     CUSHION
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of April
, 1 hat, value 6s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Robert Hugh 
                  Franks
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAWSON
               



            . I am in the employ of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Hugh
               



             Franks, of Redcross-street, Barbican


. On the 19th of April, at half-past seven o'clock in the evening, this hat was on a peg at the door up a step - they must come up a step to get it - I was standing in the shop and heard a slight noise which caused me to turn my head, I saw the prisoner Cushion take the hat from the peg, and carry it off - I followed him, and saw him deliver it to Goodwin about six yards off - I went to the young man behind me, and we seized them both - Goodwin had the hat and dropped it; I delivered it to the constable - Cushion said he did not take it - Goodwin said somebody had dropped it, and he picked it up - I am sure he received it from Cushion.


                  JAMES 
                  YOUD
               



            . I am porter to Robert Hugh Franks. I was standing in the shop on Friday evening, and saw Cushion take the hat off the peg and run away with it; I pursued him - I saw him give it to the other prisoner six or seven yards off - I collared him, and he immediately dropped the hat on the pavement; I took it up - I did not lose sight of either of them - it was about half-past seven o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a constable. I saw them together about seven o'clock in the evening, and afterwards received them in charge for taking this hat, which I produce - I am sure they were in company when I saw them before the robbery; I had my eye on them for some time - they were walking up and down Beech-street.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Goodwin's Defence. I was passing the shop, and saw this lad on before me; I took the hat off the pavement - the gentleman caught hold of me, and asked me where I got it - I said I took it off the pavement.
Cushion's Defence. I was walking before Goodwin, and when this gentleman laid hold of me, this young man came up and said, "I think that is him," and then he took me into the shop,
CUSHION - 

               GUILTY
            .* Aged 14.
GOODWIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
