



263. 




GEORGE SANGLIER
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.


MESSRS. PHILLIPS
and
CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.

H. W. PARKER, ESQ. I am Assistant Secretary to the Poor Law Commissioners of Lambeth. This is their seal—(producing a paper.)—this document places the parish under a Board of Guardians—I have the confirmation of the prisoner's appointment as master of the workhouse, on the 26th of June last—it is signed by me as their Assistant Secretary.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. This is the constitution drawn up under a particular Act of Parliament? A. Yes, under that Act the guardians of the poor have to appoint the master of the workhouse.





WILLIAM PIGGOTT
. I am an army clothier, at No. 12, Old Jewry. For

a considerable time I have sent out shirts to be made by the paupers at Lambeth workhouse—the guardians of the parish are responsible to me for the return of my property—Jackson collects the money for the guardians—on the 26th of July I paid him 6l. 0s. 3d. for Mr. Sanglier the master—I paid him according to these receipts—(looking at them)—on the 14th of August I paid him 3l. 5s.—on the 24th of August, 3l. 5s., and these are the receipts, from Jackson, as having the money from me.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you pay the money yourself? A. I did—I rather think the receipts were signed before they were brought out—I rather think he gave them to me as they were, without any addition.





GEORGE JACKSON
. I am a pauper in Lambeth workhouse. It was part of my business to take home linen, and receive money—I received these three sums, and I paid them over to Sanglier as soon as I went home—it appeared to me that he entered it in a red memorandum book, but I do not know—I paid him other sums besides these—I saw him take a memorandum-book into his hand, and he appeared to write.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you been in the habit of paying a great number of sums to the prisoner? A. Not many—perhaps not once a month at any time—I had received money from Mr. Piggott, three or four times while Sanglier was there—I suppose he was there three months—I have a distinct recollection that enables me to swear positively that I gave the money to him—I paid him the same day that I received them from Mr. Piggott—I cannot exactly tell what I paid, but by the papers, on one is 3l. 5s.—I swear I paid that to Mr. Sanglier in gold—Mr. Piggott always paid me with a cheque on his banker's, and I went and got it changed at his banker's—I always paid the prisoner the same day, when I went home—I swear that I paid the three sums on the days here mentioned, in the counting-house—no one was there—it was in the afternoon—I generally went to Mr. Piggott in the morning with the goods—I have been four years in the workhouse.





WILLIAM THOMAS LOGAN
. I am clerk of the guardians of Lambeth. Jackson used to receive the money for the work done by the paupers—it was his duty to hand that over to the prisoner, and at the end of the quarter the prisoner was to give me an account of all sums received—he was dismissed on the 16th of October—I saw him on the 18th, and asked him for his account—he rendered me an account of the money he had received, amounting in the whole to 20l. 18s. 11d.—I asked him for the particulars of it—he gave it me—one of his items was "4l. 4s. 6d. received from Mr. Piggott"—I have no doubt of the receipt of it—he did not give me an account of the sum of 6l. 0s. 3d. on the date of this receipt, the 26th of July—he did not give me an account of 3l. 5s., nor of 3l. 5s.—these three dates are wholly omitted in his account—he has never accounted for these sums before or since—I asked him when he gave his account, whether that was all he had received, he said it was—these receipts are in his hand-writing—it would not be his duty to leave receipts in the hands of Piggott or Jackson, unless he received the money.

Cross-examined. Q. How soon was he to leave? A. The guardians gave him two or three days—I did not perceive that he was in any confusion at having to leave so suddenly—when he gave me his detailed account, he did not say he could not say whether or not it was correct—I swear he said nothing of the kind—there was no charge of this kind made before the Magistrate—no depositions were taken—the Board of Guardians appointed

the prisoner—he was responsible to them—two or three members of the Board are here—the accounts should be audited every three months—they have not been audited the last six months—I had nothing to do with the appointment of the prisoner—he did not say that was the best account he could give, nothing of the kind—he said he was going to live in the neighbourhood, and he would look in, or something to that effect—he did not say for what purpose—the parish came under the dominion of the New Poorlaw in the beginning of the year 1836—the duties of the station filled by the prisoner have increased.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. This charge was not gone into at the police-office? A. No, he was there on another charge—we had not then found out this defalcation—it was Sanglier's duty to account to me, and to me only—I am sure that these several sums were omitted—he had been suspended one week before his actual dismission—he was dismissed on the Tuesday night, and I accounted with him on the Thursday—he was allowed to stay for that week in the workhouse.





WILLIAM PIGGOTT

re-examined. I paid the three sums specified—here is a receipt for 4l. 4s. 6d.—I also paid that to Jackson on the 26th of September—that was subsequent to the other three dates—I paid that to Jackson in the same way as the others, and took this receipt.
(George Wilkinson, Esq., of the Northern Circuit, and Recorder of Newcastle; and Thomas Patterson, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner and his wife, upon which no evidence was offered.)
