



1985. 




DANIEL CARTY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th of September, 1 pocket, value 4d.; 1 towel, value 4d.; and 4 half—crowns; the goods and monies of 



John Ringrose, from the person of 



Sarah Ringrose.






SARAH RINGROSE
. I am the wife of John Ringrose, and live in Coc and Castle—lane, Kingsland. On the 5th of September, about half—past ten o'clock at night, I was in Bartholomew fair, with my husband—I felt my pocket—string cut, and my gown being pulled, I turned round and my pocket—string broke—the prisoner was down at my feet, and I saw him take my pocket from under my gown—It contained the articles stated in the indictment—before I could call out, the officer came and seized him.

Prisoner. She said at the office I was on my knees with it in my hand Witness. Yes, he had it in his hand—he took it from under my gown.





JOSEPH KING
. I was an officer at the time in question, and live in Whitmore-road, Hoxton. I was in front of Richardson's show, about a quarter to ten o'clock, and saw the prisoner going up and down by the show—the prosecutrix and her husband passed, and just at the corner where the greatest crush was, the prisoner and another kept hipping and shouldering them—all in a moment I missed the prisoner's head, and the woman called out, "That man has got my pocket"—I took him on his hands and knees, with the pocket in his hand—I raised him from the ground, and Godfrey took the pocket from his hand.





FRANCIS GODFREY
. I had been watching the prisoner for three quarters of an hour—he went down on the ground, and pulled the pocket from under the prosecutrix's clothes—I took it from him—there were six or

seven of them in company—It had four half-crowns, a farthing, and towel in it—I took eighteen shillings from his fob.

Prisoner's Defence. I saw it on the ground as I was going through the fair—directly I got it in my hand the man shoved me on my back, and then they say I was kneeling on the ground—both the officers pulled me up—I was lying flat on my back—It is not likely I should go down there to be trampled to death—I was not kneeling down at all.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
