



1465. 




ELIZABETH DAVIS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
27th of May, 6 half-crowns, 4 shillings, and 5 sixpences, the monies of 



James Watkins.






JAMES WATKINS
. I live in Brewer-street, Golden-square. Between twelve and one o'clock in the morning of the 17th of May, I met the prisoner in Long-acre, and went with her to No. 1l. Phoenix-alley, Long-acre—I gave her half-a-crown, and the woman of the house a shilling—I had 1l. 1s. 6d. in my pocket at that time—I am sure of that—I put it into my left-hand trowsers pocket, with my handkerchief—I undressed, and went to bed—the prisoner did not—I slept about half-an-hour, when the servant came and knocked at the door, and asked me if I was aware the prisoner was gone—I found her gone, and instantly missed my money from my trowsers—I had never seen her before, but I am sure she is the person.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Were you quite sober? A. Not exactly quite sober—I had been drinking a little, but I was quite sensible, and knew perfectly well what I was about—I had 1l. 2s. 1 1/2 d. when I went to her lodging—I had more than that when I left home, but I did not count it—I am a journeyman painter—I had been at work at a shop in Lincoln's-inn-fields—I received my wages, 30s., on this Saturday night, a sovereign and a half-sovereign—I had a pint of ale, and a glass of rum-and-water, which came to 9d., before I met the prisoner, and paid 4s. which I owed—I changed both the sovereign and the half-sovereign, as I wanted silver to pay my landlady—I left my master's, after receiving my wages, about a quarter to ten o'clock—I went with the prisoner between twelve and one o'clock—I had not been all that time at the public-house—I had been walking about to different places, where I wanted to see one or two of my shopmates—I believe the servant at the

brothel saw me with the half-crowns—I pot them out, and counted them, as soon as I got into the room—I will not be positive whether the servant was then in the room—I put them into my pocket, put my handkerchief at the top, pushed it tight in, folded my trowsers up close by the chair and went to bed—the prisoner was to stop all night, but would not take off her clothes, only her bonnet—she did lie on the bed—I am not married—I went to sleep almost directly, for I had been out late the night before, and was very tired—when I awoke the prisoner was at the top of the stairs, with the servant, who came and knocked at the door.





SARAH WEEDON
. I am servant at No. 11, Phoenix-alley, London. The prosecutor and prisoner came there between twelve and one o'clock and about half an hour or three-quarters of an hour afterwards I met the prisoner on the stairs—she told me she was going—I said I could not allow her to go till I had acquainted the young man—she returned to the room-door with me, and while I was knocking at the door, she went down stairs—he asked me if she was in the house—I said, "Yes"—he said, "I have been robbed"—he did not stop to dress, but went down stairs, and before he could reach the bottom, the prisoner was gone—his trowsers were lying on the hearth-rug, and three halfpence were lying by the side of then.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you go into the room with them when they came? A. No farther than the door, not np to the room where they were—I received 1s. for the room from the prosecutor—he took it out of his pocket—I did not see any other money—I did not go to the room till I met the prisoner on the stairs.





FREDERICK COLE
 (police-constable E 32.) The prosecutor gave charge of the prisoner to me, at the corner of Lascelles-court, the following morning, about a quarter to eleven o'clock—she denied ever having sees him before, or ever having been in the street—she was asked how much money she had about her—she said, "Eight shillings"—she was then pot into the hands of a female searcher.





ANN THORNTON
. I searched the prisoner, and found five half-crowns, 1s. 6d., and 3d. in copper, tied up in a corner of her handkerchief—she told me she had told the Inspector she had but 8s. about her.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seren Years.
