





1983. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     STEWART
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of August
, 6 sovereigns, and 6 half-sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Martin
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Martin
                     



.


                  JOHN 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am shopman
 to my sister, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Martin
               



            , who keeps a clothes-shop in Robert-street, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square


; she rents the house - I sleep in the kitchen; I got up on the 8th of August, about seven o'clock, and about eight I took this money from my coat pocket, and put it into my box in the kitchen, in a paper; there was 28l. in gold - I locked the box, and the kitchen door, and took both keys with me; the prisoner lived in the same house - she brought a man there as her husband; I missed my money about ten o'clock at night- the kitchen door had been opened by a key; the box was broken open - the paper was not taken, but six sovereigns, and six half-sovereigns were taken out of it; I gave the prisoner in charge next morning - I was in the shop, but did not go out; it might have been taken directly I got up stairs.


                  MARY 
                  PARSONS
               



            . I live in this house. On the Wednesday morning in question, the prisoner came to me, between eleven and twelve o'clock, and said she had some work for me; I do needle-work - she opened a parcel and gave me a bombasin dress to make; she went out after dinner with her sister-in-law, and brought me a bonnet to trim - we had tea, and she asked me to go out with her; she bought various articles, paid some bills, and appeared flush of money - she came to me in the morning, and said, "What a fuss there is, the landlord of the house has been robbed, and I am suspected;" she told me not to mention what she had done, but I told the truth - after this she brought me down a basket full of things to conceal, and placed them under my bed with her own hands.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS
               



            . I am a Policeman. The prosecutor gave the prisoner into custody for stealing nine sovereigns; she denied the charge - the prosecutor's sister went down and brought up these articles, and no sooner did the prisoner see them, than she said, "Well I bought them, I took but two sovereigns and a half, and laid them out in these articles;" she said she took the two sovereigns and a half off the table.


                  THOMAS 
                  FARRANT
               



            , I am a Policeman. I received the prisoner in charge; on the way to the station-house, she told me she had unlocked the door with her own key, and took two sovereigns and a half off the table; I found her key fitted the lock.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
