





1008. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods 
                     
                        
                           Frederick Arthur 
                           Magnay
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  ARTHUR MAGNAY
               



            . I live with my brother, in College-hill. On Sunday, the 17th of April, about a quarter-past twelve o'clock, I was walking with my brother in Queen-street


, and had a handkerchief in my pocket, marked F. M. I had left home about five minutes; it was safe then; I did not feel it taken, but my brother asked if it was safe - I felt my pocket, and it was gone, and in about a minute I saw the prisoner in company with two others, about his own age - the others were laid hold of, and the prisoner ran away - my brother and I followed him; I saw him in about eight minutes in my brother's custody - I saw my handkerchief down in a cellar, and the servant gave it to me; I know it to be atime.
MR. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  MAGNAY
               



            . I was walking with my brother up Queen-street, and saw three lads following us - on a sudden I felt a slight touch at my elbow; I turned round, and accused them of picking my pocket, which was not the case - I then asked my brother if his pocket had not been picked; two of them immediately said, "You may search me;" the prisoner, who was the third, immediately ran away, and I after him - I merely lost sight of him in turning the corners; I am confident he is the person - I laid hold of him in about eight minutes, at the corner of Turnwheel-lane, but he had thrown the handkerchief down Mr. Hale's area - I did not see him do that, but am certain he ran by there; it was only just round the corner - my brother saw it in the area; when the prisoner was stopped he asked what business I had to call Stop thief! after him, and when he found we had got the handkerchief he endeavoured to get out of his coat and run off.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUGGINS
               



            . I am a printseller. I was returning from St. Paul's, and in Cannon-street I saw the prisoner run up Turnwheel-lane, and in about two minutes saw Mr. Magnay running after him - I saw him turn round the corner, take something out of his bosom, and throw it down the area of Mr. Hale's house; he immediately turned back, and met Mr. Magnay - I looked down, and saw the handkerchief lay there; he denied the charge, and said he had not got the handkerchief about him, and did not know why Mr. Magnay pursued him - the handkerchief was produced from the area.
- - - - I am a constable. The prisoner was given into my charge with the handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
