





294. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     CATER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December
, 4 lbs. of plums, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  David 
                  Levy
               




             and another.


                  JOHN 
                  LEVY
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  David 
                  Levy
               



            , who has a partner; they are general merchants
, in Botolph-lane


. -Having been robbed to a considerable extent I desired our foreman to look out.
JOSEPH ASHEY. I am the prosecutor's foreman. On the morning of the 16th of December the prisoner came to the door, and asked if we had any speckled melons - I said No; he asked if I should have any next morning - I said I thought not; he said he was sorry for it, and went up the lane; I left the warehouse, and went to No. 38, which commands a view of our door - I went up stairs. and was sent for in a quarter an hour, and found the prisoner the custody of Fitt.
JAMES THOMAS FITT. I am in Levy's employ. I saw the prisoner come in about half-past seven o'clock in the morning; he inquired the price of imperial French plums - another man told him; Mr. Levy was not in the warehouse - he proposed to wait, and desired to see some eighth boxes of imperials, which the other man desired me to show him, and while I was doing so the prisoner came behind me, and looked at some cartoons - I turned round, and saw him put a cartoon under his coat; it contained 4 lbs, of French plums - he then declined having any plums, saying they were too dear, and walked out into the street; I followed, and took him in the street with the plums - he put them down on a bag of nuts, after I secured him; I cannot swear that the same were given to the constable.
CHARLES WEIR. I am a constable, and took charge of the box of plums; the prisoner said he did not intend to steal them, he only meant to go to the show board to look at them.
MR. LEVY. The box was delivered to me - I know it to be the same.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to inquire for speckled melons - I then went to Mr. Wright's, and bought one hundred oranges; I returned to this warehouse, and asked to see a box of imperials - I have dealt there nearly sevenyears: he was opening a box - I said, "Never mind, here is one open - let me look at this;" I took it up, and went to the show-board - my basket stood at the door with lemons and oranges; I went to the door with the box in my hand - he laid hold of me, and said I was going to steal it.
JAMES THOMAS FITT. He had got off the steps, and was in the street, going away towards Thames-street - he had a basket in his hand when I took him; his baskets were within our warehouse.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
