





1973. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BENNETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 2 seals, value 4l., and 1 key, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Newton
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN NEWTON. I am a coal-meter
. About three o'clock on Sunday morning, on the 17th of October, I was returning home from a dinner in the City, at which I had been steward, which caused me to be out late - we dined about seven o'clock; I was not particularly sober, but was completely sensible - I knew what I was doing; I was going right home to Daniel-street, Bethnal-green - I do not remember the prisoner, but two women accosted me in Norton-falgate, and wished me to go home with them; I came up to the Policeman, and told him to send them away - when I got on to the corner of Church-street I saw two women, who, I believe, were the same; they accosted me again, followed me down Church-street


, came before me, and one of them pulled out my watch - they ran off, I pursued them, and called Watch! two Policemen followed me - I pursued the women till they came to a court; the Policemen went up there, and found the prisoner in one of the houses, with my watch - I could run, and did run.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARROW
               



            . I saw this gentleman, the prisoner, and another girl, come down Shoreditch; they turned down Church-street, and just as they got to the second lamp the prosecutor called Watch! the prisoner and another ran into Nichol-street, and up a court - I followed, and searched two houses, but could not find any one; I went into a third house, and tried one door - I could not get in there; I opened another door, and found the prisoner on the stairs - I said, "Give me the watch"- she said, "For God's sake, don't hurt me;" I said,"Give me the watch," and she gave it me.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLOUGHBY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was on duty in Church-street, and heard a call of Watch! and Stop thief! I saw the prisoner run up Cross-street and to Nichol-street, and then into Shepherd's-court - we went into a house, and found the prisoner, as has been stated; I saw her give up the watch.


                  GEORGE 
                  HARRINGTON
               



            . I saw the prisoner, and a woman named Butcher, talking to the prosecutor about half an hour before this; I took Butcher, but the bill was thrown out against her.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
