





Before Mr. Justice Gaselec.
186. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RUTLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Leonhard 
                        Sarbourg
                     




                  , on the 21st of December
, at St. Martin in the Fields, and stealing therein 4 decanters, value 14s.; 1 decanter-stand, value, 3s.; and 2 saltcellars, - value 3s., his property
            .
LEONHARD SARBOURG. I am an embroiderer
, and live at No. 22, Great May's-buildings, St. Martin's-lane


, in the parish of St. Martin in the Fields. On the 21st of December, a gentleman came to me on business after six o'clock in the evening, and I let him out of my house between six and seven, I think it was not later than half-past six - I shut the front door after him myself - I did not bolt it, I only latched it - I am quite sure the door was fast, I am so used to the door, I know it was perfectly fast - I went into the back parlour, where we sat at work, my wife and another person were there - I lost that night four decanters, in a plated stand, and two glass saltcellars - I missed them between six and half-past six o'clock, as near as I can tell - I had not been out of the back parlour, after letting the gentleman out, till I heard of the robbery - my wife discovered it.
MARY SARBOURG. I am the wife of Leonhard Sarbourg - I remember my husband letting the gentleman out of the house, and coming into the back parlour, between six and seven o'clock - there was an apprentice in the back parlour with us - I felt a drift of wind, and could hear the noise plainer, and found the street-door was open - I said the street-door was open - another person went into the passage before me, and from what she said, I went into the passage, and found the front parlour-door open, and as I went out the prisoner came out of the front parlour - he ran into the street and I after him, calling "stop thief," till he was stopped by Bennett, the policeman - I saw him pull the two saltcellars out of his pocket - this was on Saturday evening - I had not taken particular notice of them since the Friday evening - they were kept in the front parlour - the apprentice went into the passage first, and directly she said the parlour door was open, I ran out and could see that the apprentice did not open the street-door - I could see it was open before she got to it.
Prisoner. Q.Did you lose the property at the time stated in the indictment? A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am a policeman. I heard a cry of "stop thief," on the evening of the 21st of December, between six and seven o'clock - I saw the prisoner running towards me, Mrs. Sarbourg was pursuing him - I stopped him - I took hold of both his hands - he requested me to release one - I did not, but took him into the public house, and asked what he had got - he said, "I have two saltcellars" - I took them from him - these are them - they have been in my custody ever since.
MRS. SARBOURG. I know these, they are chipped - I have had them near upon two years - I have sancers which they fit in at home - I never found the decanters - somebody must have got out before him - the decatnters were in the front room - I had seen them on the Friday evening about ten o'clock.
MR. SARBOURG. When I let the gentleman out, the front parlour-door was shut - I did not try whether it was locked, but I am certain it was shut. I know these salts.
MRS. SARBOURG. I felt the drift coming in at the street-door, about three minutes before I went out.
Prisoner's Defence. I beg most respectfully to acquaint you, that on the night named in the indictment, business called me to Gloucester-place, Regent's-park; as I went up May's-buildings, I met three men running in an opposite direction - they knocked me down, and, on getting up, I met a policeman, who took me to a public-house, to search me. I told him I had only a pair of glass salts, which I had bought about fifteen days ago; I had bought them to present to a person to whom I was engaged in marriage. I was never in custody before. The prosecutrix may easily be deceived by others of a like description.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
