





1448. 
               
                  
                     JEMIMA 
                     FULLER
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on 1st of April
, 30 yards of calico, value 12s.; 5 yards of lace, value 5s.; 2 mugs, value 15s.; and 1 pocketbook, 2s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           de Choiseul
                        




                     
                  , her mistress
            .



                  MARY 
                  DE CHOISEUL
               



            . The prisoner came into my service on the 30th of December - in April, I had some calico lace, and a pocket-book - I missed the pocket-book about a month after she came into my service - I missed lace, three or four months ago, and several pieces of calico - in the course of my conversation with her, on the 21st of September, I asked her for the keys of her boxes - I found them in her pocket by her bed-side - I opened her boxes - I do not know whether it was on the same day, but I believe it was; and in the boxes I found some calico - she was not present; she was ill in bed - I saw the mistress of the house find the calico in a box in the prisoner's room - it was mine - there was my own mark on it - I had written eight yards" on one piece, and "four yards" on the other - I marked it myself - I found a cap of hers, made up, trimwith some lace the same as mine, and which I believe to be mine - I have part of the lace here to compare with it - it is the caul of a cap - I found the pocket-book in her bag, when I found the money - I am certain the calico is mine - I have the lace now - here is the cap I found in her box, and here is a piece of lace which was in my possession, and which I believe to be part of the same - I missed as much lace as is in this cap, and a good deal more - this calico has "eight yards" on it, in my handwriting; and here is the other piece, with "four yards" on it in my handwriting in pencil - this pocket-book is my property - I suspected my old servant - when I had examined the prisoner's boxes I went down to the prisoner and spoke to her - after telling her I would forgive her if she would give me my money back, I went up stairs and found these things - I then came down to her, and said, "Oh for shame, Fuller! how could you let me accuse the other servant of the things which have been found in your box?" - (I had frequently accused my other servant of it in her presence) - she made no answer to what I said.
Prisoner. That calico is my own; if there is any mark on it, it has been put on since, for I bought it at Paul and Rout's, in Oxford-street - when she found the things she told me she would freely forgive me, and I should go home, if I would not say any thing about it. Witness. I never did.


                  MARY 
                  ANN ABEL
               



            . I was formerly in the service of the prosecutrix - I left on the 30th of December - the prisoner succeeded me - I left, I believe, about an hour before she came - I was present when the prosecutrix bought some calico, but I cannot say I can swear to it - I was present when she bought some in Tottenham-court-road, and some at Swansea - I have been in the service of Mr. Twyford, the magistrate, ever since - I was suspected of having taken things from the prosecutrix - on my oath, I never took any thing from her in my life - I sewed some calico at Swansea for her - this piece is exactly like my work, and it is the same sort of calico, but I will not swear to my work - it is done in the same way as I sewed it.
MRS. DE CHOISEUL. Abel is the girl I accused of taking the things after she had left.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody, on the 24th of September - the articles produced were delivered to me that day, and have never been out of my possession - the marks were on them then - I heard the prosecutrix mention the marks, but I did not notice them myself.
Prisoner's Defence. The cap is made off a piece which my mistress gave me out of her drawer, before we went to Bath, and the calico is my own - they are different pieces; one is 6 1/2d. a yard, and the other is 4 1/2d.
MRS. DE CHOISEUL. I never gave her a piece of lace at all.



               GUILTY
            . - Aged 18. 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
