






First London Jury. before Mr. Recorder.
1795. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LEWIS
                  




               
             were 


               indicted for a misdemeanor
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                     BENJAMIN 
                     JONES
                  




               
            . I am a slopseller
, and live at No. 10, Glasshouse-yard, Minories


. I had known the prisoner Smith five or six days before this transaction; I had advanced him money - I am in the habit of advancing seamen

 who come into port, money or clothes before they receive their wages, and selling my goods at a profit as others do - on the 19th of July
 the two prisoners came to my house; I was not at home when they came, but when I came in Smith said, "Jones, I promised you if I should fall in with any of my shipmates, I would bring them to you to let them have clothes till pay-day" - he said Lewis was 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Morgan
               



            ; I am sure of that, and sure that Lewis is the man - he introduced him as wanting clothing till pay-day, which I gave him - I knew Smith belonged to the Lady Melville, an East Indiaman, according to his own account, and I wrote to Mr. King to know if any body named Thomas Morgan was a seaman on board that ship; I was satisfied that there was - Lewis put his mark, as Morgan, to the order for clothes, in the presence of Smith; I have it here - in consequence of Smith's representation, I believed Lewis to be morgan, and furnished him with a jacket, waistcoat and trousers, two pairs of shoes, a cotton shirt, a black silk handkerchief, a bat, and a cotton handkerchief; Smith said to Lewis, "Tom, you owe me a pair of shoes on the voyage, and while you are here you may as well let Jones give me a pair, and put them down to you" - I am sure he called him Tom; he had them, and I put them to Morgan's account - I had a few days before advanced Smith 30s., which he repaid me afterwards at the India-house; I have never been paid for these clothes.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. From your manner of detailing the transaction, I take it for granted the prisoners were the only persons present? A. William Smith, the poulterer, of the same ship, was present - the prisoner, Smith, introduced him also as a customer- 
               
                  Henry 
                  Solomons
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Emanuel
               



             were also in theroom transacting my business; Smith paid me the 30s. about the 22nd or 23rd; I am not a crimp, and do not know what is - I should like to have it explained; I always understood it to be a recruiting serjeant for the army - a person who sends his servants on board ships to sell goods before the sailors have their wages, is not a crimp - I know Daniel Price; he was not present, I swear - not in the apartment I was transacting business; he was down below - he went before the Justice of his own voluntary - if it had not been for him, I should not have known that Morgan was Lewis; the Lord Mayor said there was no occasion to take his recognizance - he was examined and sworn; I cannot say whether what he said was taken down; Emanuel is a person who comes to transact business with me, and he at times does business for me; he at times brings a man to fit him out, and he received a benefit from it - he is not in my employ; he did not go on board the Melville on my account - I never sent him; I know he was at Gravesend, but to what ship he went I cannot say - he was not there on my business; he did not advance money to the prisoner for me - he is not in partnership with me, nor my agent; Smith borrowed the 30s. of me about the 10th or 12th of July, but I have not my book, and cannot tell the date - it is entered in my book; it was paid three or four days after the 19th; when the prisoners came I was out at Leaf, Son and Cos; Old Change, purchasing goods: Solomons and Hart keep my books; William Smith had 1l. in money, and a suit of clothes, on the 19th of July, and paid on pay-day.
Q. You was not at dinner when this happened? A. No; a pot of porter was sent for while the order was made out, for Morgan to send to King, the agent of the Melville, to ascertain if money was due to Morgan, and on receiving the answer I gave him credit; I have the note here - no more porter was drank, to my knowledge; I sent for no more: I do not know Pesman and Quicksey- I have heard of them, and went to school with them; I know where one of them lives, but was never at either of their houses; William Smith's debt was between 5l. and 6l. - Lewis signed the order on the first floor, in the room where he received the clothing; it was in an open room, not in a corner - Smith stood over him, and saw him do it; Solomons wrote the name of Morgan, and Lewis put his mark to it; William Smith and the prisoner Smith were both in the room during the transaction, but whether 
               
                  William 
                  Smith
               



             went down afterwards I cannot say.
Q. Do you remember 
               
                  William 
                  Smith
               



             calling to either of the defendants after going down? A. Not going down, but in the room; he told Lewis not to take any clothing, as he did not want any - he did not call him by any name; he did not call them when he was down stairs - he did not call out, "Smith, are you coming," to my recollection.
Q. And was not the answer "Yes, directly I can get Lewis?" A. Never; the name Lewis was not mentioned, or I should not have transacted the business: nor did Smith afterwards say, "Lewis, are you ready;" no such words passed - I have made loans to perhaps twenty or twenty-five of the Melville crew; I cannot say exactly - I am sure there were not fifty; I had no dinner that day - I never mind dinner if I can get money - they all three went up stairs together, to be supplied with clothes; Lewis was sober, he put his clothing on when I gave it him - he had the same jacket, shirt, and trousers on when before the Lord Mayor.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Lewis did not appear as he does now, almost naked? A. He had a frock on; Solomons saw him sign the paper as Morgan - the advances made to you came to 5l. exactly.
Lewis. Q. Was I ever in your house before this occurrence? A. Not to my knowledge, but I have so many seamen; I never sent an agent on board the Melville, who advanced you 10s.; I did not authorise King to advance 10s. to him on my account.


                  HENRY 
                  SOLOMONS
               



            . I was at Mr. Jones' when the prisoners were there; I wrote the order, and read it out to them - this is it (looking at it) - the name of Thomas Morgan was written first, and Lewis then put his mark to it; Jones appeared sober, and so did both the priprisoners - the order was read out to Lewis; I then asked him to put his name to it - he said he could not write, but could make his mark; I then asked his name - he said 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Morgan
               



            ; I accordingly wrote Thomas Morgan; he then made his mark to it - I am certain he did that in Smith's presence.
Cross-examined. Q. Who was present? A. Mr. Jones, the two prisoners, Emanuel, myself, and Smith, the poulterer; I am not acquainted with Emanuel's business - I believe he has business with master at times - I know nothing of his being master's agent for the Melville; I saw him assisting in taking out the goods the men were to have - I cannot say whether he had any profit from them; I never saw Lewis before the 19th - I never knew Emanuel advance money on master's account; I never heard so - I saw Daniel Price there on the 19th, before the prisoners were served with the clothes; he was not in the room, but down stairs - he was before the Lord Mayor; I cannot say who took him there - he gave some evidence; I do not know what crimp means - I understand it is a recruiting serjeant; I do not under the term bumboating.
Lewis. Q. Previous to that day, did you not accompany me from Jones' to King's, with a note to check 10s. off my account which was paid me by Jones on board the Melville? A. No, I never did; I never saw any Thomas Morgan at Jones' but yourself - Price was at the house on the 19th, but I cannot say whether it was at the same time as you, if any thing, it was a few minutes before - I was there when you first came in; I do not remember Jones being at dinner - I think he was at home when they first came, but I cannot speak with certainly.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. In what part of the house were you when you were called down to the prisoners - were you in the same room with them when they came? A. Yes; I do not recollect whether Jones was there; I was not at all intoxicated.


                  CHARLES 
                  MORRIS KING
               



            . I am agent for the Lady Melville; I knew Thomas Morgan, a seaman on board; neither of the prisoners are that man; both the prisoners performed a voyagein that ship, and came to England - they knew Morgan, he performed the voyage with them; I never knew Lewis by the name of Morgan; the ship arrived on the 10th of July, and I paid Lewis that very day 16l. 1s., which were the wages due to him in full - an order was sent to me respecting the wages due to Thomas Morgan - there was above 5l. due to him then; he was a quarter-master - Lewis is a common seaman; I know he can write, for I produce a power of attorney which he signed in my presence - I am the subscribing witness to it; he signed "
               
                  John 
                  Lewis
               



            ;" this was on the 10th of July - there is no resemblance between Lewis and Morgan; Morgan is an infirm old man.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known Smith? A. Six or seven years; I know nothing against him; I knew him in the Princess Charlotte and another vessel - I know Emanuel; I cannot tell whether he was agent to Jones - neither he nor Jones received any part of Lewis' wages.
Lewis. Q. Was not Emanuel on board the vessel before it came up to Gravesend, with Jones' direction on pieces of paper? A. Emanuel was sent on board the ship by me, and advanced Lewis 10s. to pay his expences ashore - he came to me subsequently, and received the balance; Jones had nothing to do with it - Emanuel was there as my servant.
Q. Was I put to bed drunk in your house? A. No; you were perfectly sober, and the moment you had the money you left, and said you were going to take the Bristol coach to go to Ireland - I met him a few days after; he said he had lost his wages, and I gave him half a crown.
Lewis. I was put to bed drunk at his house, and can prove it; I was robbed of every farthing of my wages in the house - King and Jones are partners - Jones' notes mention his name and address; he said his practice was, that part of what he advanced should be spent in his house. Witness. I keep a public-house at No.55, St. Mary-axe; he never complained of losing money there; he left directly he was paid - when I met him afterwards, he did not say he was robbed in my house.
JURY. Q. Which of Jones' young men brought you the order to obtain the money belonging to Morgan? A. That I cannot tell; this slip of paper was produced to me to ascertain what it was due to Morgan, not for me to pay it; I turned to the ledger, and sent an account of the balance.
HENRY SOLOMONS. I wrote this inquiry note about the wages - I did not take it to King (read)
Sir, - Please to deliver to bearer my note for balance of wages due to me for services on board the Honourable Company's ship Lady Melville. 
               T. 
            MORGAN X his mark.
MR. KING. Morgan can write - his receipt for wages is in Court; he received his wages at the India-house on the 22nd - I was not aware till that time that he could write, and it frequently happens that seamen are disposed to write, and at other times to make a mark - I have no doubt Jones' cards were on board the Melville; I do not know whether Emanuel distributed them - there are cards of a great many slopsellers distributed as soon as a ship arrives.


                  RICHARD 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am witnessing clerk in the pay-office, at the East India-house. on the 22nd of July 18l. 9s. was paid in my presence to Thomas Morgan, of the Melville - he signed the receipt in my presence - he was quarter-master: there was no other Thomas Morgan on board - Lewis is not that man.
Lewis. Q. Who received my wages? A. John Wright, by power of attorney - Lewis had had them before.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. The company pay on a particular day? A. Yes; the agents may advance it before.
MR. KING. I paid Lewis 16l. 1s. on the 10th of July, by virtue of the power of attorney - the persons advancing it would receive it on the 22nd, at the India-house.
MR. CLARKSON addressed the Court and Jury on behalf of the prisoner Smith.
Lewis' Defence. Before I came ashore King and Jones' agents were on board, and each man thought proper to accept of 10s. on condition that they were to leave their things in their custody till pay-day; I was one of the unfortunate number - I gave my clothes, hammock, and bag, to Jone's man, and never saw a stitch of them again - I went up to Jones' the very day I went about this, and spoke about it - there were eight Jews in the house; they knocked me down, tore my things off, and locked me in the room - I went out for an officer, and then they ran out; I spoke about my clothes, and they gave me in charge; when pay-day came I never received a farthing, except 3l. which I received from King - I got drunk in his house that morning, and had but 5s.; I have not received a farthing more, though I have been away nineteen months, not even the clothes I brought ashore.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was on board the Lady Melville; the prisoners were in the same vessel - I did not see a man come on board at Gravesend; I went, on the 19th, with the defendants to Jones'; Lewis was drunk - Jones was at home up in his room when we got there; Smith told Jones he had brought him two men that wanted money and clothes - a crimp is a man who comes on board on purpose to take poor sailors in; Jones said he was very much obliged to him - some porter was sent for; it was about three pots - I am sure there was more than one; we all partook of it, Jones and all - Jones said he could not wait on us just then, for he was going down to take his dinner; he took us down with him into his room, and then he sent for the porter - I did not see Emanuel there; I saw Daniel Price and Solomons; we were all in the room with Jones while he dined, and then I and Jones went up; we did not all go up together - I had a jacket, trousers, waistcoat, hat, and a sovereign, which came to between 5l. and 6l.; I paid him when my wages became due; and as I came down stairs I met Smith, Lewis, and Price going up into the room; I had left Jones and Solomons in the room - I went up in about half an hour and called out,"Jack Smith are you ready;" he told me he was coming as soon as Lewis was ready - that was loud enough for Jones and Solomons to hear; I went down, then went up again, called Smith, and he said he was coming as soon as Lewis was ready - it was loud enough for any body to hear; I heard Lewis tell Smith he owed him a pair of shoes, to take a pair, and he would pay for them - I was on the top of the stairs; Emanuel is now outside the Court- I did not see him in the house; I went before the Magistrate one day - Price was there.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You are Smith, the poulterer? A. Yes - I know Thomas Morgan; he was gunner's mate, not quarter-master - he is an old man: there was only one Thomas Morgan on board - Lewis was quite drunk whenhe went to Jones; Jones told him several times to hold his tongue, for he did not know what he was talking about.
Q. Was he so drunk that an honest man would not like to make a bargain with him? A. No, I should not - he staggered about the street when we first came out; Jones investigated who I was before he gave me money - he did not inquire if any money was due to me; Lewis recollected about owing Smith the shoes, drunk as he was.
COURT. Q. Did you tell him he was too drunk to make a bargain? A. No, nor did Smith say so - he was sober.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you not, on the pay-day at the India-house, say to Jones, "I hope you don't think I had a hand in the business?" A. I did not; Jones said,"Smith, I don't want you, I think you are an honest man."
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did Smith, in your hearing, call"Lewis Morgan,"? A. I did not hear him; I was present when he introduced him - he did not use any name.
Lewis. Q. Did not both you and Smith call me by my own name while Jones was at dinner? A. Both of us did.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Confined Six Months
            .
LEWIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
