





1197. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     YOUNG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of June
, 1 hat, value 10s.; 1 shirt pin, value 5s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.; 1 sovereign, 1 half sovereign, and 8 shillings, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Carr
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            . (See Sixth Sess. p. 615.)


                  JAMES 
                  CARR
               



            . I am a gentleman's servant
; on the 28th of June, I was out of place; I was at Covent-garden market from four o'clock that morning, till between five and six o'clock; I went to a public house near there, and I saw the prisoner - I gave him some ale, and stopped with him about twenty minutes; we then went to Broad-street, Bloomsbury


; he asked me to give him something more to drink, and I gave him some beer - I stopped there from a quarter before seven o'clock, till nearly eight o'clock; I sat in a box; the prisoner said he was out of place, and had been for so a long time, and he had not a farthing of money of his own - I went to sleep, and when I awoke, the prisoner was gone; I missed my hat, a pair of white gloves, and a breast pin, which had been in my shirt; I missed eight shillings from my trousers pocket, and a sovereign and a half from my fob - I found my fob turned inside out - I know I had the sovereign and a half safe in the morning, and the silver when I paid for the porter.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. How long had you been out of place? A. Since last September; I had been in the country with my father, and returned to London about a fortnight - I was lodging in Earl-street, Manchester-square; I had gone that morning to see Covent-garden market - I had not been drinking, till I drank with the prisoner; after we had the ale at the first house, I said, I was going to the West-end, and he said, he would walk with me - I did not propose to go into any other house till he asked me - there was some tossing up in the house near Covent-garden, but I did not toss nor did the prisoner - we spoke to the persons who were tossing - I don't recollect any person being in the public house in St. Giles' but a female behind the bar; we sat in a little box behind the bar door - I cannot tell how long I slept, I think it was nearly an hour; I had not told him to stop; I found him the next day in Portland-road - I heard that he returned to the public house the next day.


                  MARY 
                  ANN PHILLIPS
               



            . I live with my brother, 
               
                  John 
                  Phillips
               



            , he keeps the George and Crown - I know the prisoner by his frequently coming to the house - I saw him come with the prosecutor on the 18th of June; I served them with two pints of porter which the prosecutor paid for - the prisoner went out and returned in ten minutes; he then went out again and staid about a quarter of an hour; he then came in and sat down by the prosecutor - there was no one else with the prosecutor, he was asleep, his head was laying down on the table - the prisoner asked me for a glass of gin, but he did not drink it, he went and sat down by the prosecutor for twelve minutes or a quarter of an hour, he then got up, drank his gin, and went away; I know the prosecutor had a hat on when he first came in, but I don't know whether he had when the prisoner came in the second time - I remember the prisoner asking me for water, and I referred him to the pump, but he did not go to the pump, he sat down by the prosecutor - some women came in, but they did not sit down, no one else went into the box - when the prosecutor awoke, he said he had lost his hat; I said, perhaps the young man had taken it, he then complained of the loss of his money - I saw the prisoner the next morning about five o'clock, with a good hat on; I did not notice his hat the day before.
Cross-examined. Q. How large is the bar? A. It is a good size; the box would hold about six persons - our house opens early, we have a good many cab men in a morning - I know no one came into the bar that morning for I never left it; I was cleaning up - about three women came in at different times; I do not know whether they were women of the town - I do not know whether the prosecutor was there asleep; the box is rather hidden from my view - I know the women did not go to the box - the prisoner came there the next morning, nearly tispy, and offered to change a hat.


                  ANN 
                  SINGLE
               



            . I am servant at the George and Crown. On the morning of 18th of June, I went in the bar for a pail of water; I saw the prisoner and prosecutor sitting close together in a box, the prosecutor was then asleep - I afterwards went to the pump again, which was about a yard from where they sat; the prisoner had some silver in his hand, and a pair of white gloves; he was counting the silver and keeping it under the table, because I should not see it - the prosecutor's head was laying on the table, I cannot say whether he was asleep - I saw the prisoner go out in a short time, but I did not see him return.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLINGS
               



             (police-constable E 141). On the 19th of June I took the prisoner - I went with him and the prosecutor to the magistrate; in going along I was asking the prosecutor about it and the prisoner said I had no right to ask him any questions; I said, I had a right to ask him any, but the prisoner none - the prisoner at first said he knew nothing of it, but he afterwards said he was very drunk.
Cross-examined. Q. You searched him? A. Yes, I found nothing on him but a bad sixpence.
Prisoner. When I went into the public-house the prosecutor was standing there


                  JAMES 
                  CARR
               



            . No, you was there when I went in with a young man named Wheeler, you was the only person there - I did not go to any public-house in Hart-street, or to any other house till we got to Broad-street, and there you asked me to treat you again; I said I was out of a situation and could ill afford it, but I would give you some beer - I was never at the tread-mill with Wheeler; I was once kept back on a parochial affair, and there I saw him, and I recognized him again at the public-house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
