



1952. 




WILLIAM OWEN
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




John Thomas Willey, on the 
16th of August, at 
St. Pancras, and stealing therein 1 coat, value 15s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 2s.; 1 shirt, value 5s.; and 1 hat, value 1s.; his goods.






ANN WILLEY
. I am the wife of John Thomas Willey, a professor of music, in Alderman-terrace, St. Pancars. On the 16th of August, about half-past six o'clock in the morning, I was called up by a policeman—I know when I went to bed the parlour window was down, but not fastened—the blind was down—the shutters were not closed—I went down, and found the prisoner in custody—the policeman had the property stated in the indictment—it had been safe in the parlour the night before—I found the things removed—the prisoner was quite a stranger.





SHADRICK VARNEY
. I am carman to Mr. Martin, and live in Cromer-street. I went to the stable at five o'clock in the morning, and went with the cart to Battle-bridge, and saw the prisoner standing opposite the prosecutor's house—I returned to the stable with the cart, and at a quarter-past six o'clock, I saw him standing where he was before—I passed by three doors, and saw a young man come out of the prosecutor's street-door with a

bundle under his arm—he pulled the door to, crossed over, and gave the bundle to the prisoner—I saw the parlour window half-open—this was at quarter before seven o'clock—the prisoner put the bundle under his right arm, and they both ran up a street almost opposite—I saw them looking after me, as I was going along with the cart—I saw a man, and gave him information to go to the policeman—I got out of my cart, and kept sight of the prisoner—the policeman went one way, and I went her other, and met them together by St. Pancras Church—the prisoner had the bundle then under his arm—I said, "Stop, that don't belong to you; you got it from Alderman-terrace"—he said no; he picked it up out of a garden—I said, "I saw you bring it from a house"—he threw it down, and both ran away—the other made his escape, and I never lost sight of the prisoner till the policeman took him.





DANIEL DONOVAN
. I have heard Varney's evidence; it is correct—I saw the prisoner running before him—he had the bundle in his hand—I am sure he is the boy.





CHARLES GRINHAM
. I was at the station-house about seven o'clock, when the prisoner was brought in, the said he lived at Spread Eagle-court Gray's-inn-lane—I went there within an hour of the robbery, but could not find the other lad; but in the room I found this hat, which is Part of the property stolen.





ANN WILLEY

re-examined. I left the property all secure when I went to bed, about half-past twelve o'clock—I am certain the window was down when I went to bed, but not fastened—we have a maid-servant, but she was not up, and could not have opened the window—this hat was in the parlour—it is my husband's.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going to work, and this boy came—I met him with the bundle under his arm—he threw it over a garden—I afterwards went and got it, and brought it along—he met the carman and threw it down, as he was afraid of him—I was going straight on to my work.




GUILTY
.* Aged 13.—


Transported For Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
