



1886. 




RICHARD STANLEY
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




James Thomas Reynolds, about the hour of one in the night of the 
20th of July, at 
St. Mary, Matfelon, alias White chapel, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 bag, value 2d.; 1 purse, value 2s.; 5 pieces of foreign silver coin, value 1s.; 5 pieces of foreign copper coin, value 3d.; 6 guineas, 3 half-guineas, 1 seven-shilling piece, 1 double sovereign, 30 sovereigns, and 19 half-sovereigns; his goods and monies.







JAMES THOMAS REYNOLDS
. I keep the Horns, public-house, in High street, in the parish of Whitechapel. The prisoner has been a lodger of mine for seven or eight years, on and off—on the 20th of July I had a canvas bag containing 39l. in sovereigns and half-sovereigns—I took it out of my bar, put it into my coat pocket, and went up stairs to bed between twelve and one o'clock—I laid my coat on a chair in my bed-room—I got up about six o'clock in the morning—my coat was still in the same place—I did not feel in the pocket myself, but told my wife to put the money away out of it, and I put on another coat—my wife missed the money between eight and nine o'clock—I went up directly and found it was gone—I had fastened the house up myself the night before, and am always up last—the prisoner lodged in my house that night—he must have been in the house when I went to bed, for I never let anybody in after I go to bed—I make a practice of locking the doors every night—I do not remember doing so particularly that night more than any other—I did not see the prisoner the following morning—he had not told me he was going away—he came in about twelve o'clock the next night with a young woman, and said, "You may let my bed to-night, for I am going to sit up"—he sometimes sits up at night to watch batcher's shops—he went away, and I did not see him again till Mon day, the 23rd, when he came into my bar and gave a man a glass of rum—I did not cause him to be taken up, for I had no suspicion of him till he said to me "I received from master 19s. and have 3s. more to take for a week's wages"—that was between one and two o'clock on the Sunday, and as I knew he never received so much wages as that, I went to inquire of his master the next day, and had him taken up that day—I saw him searched and 20 sovereigns taken out of his side pocket, and a purse containing 6 guineas, a double sovereign, 3 half-guineas, and a seven-shilling piece—I knew the purse to be mine, it had been made by my wife—I had also missed that purse which contained the coins—there was also a crown-piece of the reign of Queen Anne, 3 half-crown pieces of George IV., an old shilling of George III., 1 penny and 1 twopenny piece—I had coins of that description in my purse—the policeman took possession of them—I did not discover that any part of the house was broken.

Prisoner. I came down stairs at two o'clock in the morning, for water, for a young man who was ill, and found the money in a white bag on the table—I went to the house in the morning, but the prosecutor was not down—I went in again and saw him, and said, "Mr. Reynolds, I thought you were going to lay in bed all day. "Witness. I never saw him besides the times I have named—I am certain my money was in my pocket at the time I put it in the chair—when I went to bed I took the purse from a cupboard in the bar—the coins and the purse were in it—the coat was never out of my possession—I took it off and put it on the chair—I had not put the money in the pocket two minutes.





CORNELIUS O'DONOGHUE
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner on the night of the 24th of July, in Mr. Reynold's house—Mr. Reynolds told me to take him on suspicion of robbing him of some money—the prisoner said nothing particular that night—I searched him at the station-house that night, and in the right-hand pocket of his trowsers, I found eighteen sovereigns, and four half-sovereigns; in his right-hand waistcoat pocket, 26s. in silver, and 6d. in copper in his left waistcoat pocket; in hit left trowsers pocket, a purse with six guineas, three half-guineas, a double sovereign, and a seven shilling piece, and forty-four different pieces of coin—he said nothing about it—I gave the property up to my inspector, the day the

prisoner was committed, it was sealed, and I have received it from him with the seal unopened—it contains the same coin now—I took the prisoner next morning to Lambeth-street-office, from the station-house, and as I went, I asked him what he had done with the rest of Mr. Reynold's money—he said, "I have bought all the clothes on my body with part of it; I have drank another part of it; and, I suppose, lost another part of it"—I did not say he had better tell me about it, nor any thing else.

MR. REYNOLDS
re-examined. This is my purse—I had had it ten or eleven years—here is a shilling of George the III., which I have had twenty years—it has two R's on it, the initials of my brother—I know this foreign coin, though I do not know what it is—it was bent as this it—I had had it a great many years—I have not a doubt of its all being my property.

Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Reynolds has false sworn himself in several things—he said at the office that it was all tied up in a bag, and that he did not know what was the amount of the money—I went to bed at nine o'clock myself, and came out at six o'clock in the morning—he was not up—it was two o'clock in the morning when I found the bag of money, lying on the table, alongside a quart pot—I went about for different people, and he told the Magistrate I was riding about in a chaise all day on Sunday, but it was Mr. Mathews's chaise, and I was going on his business—I believe Mr. Reynolds has been convicted himself twice.

MR. REYNOLDS
re-examined. I have been a witness in two cases, but was never convicted here—I was here once against my servant for robbing me, and also about a person who left a piece of silk at my house—I was never here as a prisoner.




GUILTY of stealing in a dwelling-house, but not burglariously. Aged 35.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

