






1545. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ALLEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     COULSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of May
, 2 boots, value 20s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ralph 
                     Ralph
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  AMES
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Ralph Ralph, a shoemaker
 in Oxford-street


. On the 31st of May, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the two prisoners near his shop - I received information from a boy; I went out, and saw Allen with these boots under his arm about thirty yards from the shop, and Coulson was by his side - they were both walking together; I raised a cry of Stop thief! they ran into a public-house, where the Policeman took them.


                  GEORGE 
                  POWELL
               



             (Police-constable E 75). I heard the alarm and saw the prisoner running; Coulson ran into the Cock public-house, and Allen followed him - I went in and saw Coulson throw an umbrella under the seat, with these boots inside it: I took it up.
HENRY AMES. These are my master's boots and were in front of his window; when I first saw the prisoners Allen had the boots.
Allen's Defence. I was going past the house, and saw a mob running; I went to the public-house to have a pint of beer, and was taken.
Coulson's Defence. I was walking down Portland-street, and saw a man running with these boots; he threw them down; I took them up, and pursued him into the public-house - I could not find him, but I sat down with the boots.
ALLEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
COULSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
