






NEW COURT. MONDAY, DECEMBER 3.
Fifth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
131. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     McCARTY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of October

, 4 handkerchiefs, value 5s.; 2 china ornaments, value 1s.; 2 salt-holders, value 3s.; 1 pillow-case, value 1s.; 4 pairs of stockings, value 10s.; 2 scarfs, value 5s.; 1 shawl, value 10s.; 1 boa, value 14s.; 1 tippet, value 1l.; 2 pairs of slippers, value 3s.; 6 egg-cups, value 1s., and 1 waistcoat, value 18d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Griffith 
                           Humphreys
                        



                     
                  , her master
            ; and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     McCARTY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            



                  SARAH 
                  LEGGETT HUMPHREYS
               



            . I am the wife of Griffith Humphreys, a haberdasher
 - we live in Oxford-street



; 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  McCarty
               



             was in our service about five months. On the 1st of November I saw a handkerchief of ours on her; I spoke to her about it; she put her hand to her bosom - I insisted upon seeing what it was - she at first refused, but afterwards produced a duplicate; she said it was for her own shawl, which she had pawned - I looked at it, and found it was for a shawl and a boa; I gave it to my husband - I went to her bed-room, which was open, and found a fur tippet, a scarf, and a pair of black silk hose - these articles were kept in the shop; at the office two combs were produced from her hair, which are ours.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you not promise if she would confess, you would not be severe with her? A. I said if she had not taken any thing else- she told me about the boa after a long time.


                  HENRY 
                  LIVERMORE
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker, in Oxford-street. I have a shawl and boa, pawned for 12s., on the 8th of October, in the name of Mary Riches; this is the duplicate I gave the person, whom I do not know.


                  THOMAS 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. On the 1st of November I went with Mr. Humphreys to No. 60, Snowhill - the house was to let; I saw Mury McCarty, and asked if she had a daughter living in Oxford-street, with Mr. Humphreys; she said she had a daughter living in Oxford-street, but she could not tell the person's name; I said I came to search the place; she said I was welcome, that her daughter brought a bundle of things the day before to wash, and they were in the wash - I found some stockings and other things; I went a little higher, and broke open a box, where I found the goods, some glasses, two china dogs, an India handkerchief, a cambric handkerchief, a waiter, a scarf, two crape handkerchiefs, two pairs of slippers, and other things - I asked 
               
                  Mary 
                  McCarty
               



             for the key of the box; she said she knew nothing of it; but I afterwards found the key on the mantel-piece of the first floor front room, which 
               
                  Mary 
                  McCarty
               



             lived in - I found some stockings wet in a pail, and one small towel, which wasnot wet; she said she knew nothing of the articles in the box, but the others had been sent to wash.
Cross-examined. Q. These appear to be things that have been worn, and required washing? A. Yes; she was rather frightened at what I said - the box was shut; she said her daughter had left it there.


                  GRIFFITH 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I went with the officer to Mary McCarty - I did not know the box in which these things were found in, but Mary McCarty said her daughter brought it there - I know these articles to be mine.
Cross-examined. Q. The prisoner had been in various services before she came to you? A. Yes; the mother might suppose that many of these were given to her daughter; these black stockings, which were found in her bed-room, are a very fine dress stocking, which would only be worn by a lady going to a ball - they cost me 7s. a pair.


                  Elizabeth 
                  McCarty
               



            . The scraf and tippet do not belong to the prosecutor, nor the silk stockings; they were brought at Gray's Inn, Holborn - if they are examined again they will be found to belong to me.
MR. HUMPHREYS. We had exactly the same kind of stockings - we had a great many scarfs of this description, and my impression is that this is mine.


                  Elizabeth 
                  McCarty
               



            . I took the things home to wash, not to steal.
MRS. HUMPHREYS. These articles, which were half washed, are what I had in wear; she wore a great many things of mine while I was in the country - one of these combs I had in use; the other has the shop mark on it.
E. McCARTY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
M. McCARTY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
