



852. 




JOHN MORGAN
 was again indicted

 for feloniously receiving, on the 
3rd of February, of a certain evil-disposed person, 13 yards of silk, value 1l. 4s.; the goods of 




Henry Lumley, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






MARTHA LUMLEY
. I am the wife of Henry Lumley, and live in Northampton-street, Clerkenwell—we deal in ladies' wardrobes. On Saturday, the 3rd of February, about a quarter-past eight o'clock in the evening, in consequence of information, I went into the street, and examined my parlour window—I found it broken sufficiently to admit a man's arm, and missed about thirteen yards of silk—I had seen it safe at twenty minutes after seven o'clock—(looking at the silk)—I can swear to this—I know it by the selvage in particular, and my servant can prove it also.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You did not make the selvage? A. No, but I particularly noticed it—there are several little spots in it, which none but those who looked particularly at it could notice—and there is a particular cut at one end of it—it is jagged very much—I said, before I saw it, that I should know it by a particular cut in it.





LAURA OLIVER
. I am servant to the prosecutrix. I have examined the silk, and have not a doubt it belongs to heir—I know it by the cut.





THOMAS SEAL
. I am a police-sergeant. I went to No. 8, Peter-lane, Cow-cross, on the morning of the 7th of February—I was searching the shop, and saw a quantity of rags and pieces of old coats and trowsers, under the counter, and under them I found a box, locked—I asked the prisoner for the key—he said he had not got it—I proceeded to break it open, and some distance down, covered with flannel and other articles, I found this silk—I did not ask how he came by it.

Cross-examined. Q. What did you go there to look for? A. For stolen property, it did not matter what—I had information—I had apprehended a brother-in-law of the prisoner's the evening before, who referred to him (the, prisoner) for a good character—I did not know of Kirk's robbery when I went, nor of this—I did not take away all his property—I took the wedding-ring off his mother's finger, and a keeper—I do not know how much property I took away altogether—perhaps 60l. or 70l. worth—I took it to the station-house—a large portion of it has been identified as having been stolen from different people—I cannot exactly say what has been identified—I think a quantity of table-eloths with marks picked out, and towels and other things.

COURT. Q. You took the wedding-ring and keeper; had you any reason for that? A. Yes—I thought it was stolen, having had a description of the same sort of keeper—I took nothing but what I suspected was stolen—it is at the station-house now.

Prisoner. The box was not covered at all. Witness. It was covered with rags—I have a witness who was present.


Prisoner. Q. Did not I tell you I bought the articles in Petticoat-lane in open market? A. That referred to the umbrellas.

Prisoner. When he asked me for the key I could not find it, and asked my wife for it—there was nothing near the box, and I told him to break it open—my wife kept the key—I bought the things in open market where anybody can buy—nobody has a better character than I have—I am as innocent of it as any man in the world—there is a fair held in Petticoat-lane in the afternoon—all strangers go there, and pawnbrokers' goods are brought there for sale.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years more. (See page 691.)
