




739. 




JOHN SAMUEL NEAR
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling—house of 



Thomas Ware, on the 
8th of February, at 
St. Leonard's, Shoreditch, and stealing therein, 4 gowns, value 2l., 6s.; 1 handkerchief, value 15s.; 1 scarf, value 3s.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s. 6d.; 1 scarf, value 1s., 6d.; 1 sheet, value 1s.; 1 tea-pot, value 5s.; 1 thimble, value 1s. 6d.; 2 wine—glasses, value 2s.; 2 glass salts, value 6d.; and 4 shells, value 3s.; the goods of the said 



Thomas Ware.






ANN WARE
. I am the wife of Thomas Ware, and live in Essex-street, Hoxton, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch. I only occupy one room—Mr. Pearce is my landlord—he is a schoolmaster—he dose not live in the house—he lets it out lodgings—the lodgers have each their separate rooms the prisoner lives in the next room to me, with his mother and father—this happened on Monday, the 8th of February—I went out about half—past one o'clock in the day—I left my room door locked and returned at half—past ten o'clock at night—I found my door open—I found the key belonging to the prisoner's father's room in my door—he goes out to work, and so does his mother—they have each a key—all the things stated were stolen—my boxes were turned upside down, the bottoms broken, and the property taken out—I missed four gowns, a tea-pot, a white shawl, a satin striped scarf, one bed—gown, four sheets, two wineglasses, one tumbler, two salt—sellers, one white petticoat, and one shirt, and some coloured merino—the merino was found on the prisoner—when I came home he could not be found any where—he was taken on the following Saturday, in Spitalfields—market.





JOHN VOLLER
. I was a police—constable. I apprehend the prisoner in Spitalfields, on Saturday, the 13th of February—I found this piece of merino on him—I asked him some questions—I made use of no promise or threat—I asked him what he had done with Mr. Ware's thing—he said he had sold them in Petticoat—lane 5s.





ANN WARE
. This is the piece of merino I lost—it has my own work on it—it is part of my child's frock.

Prisoner's Defence, (written.) The destitute situation to which I was reduced, in consequence of my father being out of employment, induced me to commit the offence. I trust my good conduct since my confinement and it being the first offence, will induce the gentlemen to take a favourable view of my unfortunate situation.
(Frederick Shiller, a cabinet—maker, Francis—street, Hoxton, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.* Aged 14.—


Transported for Life.
