



1436. 




JOHN WHITE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
2nd of April, 1 pair of shoes, value 4s., the goods of 



William Thomas, and others, his masters.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





ALFRED BROOKS
. In April last I was in the service of William Thomas, and others, boot and shoe makers, in Cheapside—I cannot tell to a month when I went into their service, but I was there about six or seven months—the prisoner was in their service when I went—about two or three months after I had been there, when we were down in the cellar where we worked, he asked me if I was dry, I said, "Yes"—he said no more then, but he gave me a pair of boots at the corner of Cheapside, when we went to dinner, and told me to go and pledge them—he had fetched them down stain, I believe, but I did not see—I pledged them—from that time until the 2nd of April we were in the habit of doing this—he used to fetch them out—on the 2nd of April we went away together at dinner time, one o'clock, and we went to Drury-lane first—I received a pair of boots from him there, and did something with them by his directions—after I had done so I went with him to Farringdon-street, he there gave me these shoes—(looking at a fair of shoes)—and told me to go and pledge them—I said, "No; it is your turn"—he walked right into the pawnbroker's, (Mr. Fleming's,) and came ont without the shoes—he told me he had got 2l. on them; he gave me 6d.—he showed me the duplicate, and then chewed it up.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Whose service had you been in before you went to Mr. Thomas? A. Mr. Arrowsmith's, a copper-plate printer in Soho-square—I was light porter there—I left because there was nothing to do—I have come out of gaol now—I was taken up on this charge.

Q. If you convict this man do you expect to get off yourself? A. I do not know; I should think I should get off—I was dressed just the same as I am now when I went to Farringdon-street—I had a hat—the prisoner was dressed just as he is now—I was porter in the house—I believe there were plenty of boots and shoes in the shop—I have always heard so—I have been in the shop—I was in the shop once with Mr. Thomas's brother—I do not know how often I have been in the shop—it is a good many times—I thought you meant the warehouse; the shop opens at eight o'clock in the morning—the place I was in once with Mr. Thomas's brother is up stairs where the shoes are kept—I have been often there with some of the men—I was never there alone—Mr. Thomas knows that—he is not always there—I cannot tell whether I have been there twenty or thirty times—I have been sometimes in the morning, and sometimes at noon, but not at night—I have been there a few times—I will not swear I have not been there fifty times—I did not deny all knowledge of this till I was before the Magistrate—I expected to be tried.

Q. And, expecting to be tried, you said he was the thief? A. He was—he used to fetch every thing out—I was aware I was doing wrong at the

time—I was not aware I was running myself into danger—I did not think it was thieving at all—I have told him often we should be found out—I used to go and pledge them for him.

Q. Why did you not tell your master when you had pledged two or three pairs? A. I did not know how to get out of it—I thought I was doing wrong the first time—I never did any thing of the kind before in my life—I asked the prisoner whose they were—he called me a bad name, a fool, and told me to go on—I knew whose they were—I do not know why I asked him—I did not know exactly at first whose they were, because my master's mark was not on the first pair—I looked to see if his mark was on, and then asked him whose they were—he called me a b——fool, and told me to go on—he did not tell me whose they were at first—I pawned them after a bit, about five minutes after—I did not like to do it—I did not go and tell my master, as I did not wish to get him into a row—I pawned the first pair against my will—he gave me 3d. for that—I did not care about taking that—I gave the duplicates to him—he gave me a few of them, and I gave them to Sharp who used to work with roe at Mr. Hawes's, in Green-street—he is not a friend of mine—I do not know what I gave him the tickets for—I was afraid of being caught.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was Sharp taken up, and those tickets found? A. Yes—Mr. Thomas told me I had better go and clear myself—I was taken up, and stated at once the share I had in it—I never took a pair of shoes out of the house till I had the conversation with the prisoner about being dry—we had a pair of small children's shoes before—I pawned the things at his request, and I received 6d. and 3d.—I told the prisoner we should be found out when Mr. Thomas's traveller was taken up, and he called me a "b——fool"—the ground-floor of the house is a staymaker's-shop, and the boots and shoes are kept up stairs—we worked down in the cellar—I worked at one press and the prisoner at another—he used to cut the stays out with a press, and I used to score them.





WILLIAM GARDENER
. I was in the service of Mr. Fleming, a pawn-broker in Farringdon-street. On the 2nd of April I received a pair of shoes in pledge from the prisoner for 2s.—I have the duplicate—he gate the name of John White, No. 9, Union-court—I have not been asked by Mr. Thomas, or any one, to state what was untrue for any sum of money, nor should any thing tempt me to do it.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen the man who pledged these before? A. I have reason to believe I had, but I will not swear to that—I think I told Mr. Stevens I thought I had seen him before and after, but I would not swear to it—I did not say I had never teen him before or since—I cannot say exactly how the man was dressed—he had not a great coat on—I cannot tell whether he had a white or black cravat—I did not look at the dress—I looked at the face, that is my guide—I have no doubt but what I looked at the dress—I firmly believe he had no great coat on—I dare say there were other persons in the shop—I cannot say whether any shop-boys were in this shop—they are seldom in the shop at that time of day—there were shopmen there, I cannot say how many—I cannot say whether there were two—they had an opportunity of seeing the person.

Q. Have you been paid any thing for coming here? A. No—Mr. Thomas has promised to pay me 5l. for my loss of time since last Wednesday—I am not in any employment now, but I was expecting everyday

to get into a situation winch was promised me—I was in London expecting a situation, but I wanted to go into the country—my time ii of importance to me.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What is the reason? A. A few days after I left I was appointed to a situation under Government—I have given up that, and my friend is trying to get me a better situation, and a Mr. Vaughan has promised me his situation when it is vacant—I was about to leave London before I saw Mr. Thomas, and I would rather have declined the hi, than have attended here—I would rather have given 1l. than have come.

COURT. Q. What sort of a shop is Mr. Fleming's? A. Very respectable—we make inquiries of people if we have the slightest doubt of them—Mr. Fleming has five houses in the trade.





WILLIAM THOMAS
. I am in partnership with two brothers, and carry on the shoe and stay business. This pair of shoes is not finished—they are not in the state in which we send them out—they have our marks on them—to the best of my belief they were not sold.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you missed property? A. Our stock is so extensive it would be impossible to miss it, unless it were tiny thing of a peculiar kind—our stock is some thirty thousand pairs—it is kept in three or four different places—these were at the top of the Cross Keys Inn—the persons who work in the cellar had to go up to that warehouse to fetch the stuff—Brooks had no access there, unless he was sent by the prisoner—if he chose to go up he might—we should have thought it extraordinary if we had known it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long has the prisoner been in your service? A. About seven years—he must have known it was not likely we should miss a pair of shoes.
(George Thomas Vaughan, a stay-cutter at the prosecutor's; Thomas "Wiltshire, in the prosecutor's employ", John Saunderson, ditto; William Wardell, ditto; and George Powell, boot and shoe manufacturer, of Great Saffron-hill; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 38. Recommended to mercy by the Jury,





Transported for Seven Years.
