





1991. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of October
, 10 sovereigns, and one 20l. Bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Warder
                  



               
            , against the Statute,&c.
2nd COUNT, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bryan
                  



               
             and others.
3rd COUNT, stating it to belong to Thomas Bryan.


                  HENRY 
                  WARDER
               



            . I am a glass and china-dealer
, and live at Lewes, in Sussex. On the 7th of October, I sent off a brown paper parcel, containing a 20l. note and ten sovereigns, by the Lewes coach, directed to Mr. John Warder, in London - I gave it to Mr. Bryan, the coach proprietor
, himself; I had received the note from a person in London.
THOMAS BRYAN. I received the parcel directed for Mr. Warder - I put it into the right-hand pocket of the coach; I had a particular order to forward it as soon as I got to town; the coach left Lewes at nine o'clock in the morning, and I received the parcel within five minutes of that time - I took it out at the Elephant and Castle, at twenty minutes before four o'clock, and gave it to John Wormington; I gave him 1s. to carry it to the place where it was directed to go- I did not see the prisoner then, but I know him; he has been a coachman
, and has been employed some years.
Prisoner. Q. How was the parcel directed? A. To Mr. Warder - I did not put the money into it, nor did I open it; I cannot swear what was in it - I said at Bow-street, I did not know the address.


                  JOHN 
                  WORMINGTON
               



            . On the 7th of October, I received a brown paper parcel from Mr. Bryan - it was directed to Mr. Warder, Great Marylebone-street, Cavendish-square; he told me to deliver it as soon as I had done with my coach - I went with my coach to the Golden Cross, and when I had done with that, as it was rather late, and I had to go to Whitechapel to meet the Ipswich coach, I did not know what to do; I went out and saw the prisoner in St. Martin's-lane


 - I called him and asked him to carry this parcel, and gave him sixpence to take it; he read the direction, and said, "I know him, I will go across the square, and shall be up there directly."
Prisoner. Q. You gave me the parcel? A. Yes, in the street - I have no witness of it; I never said I had - I swear I saw you again on Saturday, at a quarter before eleven o'clock, and you said it was all right; I did not see you on the Friday.


                  JOHN 
                  WARDER
               



            . I never received the parcel - when the prisoner was taken he denied having received it; Wormington was there, he said he gave it to him, and he put it into his left-hand pocket - I understood he said he went into a public-house after the prisoner on the Saturday, and the prisoner said he had delivered the parcel, and when he went again for him he was gone; the prisoner denied it all, and said he knew nothing about it.
Prisoner. Q. Were you the gentleman to whom it was directed? A. Yes - you came to my house, and waited till I got home; the witness pointed you out, and said you had had the parcel, and you denied it - you said you would go any where, and we went to Covent-garden watch-house; an officer came and searched you - there was nothing found on you.


                  SUSAN 
                  HOLLEY
               



            . My husband is a miller - we live at No. 11, Frederick-place. The prisoner had lodged with me, but left me in the middle of September - he owed me some money, and on the 7th of October he came, between five and six o'clock, paid me 1l., and said he would pay the remainder that night or in the morning; he came again that night, and paid 15s. more, which was all that was due - he came again about eight o'clock on the Saturday morning; he had left a brown coat with me, and took out of the pocket of it, a paper parcel, open at one end, but what it was I cannot say - there was some writing on it, and at the bottom I saw "Marylebone;" at the time he paid me the money, I saw he had some sovereigns and silver in one hand, and in the other some paper, which appeared to me to be notes - he held it out in his hand, and said, "You think I have no blunt, but I have."
Prisoner. Q. Have you never said to any person, or persons, that you never saw me with any parcel at all? A. No, I will swear I saw it - I would not swear they were notes I saw in your hand, but you held them up,and said that was a tenner; I saw Marylebone on the parcel - I can write the word; [the witness here wrote"Marylebone," on a piece of paper.]
COURT to JOHN WORMINGTON, Q. Are any of the persons from the public-house here? A. No, two of them are very ill - he paid 5l. the same night at the place where he lodged.
Prisoner. Q. Did we not walk together to Mrs. Holley's? A. Yes, but she was not at home - I did not see her till she was brought to Bow-street.
JURY to SUSAN HOLLEY. Q. What day did you see the parcel? A. On the Saturday, but he had left it from the Thursday, which was the day the parcel was lost.
Prisoner's Defence. I never had the parcel - I have had the best of characters, and am incapable of committing such a crime; I am in the daily habit of receiving goods and money for different people - I look to you with confidence for a verdict of acquittal.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
