





850. 




WILLIAM COOPER
. was indicted 

of stealing, on the 
29th of February, 24 printed books, value 3l. 15s., 6 colour prints, value 3s.; and 4 blotting-books, value 12s.; the goods of 



George Ackerman and others; and





JAMES CLARK
 and 




THOMAS GREEN



for feloniously receiving the said goods, well knowing them to have been feloniously stolen, against the Statute. &c.







JOHN POINTING
. I am in the service of Messrs. George Ackerman and others. printsellers, in the Strand. On the evening of the 29th of February I was returning from Windsor by Moody's coach, and on arriving at the White Horse-cellar, Piccadilly, the coach stopped—I got off and looked behind, and saw the parcel in question quite safe in the hind boot—I had brought it from Windsor—it contained the articles stated in the indictment—several passengers left the coach there—I went on with the coach—it stopped again at the Ship, at Charing-cross, and afterwards set me down in the Strand; and on taking out my parcels I missed the one in question—on the Friday following a policeman came to ask if we missed any proerty. and produced some—it was all tied up in a brown paper parcel—it was six o'clock in the evening when I got to Piccadilly.





THOMAS FARRANT
. I am a policeman. On the evening of the 29th of February, between five and six o'clock, I was in company with another policeman by Charing-cross—I saw the prisoners in company together, and suspected them—we watched down them down as far as the Ship, when Cooper left the other two, and they walked up and down the Strand dearly an hour till six o'clock—they then came back to Charing-cross, and stood by Drummond's banking-house together for about five minutes, when Cooper came up to them with a brown paper parcel under his arm, and spoke to them—he walked along up Cockspur-street—the other two went along the dark side of the way into the Haymarket to him, Cooper still carrying the parcel—Cooper went up the Hatmarket, and put down the parcel under a shop window—he opened it, as if to examine the contents—the other two passed him, and stood about twenty yards away from him—Cooper then took the parcel under his arm, and turned back to Pall-mall, followed by the other two prisoners: and almost immediately after getting into Pall-mall, I saw Copper run away without the parcel, and jump behind a stage-coach—I pursued him, and took him off from behind the coach, and asked him if he had given a parcel to a young man—he said, no, he could not: for he had not had one—I brought him back, and give him to the constable who had taken the parcel from Clark—this is it.

Cooper. Q. Do you say you know me? A. I have seen you in company with thieves—I cannot say I ever had you in custody—I took you from behind the coach.





JAMES FOWLER
. I am a policeman. On Monday evening, the 29th of February, I was in company with two officers, and saw the three prisoners, and, suspecting them, we followed them—Cooper left the other two by the Ship—we followed Clark and Green for an hour, about the Strand—they came back, and stood by Drummond's and were joined shortly after by Cooper, having a brown paper parcel—they went across into the Haymarket—Cooper went to a shop, put down the bundle, took out his knife, cut open the string, and looked at the parcel—they returned to Pall-mall, and I saw Cooper give the parcel to Clerk—Green was with Clark at the time—as soon as Cooper gave him the parcel, he ran away, and got behind a stage-coach—I told my brother officers, and the witness pursued Cooper, and took him from the coach—I and my brother officers secured Green and Clark—Clark was then carrying the bundle, and Green with him—they were both close together, going the same road.





JAMES KENNERLEY
. I am an officer. I produce the parcel—I have heard the other officers state their evidence—it is correct—I have had the parcel ever since—I took it from Clark—I asked him what he had got there—he

said several times it was his own—I said, "Where did you get it from?"—he said, "I bought them—Green was present—Clark alter wards said, a person gave it to him to carry—he threatened to rip my guts open with a knife, and became very violent, and tried to escape.

Clark. I deny talking of ripping your guts open—you tied my handkerchief round my hand so tight, I said, if you did not loosen it, I would cut it—you said, "Oh, you would cut my guts open, would you?" but I did not say so I said I would cut the handkerchief—I did not say the parcel was my own.

Cooper's Defence. I picked the parcel up at Charing-cross—I was not in company with clerk before—I preceded up the Haymarket to a light shop window, and looked on the back of it, to see if there was any direction on it—there was not; and I opened it to see if there was ant direction inside, but there was none, and I tied it up again.

Clerk's Defence. I was coming from Westminster with Green—after leaving Cooper, I met him again in Pall-mall—he said, "Just hold this parcel while I make water"—I took it from under his arm, and was instantly taken by a policeman.

Green's Defence. I know nothing about the robbery at all.





JOHN POINTING

re-examined. The parcel was locked inside the hind boot of the coach; and it was unlocked again, I believe, at the Ship, at Charing-cross.

COOPER—


GUILTY
.† Aged 20.

CLARKE—


GUILTY
.* Aged 20.

GREEN—


GUILTY
.* Aged 22.





Transported for Seven Years.
