





1812. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CAMPBELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of July
, 1 purse, value 1s.; 4 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, and 3 shillings, the property of the Honorable


                           George John 
                           Cavendish
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
THE HON. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  JOHN CAVENDISH
               



            , R.N. I live at No. 37, Half Moon-street, Piccadilly. On the 7th of July, I was at the bottom of Hay-hill


, about half-past two o'clock in the afternoon - I felt something touch my coat, and heard a person on the opposite side of the street say "He has picked your pocket," and at the same time he cried Stop thief! I followed the prisoner - my purse was picked up in the way which the prisoner ran; it is mine, and had four sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and three shillings in it; the prisoner was stopped in Albemarle-street, about two hundred yards from where I missed my purse - I had lost sight of him, but I know him to be the person I had been running after.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HICKMAN
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Foley, in Berkeley-square. On the afternoon of the 7th of July I was near the bottom of Hay-hill - I saw the prisoner walking behind the prosecutor, and then I saw his hand in one of his pockets - he drew out the purse; he then turned round, and ran towards me - he saw that I saw him, and he turned down a turning; I called out "He has picked your pocket," and ran after him; I lost sight of him, but I saw his person and face, and am certain of him.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How many turning did he turn? A. Three, but I saw him between the corner; I lost sight of him as he turned - I cannot tell which of the gentlemen's pockets, he had his hand in, when I first saw him I thought he belonged to the gentlemen, but as I kept looking at him, I saw him draw the purse out momentarily - I did not take particular notice in what pocket he had his hand in; I first thought he was pushing in the gentleman's handkerchief - I had not seen him before, I cannot tell whether he had boots or shoes on; he had a black cravat.


                  THOMAS 
                  FULCHER
               



            . I am a servant out of place. On the 7th of July I was at the top of Hay-hill; I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running - he was calling Stop thief! but there was no one in front of him but me; I followed him, and he took something from his girdle and threw it away down an area - I followed him; I did not see the article which he threw picked up - he turned towards Albemarle-street; I did not see him taken, but I am certain he is the person.
Cross-examined. Q. How near was he to the corner of Hay-hill, when you saw him? A. About ten yards; I was in front of him on the other side, with my back to the corner - I was not far enough up for any one to have turned the corner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
