





1710. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAILEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of December
, 1 coat, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gardiner
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GARDINER
               



            . I am a milkman and a shoemaker
; I live at Isleworth


. In the end of December I lost a coat from my cow-house, which was broken open - I did not see the coat again till the 21st of June - the prisoner was in our neighbourhood at the time I lost it - I had occasionally employed him.


                  JOHN 
                  GREGORY JACKSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Hounslow. I have a blue great-coat, which I took in from Smith, on the 7th of January.
Cross-examined by MR. DONNE. Q. What is Smith? A. A labouring woman - I asked who she brought it for; she said John Brown.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a labouring woman. I pawned the coat - I was going up the town, and met the prisoner with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Flicker
               



             - he was a soldier; he deserted, and was taken again, and is now in Ireland; the prisoner asked me to pawn the coat; I told him I never did such a thing, but as I knew Flicker I would - the prisoner had been carrying the coat - he gave it to Flicker, who gave it to me- he told me to ask 8s. for it, and I got 6s. - I pawned it in the name of John Brown, as I was told.
Cross-examined. Q. Who first spoke to you? A. Flicker did - the prisoner asked him to ask me - I gave the money to the prisoner, who put it into his right hand pocket, and the duplicate - he thanked me, and they said good day- I had not seen the prisoner before; but I knew Flicker.


                  ROBERT 
                  PARNHAM
               



            . On the 4th of June, at half-past ten o'clock, the prosecutor gave Smith in charge; she told me where she got the coat, and I took the prisoner from her description.
Prisoner. She said she gave the money to Flicker, and he gave it to me, because he had holes in his pocket.
SMITH. No; he never touched it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
