





Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Bayley.
562. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BRAME
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of December
, 1 jacket, value 2l.; 6 shells, value 6.; 2 table-spoons, value 40s.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 walking-stick, value 3s.; 1 shawl, value 1l.; 1 mahogany pillar, value 10s.; 1 gold ring, value, 5s. and 1 sovereign, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Raines
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Sarah 
                        Flanders
                     



.
MR. HEATON conducted the prosecution.


                  ANN 
                  RAINES
               



            . I am the wife of John Raines, who is at sea
. The prisoner helped me to move from Mrs. Francis', in Wellington-place, to Captain Watson's, in Clark-street, Stepney - I cannot say from which lodging these things were stolen; she was in the habit of coming to my apartment - I moved on the 20th of December; she came to me on the 21st to help to make the place tidy, and on the 22nd I missed these things; the sovereign was lost at Watson's I know, but I never saw the other things there.


                  GEORGE 
                  GRAY WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in High-street, Stepney. I have a jacket, pawned by the prisoner on the 26th of August, and a gold ring, with a necklace and two brooches, on the 11th of January, 1832; I have known her eighteen months.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you take them in yourself? A. Yes; she pawned them in the name of Brim, of Stepney-green.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EDWARD RUMSEY
               



            . I am shopman to Walker, a pawnbroker, of the Commercial-road. I have a waistcoat, two tea-spoons, and a shawl, pawned on the 18th of January, by Stephenson; also a pair of silver table-spoons - they were all pawned for 1l. 18s. 6d. at the same time, but in three lots.
MARY STEPHENSON. I pawned these things at Walker's - the prisoner had pawned them at Williams', and sold me the duplicates on the 31st of December; I redeemed them.
Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A broker; duplicates are often sold by poor people - she told me she had pawned them from want, and should never be able to redeem them - I gave her 3s. 6d. for the duplicates; they were pawned for 2l. 0s. 6d.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . These things had been pawned with me by the prisoner, and were taken out by Stephenson.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            . (See Third Day.)
