



1273. 




JOHN BATHURST BROWN
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the shop of  



jean Francois Isidore Caplin, on the 
17th of April, at 
St. Mary Abbott, Kensington, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, I handkerchief, value 2s. and I pair of trowsers, value 15s.; the goods of 



jean Francois Delacour.






JEAN FRANCOIS DELACOUR
. I live in the employ of Mr. Caplin, a bonnet-shape manufacturer, at Notting-hill, Kensington. The prisoner was his apprentice, and left on the Saturday—I fastened up the workshop on the Monday following, and afterwards found the window of the room where I work, open, the stable door open, and the lock my room and my drawers were broken open—I missed a pair trowsers, and a silk hand-kerchief.





HENRY MITCHELL
. I am errand boy to Mr. Caplin. On Tuesday

morning, the 17th of April, I met the prisoner at the corner of Gee's-court, Henrietta-street, and told him his mistress wanted to speak to him—he wanted to run away, but I took him by the jacket, and would not let him go—he asked what his mistress wanted—I said I believed to speak to him, and told him to come home—he said he would not, because he knew he should go to the House of Correction—I asked him if he had done any thing wrong—he said "No"—I got him as far as Regent-street, and then sent for master, who came, and X went for a policeman.





JAMES WEST
 (police-constable E 80.) The prisoner was given into my custody by Mitchell—I asked him whether he had done this—he said he had broken open the factory, and stolen the things belonging to Delacour, that he had pawned the trowsers at Kensington, and the handkerchief at Thomas's—I went to Notting-hill, and met Caplin, who gave me a duplicate for a silk handkerchief—I found the house at Notting-hill broken open, and saw blood on the plank and the doors also—I found the prisoner's hand cut—I said, "Was this the cut you got when you broke open the place?"—he said it was, and said the trowsers were in pawn for eight shillings—I found them where he stated—the house is in the parish of St. Mary Abbott's, Kensington.





GEORGE HAWKINS
. I am in the employ of Mr. Webb, a pawnbroker in High-street, Kensington. I produce a pair of trowsers which were pawned by the prisoner, on the 17th of April—I asked where he lived—he said, "8, Ladbrook-terrace"—he gave the name of Gustavus Forster, and said he had brought them for John Delacour.





GEORGE HENRY THOMAS
. I am in the employ of Mr. Wood, of High-street, Bloomsbury. I produce a silk handkerchief which was pawned on the 18th of April, for 1s., in the name of Samuel Wilson, and another m the name of John Brown, on the 18th of October—I believe the prisoner pawned them both.
(Property produced and sworn to.)





JEAN FRANCOIS ISIDORE CAPLIN
. I am a bonnet-shape manufacturer, at Notting-hill. The prisoner was my apprentice—he left on the 15th—on the Tuesday afterwards I found he had been detained by my errand boy—I took him to my shop in Great Portland-street, and asked what he had done with the things which he took before—he said he had pawned them—I sent for a policeman, who came and took him—the shop which was broken open is at Notting-hill.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
