



209. 




JAMES BAKER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of December, 2 shawls, value 5s.; 30 yards of ribbon, value 9s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2d.; and 28 pieces of ribbon, containing in length seven yards, value 1s.; the goods of John Falshaw Pawson and others, from the person of 



Richard Cleaver Warner.






RICHARD CLEAVER WARNER
. I am porter to Messrs. Pawson and Company, of St. Paul's Church-yard. On the 6th of December, I was in Wood-street, Cheapside—I had a parcel in my pocket—I do not know the contents, but I missed it—I turned, and saw the prisoner passing from behind me—he crossed the road, and when he got to the corner of Huggin-lane, he ran—I ran, and called "Stop him"—he threw this parcel behind him—I took it up, and pursued him till the policeman took him.

Prisoner. He stated at Guildhall that he never saw me at all—he had a large box on his head. Witness. I saw him throw the parcel behind him, and I felt some person push me, as if they wanted to pass—I had a box on my head, weighing a half-hundred weight.





THOMAS HOLDEN
. I live in Coleman-street. I saw the prisoner in Huggin-lane—he was running—he had the parcel, which he threw behind him, and ran up against the policeman.

Prisoner. He says he saw me throw the parcel down, and I was running, and the policeman knows that I was walking—I was going along the same as other people.





STEPHEN POWELL
 (City police-constable No. 69.) I took the prisoner and have the parcel—it has the same contents as it had then, except two letters, which were going into the country—the prisoner was walking when I stopped him—the porter called out, "Stop that man in blue"—the prisoner said, "It is not me, it is some one else"—I cannot tell whether he had been runing before—my back was towards him at first.





MILES JAMES HARTLAND
. I am warehouseman to Messrs. John Falshaw, Pawson, and others. This parcel contains shawls and ribbons, which were to be sent to one of their travellers in the country.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going to market to buy something for my Sunday dinner—I was walking through the alley, and they cried out, "Stop that man in the blue coat"—I walked on till I came to the policeman—he said to me, "You seem to be the man"—I said I had done nothing—this boy then ran up, and said he saw me throw down the parcel—I had left work at half-past six o'clock—the officer knows he saw the boy come running up; he said he saw me drop it, and he was behind me.


JURY
to
STEPHEN POWELL. Q. Were there other persons there? A. There might be ten or twelve persons, but the prisoner was the foremost—Warner was six or seven yards behind him, coming as fast as he could, considering that he carried a box—Holden was close behind him.




GUILTY
.* Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.
