





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
901. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  HOBB
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        Daniel 
                        Bailey
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  PLUMPTON
               



            . I am a tailor, and live in Whitechapel. On the 27th of May, I was near the west end of Lombard-street, at a quarter past nine o'clock - I saw the prisoner, as I was walking in front of the Mansion-house, with two others, all on a sudden make a start - I instantly followed them - I saw the prisoner take from the pocket of Mr. Bailey a handkerchief - I crossed over and tapped Bailey on the shoulder, and the prisoner ran away - I followed and collared him - he commenced a violent attack on me- gave me a blow in the right eye, and knocked me down - I got up, over took him, and laid hold of him - he knocked me down again - I got hold of him - he turned round and became more violent than before - I called "Murder," and brought a City officer to my assistance - I saw the handkerchief picked up, and am certain I saw the prisoner take that handkerchief from Bailey.
Prisoner. You struck me two or three times. Witness. I did not.
DANIEL BAILEY. On the evening of the 27th of May, I was passing near the end of Lombard-street


 - my attention was called by Plumpton - I found my handkerchief gone from my pocket - I do not know when I last felt it safe - the prisoner was pointed out to me - we pursued him, and in the track he had taken the handkerchief was picked up, and given to me - I had run over it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going home when he said I picked his pocket - it is no such thing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
