



1064. 




GEORGE SPENCER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of March, 1 bassoon, value 2l.; and 1 clarionet, value 3l.; the goods of 



George Richard Metzler, in his dwelling-house.






GEORGE WARD
. I live in White Lion-street, Goodman's-fields, and am clerk to George Richard Metzler, of Wardour-street, Westminster. On the 8th of March, I saw a bassoon and clarionet in the shop, at ten o'clock in the morning—there was a broken square of glass in the window, large enough to admit a hand, but I had ordered some music cases to be placed against the hole—I did not mist these articles till the evening—I afterwards saw the clarionet in the possession of Wentworth—it is worth 3l., and the bassoon 2l.—that is the cost price—a person might get them out without breaking the window, but I had had them moved out of reach—they could not be reached by a hand without some instrument being used—they were both missed at the same time—the lowest value of them is 5l.





JOHN WILLIAM HAWKINS
. I am a policeman. On the evening of the 8th of March I was on duty in Long-acre, and saw the prisoner coming in a direction from Newport-market—I observed him go to a pawnbroker's shop door, at the corner of Mercer-street—he was carrying part of this bassoon wrapped up in an old handkerchief, and the other two parts were found in his pockets afterwards—I asked him what he had there—he told me a little bassoon—I asked him if it was his own property—he said it was—I asked if he could play it—he said no—I asked where he obtained it—he said he bought it in St. John-street, and afterwards said in Wilderness-row—I said there was no musical instrument maker's there—he said, "No, there is not—I bought it of a man there, and gave 7s., for it"—I not being satisfied, took him to the station-house, and locked him up on suspicion of stealing it.





JOHN WENTWORTH
. I am shopman to Robert Barker, a pawnbroker. I produce a clarionet which the prisoner brought to our shop to pledge on the evening of the 8th of March, in the name of John Spencer—I should not think the articles worth 5l.

Prisoner. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.




GUILTY,* of stealing to the value of 99s. only. Aged 36. 


Transported for Seven Years.
