





1521. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of September
, 4 spoons, value 1l.; and 3 forks, value 1l.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Edwards
                  




               
            .


                  DAVID 
                  FARTHING
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Edwards
               



            , of Woburn-square


. On the 23d of September, about half-past eleven o'clock, I went out, leaving all safe - I shut the area gate after me, leaving this property in the pantry on the basement story - I returned about one o'clock, and was told of the robbery - I went down and missed the articles stated - I have seen them since - the prisoner is a stranger to me.


                  ELIZA 
                  HAMMERTON
               



            . I live with the prosecutor. I heard the plate rattle in the pantry cupboard about half-past eleven o'clock - I went to the door, as I was not certain that my fellow-servant had returned - I said, "John, is that you?" - I received no answer, but a hand waved, which much alarmed me - I called for assistance, and when I turned back, the prisoner went out - I was much alarmed - Mr. Minter came when he heard me call, and took the prisoner - he was brought into the hall, and this property was found on him - he said his father had left him, and he asked for forgiveness.


                  GEORGE 
                  MINTER
               



            . I was called - I saw the prisoner come out of the house - I stopped him, and took him back- I took this property from him.


                  HENRY 
                  LOARING
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner and this property.



               GUILTY
             - Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
