






989. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of March, 1 watch, value 1l.; 1 seal, value 3s.; 2 watch-keys, value 2s.; 1 ring, value 2d., and 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Walker
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  DITTUM
               



            . I was going to my work at half-past one o'clock in the morning, on the 13th of March, and met the prisoner - the prosecutor was following her, crying Stop thief! and she ran towards me; I went to stop her, she turned back; I ran and took her - she fell down, and threw a watch from her; I held her down till the prosecutor came up, and took her - I saw the constable take up the watch, and I took up the case; the prosecutor charged her with stealing it, in my presence - she said it was not her, it was another girl with her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EVERETT
               



            . I am an officer. I heard Stop thief! called, but did not see the prisoner taken; on going down Gold's-hill I saw the prosecutor, who said she had got his watch from him; she said she had not taken it, but another girl had - she ran, and was stopped; I asked where the other girl threw the watch - she pointed out the place; I took it up, and the witness took the case - the prosecutor gave his name as Thomas Walker - he is master of a vessel.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not say I was not the person? A. Yes; I saw the prosecutor and her stand at the end of Gold's-hill. as I was going on my beat, five minutes before the alarm; there was another girl at the other corner - the prosecutor said it was his watch; he is gone to sea.
Prisoner's Defence. I met the man, who asked me to go home with him; I said I would not - I saw him talking to another woman; I went down Three Cups-alley - he came and took hold of me, and I said, "Let me go - I will walk with you;" we went on to Gold's-hill, and this witness came, and took me.




               GUILTY (of stealing, but not from the person.
            ) Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
