





194. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BOND
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
, 4 coats, value 3l. 12s.; 4 waistcoats, value 14s.; and 3 pair of trousers, value 30s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Solomons
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
MR. STAMMERS conducted the prosecution.


                  HENRY 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. Cording, No. 38, Aldgate High-street, pawnbroker. On the 6th of November, the prisoner came to the shop and pawned a pair of trousers and a waistcoat, which I produce, for 6s - I did not know him before - I am certain of him.


                  JAMES 
                  HENRY PEEBLES
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Harris
               



            , of No. 121, Minories, a pawnbroker. The prisoner pawned a pair of trousers and a waistcoat at the shop, on the 11th of November, for 5s. - I am not certain it was the prisoner - I can't swear to him, but to the best of my belief it was him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SOLOMONS
               



            . I am a slop seller
, and live at No. 52, Minories


. The prisoner was about four months in my employ - he came to me last June - he was only a porter
 - from information which I received, I had suspicion, and missed fifty waistcoats (looking at the goods produced by Carter) - I did not miss these till they were found - they are my property - I never sold them - the waistcoat is one of the fifty - and the trousers are part of my stock - the other things are mine, and part of what I missed - I did not miss the property all together - I did not examine the stock till this was discovered - the value of the trousers and waistcoat is 8s. 6d. - these are 6s. 6d. - and these waistcoats are 45s. a dozen - the value of all the things produced is about 18s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TUCK
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Hyams. I produce a coat and waistcoat pawned by the prisoner, on the 10th of December.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SOLOMONS
               



             re-examined. These are mine; I cut them out myself - I have sold ten of them; but not this pair, six were sent to Worcester, and four to Ratcliffe Highway, and this one was left behind - I did not authorize him to pawn them.
JURY. Q. The prisoner came into your service in June? A. Yes - he has been with me about four months - he did not leave my service until I gave him in charge on the 11th of December - he was recommended to me by a woman who is in my employ now.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.* - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
