





996. 




EDWARD EAGER
 and 




HENRY JONES
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Heseltine Bayford, about 3 in the night of the 
15th of March, at 
St. Luke, Chelsea, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 pair of ear-rings, value 5s.; 1 ring, value 5s.; 1 heart, value 3s.; and 1 pair of half-boots, value 2s.; the goods of 



Mary Ann Llewellyn: 1 half-crown, 4 shillings, 2 sixpences. and 5d. in copper, the monies of



 Harriet Core Frost: 1 fish-slice, value 30s.; 20 spoons, value 9l. 15s.; 1 sugar sifter, value 10s.; 1 ladle, value 10s.; 9 frocks, value 4l.; 2 cruet tops, value 3s.; the knob of a teapot, value 2s.; 2 coats, value 3l.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 10s.; and 1 cheese-knife, value 10s.; the goods of the said 



James Heseltine Bayford: and 




ELIZA FREEMAN
 for 

feloniously receiving the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.



MR. STURGEON
conducted the Prosecution.






HAREIET COVE FROST
. I am servant to Mr. Bay ford, who lives in the pariah of St. Luke, Chelsea. On the night of the 15th of March, I did not retire till twelve o'clock—I came down at seven o'clock in the morning, and discovered my fellow-servant's work-basket standing on a box at the entrance of the kitchen, and every thing turned out of it—the next thing I taw was the dresser drawers open, and every thing turned out of them—I then saw the plate-basket, which was standing in the kitchen cupboard empty, and four candles, a knife, a pair of pincers, and screw-driver, on a table in the kitchen—I saw the teapot standing on the dresser, without the knob—I went into the back kitchen, and saw the window standing wide open, and a tub which I had left on the stool was lifted off, and put into the middle of the kitchen floor—I and my fellow-servant were the last persons up the night before—I had put the plate-basket into the cupboard then—all the articles had. been moved from the places I had left them in—I hire nothing to do with the plate, and did not take notice how much there had been in the basket, but there were a great many spoons and forks—the basket was nearly full—they were silver—the window was shut quite close down the night before—not open in the least—it must have been lifted up.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How many servants are there? A. Two, and a man-servant, but he does not sleep in the house—I am quite sure I observed the window before I went to bed, and it was quite shut—it was always kept shut—I shut it a great many days before—I observed it on going up stairs that night—it was the back kitchen window—there was no fattening to it—it was broken—I am quite sure it was not up in the least.





JAMES HESELTINE BAYFORD
. I am a Procter, and live at No. 8, King's parade, King's-road, in the parish of St. Luke, Chelsea. On the morning of the 16th of March, from what my servant said, I went down stairs, and missed two great coats and the silver tops of the cruets—I understood the spoons and forks were missing, but not knowing where they were kept, I could not miss them—I employed the police, and in consequence of information I received in the evening of the same day, I went with the policeman to No. 2, Lender cottages, Leader-street, and there saw the policeman ibid some ear-rings, which my servant identified, and also one of my great coats—I afterwards attended at Lambeth police-office, and there identified another great coat of mine; and certain articles of plate, which I knew to be my property were brought to me a day or two afterwards, by a policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. What time in the morning was your attention called to your house? A. About seven o'clock—I had been up a short tune before—I heard my servants talking, and went down—it had been quite light for two hours then.

MR. STUROEON. Q. What number of walls must a person pass to get to your hack kitchen? A. My house is No. 8, and it appeared, by the marks

of footsteps in the garden, that instead of getting over the side where they would have three walls to get over, they must have got over seven or eight walls; they might be seen if it was daylight.

JURY. Q. What is the height of the walls? A. Six or seven feet at the outside—any body could get over them.





MARY ANN LLEWELLYN
. I am servant to Mr. Bayford. On the night of the 15th of March, I saw the back-kitchen window quite close down about twelve o'clock, as we were going to bed—next morning, as I came down stairs, at the entrance of the kitchen, I saw my work-basket with every thing turned out of it; and on entering the kitchen, all the drawers were open, and every thing turned out, the plate which was left in the kitchen cupboard the previous night was all taken away, and the platebasket was empty—I lost some ear-rings, which I have since seen.

Cross-examined. Q. How long before you went to bed had you seen the plate basket? A. The last thing; we put it into the cupboard.





HENRY KIMBER
. I am a policeman. I produce the whole of the plate, and one of Mr. Bayford's great coats, which I got from No. 2, Leadercottages, Leader-street, on the 18th—it was buried in the coal-hole, under neath the staircase, all packed up in a servant's apron as they are here—there were no coals there—there was a hole dug, and there was about two feet of mould over them—I had received information on the 18th, but on the evening of the 16th I got a pair of gold ear-rings, a cornelian heart, and a great coat of Mr. Bayford's, from the same apartment, which was occupied by Elizabeth Freeman—I have seen her there—the coat was on the bed, and the ear-rings and cornelian heart were taken out of the box in the room—I saw Riches, the constable, find a pair of boots on Freeman—I know all the three prisoners very well—I have seen them together, and Eager and Jones have been apprehended together before—I cannot say I have seen them all three together—I have seen Freeman with Eager in different parts of Chelsea, and in Lawrence-street frequently—I have teen Eager and Freeman come out of the house where the property was found—it might be a fortnight or a week previous to the robbery—I examined the garden and yard of Mr. Bayford's house, and saw the footmarks of two persons without shoes.

Cross-examined. Q. When you saw Eager and Freeman together, (except seeing them once come out of the house,) you have seen them in Lawrence-street? A. Yes—I have frequently seen them together in the street—I believe two persons lodge in the top room, and three in the room the property was found in—I believe they are the prisoners—there ire only two rooms in the house—I did not say that Eager and Jones were apprehended together—I will swear that.





HARRIET FRY
. I go out nursing children, and take in washing and ironing, and live at No. 2, Leader-cottages—Eager and Freeman lived in the room below—I cannot swear that they lived together in the room—I had known them living there from about a fortnight before Christmas up to the time they were apprehended—Freeman went by the name of Mrs. Eager—I lived there before they came—I do not know who took the lodging—on the Wednesday night before the Thursday on which the policeman came, a policeman hallooed out, "Is any body here 1"—I got out of bed, opened the door, and he said, "Do you know your door is open?"—Freeman was present then—I found the door open—it was about ten minutes before twelve o'clock—the policeman said, "Ar'nt you afraid of catching cold? your door is open"—Freeman came out of her room,

and said she was waiting at home for her husband—our house is not abort ten minutes or a quarter of an hour's walk from the prosecutor's—I never knew Jones to be there but twice; I saw him once by the gate in the yard, and once at the foot of the stairs—that was about a week before.

Cross-examined. Q. Who came first to the house; Eager or Freeman? A. Freeman and another young woman came first after the key of the room, but I had not got it—I did not let the room—Mr. Wise did—Eager always lived there—he is the only man I ever saw there; but I have not always seen him there—I did not see him for near a fortnight after Freeman one—I did not live alone in the upper room—William Lambert lived there with me—I went by the name of Lambert—I entered that name in my rent book—I lived with him five years—he is dead now.





HENRY WISE
. I have been a publican, but at present am out of business—I am agent for a widow lady, to whom the house No. 2, Leader—I cottages belongs. I let part of it to the person named Lambert, and the other to the female prisoner, who represented herself as a married woman of the name of Eager—I let it her in the early part of December—sometimes Freeman paid the rent, and sometimes the prisoner Jones—I have seen him occasionally, and understand he is her brother—I have seen him there eight or ten times—I never saw Eager there.

Cross-examined. Q. You let the upper room to a man named Lambert? A. The witness applied to me as being Mrs. Lambert, and I let her the room—there are thirteen houses occupied by labourers there.





WILLIAM ROWLAND
. I am a policeman. I was on duty on the 16th of March, about a quarter before ten o'clock, in Petticoat-lane, and saw the prisoner Jones with this coat hanging on his arm—I went to him, and from hit appearance and the goodness of the coat, I thought he had stolen it—I asked him where he was going with it—he said he was an omnibus conductor—I asked where he got the coat from—he said he had had it two years, that he gave 18s. for it to a Jew, in Long-acre—I asked him where he lived—he said on Tower-hill, but refused to give me the name of the street or the number, and I took him to the station-house—he resisted, and I had a very hard turtle with him in the street—he tried to get away—it was rather dirty weather, and the coat was splashed at if it had been worn.

Jones. I told him I bad given 19s. for the coat, and that I bought it before the robbery was done. Witness. He said, "It is my coat; I have had it two years."

Jones. He said he knew the man who had lost the coat—I said if he would show me the roan I would return him the coat—he said, "Never mind, come with me"—I went with him, and he said I wanted to rescue myself from him, but I did not. Witness. He did try to get from me—there had been a coat stolen the morning before, and I thought this might be it—he said he would go to the man who had lost the coat, and give it to him if he had lost it, and in going along he ran away.





FRANCIS JOHN RICHES
. I am a policeman. I apprehended Freeman in York-street, Westminster—I found a pair of boots on her feet, which Mr. Bayford's servant identified.





EASY BRIDGES
. I am a policeman. I apprehended Eager in York-street, Westminster, in company with Freeman, on Friday the 17th, at nine o'clock in the evening—I was with Riches—I told Eager he was the man I wanted—he asked me what for—people collected round—I said, "Walk a few steps, and I will tell you what for"—in going along he said, "I suppose it

is for Mr. Bayford's robbery; it was not me that did the robbery, but sailor Jack"—I had a further conversation with him in going to Queen-square—told him not to say any thing to criminate himself—he then said, "You have found enough in the house to send me out of the country for life"—those were his words—Mr. Bayford's robbery was not mentioned at that time.

Cross-examined. Q. Which of the persons were taken into custody first the woman or the man? A. I cannot say, they were close together wben they were taken—I took the man, and Riches took the woman—I did not hear what he said to her.
(Property produced and sworn to,)

F. J. RICHES
re-examined. When I apprehended the woman, I asked her name—she said, "What do you want to know my name for?"—I said, "I believe you to be concerned in the robbery at No. 8, King Vpande"—she said, "The things were brought to our house"—I said, "I believe you have a pair of boots on belonging to the servant"—she said, "They were brought at the same time"—I do not believe Eager heard me name No, ft, King's-road, or Mr. Bayford's name—he was at a distance at the time.

Jones's Defence. I have nothing to say about the property—I did not know it was brought there—I had only been at the place twice.

Freeman's Defence. When I got up I found the boots in the room, and put them on, because my shoes were tight, and on Friday night I went to Chelsea—the policeman stopped me, and asked my name—he was not in his right dress, and I asked what he wanted with my name, if he told me what he wanted, I would tell him—he asked me to go with him, and asked to look at my feet, and said the boots were what he wanted—on Saturday morning he gave me my shoes at Queen-square—I know nothing about the other property—I did not know it was in the place.
(Daniel In wood, sawyer, Gough-street, Gray's-inn-lane, deposed to the prisoner Jones's good character; and Charlotte Frazer, servant at the Edin burgh Castle, Strand, to that of Freeman.)

EAGER—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

Of breaking and entering, but not burglariously.






Transported for Life.


FREEMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
