





1125. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Drederick Ludovig Casper Zacharius 
                           Hellmers
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .

D.L.C.Z. HELLMERS
            . I am a merchant
, and live at East-Ham. I was coming to town last Monday morning, about a quarter-past ten o'clock, and between Petticoat-lane


 and Aldgate church


, I felt my handkerchief drawn from my pocket - on turning quick round I found it in the prisoner's hands; I thought I saw three or four persons of similar description to him about - I saw two suspicious fellows before, and two behind me, who, when I laid hold of the prisoner, walked with him almost all the way to the watch-house - they said nothing; I took the handkerchief from him, and kept it till I got to the watch-house; I then delivered it to the officer - having lost five or six within twelve months, about that particular spot, I had putit very deep into my pocket; I am certain it did not fall out.
Prisoner. Q. When you turned round was I behind you, or had I passed you? A. No, you was at my side.


                  JOHN 
                  ALFRED CHALK
               



            . I am a bill-broker at 'Change-alley, and live at Mile-end. I was walking by the prosecutor's side - he turned suddenly round, and seized the prisoner by the collar, at the same time took a handkerchief from his hand; he charged him with stealing it - the prisoner said he had picked it up; I observed several persons about, but do not know that they were in his company - several low characters followed him to the watch-house, but did not interfere.
WILLIAM PLAISTOW. I am an officer of Aldgate ward. I went into the watch-house after the prisoner was there; he said he picked the handkerchief up - I searched him, and found two other handkerchiefs in his hat, and a piece of silk tied loosely round his neck.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I did not take it from the gentleman's pocket - I picked it up, and did not know who it belonged to till the gentleman collared me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
