





1810. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of July
, 2 saws, value 8s., and 1 stock, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Mitchener
               




            .


                  RICHARD 
                  MITCHENER
               



            . I am a blind-maker
, and live in Great Castle-street, Oxford-market


. On the 30th of July I went out of my shop for a quarter of an hour, leaving these tools safe; it was about half-past four o'clock - my wife was in the back parlour; on returning I found the prisoner and two others in custody in the shop - the Policeman produced two saws and a stock to me; he was a stranger


                  JAMES 
                  KENNERLEY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was in Oxford-street, and saw the prisoner and two others; I watched them - they watched me along two or three streets; I then kept out of their sight, but could see them - I followed them into Castle-street, and met Betraun; we followed them to the prosecutor's shop, I saw Smith go in and come out, and speak to the two others, who stood some distance off; he went in again, and Betraun said he had come out - I then saw him about two yards from the shop, running down towards Regent-street; I saw Powell secure him, and take something from under his coat - I showed Powell the shop, then followed, and took one of the other two.


                  ANGELIOUS 
                  BETRAUN
               



            . I was with Kennerley, and watched the prisoner and two others to the prosecutor's shop; I saw him go in and come out - he went in again, and came out with something bulky under both arms, under his coat; he ran towards Regent-street - I afterwards went to the prosecutor's shop with another, who I secured; I saw the property in Powell's hands.


                  GEORGE 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am a Policeman. I saw the prisoner running through Castle-street; I followed and took him, with the two saws under his coat, and the stock in his hand - I took him to the shop, and Mitchener claimed the property; the bill against the other two was thrown out.


                  ROBERT 
                  ISAACSON
               



            . I am a Policeman. Powell and I were together; I saw the prisoner cross the street - I secured one of the others.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
