





943. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITHSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of April
, 1 coat, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Whittington
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITTINGTON
               



            . I drive a cab
. On the 16th of April, at near nine o'clock at night, I drove a coach on the stand for the coachman - I had my great coat on my arm, the prisoner was standing by the side of the horses, but he had nothing do to with the stand; I waited, and the coachman came up with a coat on his arm, which he gave me, and told me to throw it on the box, which I tried to do, but as I had the whip in my hand, and my own coat on my arm, I could not do it; the prisoner said "Give me your coat, and whip to put the coat on the box;" I did so, and got up to put the coat on the box, and while I did that the prisoner laid the whip on the horses, and ran off with my great coat - I have never seen it since, but the prisoner was taken the next day - I swear he is the man.
Prisoner. Q. He asked a great many people if they saw a man with a drab waistcoat on? A. Yes, I did; you wore a drab waistcoat.


                  EDWARD 
                  PERKINS
               



             (police-constable E 139). I took the prisoner the next morning, he had the same drab waistcoat on that he has now.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at work for a man who was ill; theprosecutor came in and asked a man if he was Tomthe furrier, meaning me, he said No, but I was gone below; when I came up he said I was the man, and offered me a gallon or two of beer, if I would give him his coat; I said I had not had it - he then went away, and after I had started off a coach, and was going to have something to drink, he returned with an officer and took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
