



1980. 




MARY ANN CROOKS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
6th of September, 1 handkerchiefs, value 6d., the goods of 



John Granquest, from his person.






JOHN GRANQUEST
. On the 6th of September, after one o'clock in the morning, I called in at Mr. Francis's to buy half an ounce of tobacco—I was smoking a pipe at the doorway—the prisoner came up to me and put her left arm over my shoulder, and said, "Young man, you had better go

home and sleep with me to-night"—I made her no answer—she asked me again—I took no notice of her—I was talking to a gentleman, and she went out—I heard a gentleman call a policeman, and say, "That is the woman that took the handkerchief"—I went over, and the policeman asked her to give up the handkerchief she had taken out of the man's pocket—she refused, and as he laid hold of her the handkerchief dropped from her clothes on the pavement—the policeman took it up—It was mine, and had been in my right-hand pocket—I did not know it had gone.





REUBEN WEBB
. I am a policeman. I was the prosecutor smoking his pipe, and saw the prisoner come across the road, and lay hold of his shoulder, and say to him, "Come home with me, I will take care of you"—his hat fell off—he stooped to pick it up, and she put her hand into his pocket, took his handkerchief, and ran away with it—I ran and caught her, and she denied having it—I said, "I saw you take it, I am certain you have it"—she denied—I took and shook her gown, and it fell on the pavement—I took it up, and the prosecutor claimed it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming along between twelve and one o'clock in the morning—I was this man standing at the door—I said, "Come along with me"—I was partly intoxicated—there was a man in the shop making a piece of work, and smoking—he stooped to pick his hat up, and I stooped and picked a handkerchief off the pavement—I did not take, it out of his pocket—he was at the top of the shop at the time it was lost—he was the length of this court from me, getting the other parties out of the shop.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Third Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

