





512. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for embezzlement
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.

LADY


                     MARY ANNE JULIA LOUISA HARRIET LOWRIE 
                     SANDWICH
                  




               
            . I live at No. 31, Dover-street


. The prisoner was in my service for about seventeen years - he was footman to Lord Sandwich, and since Lord Sandwich's death, he has been my confidential servant and butler
; it was the practice in my family for the prisoner to make out a list of bills due, and I gave him a cheque on Drummond's for the gross amount - a list was made out and presented to me every month, and when made out it was entered in the house-book, which is here; this is the cheque which I gave the prisoner in December, 1831, for bills due in November, including a sum due to Mr. Hayes for coals - the cheque I gave was for 171l. 15s.; here is the entry in the house-book of a sum due to Mr. Hayes in the prisoner's hand-writing of 67l. 10s.; it was shown to me in December, and here is the prisoner's hand-writing -"By draft for November bills 171l. 15s. 10d.;" I have since then been called upon by Mr. Hayes to make this pavment again.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. You gave the cheque to the prisoner in December? A. Yes, and the bills were given me at the same time; I do not always look over the bills, but this bill I did look over, and remember it.


                  GEORGE 
                  OLIVER
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Drummonds. Lady Sandwich keeps cash there; this is her cheque, and I paid it on the 7th of December, 1831 - it is payable to Mr. Taylor, or bearer; I have every reason to believe I paid it to the prisoner, as the entry in the book is in his name - the person who presented that, presented another cheque, drawn by Lady 
               
                  Caroline 
                  Montague
               



            , for 311l. 1s 8d.; they made together 482l. 16s. 8d. - I paid fifteen 20l. notes, sixteen 10l. and 22l. 16s. 8d. in cash.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAYES
               



            . I am a coal-merchant, and live in Oxford-street. I supply Lady Sandwich with coals; I delivered a bill of 67l. 10s., for coals up to the 10th of September, 1831, - I was never paid it; the last conversation I had with the prisoner was one morning, when I called by his desire; he excused himself by saying her Ladyship was not in town.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. See page 249.
There were two other indictments against the prisoner of a similar nature, at the suit of the same prosecutrix,




               Transport for Fourteen Years
            .
