



104. 




WILLIAM HENRY DOUGALL
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM HARRIS
. I am a solicitor, and live in Stone-buildings. The prisoner was my clerk—I am agent to Mr. Bishop, of Exeter—the prisoner was authorized to receive money due to me or Mr. Bishop, and pay it to me at the time, or else the same evening, and to send to me at the same time an account of all business done, and a part of that would be the money he had received and paid—he had a general authority for receiving money—on the 16th of March he gave me no account of the sum of 2l. 1s. 7d.—nor did he mention the transaction—on the 2nd of August he gave me no account of any sums of money received from Messrs Clark and Metcalf—nor any account of 3l. 16s.—or 4l. 0s. 6d. received of them on Mr. Bishop's account—I discharged him on the 2nd of November, this year—up to that time he had made no statement at all of these sums—I knew nothing about the receipt of them at that time—I have an account of them in the prisoner's hand-writing, given to me since—neither of these three sums have ever been paid me—I am the general agent of Mr. Bishop—I transact all his business—I receive money for him, and pay it—this paper was given me by Mr. Homerton, who recommended the prisoner to me as clerk—and there I find the prisoner had received several other sums, independent of these—Mr. Force was a clerk to Mr. Bishop, and he had been a clerk to me in January last—he was employed as my clerk, to collect accounts due to Mr. Bishop—the prisoner had no authority to receive these sums of money from any one but me—Mr. Bishop delivered me a book, which contains these sums, authorizing me to receive them—I had the list from him—there were two sums of Clerk and Metcalf, of 3l. 16s. and 4l. 0s. 6d.—they were due to Mr. Bishop—the prisoner had access to that book, which was delivered to me by Mr. Bishop himself.

JURY
Q. Did the prisoner render you an account of money received in May and August? A. Yes, and that account was checked every night by myself, and the balance paid over to me, whatever it was—the items in this indictment were never brought to account.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Then Mr. Force had no authority from Mr. Bishop to receive money, he was merely your clerk? A. No, except that Mr. Bishop said, "As Force is here, I hope you will let him have a couple of hours a day to receive them"—Force is no here—he had no authority to collect for Mr. Bishop on his own account—I should not have allowed it—Mr. Moon is a clerk of mine still—he told me he was subpœnaed, and of course I told him to come—on the 2nd of November I discharged the prisoner, because I found that he had received 20l. of a client—I did not tell him to come on the Saturday—he said he would come, and I acquiesced in it—I had no objection—this list was sent in before I discovered the deficiency in this indictment—on the evening of the day after he left me, or on the 4th, I am not sure, the 2nd was on Wednesday—I

believe it was sent in before the Saturday on which he was to call—he did not call—I never saw him till he was apprehended—I took a receipt for the salary I would him on the 2nd, that was 1l. 2s. 6d., but did not pay him—I desired him to give me the receipt, that I might retain it on account of 2l. I had lent him some time before, and part of which was due to me; and as he left me on the Tuesday I thought it was better to take as acknowledgment from him—the receipt was for the wages—I did not owe him any wages, they were due on the Saturday, and leaving me as he did I considered he was not entitled to any—this is the receipt—1l. 2s. 6d. was the salary for that week—I owned him no money on the 2nd of November—I never told him I would not prosecute—Mr. Force did not act as authorized by Mr. Bishop to receive his money—he is living at Exeter—Moon sat in the same room as the prisoner—Force never received accounts for Mr. Bishop which he was not obliged to account to me for—I never asked for any bill of exchange of the prisoner, nor authorized any body to ask it—I gave him 1l. 2s. 6d. a week—I was under no engagement, but I have occasionally given him cast-off clothes—I cannot say whether any person while Force was in the office, came and paid any of Bishop's debts to Force, and the prisoner—I did not allow Force any salary—he was an articled clerk—I had this book from Mr. Bishop himself, to receive the sums—this letter was delivered to me by him to receive the sum of 12s. 9d.—I had a letter to receive every sum in this book—I cannot show any authority to receive the sums mentioned in the indictment, because the prisoner has taken those letters, and called on the persons for the sums—I have had those letters withdrawn from my drawer, to which the prisoner had access—the parties would not have paid without some authority—the prisoner never to my knowledge paid any sums of money collected by him, to Force for Bishop, when Force was in the office—Force left in January last—this letter is an authority—there is no signature to it, but he had so many to collect (reads.) "Sir,—Above I send you the Under Sheriff's charges, which I will thank you to pay to Mr. William Harris, 5 Stone-buildings Lincolns Inn, as the delay in payment of these small bills occasions great inconvenience, your early attention will oblige,—Sir, your most obedient servant"—I received in each case in which I was to obtain money for Bishop, a special authority from him—I have asked the clerk of Metcalf and Clark whether he had any letter corresponding with the one I put in—the prisoner paid no money to Force by my desire or to my knowledge—Force has paid me no money on account of Mr. Bishop—I know he has received money for him—that was when he was in my office—he accounted to me for it, but did not pay it to me.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. When was this book given to you by Bishop? A. Some time at the latter end of January—I believe most of these items are Force's—this was put into my hands by Bishop—since that no other person has received authority to receive sums for Bishop, but myself—when I receive a debt, I go with this in my hand, to show I am the regular agent of Mr. Bishop—I show no authority—I have a general authority.

COURT. Q. You say Mr. Bishop placed in your hands this book and these letters? A. Yes, with an understanding to receive them, and an pursuance of that I have from time to time received or collected these sums by my clerks—if a person came to pay a sum of money I should receive it without a particular authority—Force left me about the end of January; the book I think is in the hand-writing of

Force, and part of this letter I think is Mr. Bishop's—the writing looks like it.





SAMUEL CULVERWELL
. I am a clerk in the office of the legacy duty. I paid the sum of 2l. 1s. 7d. on account of Mr. Bishop, to a clerk in Mr. Harris's office—he gave me a receipt which I have in my hand—I paid it to the person who wrote it—I received general dierections in a letter from Mr. Bishop to pay it to Mr. Harris, which I did on the 16th of March.

COURT. Q. By paying Mr. Harris's clerk, did you intend to pay Harris on account of Bishop? A. I did, and it was signed by the person I paid it to.





WILLIAM HARRIS
. This is the prisoner's hand-writing (reads) "Received the above charge for Mr. W. R. Bishop, 17th of March, 1836, for Mr. Harris."





JOHN HENRY WRIGHT
. I am clerk to Messrs. Clark and Metcalf solicitors, of Lincoln's Inn-fields. The prisoner came on the 6th of July—to the best of my recollection that was his first application—he called for two sums, 4l. 0s. 6d. and 3l. 16s., due to Mr. Bishop, of Exeter—he said he applied for Mr. Harris of Stone-buildings—I did not pay him on that day as I had no instructions—he called two or three times between that and the 2nd of August—on the 2nd of August I paid the money to the prisoner—for both sums—I have his receipts, written in my presence by him—I know his person.

Cross-examined. Q. Were these words "Mr. Harris, 5, Stone-buildings," on the paper, when he put his name to it? A. They were—last November twelvemonth that account was handed to me by Mr. Force—I had no orders to pay him—Force stated he was then staying at Mr. Harris's, Stone-building, and I put the name in the corner to refresh my memory.

MR. PHILLIPS to WILLIAM HARRIS. Q. Whose hand-writing is this? A. Mr. Bishop's (reads) "Above I send you my charges, which I will thank you to pay to Mr. Edwin Force, the bearer hereof. For your obedient servant, W.R. Bishop."

MR. WRIGHT
re-examined. This was first presented in the month of November, 1835, and I did not like to pay till I wrote to our clients—we did not question the charge, we only wanted our clients' authority to pay it—I put Mr. Harris, Stone-buildings, on it when it was delivered—we were to pay it to Mr. Force while he was in town, but we afterwards paid it to the prisoner.

COURT. Q. In consequence of your clients' letter, was you prepared to pay Harris? A. Yes—these accounts were due from Clark and Metcalf to Bishop, as agents for Mr. Coleman of Birmingham, an attorney; and, in consequence of the letter I received, I was prepared to pay Harris the money, considering him the agent of Bishop.





WILLIAM HARRIS
. Mr. Force was my regular articled clerk, by regular articles from Mr. Bishop.
(MR. PHILLIPS
addressed the jury, stating that the prisoner had received these sums as the agent of Mr. Force, who was the agent of Mr. Bishop.)





WILLIAM MOON
. I am clerk to the prosecutor. I remember Mr. Force coming to town the beginning of October, 1835—he brought some bills—they were items of debts due to Mr. Bishop—I recollect his giving them to the prisoner about the time when he first came there—he told the prisoner to collect the money for him, as he did not know any thing about town—he was to allow him one per cent—I am not aware that I heard

him say that, but he did allow it him—I myself never received any of these debts—on Force's leaving town, the prisoner accounted to him for money he had received, and I believe he pad him 10s. for what he had received—he collected about 50l.—on Force's leaving town he made up the books—I often saw the prisoner pay Force money—nothing was said that I recollect, but I know the money had been received by him.

COURT. Q. Force made up his book, and you afterwards saw the prisoner pay Force money, and took it for granted it was on account of Bishop? A. Yes.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. When did Force leave town? A. On the 22nd of January—I do not know of the prisoner or Force acting as agents from that time—I have seen Mr. Bishop in our office—Mr. Harris acts as his agent—this book was in Mr. Harris's possession lately—Force had a book something like this, but I do not know whether it is this—it was kept in Mr. Harris's drawer—I have seen it there four months and more—it was kept there in August I think.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you remember Force coming to town since August? A. Yes, I have seen them together—I heard nothing about Mr. January last—I have seen them together—I heard nothing about Mr. Bishop.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you make a copy of that book by Mr. Harris's order? A. Yes, nearly five months ago—it was then in his possession—the copy I made was then given to Bishop.
(Mr. Sweet, a pork-butcher, Upper-marsh, Lambeth; James Buckley, tailor, Great Waterloo-street; William Church Salmon, coppersmith, Waterloo-road; Mr. Wall, engineer, Waterloo-road; and Matthew Hawthorn, a publican of Russell-court, gave the prisoner a good character.)

Prisoner. Mr. Harris, suspecting I received these sums, stopped my wages, and he has an I O U for money borrowed of him—you will see I paid 1l. 9s. out of it, and he stopped the receipt of my salary thinking I had taken these two sums; and he likewise said if I had; received them, if I would get my friends to come forward and make up the money I was welcome to do it—Mr. Harris never received a sixpence of the money that Force received, nor of the sums in that book—Mr. Force gave me instructions to receive them.




GUILTY. Aged 23.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury
.



Transported for Seven Years.
