





1370. 
               
                  
                     CAROLINE ANN 
                     BUCKMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of July
, 1 £50 Bank note, themonies of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Harwood
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Deborah 
                        Turner
                     



, against the statute, &c.


                  MARY 
                  HARWOOD
               



            . I am single
, and live with my sister Deborah Turner - she keeps a house in Chapel-street, Pentonville, in the parish of St. James' Clerkenwell


 - the prisoner had been her servant
 for twelve months, within a few days, before the 11th of July - on that day she was sent out to buy some pork; she did not return, and in the evening we heard she was in custody - my attention was then directed to a 50l. note, which was my property, and which I had had in a chest of drawers in my bed room; the drawer was locked, there was other cash in the same drawer; I did not miss the note till my attention was called to it - I had received it from Grote's, the bankers, on the 20th of June; I had only that one 50l. note - I saw the broker write a pencil memorandum of the number of that note, and the policeman has that memorandum - after I had received the note I compared the number and date of it with that memorandum, and I saw it was correct; it was No. 9139, dated 14th May, 1833 - it was my sole property, and that was the note I lost - I had not sent the prisoner to buy any linen, or to buy anything with that note.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had your sister a part property in that note? A. No; nor in any of the money in that drawer - I don't know how the drawer had been opened; there was the appearance of the mahogany being chipped off a little, but I found it locked.


                  GEORGE 
                  READ
               



            . I keep a linendraper's shop, at No. 40, Upper-street, Islington - on the 11th of July the prisoner came to my shop, about eight o'clock in the evening; she said she wished to purchase a few goods, but she could not unless I could give her change for a 50l. note - I said I could give her change, but I asked where she came from; she said, from No. 14, Camden-street - I told her it was a larger amount than I liked to give change for to a stranger; she said she could get change at the grocer's just above - I then said I would give her change, and she purchased goods to the amount of 2l. 4s. or 2l. 5s.; she gave me the note, and I wrote on the back of it "Miss Turner, 14, Camden-street," which was the name and address she gave; when I gave her the change I said I would send a young man with her to see that all was right - she then said she was not going home, that she was going to the dress maker's, and the dress maker knew her - I told my young man privately to follow her, and not leave her till he had seen her home; my young man is not here - I afterwards found the prisoner was in custody - I had kept the note and given her the change; this is the note.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure it is the same note? A. Yes; it has my writing on it.


                  JAMES 
                  FOX
               



             (police-constable N 196). I received information that a 50l. note had been passed at Mr. Read's, by a young woman who had given a false address, and who had gone off with two young men - I followed, and took the prisoner in Chapel-street, about ten o'clock - I found these articles, which had been purchased at Mr. Read's, some on her person, and some at a dress maker's - I found on her four 5l. notes, one 10l. note, seventeen sovereigns, and 19s. in silver.


                  GEORGE 
                  DYER
               



            . I am a clerk in the Bank - this note was brought in on the 19th of July, and paid it in cash.
MARY HARWOOD. This is my note.


                  GEORGE 
                  READ
               



            . This is the note; I paid it away for goods to Bishop & Hall, in the Borough - I wrote the name on it in the prisoner's presence, and I took the number before I paid it away - I gave her 47l. 15s. in gold, notes, and silver; this property is what I sold her.


                  William 
                  Crossley
               



            , a tailor, at Carshalton, gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
