





1189. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  HEWITT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of March
, 2 beds, value 10l.; 2 bolsters, value 2l.; 4 pillows, value 2l.; 2 quilts, value 1l.; and 2 tables, value 10l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Wellsted
               




            .
The Prosecution was conducted by Mr. HEATON.


                  CHARLES 
                  FREDERICK WELLSTED
               



            . I am the son of James Wellsted - I manage his business - on the 28th of March, the prisoner came to my father's premises, and said he was required by Mr. 
               
                  Calvert 
                  Browning
               



            , of Lincoln's-inn-fields, to have some beds, and other articles which he named, for Mr. Bulmer, of Upper Seymour-street - he asked what the hire of them would be, and I said, 26s. a month - he said he would see Mr. Browning, and come the next day, which he did - he said he considered it a reasonable charge, and as Mr. Bulmer was a particular gentleman, he would require the beds to be put in new cases - we sent the first portion of them by King and Warren, on the 19th, and the remainder on the 21st - I have seen the goods since, and identified them - two of the quilts are here.
Prisoner. I never mentioned Mr. Bulmer's name, or Mr. Browning's. Witness. A. Yes, you did; I did not see you call a few days afterwards to recommend us a customer - after you had ordered these goods, you gave me a paper, which was a memorandum of the goods, and where they were to go - it had your name to it, but if you had applied for the goods for yourself, they would not have been delivered to you - we knew Mr. Browning, and sent them for him.


                  GEORGE 
                  WARREN
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Wellsted. On the 19th of March I delivered two rosewood card tables, one bolster, one pillow, and two white counterpanes, at No. 55, Upper Seymour-street - on the 21st, I went with King and took some other goods - when we got to the door we met the prisoner, who spoke to King.


                  CHARLES 
                  KING
               



            . I went there on the 21st of March to take some goods - I met the prisoner at the door - he said,"You have brought the goods from Mr. Wellsted?" - I said,"Yes" - he said, "They are, at present, fumigating the rooms - you had better not put the goods in, but bring them to my office, No. 73, Berkley-street, and as soon as the rooms are fumigated, they shall come here" - we took them, and put them in a small parlour by the side of his office.


                  CHARLES 
                  JAMES OWEN
               



            . I am a labourer. I was in the habit of doing jobs for the prisoner, till within a few days of his being taken - on the 19th of March, I went to his office, No. 73, Upper Berkley-street - he had told me, a few days before, that if I called, he would give me a job to carry a couple of beds - I pawned the goods stated - the two beds were pawned in one day, and the other articles at different times - I pawned these quilts, I got 6s. for one - the whole of the goods I got 8l. 15s. for - I gave the prisoner the duplicates and the money.


                  CHARLES 
                  CALVERT BROWNING
               



            . I am trustee for the house in Seymour-street - it was let to Mr. Bulmer, but I never authorized the prisoner to get goods from any one.
Prisoner's Defence. I had no intention of keeping the goods - I sent word what I had done, and Mr. Wellsted said, if I got one of the counterpanes out, there would be no charge brought against me.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 43. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
