






1807. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LOMAS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of a person unknown, from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  STANILAND
               



            . I am a tailor. On the 12th of September I saw the two prisoners together in Oxford-street


, between eleven and twelve o'clock - I saw Lomas take a handkerchief from a gentleman's pocket; Davis was by his side - I crossed to the gentleman, and asked if he had lost any thing; he said Yes, a handkerchief - this was in Dean-street; we went into Oxford-street, and followed the prisoners till they were taken into custody - I do not know who the gentleman was; the handkerchief was found in Davis' hat, but Lomas took it.
Davis. Q. Did not the gentleman say he could not swear to it? A. No, he said he would not have the trouble.


                  JOHN 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I crossed, and took the prisoners to the station - I found the handkerchief in Davis' hat; the gentleman said it was his.
Davis. Q. Did not the gentleman say he could not swear to it? A. He said he should not swear to it, nor have any more to do with it.
Davis' Defence. It is my own; I was going to the coach rank to see for my brother - I met this young man; I know no more of him than a stranger - I have seen him once or twice among the hackney-coaches; he said he would go with me, and we went to get some water - the Policeman came and took us; he took off my hat, and found the handkerchief - the gentleman said it was impossible to swear to it; I had it clean in my hat - my sister washed it for me.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
LOMAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
