





1041. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of February
, 5 jackets, value 40s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Driscol
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DRISCOL
               



            . I am a tailor
, and live in Four Awl-court, Rosemary-lane


. On the 29th of February I had some jackets laying in my place; I missed them about ten o'clock in the morning - I know they had been safe shortly before; I cannot say whether the door was open or not - I went to look for them, and found the prisoner with the jackets, in custody of the officer.


                  PEARCE 
                  DRISCOL
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner in Rosemary-lane - the prosecutor's wife had hold of him, and was crying out for an officer.


                  CATHERINE 
                  DRISCOL
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I found the prisoner with this bundle in Rosemary-lane; I asked what he had in it, for he had changed the wrapper; he had come to me two or three days before for a lodging.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was sitting at their house, and smoking my pipe; a shipmate came, and called me out; he had a bundle - he told me to hold it while he went to have a glass of grog; this woman then came up, and asked what I wanted with her bundle; I said, "There is the man who gave it me," but she would not go into the the house to see him.


                  CATHERINE 
                  DRISCOL
               



            . He was walking along with the bundle when I came up; he said, "It is a fine morning;" I took hold of his bundle, and said, "I should like to see what is in your bundle, as there was a bundle taken from my house a quarter of an hour ago;" he did not point out any man, but said he did not take them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 55. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
