




1535. 




ELIZA ROWLEY
 and 




CATHERINE BEAZLEY
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
30th of May, 1 purse, value 1s.; 3 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, and 4 shillings; the goods and monies of 



William Terry, from his person.






WILLIAM TERRY
. I am a carpenter, and live in Little Corim-street Russell-square. On the 3rd of May I had finished a job in the country, and was returning to my lodging, with four sovereigns which I had received—the prisoners accosted me in Thorney-street, St. Giles, and Beazley said they had a penny, and if they had another they could get a pint of beer, for they had had nothing since the morning—I had known them by sight before, but never spoke to them—I took them to a shop in Broad-street, St. Giles's, and changed a sovereign—I treated them to some gin and bitters, and then to some shell-fish—I spent 1s. 6d.—I was with them about three quarters of an hour—I took out my purse to pay and the landlord gave me half a sovereign and the silver, which they saw me

put into a purse in my trowser's pocket—after treating them again I was going home towards my lodging, and coming up Thorney-street again, they swore I should not leave them unless I gave them some money—I then put the purse into my coat pocket and buttoned it up—Rowley seized me, threw the flap of my coat up, and Beazley opened it, put her hand in to the pocket, took it out, and they ran away—a man stopped me and asked if they had robbed me, and said, "It is no use, you will not catch them"—that detained me and they escaped—I gave information to the police, and next morning Rowley was taken up—she had held me while Beazley put her had into my pocket and took the money—Rowley was remanded for a fortnight, and Beazley was afterwards taken—I have not a doubt about their persons—I have seen them together frequently for years.





THOMAS DOWSING
. I am a policeman. On Wednesday, the 30th of May, I saw the two prisoners in company with the prosecutor going into a public house in Broad-street—next morning the prosecutor told me what had occurred in George-street—I took Rowley into custody—she was remanded for a fortnight—I could not find Beazley, and at the end of the fortnight, Rowley was discharged, that I might find her companion, and in three days I took them both together.





GEORGE THORNTON
. After Beazley was discharged, I contrived to get both the prisoners together and then took them—Rowley said, "What is it you want me for, is it the same thing again?"

Rowley's Defence. This young woman was sitting in George-street—the prosecutor sat down by the side of us—she had a penny in her hand—he took us to a public-house, and paid for some girl-and-bitters—this was at another house—we came out, and he took Beazley to the house and paid 3d. for the room—he promised her a shilling—he said he must change half-a-crown to pay her, but he would only give her 5d—I never saw any more of him till I was taken up next morning.





WILLIAM TERRY

re-examined. I went to no house with them except where I treated them—I had drank nothing previous to meeting them.

ROWLEY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

BEAZLEY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Fifteen Years.
