





Before Lord Chief Justice Tenterden.
2105. 
               
                  ISAAC 
                  ISAACS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 19th of September
, 1 note of the Bank of Amsterdam, for 300 guilders, and one other note, for 200 guilders, value 41l. 12s. 5d., the property of 
                     
                        Michael 
                        Hart
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MICHAEL HART (through an interpreter.) I am a native of Amsterdam; I came to England nine or ten weeks ago, and lodge in Cox-square, with 
               
                  Norah 
                  Levy
               



             - I became acquainted with the prisoner, slightly, about a fortnight after I came to this country; I was courting his sister, and do so now. On a Monday morning, about eight o'clock, I met the prisoner in the neighbourhood, and went with him up the street to Whitechapel; we went into a public-house, and there had two quarterns of gin together- we then went back to the prisoner's lodging: before we got there he asked me if I had my notes about me, and asked why I did not change them, as I could get English money for them; I said that at present I was not in need of money, and thought of saving them a little longer - I had them in my pocket at the time; they were two Amsterdam notes, for three hundred and two hundred guilders- he asked me to come home, and I went to his lodgings in Gulston-street, Whitechapel


 - when we got up stairs he asked me to let him look at the notes; I took them out of my pocket, intending to show them to him - I held them in my own hand; the prisoner took them out of my hand with one hand, and gave me a blow with his other hand - he went down stairs; I did not follow him immediately -Cohen, his wife, and the prisoner's wife and sister were in the room; I saw the prisoner again at two o'clock - he was brought home by two strange men, drunk, and incapable of coming up stairs - I assisted him up; I went away for about two hours, then returned, and found him laying on the bed - there was nobody else but his wife in the room; he was not quite so bad, but still drunk - I afterwards asked him for my money; he said he did not know, for he was ill-treated - that was the reply he made; I ran about, and asked the advice of some persons - I went that evening to the Police-station, and told the inspector, who sent a Policeman with me, and he took the prisoner; I had a man with me, who interpreted for me - I have not seen or heard of my notes since - a guilder is worth 20d.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was not the prisoner against your marrying his sister? A. I do not know - I have three names in Holland, but since I have been in England I have only been called Michael Hart, and here is my hawker's licence in that name; I was so stunned with fright I could not follow the prisoner down stairs - I am sure I did not give him the notes to change - he took them out of my hand.
COURT. Q.What did he say when you asked him about the notes? A. I asked him for my money - he said nothing, but that he had been badly handled.


                  HART 
                  COHEN
               



            . I was in the prisoner's room when he and the prosecutor came in, between eight and half-past eight o'clock in the morning - they spoke in Hebrew, which I understood, but did not notice what they were talking about; I saw Hart open his pocket-book, and take out some papers - the prisoner snatched them out of his hand, gave him a push, and ran down stairs; I could not see what the papers were, but Hart called out in Hebrew,"I have lost five hundred guilders;" I had seen him in possession of a three hundred and two hundred guilders Amsterdam notes; I have not seen them since.
Cross-examined. Q. Who was in the room? A. My wife, the prisoner's wife, his sister, and children: he being an intended brother-in-law, I did not like to interfere - I did not call Stop thief! my wife was alarmed - the prosecutor was standing up; he could have followed him down stairs if he chose - I had merely called there because the children were ill with the measles; I saw two men carrying the prisoner home, drunk, about two o'clock; the prosecutor went to Brighton, and my son went with him as an interpreter, and I wrote to him, directing my letters "Lewis Cohen," which was my son's name - the prisoner was to inquire at the post-office for a letter in that name; my wife is too ill to be here.


                  JAMES 
                  WALTON
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner in charge; I found a shilling, a sixpence, and a few halfpence on him - he appeared to have been drinking; I searched all his pockets - there was no hole in either of them - I swear that.


                  THOMAS 
                  BICKNELL
               



            . I am an inspector of the Police. I was at the station-house on Monday, the 19th, when the prisoner was brought there by Walton - he appeared to have been drinking, but was capable of knowing what he was doing and saying; the prosecutor brought an interpreter, and as they were all Jews I asked the prisoner if he understood what the interpreter was saying; he said Yes, he understood every thing, but knew nothing about it, nor had he ever seen the notes; I am positive of that; I was before the Justice next morning - what he said was taken down by the Magistrate.
Prisoner. I have witnesses to call.


                  MARY 
                  ISAAC
               



            . I was at the prisoner's house, between eight and nine o'clock, when this gentleman came up stairs, and he gave Mr. Isaacs the notes - I live there as servant to the prisoner; I am not related to him; Mr. and Mrs. Cohen. Mr. and Mrs. Isaacs, and I were in the room, nobody else - I cannot speak Hebrew; I saw the prosecutor give the prisoner the notes; he put them into his pocket, had his breakfast, shaved himself, and went down - before he went down the prosecutor took out his pocket-book, and wrote downon a piece of paper, how many guilders there were, and how much they would come to - I did not read the paper; he wrote it in numbers - I understand numbers; the prisoner then went down - Mr. Cohen went down directly after.
Q. Do you know whether there was any quarrel between the prosecutor and prisoner about his sister? A. No, there was none - his sister was not there at all; the prisoner was afterwards brought home drunk - the prosecutor helped him up stairs.


                  BARNARD 
                  BARNARD
               



            . I called at the prisoner's house, between eleven and twelve o'clock, on the day this happened - I saw the prosecutor and a young woman there.


                  MICHAEL 
                  HART
               



            . I did not see the witness in the room at the time the prisoner took the notes - I saw her after I came up the second time.


                  HART 
                  COHEN
               



            . I did not notice Isaac there, and do not suppose that she was - it is a middling sized room, and has a bed in it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
