





2052. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MOSS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of October
, 1 watch, value 5l.; 2 seals, value 8s., and 2 keys, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Pattisson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  PATTISSON
               



            . I live in St. Martin's-court, Leicester-fields, and am a baker
. On the 28th of October, about eleven o'clock at night, I was in Drury-lane, perfectly sober - I had just come from home; I had my watch in my fob - I was standing in a mob at the corner of Russel-court


; their Majesties were at the theatre - a person came behind me, seized me by my arms and elbows, and I found a hand at my pocket; I put down my hand, and my watch was drawn out - I seized the watch, and seized the person's hand, and called for an officer; he got the watch entirely out of my fob - I am certain I gave the same person to the officer; the prisoner is the man I found at the station, but I could not identify his face - I am sure I gave the officer the man who took my watch.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see my hand under your arm? A. I felt it and seized it, and at the same time seized him by the collar - I caught hold of both his hands; I seized the watch, pressed his arm down, and held it till the officer took him.


                  THOMAS 
                  POCOCK
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was attending the theatre, and heard the prosecutor cry out Police - I was about two yards from him; I came up, and saw him holding the prisoner - he charged him with taking his watch; he had the prisoner by one hand and the watch in the other.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was standing at the corner of Russell-court - n young man called for the Police; he caught hold of one man, let him go, and then took me.
GEORGE PATTISSON. I laid hold of nobody else, and never let him go till the officer took him - he pulled his right arm out first, and on my seizng the watch he let go; I held one of his arms all the while.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
