



660. 



THOMAS MARSHALL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of January, at Woolwich, 1 bag, value 1d., and 11 sovereigns, the goods and monies of 



George Marshall, in his dwelling-house.






MARY MARSHALL
. I am the wife of George Marshall, and live in the parish of Woolwich. The prisoner is my son—on the 16th of January he said to me, "Give me my discharge, and I will go up to London."I unlocked the box and gave him his discharge from it (he has been in the Artillery)—I had eleven sovereigns in the box—he said, "I want the other things"—I said to him, "Tom, you have nothing else here," and with that he swung my things out and took the eleven sovereigns—I strove to hinder him, but I could not—I would have locked the box again, but he kept the key in his mouth—he went to the door and flung the key on the floor, and said, "I have got what I want," and went out—I saw him again three das after—he opened the door and came in, but did not speak, or if he did I did not hear him—he went to the cupboard—I said, "Tom, what do you want?"—he said he wanted the spoons—I asked him if he had brought me any of the money back—he said, no, he never had 5s. of it—I had put to spoons away, and he sat down—I was all of a shaking and trembling—somebody went out and fetched a constable, and I gave charge of him—I am sure I had had eleven sovereigns in the box—they were in a little purse—I had seen them safe a day or two before, and had had the key in my possession—I saw him take them—he was scrambling about—I cannot say I saw him take them, but I will swear be got them.





SUSAN MUCKLOW
. I keep a lodging-house at Woolwich. On Monday, the 16th of January, the prisoner came to my house with a woman, and asked me if he could have a lodging—he stopped there till night, and then gave me ten sovereigns and 7s. to take care of for him till morning—I

went to his bed-room between eight and nine o'clock the next morning and offered him the money—he told roe to keep 1s. for the bed for the night for him and his wife, and return him 10l. 6s.—I did so, and he at first told me I was to give it to his wife—he was quite sober then—I gave it to him, and he gave it to the woman, and told her she was to do as she thought proper with it—he said he had the money from his master, who was on command in the Artillery, and this was to keep him till his master returned—the female took the money, and I believe took some things out of pawn—on the Wednesday morning she had four sovereigns, which she offered to him—he said she was to keep it and do as she thought proper with it—the young woman told him on Thursday that she must go away, as she thought he was getting it in a dishonest manner, and she would not stop—I did not know she was not his wife.





JANE AGGRIS
. I live at Woolwich. I went with the prisoner on the night of the 16th to Mrs. Mucklow's house—I had been with him before—I saw him give Mrs. Mucklow ten sovereigns and 7s.—he demanded it of her next morning, and gave it to me, telling me to buy what I thought proper, and take somethings out of pawn—he gave me ten sovereigns and sixpence—he was perfectly sober then—I believe he was rational—I had slept with him—he said his master was gone on command, and had given him the money to keep him during the seven days he was gone—I had the money in my possession, and we spent part of it—we had a great deal to drink, bottles of wine and liquor—I took a cloak out of pawn, and bought a gown—I did not know him before the Saturday—he afterwards said he would give me 20l. to stop with him.

Prisoner. I never saw the 10l. 7s. after that night.





SAMUEL NICHOLLS
. I am a constable of Woolwich. I went after the prisoner, and found him at his father's house, on Thursday evening, the 19th—I asked him what he had done with the money—he said he had spent part of it—I asked him where the other part was—he said he did not know exactly, but he said it was not in money—I asked him what it was in—he said clothes, which he had given to a woman he had been with to do what the pleased with—I asked her name—he said, "Mary," and afterwards said it was Jane—I asked where she lodged—he said, "At Mrs. Mucklow's"—I went to Mrs. Mucklow, and she told me what she has now said—the prisoner said afterwards that the money was of no use to him, and he gave it to the girl to go and purchase clothes, because she was not dressed fine enough, and he got rid of it as fast as he could—I have some clothes here which the girl bought, and here is a gold ring which he bought—I have a bag here which the mother swears to—he was sober, and in his senses.

MRS. MARSHALL
re-examined. This is the bag the money was in.

Prisoner's Defence. I was without victuals for days, and did not know what to do—my father was always very strict with me because I was a favourite with my mother, and every thing I did was wrong.




GUILTY
. Aged—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutrix, who stated that he had never robbed her before, and also by the Jury. 


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

