



1348. 




CAROLINE TAYLOR
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
25th of April, 1 tea-caddy, value 1s.; 1 shaving-box, value 1s.; 1 tinder-box, value 1s. 6d.; 3 brushes, value 2s.; 1 cotton-box, value 1s.; and 2 sovereigns; the goods and monies of 



Ezekiel Johnson.






EZEKIEL JOHNSON
. I am a West Indian. I am steward of His Majesty's ship the Thunderer—I was ill and invalided—I came round to take my pension—I meant to retire to Plymouth—I had bought some things for my own use—on the 25th of April I fell in with the prisoner at Greenwich—I do not know the name of the street, for I was a mere stranger—I met her in the afternoon—I could not say whether she first spoke to me or I to her—I was looking for a lodging, and she said she could help me to one—I went home with her to a room up one pair of stain, where there were two beds—two persons were in one bed before we went in—I did not know who they were—I did not look into that bed at all—there was a spare bed for us—the prisoner and I went to bed together—I went in first—I undressed—I had two sovereigns in money, besides my bundle of goods, which had in it a tea-caddy, a shaving-box, a tinder-box, and the other articles stated—the sovereigns were in a little bag that hung to my neck next my skin; they were there when I went to bed—I had paid the prisoner some money; I do not know how much—I think our agreement was for 5s.—I paid her before, and I paid for the bed before I turned in—we went to bed between nine and ten o'clock—I fell asleep, and in the morning, when I awoke, the prisoner was gone, and all my things, and the money that had been tied round my neck—the man who had been in the other bed was gone, but the woman was there, and she is here now—I should not have known the prisoner's name but for this woman—I went for an officer, and gave him a description of my goods—I saw the prisoner again the next day (I think) before the Magistrate—I am sure she is the person.

Prisoner. You never gave me a farthing. Witness. Yes, I did—they would not let me have the lodging till I paid the money—I gave her 5s., and paid 1s. 6d. for the bed.





THOMAS JUDSON
. I keep the Red Lion, at Greenwich. The prisoner gave me these articles to take care of for her, on the 25th of April—they were tied up in paper, and I gave them to the constable—she told me to take care of them, and let no one have them but herself, and she would call the night after—it was between five and six o'clock in the morning.

Prisoner. Q. Did not the parcel contain a tea-caddy and a cotton-box? A. I do not know; it was wrapped up in a paper.





SOPHIA STANHOUSE
. I know the prisoner. On the 25th of April I slept at my own lodging with a young man named Powell—there were two beds in the room; the prisoner occupied the other bed—I knew nothing about the prosecutor being there till I awoke about three o'clock in the morning,

when the prisoner and he were in the room; I got up, and asked Powell to give me money to get something to drink; he gave me 4d. to get a pot of beer, and just as I was going out at the door, the prisoner said, "Will you bring me something in?" I said, "I don't mind"—I was gone three quarters of an hour, because the door was not open, and when I came back I saw Powell was up and dressed—I said to him, "What are you up for, you had better go to bed, it is too soon to get into the barracks—he said, "No; come and have something to drink"—I went with him, and the prisoner came after us—we were going on the way to Woolwich, and, just as we got by the White Horse, she pulled out her glove and said, "I have got two sovereigns which have not been changed"—we told the policeman.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see the two sovereigns? A. No; but she said there were two sovereigns in the glove—when I went out in the morning, she gave me the halfpence to bring her a quartern of gin.





WILLIAM DAVIS
. I am an inspector of police. About nine o'clock in the morning, on the 25th of April, I received information from the last witness that a sailor had been robbed, and they were in the eating-house—I went, and found the prisoner and a marine with her—I found 15s. on her, and 6s. 7d. on him—I took them to the station-house, and then went to the prosecutor, who said he had been robbed.

Prisoner. Q. When you came to me did I deny any thing? A. No; you threw the glove down, and I found a crown-piece, four half-crown-pieces, and 4 1/2 d. in copper, in the glove.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor bought these things for me at a hardware-shop—he told me to choose what I liked—he gave me no money—I did not ask for any, as he had bought me the things—the witness got up, and went out for some beer—she did not return, and we went to look for her—the marine went with me—the officer came into the public-house which we went into, and took me.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
