





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
88. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of July
, 1 watch, value 10l.; 1 seal, value 1l.; 1 key, value 5s.; 1 ring, value 5s.; 1 net frill, value 6d.; 1 silver tongue-scraper, value 2s.; 1 dress, value 1l.; 1 crape collar, value 1s.; 2 pill-boxes, value 1/2d.; 1 portmanteau, value 5s., and two 10l. Bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  Barbara 
                  Anson
               




            .


                  MARIAN 
                  PARK
               



            . I live at Gravesend - Barbara Anson is my cousin; she was at Gravesend accidentally. On the 29th of July I saw part of the articles stated put into a black leather portmanteau.


                  RUBINA 
                  MARY PARK
               



            . I did not see the portmanteau packed up, but I saw it put on board the Essex steamer, and accompanied Mrs. 
               
                  Barbara 
                  Anson
               



             to the steamer on Friday, the 29th of July; they left Gravesend at nine o'clock in the morning - Mrs. Anson is now in Scotland, and in bad health; I know her name is Barbara - she was coming to London, and I was with her.


                  JOHN 
                  RANGECROFT
               



            . I am an officer. I remember the Essex steamer coming to the new steam wharf on the 29th of July, with the passengers and luggage; as soon as the vessel came alongside, I saw the prisoner get over the paddle-box from the vessel, and he passed me in Upper-Thames-street, carrying a black portmanteau on his shoulder - I am sure he is the person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOFTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Gilbert-street, Grosvenor-square. The prisoner came to my shop on the 8th of August, and pawned this picture; on the 21st of October he came again, and tendered this watch to pawn for 10l. - I asked if it was his own; he said it was, but seeing the crest on it, I had suspicion, and asked where he got it - he said he bought the duplicate of it in Sackville-street, Dublin, for 1l., of a boy in the street, but he did not know the name of the boy, or the pawnbroker he redeemed it from; I had him taken.
Prisoner. I never saw the picture. Witness. I can swear he is the person.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to the office on Friday, the 21st of October - I asked where he lived, and he told me correctly; I went there, looked in his box, and found this tongue-scraper, this needle-work with the needle in it, which the lady who is here says she worked, and two small boxes with Lady Anson's name on them; the prisoner said he bought them in Petticoat-lane.


                  MARIAN 
                  PARK
               



            . I know all this property to be Mrs. Anson's.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he had been in Ireland from May till the 5th of October, and purchased the duplicate of the watch there, which he redeemed,and offered it in pledge in London, but that he had not pledged the miniature.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
