



314. 




JOSEPH AUTEY
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.


MESSRS CLARKSON
and
GURNEY
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES BURLS
. I am secretary to the Gas Light and Coke Company. They have a station in Horseferry-road, Westminster—the prisoner was a collector—his district included the Albany and the parish of St. George, Hanover-square—the rents were collected quarterly—it was his duty, after collecting the money, to return to the office at Westminster, and enter those sums from his collecting-book into a cash-book at the office—this is one of his collecting-books (looking at one)—he enters the names of the debtors to the Company here, before he receives the money—when he receives it, he enters the date and the amount—he attends weekly at the office—he enters in the cash-book what he receives, and from whom—he then signs the account—there is also an abstract of the sums received, made and signed by him—this is his collecting-book to June last—here are two sums of 34l. 13s. each, entered as due from the Albany.

Q. If these sums were received by the prisoner on the 16th of June, what was it his duty to do? A. To enter them in this book as received—these are not so entered—it would not be his duty to enter more than the sums he received, he should enter the date—he attended at the office at the close of that week to make up his accounts—if on the week following the 16th of June he had received any sums, he should have entered them—the entries of that week are signed by the prisoner—if he had received these two sums in June, they ought to appear in this column of the abstract, under the head of "Public Accounts received"—it is divided into public and private accounts—those sums do not appear here.


Q. If on the 26th of September he received 2102l. 10s. from the parish of St. George, Hanover-square, ought that to appear in this book? A. Certainly—it does not appear, but the sum of 2101l. 18s. 8d. is entered, which is composed of the quarter due at Lady-day 1050l. 10s. 2d., and the quarter to Midsummer 1051l. 8s. 6d.—there is no return made of the quarter ending at Michaelmas—there is no return of the sum of 1051l. 1s. 6d. for Michaelmas—it does not appear in the abstract—this is the weekly book, signed by him—it does not appear in that.

COURT. Q. This sum ought to have appeared in both those documents? A. Certainly.

MR. GURNET. Q. Previous to the 4th of this month had you made any inquiry of the officers of the Company? A. Yes; and in consequence of what I learned, I summoned Mr. Autey to attend the office in Bridge-street—he attended on a Thursday, I think, the 4th of this month—the Committee of Accounts, who were then sitting, put questions to him—I had prepared a list of sum's, which I have here, and he was called upon to explain discrepancies in the accounts; he was first asked----

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was he not told that it would be to his interest to make a full statement? A. No: not in my presence.

MR. GURNEY. Q. What question was put to him? A. First, whether he had received the Albany account to Midsummer—he said he had—he was then asked if he had received the account of the parish of St. George, Hanover-square, to Michaelmas, 1834—the turn of 1051l. 1s. 6d. was mentioned—he said he had—he was then asked what he had done with the money—he said he could not tell, he had a large family—there were other sums mentioned to him.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was a gentleman named Bateman in the room? A. Yes, he is one of the directors—he did not say he had better make a full confession.





WILLIAM BATEMAN, ESQ
. I am one of the directors of this Company. I was present at the committee of accounts, when the prisoner was brought before them—there was a discussion about the receipt of various sums by him—I requested him to state the whole amount of his defalcation, but without any pledge or promise of any kind—I said nothing about his being given into custody—I did not say it would be better for him to be candid—I desired him to be candid and give a correct account, because, as one of the committee, I was anxious to give a correct account to the Company.

MR. GURNEY
to
MR. BURLS. Q. Was any other question put to the prisoner? A. He was asked to state the amount of hit deficit—he said he could not at the moment—he was then asked whether it was as much as 3000l.—he said, No, it was about 2,500l.

Cross-examined. Q. How many of the committee were present? A. There were four present, but I believe only (Mr. Bateman) questioned him—I am not aware that any one put a question to him beside—I summoned him to attend, and stated that it was to attend the committee of accounts—that was not a usual summons, but he attended promptly and fairly—I suppose the prisoner might receive about 25,000l. in the course of a year, in divers sums, large and small—I should say it was not likely mistakes could be made in the accounts—Mr. Autey was remarkably correct."

Q. Was he allowed to deposit the sums he received at his own private banker's? A. I believe he did—I am not aware that the directors knew of it—I did not then know that every payment he made to the Company was by a cheque on his own bankers, but I know it now—I am not aware

of any rule to prohibit the collecting clerks holding more than 100l. in their hands—I am not aware of any specified amount which they might keep in their hands—the business is conducted at three different stations—I am secretary to the Company generally—I know of no such rule—there are arrear collectors, to collect the arrears of the collector's books—I think it is their business to collect private accounts—I will not swear that they do not collect public accounts—a gentleman named Suffield is chief clerk in the light office—it was his duty to collect the returns made during the current quarter—it is his duty to transfer any arrears into the arrear collector's books—I think the prisoner has been in the Company's employ sixteen or seventeen years—I do not know him in private.

COURT. Q. What are the two sums in this book, £1050,10s. 2d., and £1051, 8s. 6d.? A. These are the sums due for the two quarters, and against them is written 26—9, meaning the 26th of September.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. These books were, of course, regularly handed to you? A. No, not to me, to the collector—the prisoner made out his account, and handed it to the collector—I have seen the receipt of what he had received, and he admitted that he had received it at the committee of accounts—that he had received the two sums amounting to 2102l. 10s. on the 26th of September.

COURT. Q. Do you mean that he stated that he had received those sums that day, or that on that day he had funds amounting to that sum? A. He admitted that he had received, on the 26th of September, of the parish of St. George, Hanover-square, two sums amounting to 2102l. 10s.

Q. Then was the parish of St. George, Hanover-square, one quarter in arrear? A. No, the Lady Day quarter he made no return of having received—when he received these two sums, he made a return for the Lady-day and Midsummer quarters, whereas, in point of fact, he that day received the Midsummer and the Michaelmas quarters.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When was it the duty of the collectors to return their accounts to the arrears collectors? A. I believe there was no regular time, it was left to their discretion—the arrear collector was not a check on the other collectors, but to collect those accounts which would require more time than the other collectors could give—there have been three different arrear collectors appointed—I believe the prisoner has a large family—he had an opportunity of absconding if he had chosen.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You have been asked upon the subject of mistakes—when the prisoner was asked those questions before the committee of accounts, did he allege that he had made any mistakes? A. Not at all—the collecting clerk should pay his monies in when he received it, not at his own discretion—if he had received the Lady-day quarter in March, he certainly ought to have entered it—the Lady-day and Midsummer quarters due from St. George, Hanover-square, do not make the same aggregate as the quarters of Midsummer and Michaelmas do—I think the difference is 8s. 6d. or 8s. 8d.—he inserts on the 26th of September, the sums arising from Lady-day and Midsummer, and has omitted the Michaelmas quarter entirely—he received on that day 2,102l. 10s., being the amount for Midsummer and Michaelmas, and has entered 2,101l. 18s. 8d., being the amount of Lady-day and Midsummer—in this book the account of St. George, Hanover-square, to Michaelmas, is 1051l. 1s. 6d.—it is entered as a debt, and not paid, and this is one of the items on which he was examined before the committee of accounts, which he admitted he had received—and when asked what he had done with the money, said he did not know.


COURT. Q. If the September quarter did not become due till the 29th, how could you expect it should appear in this book on the 26th? A. It does not appear.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When does it appear as a debt? A. On the 29th.





WILLIAM THOMAS LUXMOORE
. I reside in the Albany. The Gas Light and Coke Company were employed to light that place—on the 16th of June I paid the prisoner, on account of the Gas Light and Coke Company, 69l. 6s., by a cheque on Drummonds the bankers.





JAMES JOHN MILLS
. I am clerk to Messrs. Drummonds—I have a cheque for 69l. 6s., dated the 16th of June, 1834, which I paid.

MR. LUXMOORE. This is the cheque I gave him.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe the prisoner gave you a receipt at once? A. Yes.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was the receipt on a wrong stamp? A. I believe it was—this is it.

MR. BURLS
re-examined. I could not swear to the prisoner's hand-writing.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you not been swearing to his handwriting all the evening? A. I have never seen him write—I believe the entries to be his writing.





CHARLES WINNALL DALTON
. I have seen the prisoner write frequently—this name of "Ransom and Co." across the cheque, is his writing—these books and abstracts are also his writing.





ROBERT LEES
. I am clerk to the paving-board of the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. We are supplied with gas from the Gas Light Company—on the 24th of March last, I paid the prisoner 1,050l. 10s. 2d., by a cheque on Messrs. Drummonds—I drew the cheque—it was signed by three committee-men, and I counter-signed it—it was for gas supplied from Christmas to the 25th of Marsh, 1834—the next payment I made to the prisoner was on the 26th of September, when I paid him 1,051l. 8s. 6d. for the quarter ending in Midsummer; and 1,051l. 1s. 6d. for the quarter ending at Michaelmas, making a total of 2,102l. 10s.—I paid it on the 26th of September, for the convenience of the parish—I took receipts of the prisoner on each occasion—these are the three receipts.





JAMES JOHN MILLS

re-examined. These are the cheques, signed by the directors of the paving-board (looking at them)—I paid then.

MR. LEES. These are the cheques I gave the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it at your suggestion that the prisoner received this money before it was actually due to the Company? A. It was for the convenience of the Committee, that they might make up their accounts—I believe I might suggest it.

MR. BURLS
re-examined. If he had received, on the 26th of September, a sum not due till the 29th, it was his duty to account for it within the week.





THOMAS HERDSFIELD
. I am a City officer. I took the prisoner on Thursday, the 4th of December, in Bridge-street, Blackfriars—I found some papers on him—I took him to Giltspur-street Compter; and, on the 10th, after he was committed, as I was taking him to Newgate, he asked me if I thought he should be as comfortable there as he had been at Giltspur-street—I told him I thought he would—he said, "I shall give no trouble; I intend to plead guilty"—I believe that was all he said, except desiring me to call for his coat and bundle.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you related all that you stated to this gentleman before? A. I think I have—I do not know of any thing more—

I did not mention any specific sum that he was charged with taking.
(The receipts were here put in and read.)

Prisoner's Defence. The accounts of the Company had got into such an intricate state for some years past, that I must throw myself on the mercy of the Jury.
(Thirty-one respectable witnesses deposed to the prisoner's previous good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 10.—(Recommended to mercy by the Jury in consequence of his good character, and thinking there had been gross negligence on the part of the Company in not attending to their accounts better.)—

Transported for Seven Years.

