





1303. 




WILLIAM EDWARD WATERMAN
 and 




RICHARD REEVES
 were indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of May, 160lbs. weight of sugar, value 5l., the goods of 




John Dale
; and 




MARY RING



for feloniously receiving the same well knowing it to have been stolen.





JAMES DALE
. I am servant to John Dale, of Guildford-street, Borough—he is a carman. On the 3rd of May Mr. Tokely gave an order to get two hogsheads of sugar from the London Docks—I gave the order to the prisoner Waterman—in the course of business he would be able to get the sugar.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Is he in your father's service? A. Yes.





MATTHEW WATKINS
. I am delivery foreman at the London Docks. On the 3rd of May. I received the order for two hogheads of sugar—I delivered them to Waterman—No, "66," weighed 13cwt. 23lbs. and No. "67," was 13 1/2 cwt. 13lbs.

Cross-examined, Q. Did you put that down on Paper? A. Yes; it is here—it was made when I was subpoenaed at Worship-street, and this other was to refresh my memory before I came into court.

COURT, Q. You made an original document? A. Yes' that was delivered to the carman when he received the goods—that I am not in Possession of—this is a copy of it—when we deliver goods the order and the ✗ notes are returned to the carman—it was in the afternoon.






WILLIAM WARE
, I live in King-street, Tower-hill. I am a headborough—on Tuesday, the 3rd of May. I was in Brick-lane, between four and five o'clock—I saw a cart with the name of Dale on it—there appeared to he two hogsheads of sugar in it; and at the tail was a bag about three parts full of what turned out to be sugar—the prisoner Reeves went to the tail of the cart, accompanied by Waterman—took the mouth of this bag over his left shoulder, and Waterman lifted it on his back; waterman then drove the cart on towards Spitalfields-church—Reeves went down Thrawl-street, and I followed him, with this bag of sugar on his back—he went into the private door of a coal-shed in Thrawl-street—I watched at the corner, and never lost sight of the house till a policeman, No. 118, came up—I told him what had happened, and he went after the cart—I watched the house for upwards of half an hour—during that time the female prisoner, Mary Ring, came and looked over the hatch of the door, three or four times at me; and likewise a girl that was in the shop came and looked at me—the policeman. No. 118, brought No. 40—I walked across the street to speak to him—the prisoner Reeves then came out of the shop, and ran down Thrawl-street—I called out, "That is the man, stop thief"—he followed him to the bottom—Evans and I returned to the house—the female prisoner refused to let the policeman enter, and wanted to know where his authority was—I said, "The man's coat is authority enough, go in"—she was like a termagant—we took her to the Spitalfields station, and left Birch in possession of the house—we then returned, got a truck, and took the sugar away—I went the next morning over to Mr. Dale's yard, and there I saw Waterman—I said, "This is the carman who was with your cart yesterday"—Dale desired me to go for a policeman—I said there was no occasion, I would take care of him—I took him, and in going along I said to waterman, "Was not you in Brick-lane, Spitalfields yesterday, with two hogsheads of sugar?"—he said he was—I said, "where did you bring that bag from, that that man had in the cart"—he said he was in Ratcliff Highway, and a man asked him to give him a lift—I told him it was very wring to take any thing from strangers, and said, "Where were you going with those two hogsheads of sugar?"—he said, to take them to Dock—I said, "Who to?"—he said, "Mr. Tokely, I will show you"—we walked down to Dock-head, and went to Mr. Tokely's shop—I saw Mr. Tokely's young man behind the counter—I asked if the young man brought two hogsheads of sugar there yesterday—he said yes, was any thing the matter?—I said, "Nothing particular, but weigh them;—think you will find them 1cwt. short."

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. What are you? A. I am a pensioner from the East India House, but I have carried a constable's staff fourteen of fifteen years—I had no occasion to pull it out—if I had taken the man with the bag on his back, I should have lost the man and the sugar too—I did not lose sight of him till he entered the house—after he ran away I lost sight of him, but I swear it was him—I watched the house about half an hour, and then he came out, and then I lost sight of him—Waterman told me exactly where he took the sugar to, and he went with me, but I put something in his hands to prevent his running away.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You were busy watching this house? A. Yes—I would not swear it was sugar that was carried in, or that was in the hogsheads—I do not know whether the house was kept by a man named Ring and this woman—it was an open shop—Reeves took

this bag in at the side door, not the shop door, that Ring came out of—she and another looked at me—I did not take her for looking at me—all that she was doing at that time was looking at me, commonly called to✗ing—I was not in the house at all—I knew there was no retreat backwards.





DAVID EVANS
 (police-constable H 118.)I was on duty, when Ware came to me; I procured the assistance of my brother officer, and directly we came in sight of the house, I saw the prisoner Ring at the door of the shop—previous to our getting to the door Reeves ran out of the house—Ring had an opportunity of seeing us—I think he was near enough a hundred yards, and called"Stop thief"—I think he was near enough to her it—another officer pursued him—I then turned back, and attempted to enter the prisoner Ring's shop—she said I should not enter her place without a search-warrant, where was my authority—she had seen us running after Reeves—I unbolted the little bolt and got into the shop—she got me by my great coat and tore it, and said I should not go into her place—I was struggling with her till my brother officer came back—before I could get into the back room where the sugar was, and three empty bags, she said, "I did not steal it"—I had never said a word about the sugar—I then took her to the station-house—the three empty bags were under the table, and the sugar by the side of a table up against the door—there was a little girl there—she said, "My. mother did not steal it"—but I had said nothing about it—a little boy then said, "My mother has bought it and paid for it"—when she got to the station-house, she said thought it was corn.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Is yours a good loud voice? A. Sometimes—the street was not very full, and not in an uproar—I heards Ware cry "Stop thief" by my side—my brother officer was before me—there were some other persons running.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. When you went into Mrs. Ring's what she said was, "I did not steal it?" A. Yes—I went in as an officer—I pushed my way in, so that no one could doubt but that I came about some misdeed or another—I did not to in as if I wanted to buy something—we took her to the station-house, but she said, directly the sugar was laid hold of, "I did not steal it"—there are two lodgers I believe—I will not swear there are not four.





JOSEPH BIRCH
 (police-constable H 40.) I found the sacks and the sugar there when I came back, after pursuing Reeves.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Will you swear that you heard the cry of"Stop thief?" A. Certainly—I was very deaf here the other day when you examined me—Reeves must have heard the cry of "stop thief."





HENRY HUDDY
. I heard the cry of "Stop thief." and saw Reeves running—I took him.





THOMAS THURNELL
. I live with Mr. Tokely. I received tow hogsheads of sugar—a portion appeared to be gone—the head of the cask did not appear to have been broken open—this sugar is exactly like that in the hogshead.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Did you see the hole? A. Yes; any one could see it—it would not have taken hours to get that quantity out of the hole—I saw the hole before I came to weigh it—it was covered with tin—it is where they get the sample from.

Q. Does it ever happen that you have a full hogshead of sugar? A.


We have them weight. if not full—I do know that they pilfer a good deal at the docks—the sample is taken out after the cask is weighed at the landing gate—I have not seen sugar in sacks very often—I will not tell you what becomes of the samples—they are not all put together and earried in sacks.

COURT. Q. Was there a considerable portion of sugar deficient in one compared with the other? A. Yes; this in the note which waterman gave to Mr. Tokely—I was present; and that is the weight we are to pay the merchant for—1cwt. 2qrs. 21 Ibs. were deficient.
(William Courter, cabinet-maker, Thrawl-street; William Smith, baker, Brick-lane; Henry Lay, bricklayer, Thrawl-street; William Caslake, hutcher, Brick-lane, Whitechapel; William Duke, exciseman, Thrawl-street; James Crosley, Brick-lane; Stephen Watts, Brick-lane; Charles Vandersteen, hot-presser; Mary Hurly, Keat-street; and Catherine East, Flower and Dean-street; deposed to the the prisoner Ring's good character: and Sarah Harmer, Elizabeth-place, to that of Reeves'.

WATERMAN—


GUILTY
, Aged 19.

RING—


GUILTY
, Aged 41.




Transported for Seven Years.

REEVES—


GUILTY
, Aged 19.—



Confined Nine Months.
