



1909. 




JOHN SLAITH
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Josiah Lawrence, on the 
19th June, at 
St. Mary, Newington, Surrey, and stealing therein 3 watches, value 30l., his goods.






JOSIAH LAWRENCE
. I live at No. 12 1/2, Bolingbroke-row, Walworth, in the parish of St. Mary, Newington. About eight o'clock on the evening of the 19th of June, I was in my back parlour—I had occasion to go into my shop—I observed the prisoner and another at the window—one of them had his finger through a hole previously made in the square—it was not the prisoner, but they were standing together—I went to the door quietly, and they both walked away together—I took hold of them, but could not told both, and the prisoner got away from me—I was more anxious to secure the other—I missed a gold watch, worth 16l., (it cost 12 guineas,)and two silver watches, worth 14l.—one of them was worth 5l.—were safe in the window at eight o'clock in the evening, five or six inches from the pane of glass—the glass was safe then—I observed the fingers of the other man through the hole—that attracted my attention—I found a hole in the glass on my return—I am quite certain of the prisoner being the man who escaped from me—?I never expressed a doubt of him—I said I would rather not swear to him once, because I understood there were two charges against him, and I had so much trouble in prosecuting the other man that I did not wish to have the trouble against, but I was quite confident he was the man—they were standing close together, both looking in at the window, and the other had his hand through the glass.


Prisoner. On the 22d of July, I stood at my father's door, selling fruit, aud Attfield took me—the gentleman swore at the first examination that he did not know me; then said he had a doubt; but he would bring somebody who could swear to me—he brought two men who swore to me by my coat and height. Witness. I never expressed the slightest doubt of him—I said I had rather not swear to him, not wishing to prosecute; but I never said I could not swear to him—I produced witnesses at the office afterwards who knew him—that was not from any doubt I had; but because I knew they saw the transaction.





JOHN BUNN
 I live in Park-street, Camberwell. I was returning home with my wife about eight o'clock—I was in Bolingbroke-row, and saw Lawrence struggling with two men—one of them escaped—I saw his figure and appearance—the prisoner resembles the man who escaped in figure and resemblance—my opinion is, he was about his height, age, and figure—I did not see his face; he was dressed like that man.





WILLIAM STEPHEN BLANCHARD
 I am an officer for the Court of Requests for Southwark, and I live at Camberwell. I was in Bolingbroke-row, and saw the prosecutor bolding two men—I went to his assistance—I saw the person of the man who escaped, but not his face—I fully believe the prisoner to be the man, from his dress and appearance at the office





WILLIAM ATTFIELD
. I apprehended the prisoner, after a good deal of resistance, and took him to the office—I told him the charge—he said he was innocent, that he did not know where Walworth was, and was never there in his life.




GUILTY
. Aged 24—


Transported for life. (See page 616.)

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

