




2097. 




ALFRED ARMSTRONG
 and 




JOSEPH ROOTS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
22nd of August, 1 ewe, price 25s., the property of 



William Smith. 2nd COUNT, for killing it, with intent to steal the car-case.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.





THOMAS HUTT
. I am shepherd to William Smith, who lives in the parish of Harrow. On Wednesday, the 22nd of August, he had some sheep in a field in the parish of Pinner—I counted them in the evening, and they were all safe—between six and seven o'clock next morning I went to the field, and one was gone—I found the head, skin and entrails, in a few minutes, about a hundred yards from where I had left the sheep—it was the skin of one of master's ewes, which had been safe over night—it had a dot on the rump, ruddled—I took it home, and it has been in Walker's, the butcher's, possession ever since.





JAMES GREENHILL
. I am a constable of Harrow. On the 23rd of August I went with a search-warrant to Roots' house, he was not at home—I did not know he lived there then—I found nobody at home myself but his wife came to the house as his place of residence—Walker, Murch, and Roe, were with me—I remained outside the house—I saw them bring a quantity of mutton out, and it was given to Walker—I afterwards apprehended Roots at Merry hill-farm, the same day.





THOMAS WALKER
. I am a butcher. I accompanied Greenhill to search Roots' house, and saw a leg of mutton, a shoulder, two parts of a neck, the scrag, and a piece of the brisket found—I had the skin given to me—I fitted the leg to the skin, and also fitted the shoulder to the joint—the leg and shoulder fitted, and tallied with the shank bones left in the skin—I have not a doubt they formed part of the animal—it was cut up very badly, not like a butcher would do it—it was very fresh, as if killed the night before—there was fat torn from the leg adhering to the skin, and the fat on the leg corresponded.





JAMES HOWLAND
. I am a bricklayer, and work on the Birmingham

rail-road. I know the prisoners by working with them—on Wednesday, the 22nd of August, I was at work just by Armstrong—in the afternoon it rained and I went to shelter—he asked me if I should like to have a piece of mutton—I said, "Yes"—he asked what joint I should like to have—I said a leg if I had any thing, as there was something to cut from—next morning, about seven o'clock, I was going up the lane, and Armstrong came down to me, and said, "I have brought what we were talking of yesterday"—I asked him what it was—he turned away, and said, "I will bring it down to you presently"—I saw him afterwards showing Wade some meat, which he had tied in a smock-frock—it appeared to be mutton—I did not get any from him—he took it across the road, behind a hedge, and came away—he left it there, and went to work, and between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I saw him fetch it away from behind the hedge.





SAMUEL WADE
. I work on the rail-road. I saw Armstrong on Wednesday, the 22nd of August—Howland was with me—Armstrong asked us if we wanted a joint of mutton—I said, "Yes"—he asked what joint I should like to have—I told him a leg—he said, "You can't both have legs; Howland must have one leg, and you must have a shoulder"—he did not say when we were to have it—this was between three and four o'clock in the afternoon—next morning he said, "I have brought what we were talking about yesterday"—he went away, and came down the field with the mutton in a smock-frock—he opened it, there was one leg of mutton, and another joint—he took it across the road, and put it behind the hedge—I asked what he wanted for it—he said, 4s.—I said, "Do you want as much for the shoulder as for the leg?"—he said, "We will make that all right"—he went away towards his work, after putting it behind the hedge, and between four and five o'clock he fetched the bundle away.





JAMES ROE
. I am a farmer. I assisted in searching Roots' house, and on Monday, the 27th, I searched Armstrong's lodging—he was in custody at the time—I understood he lodged there—I found a pair of trowsers there which I have here—there are a few spots of blood on them, between the thighs—he said they were his trowsers, and the blood on them was caused by his nose bleeding.





GEORGE LIVEY
. The prisoner Armstrong was put into my care on Sunday, at the Castle at Harrow—he changed his dress, and his mother took away his clothes home to his house at Pinner—I have since seen the trowsers which have been produced by Roe—they are what he had on when I took him into custody—I know the prisoners lived where the different things were found.





JOHN GEORGE
. I am employed on the rail-road. I saw Armstrong at work there on Thursday, the 22nd of August—he said he had a bit of mutton if I liked to take it—I was to give him 2s. for it—it was about 21/2 or 3 lbs.—he gave it to me, and I was to pay him for it on Saturday night.

Armstrong's Defence. These men say it was mutton I offered for sale, it was not mutton, it was venison—the trowsers got the blood by wiping my nose, which was bleeding, and rubbing my hands on them.





JOHN GEORGE

re-examined. I cooked the meat, and ate it—it was mutton.

Roots' Defence. I was going to work at two o'clock on Wednesday morning, and saw something lying in a ditch, wrapped in a cloth—I

pulled it off, and saw it was some sort of meat—I took it home and found it was mutton—I did not know whether it had been killed or died a natural death—I put it behind the hedge till I went home at night—I met my wife, and told her, if she heard any inquiry about it, to tell where it was—she heard nothing about it, and I kept it and salted it—I never heard anything more about it till they came to take me.

ARMSTRONG*—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

ROOTS—


GUILTY
. Aged 39.—


Transported for Ten Years.
