





2142. 




 MARY ANN HARVEY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
9th of September, 2 sheets, value, 15s. and 1 towel, value 1s.; the goods of 



Frederick Calvert;


1 pair of snuffers, value 5s., the goods of 



James Drury;


and three-eighths of a yard of velvet, value 12s. and 1 handkerchief, value 4s. the goods of 



Alexander Whitehead, her master.






ALEXANDER WHITEHEAD
. I live in Lower Grosvenor-street, and am a tailor, The prisoner was my cook—she left about the 9th of September, and I missed several articles, a variety of which have not yet been found—this handkerchief is mine—these two sheets and a towed are Mr. Frederick Calvert's—he lodges at my house—James Drury is his servant—this velvet cut from my piece.

Prisoner. I was lent them by Louisa Wilson, the servant.





CHARLES MAYNARD
 (police-constable D 124.) The prisoner was given into my charge at the Servants' Bazaar, in Oxford-street—she told me she lived at No. 9, William-street, Regent's Park—I went there with her, by order of the Magistrate—they knew her, but she did not live there—I asked if she had any box there—she said she had not—I found she lived at No. 10, Henrietta-street—I went there, and found a box—I found in it this velvet reticule, and this handkerchief was on the table in the same roomthis towel hung behind the door—the sheets I got from a duplicate which was given to me by a girl at the bazaar—there were five duplicates given by her—these snuffers were found on the prisoner at the station-house.





JAMES DRURY
. I am servant to Mr. Frederick Calvert. He lodges at Mr. Whitehead's—I know these sheets and towel are his—these snuffers are my own.





SOPHIA WILD
. The prisoner bought her box to my house on the 10th of September, at No.11, Henrietta-street, in a cab.






HENRY FOWLER
. I live with my brother, who is a pawnbroker. I have a pair of sheets pledged by the prisoner.





BRIDGET HOLLAND
. I was at the servant's bazaar in Oxford-street—the prisoner saw her master coming—she took some duplicates out and put them in a globe, and I kept it till she was gone, and then showed them to the office-keeper.
(Sarah Bartlett, of Hatton-garden, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
