





909. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Hyam 
                        Ansell
                     




                  , from his person
            .
HYAM ANSELL. I live in Savage-gardens. On the evening of the 17th of June I was in Aldersgate-street


, opposite Jewin-street - I felt a tug at my coat - I turned round, and put my hand in my pocket - I missed my handkerchief - I then turned round, and saw the prisoner behind me - I was not positive he had taken it, but I observed him close to me- he walked a few paces, and I saw him attempt to rob another gentleman of his handkerchief - I then collared him and said, "You have just now robbed me" - he made a tremendous blow at me - I was almost senseless - I was immediately surrounded by a body of seven or eight - they hustled me, and pulled me about - I called, "Stop thief!" - he attempted to strike me again, and ran away - I was hustled about, but I called Stop thief! - the patrol came, and took him into custody.
Cross-examined by 
               MR. STAMMERS
            . Q. What reason have you to suppose the party was connected with him? A. Because they came round me immediately. He hit me the blow - they came running from the opposite side - they hustled me, and I tore myself from them - I had accused the boy of theft - I believed that, because he was a very short distance from me when I looked round - when I looked round, and saw him, there might be two or three persons near him - there might be persons as near to me as he was - I saw him attempt to pick another pocket - he put his hand into the pocket of a gentleman who was looking in at a window - the gentleman moved on, and I immediately collared him, and said, "You have just now robbed me" - I think I called him a scoundrel.


                  JOHN 
                  TOWNSEND
               



            . I saw Ansell lay hold of the prisoner, who struck him a tremendous blow in the eye - about six or eight came from the opposite side of the way - some pulled the gentleman, and some pulled the prisoner - I immediately called a watchman - the prosecutor had hold of the prisoner when they first came up - it was about a quarter after nine o'clock - I saw the prisoner chuck the handkerchief out of his hand - it was a red one - he threw it among the mob - I do not know what became of it.
Cross-examined. Q. The people wished to prevent them fighting, I suppose? A. I cannot say - I saw Ansell collar him - the prisoner struck before they came over - the prisoner's hat was knocked off - I think it was a red handkerchief he threw away - I was close to them - I have had no conversation with the policeman on the subject - I went into the watch-house and told the night officer I saw it all - the watchman came up - I showed him the prisoner, and he took him for striking the blow.
H. ANSELL re-examined. I lost a red silk handkerchief - I gave him in charge for felony and assault.


                  SIMEON 
                  BRACHLEY
               



            . I am a watchman. I took the prisoner into custody.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you go to the watch-house with him? A. Yes - the charge was assault and robbery - both charges were given at the same time - Ansell mentioned both at the same time.
H. ANSELL re-examined. Q. Were you not standing with what the Jews call a "cutter," and did you not turn round, collar the boy, and call him a thief? A. Certainly not - no handkerchief was produced to me at any place - I am confident the prisoner said nothing to me about the handkerchief.
J. TOWNSEND re-examined. I saw the prisoner throw a handkerchief away out of his hand - not from his hat - I think it was a red one.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
