



597. 




WILLIAM OTTO
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
21st of December, 10 handkerchiefs, value 2l. the goods of 



James Godwin Welch; and that he had been convicted of felony.






CHARLOTTE WELCH
. I live at brother's, James Godwin Welch, a hosier and glover, in Bolingbroke-row, Walworth-road, St. Mary, Newington. On the 31st of December, about a quarter to two o'clock, the prisoner came into the shop to buy some silk handkerchiefs, at about 4s.—I showed him a box containing about ten handkerchiefs, at 5s. and upwards—he said they were too high—I had occasion to get into the parlour to a lady who was buying some gloves—the prisoner went out of the shop before 4 went into the parlour—I turned my back to go into the parlour after he left the shop, and he came in again, and took the handkerchiefs off the) counter, and carried them off, box and all—a man followed him—I did not go out of the shop—I went to the shop-door, but he escaped—the handkerchiefs

were worth about 2l., or 2l. 10s.—he was three or four minutes looking at them—I noticed him so as to know him again—it was quite light.





JOHN CALLINGHAM
 (police-constable P 170.) I apprehended the prisoner with Taylor in Little union-Street, St. George's-fields, on Saturday, the 2nd of January—he was in a small garden or court—the house he ran into had a side entrance—he was concealed behind the door which led into the court—I had pursued him to that spot from the Elephant and Castle, nearly three-quarters of a mile—he went through several streets and turnings—I am certain he is the man I pursued.





WILLIAM TAYLOR
 (police-constable M 79.) I assisted in apprehending the prisoner I found him concealed in a little the garden, behind some place sitting down on the ground—I went into the garden, which leads out of a passage—he was behind the door, in the paling—I had not seen him before I had jointed in the pursuit.





THOMAS WILLIAM REDFORD
 (police-constable L 17.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Lawson, the Clerk of the peace of Surrey—I was present at his trail, he is the man (certificate read.)

Prisoner's Defence. On the 2nd of January, I was locked up at Union-hall—the woman and policeman came—another man was with me—the policeman said, "Is that him?"—she said she thought not—the policeman said, "say, it is him"—and when I came before the Magistrate, she said I acme in the shop and stole twenty handkerchiefs, worth 4l. he afterwards said there were only ten, worth 2l.





CHARLOTTE WELCH

re-examined. I did not express any doubt whether he was the person when I first saw him—the officer did not say, "Say he is the man"—I did not express the least doubt of him—I said there ware ten silk handkerchiefs, and upwards—I did not say they were worth worth 4l., and then 2l.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Second Jury, before Mr. Recorder

