






1370. 
               
                  MARY 
                  CARMODY
               




             and 
               
                  ANN 
                  SIMPSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of August
, 1 box, value 1d., and 8 half-crowns, the goods and monies of 
                     
                        John 
                        Smith
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN SMITH. I am a gold and silver wire drawer
. On the 17th of August, between one and two o'clock in the morning, I was in Barbican


 - I was not quite sober - I had met a friend, which made me out late - I was accosted by the prisoners, who wanted me to go to a house - Carmody asked me to go to a house - I objected - I said I would not go - in the course of a few minutes they closed in upon me, and Simpson took from my right hand pocket a box containing eight half-crowns - I had seen it safe about an hour before - I felt it taken from me with great violence - I know it was there, because I had my hand to it - I seized Simpson by the two shoulders and called the watchman, and gave her into his custody - the watchman came up in about half a minute.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You were a little more or less elevated? A. No; I was not much in liquor - a trifle raised - I was a little tipsy - I had been to the Still in Barbican, and had a pint of ale, part of a pot of porter, and a small glass of gin - that was all I had there - then I had part of a pint of porter at the Portland Arms, in Long-lane - I had one-fourth or one-fifth of a pot of porter - I do not think above four persons went in with me- I suppose there were about four, but I did not know them - (I did not go to another public-house) - they were not companions of mine - two persons went in with me, and there were others that I knew nothing of - I did not know any of them - I went out by myself - I did not wish to have any more to do with them - I paid 4d. for the lot - I paid it all - I did not wish to have any thing to do with the prisoners - I am not married - I met them after I came out- I was rather fresh - I remember using part of a broken pipe which I lost - I dropped it out of my hand - it fell into the street - I had been smoking - I took it out of my mouth, and let it fall - I have no recollection of it being taken out of my hand - I never saw either of the prisoners take it out of my hand - it might have been knocked out of my hand.
Q. Were you not making rather free with the prisoners? A. I have some small recollection of it - I was talking to Carmody - I do not say I was making very free with her.


                  GEORGE 
                  VINT
               



            . I am a watchman. About half-past one o'clock, I observed the prisoners and prosecutor larking together, handling one another about in a lascivious mood - I turned my light off, and stood in a door way - I afterwards heard a cry of "Watch" and "Police" - I ran across in an oblique direction, and saw a woman stooping to pick up something in the road - I crossed to where the prosecutor and Simpson were struggling - he gave her in charge - I gave her to another watchman, and crossed to where I had seen the woman picking something up - I found a half-crown in a tin box - she was gone then, but was taken afterwards.
Cross-examined. Q. The half-crown was on the ground? A. Yes.
COURT. Q. Why not interfere? A. It is a common occurrence in that part of the City - if we interfered, they would decoy us away while they robbed houses.
ALEXANDER -. I am a watchman of Cripplegate. I went to the Compter with the prisoners, and in Aldersgate-street, Carmody said, "I know you are a good fellow - if you won't say any thing, I will tell you where I have put the money" - I went with her to Golden-lane - she stopped and took up two half-crowns, out of the kennel, and I picked up one - Simpson said she dinged it, and the other one said she planted it.
Cross-examined. Q. What is dinging? A. I do not exactly know - I suppose she meant taking it away, and planting is stowing it away - I saw the prosecutor that night - he was a little bit tipsy - I dare say he knew what he was doing, he must have known, for he was returning their lascivious motions - I have heard him deny making free with them.(Property produced and sworn to.)
JOHN SMITH re-examined. I had been drinking - I do not think I was taking out of the way liberties with the women - not going too far with it.
(Simpson put in a written defence, stating that although she was with Carmody, she knew nothing of the robbery. 
               
                  William 
                  Swallow
               



            , last-maker, Church-lane, Whitechapel; 
               
                  John 
                  Stringfield
               



            , patten-maker, Hill-street, Blackfriars'-road; and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Upham
               



            , last-maker, Berner's-street, Commercial-road, gave her a good character.)
CARMODY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SIMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Confined Six Months
            .
