





Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.
56. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GRIGG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, 2 silver sauce-ladles, value 50s.; 16 silver spoons, value 10l.; 1 coat, value 2l.; 2 waistcoats, value 10s.; 1 pair of breeches, value 10s.; 1 jacket, value 5s.; 1 pair of overalls, value 3s.; 1 hat, value 4s., and 1 pair of gaiters, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Roger 
                           Riding
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ROGER 
                  RIDING
               



            . I live in Camden-cottage, Camden-town


. The prisoner came into my service about the 25th of September; on the 14th of November he came into my breakfast-room - I did not see him in my house after that; I found he was gone about nine o'clock in the morning, and missed all this plate, which was worth about 25l., and two suits of his livery; the clothes were not given to the prisoner - it was the livery, and stable-dress, which were worth about 3l.


                  ROBERT 
                  HAWKSLEY
               



            . I am a Police-serjeant. On Wednesday, the 14th of November, I made inquiry after the prisoner, and found him at No. 22, Richmond-street, Lisson-grove, in the back attic - I opened the door, andsaid, "I want you, I suppose you know what for?" he said, Yes - I had not told him what he was charged with; and under the table I found the silver lace which had been taken off his hat and coat; his hat and coat were there - in his right-hand breeches pocket, I found six dessert-spoons, four tea-spoons, two salt-spoons, and two sauce-ladles; I took him to the station-house, and asked him what had become of the four table-spoons he had taken - he said Ned Palmer was gone to pawn them.


                  JOHN 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am a Policeman. I went to No. 22, Richmond-street, after the prisoner had been taken; I searched the top back room, and found a suit of livery and two pairs of stockings.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
