





1309. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     GOODALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of May
, 2 live tame rabbits, price 6s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lief
                        



                     
                  : 1 saw, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        West
                     



                  ; and 1 pewter pot, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Sweeting
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BANKS
               



             (Police-constable N 62). On the 2nd of May, at half-past two o'clock in the morning, I was in Bacchuswalk, Hoxton, and saw the prisoner lurking about; he ran off and I pursued; I took him and found on him this property.


                  RICHARD 
                  LIEF
               



            . I live in Turner's-square


. On this morning I lost two rabbits from my hutches - I had fastened them up the night before at half-past six o'clock, they were then alive; they were dead when the officer found them on the prisoner; these are their skins - he must have got over two walls to get them; mine is the sixth house.


                  RICHARD 
                  WEST
               



            . This saw, which the officer found on the prisoner, is mine; it was in my back premises in a little cupboard, fastened with a button; in the morning I found the cupboard open, and missed the saw; I live next door to Mr. Lief.


                  MARY 
                  SWEETING
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Sweeting
               



            . Our yard joins the other, I lost this pot from our back yard, and these two cocks belong to the landlord of the house.
The prisoner pleaded poverty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
