






65. 
               
                  

                                 JOSEPH 
                                 PIGRUM
                              




                           
                         and ANN (HIS WIFE
)



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, 4 bridles, value 50s.; 2 pairs of straps, value 5s.; 1 leather breeching, value 1s.; 2 pairs of reins, value 15s.; 2 bits, value 3s.; 1 pair of spurs, value 2s.; 4 sheets, value 20s.; 1 blanket, value 4s.; 2 pillows, value 6s.; 1 counterpane, value 4s., and 2 tablecloths, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hopper
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HOPPER
               



            . I am an architect
, and live in Derby-place, Bayswater


. Joseph Pigrum is my servant
 - his wife did not live on my premises; my stable is within my garden - I missed various articles, and charged 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Pigrum
               



             with taking them; I went to his room, which is over my stable - I found both the prisoners there, and gave charge of them; they implored mercy - I found a number of duplicates there of the property, which had been lost from the stable.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WILLIAM MATTHEWS
               



             (Police-constable T 147). I went to the room, and found sixty-four duplicates, some of which relate to the prosecutor's property; the prisoners both begged for mercy, and the man said his master should not be a loser.


                  GEORGE 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Kensington. I have a pillow, a pair of spurs, three bridles, a sheet, a pair of reins, and a variety of other things pawned at our house - there are fifteen pledges in all, some of which I took in of the female prisoner, I believe -I had made some inquiry of her on a former occasion.


                  JOHN 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am in my father's service. I took in three sheets and a pillow - they were pawned by the woman.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  WARD
               



            . I went with the female prisoner to pawn some of these articles; I went to a house with her, where she sold some corn; she said she had taken that unknown to her husband, and sold it there.
J. PIGRUM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
A. PIGRUM - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
