



2447. 




RICHARD OAKLEY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
23rd of August, 1 tea-chest, value 6d.; and 100lbs. weight of tea, value 20l., the goods of 



Richard Evans, in a barge upon the navigable River Thames.






THOMAS PULLEN
. I work at the water-side. On the 23rd of August, I was employed to watch a barge, which was on the Thames, alongside the Isabella Sarah, off Irongate, at the Tower—It was laden with tea and sugars—It was covered with a tarpaulin—I went on board about nine o'clock at night, and at half-past four o'clock in the morning the prisoner came alongside in a boat—he made the boat fast, got into the barge, undid the tarpaulin, and took out a chest of tea, and put it into his boat—I said, M Halloo, what are you doing there?"—he put it into the boat before I could get up to him—he then shoved the boat off, I jumped into it, collared him, and called for assistance—the carpenter of the Isabella Serah came—the prisoner said if I did not let him go he would drown me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you when the prisoner came up? A.. Under the tarpaulin, which was up—I could see what he did—there was no other person on board—I was employed to watch by Mr. Evans, the barge owner.





RICHARD WHITE
. I am one of the Thames Police. About five o'clock in the morning I was called up by a person saying that a chest of tea had ten stolen from a barge—I went on board and saw Pullen and the prisoner—there were two policemen—he said he would not go with them, but he would with me—he went very quietly—I took the tea from the barge to the Thames Police-office—I found it on the barge it had been taken from—found an old dredger boat by the side—the prisoner did not say how he came by the tea.


Cross-examined. Q. Was the chest opened? A. Yes, it was black tea—the barge was lying with her bows to the Isabella Sarah.





CHARLES SWAINSON
. I am foreman to Anthony Nicholson and Son—they are wharfingers. I put the tea off the wharf into Mr. Richard Evans barge—I have seen the chest—It is the one I put on the barge.





RICHARD EVANS
. I am a lighterman and owner of the barge in which the tea was put.
(The prisoner received a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
