




2210. 




CHRISTIAN SMITH
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
20th of August, 10lbs. weight of cochineal, value 4l.; and 6lbs. weight of saffron, value 5l.; the goods of 



Charles Davey and another, his masters: and 





WILLIAM HUTCHINSON, alias
 Clift




, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





THOMAS STEVENS WHIPPS
. I am sixteen years old. I was in the service of Messrs. Davey and M'Murdo, wholesale drug-merchants, in Gould-square, Minories—the prisoner Smith was their porter—I live with my father, in Nicholl-street, Shoreditch—I first took things from my master's warehouse about six months ago—I was taken ill on a Wednesday, the latter end of August—it was the Wednesday before Smith was taken into custody-from the beginning of the six months till I was taken ill I took away goods from my masters' warehouse, about once or twice a week-Smith desired me to do so—I remember on one day taking some cochineal—I cannot say exactly what day it was-Smith desired me to do it, and I took about 10lbs. of it—I fetched it from the drying room, and put it into a canvas bag-Smith was at that time in the back yard of the premises, washing bottles—when I had got the cochineal into the bag I gave it to Smith—he kept it till the evening,

I believe, in the magnesia room, and gave it me to take to the prisoner Clift, about seven o'clock-Smith called him Hutchinson-Smith told me to take it out, and give it to Hutchinson—I went out, and found Clift at the comer of John-street—he was not far from my master's premises—I had seen Clift five or six times before—I had seen him with Smith-Clift used to come and meet me about dinner-time, and once or twice he met me at the same place in the evening-Clift did not give me any money when I took him the cochineal—he had before asked me to get him some things, unknown to Smith—I said, no, I would not get him any thing, unknown to Smith—he said he would give me the same price as he did Smith, and then I should not have to share half with him, but I should have as much again as Smith gave me—he said he would pay me on delivery, if I would get him things unknown to Smith—on the day I took Clit the cochineal he did not give me any money, but said he would pay Smith—no charge had been made against me, or any proceedings taken, before the Wednesday on which I was taken ill, and on that day I voluntarily made a statement to my father—I then went before the Justice, and was examined as a witness on the Saturday.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you ever accuse a person of the name of Sharpe of any transaction with you? A. I did, of receiving some Tonquin beans from Smith.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. When were you taken ill? A. In the night of Tuesday, or early on Wednesday morning—I told my father on Wednesday—it was the things I had bought with the money got for these things which made me ill—I did not keep ray bed—I could walk about the room—I was very bad in my bowels—my father is a boot and shoemaker—he does not keep a shop—he lives in Nicholl-street, shore ditch—I sleep there every night—I had never unburdened my consciencs to my father till that Wednesday—I had never told my master what was going on—I took the cochineal about the middle of August.





THOMAS LANAGAN
. I am turned of fourteen years of age. I live with my father in Phillip-lane—I am errand boy to Messrs. Davey and M'Murdo. On Saturday evening, the 1st of September, I saw the prisoner Clift in Crutched-friars—I had seen him before in a public-house with Thomas Whipps-Clift came right in front of me, and called out to the other lads, and then he said he thought I was Thomas—he asked me which way I was going—I said I was going home—he asked me whether Thomas was come out—I said, "Yes, some time"—I asked him what he wanted with him—he said he had got a ticket for the play—he then said he had been in a public-house, and he had heard a man say there was a robbery at Davey and M'Murdo's—that he asked him if he knew any thing about it, and he said "No"—he asked me if I knew any thing about it—I said "No"-Clift then said the man's name was Smith—I said, "Surely it is not Smith"-Clift then said he thought it very strange that I should be in such a firm and not know there was a robbery—he then walked; with me some distance and said, "I dare say you are an acute lad, do you go to that public-house for your dinner?"—I said "No, I go where I like"—he then said, "Between you and I, I want an article at present"—he mentioned the name of it, but I do not know what it was—he then asked what capacity I was in in the firm—I said, "The same as Thomas"—he said "Between you and I, if any thing should be done, you would not let any one know it, not let Thomas know it"—I said, "No"—he then said

"Hot are you off for opium?" I said we had about two cwt.—he said, "How are you off for saffron?" I said we had about four cwt—he then said, "How are you off for Tonquin beans?" I said we always kept a good stock of them—he then said, "Out of two cwt. of opium, you could take about thirty pounds"—I said, "How?"—"Oh," he said, "put some into your pockets, some on your groin, and some under your arms, and bring it out by degrees"—he then said I could bring about ten pounds of saffron, and I could bring some Tonquin beans, and when it came to 6l. worth, he would wrap it in a bit of paper, advertise it, and offer 6l. reward, and I should take it to him and receive the 6l.—I asked him what price he would give me—he said, the same as Tom—that was 2s. for opium, and 2s. for saffron—he did not mention the price for Tonquin beans—I said, "Two shillings for opium that is worth a guinea a pound?"—he said 2s. was what he gave Tom, but he would give me 3s. for opium and saffron, 5l. 4s. a cwt. for Tonquin beans, and I was to meet him at the public-house in Duke-street, with as many articles as I could get him—I told him I would talk to him on Monday-(this was on Saturday)—I was going to leave him, and he offered me 6d.—I said I would not take it then; I would take it on Monday—he wished me to take it and drink his health—I said, "No"—he said, "Come and have a pint of beer"—I said, "Then you can give me the prices what you will give me"—we went into the public-house, and he wrote down on this paper, (reads,)"3s. for opium, 3S. for saffron, and 5l. 4s. a cwt for Tonquin beans"—he wished me to drink, and I put it to my lips, but would not swallow any—he wished me to finish it—I said, "No," it was bad—I asked him how he first came to know Tom—he said he was sleeping with a girl at his house, and then he said, "If you must know, I keep a b-y-house"—I then said, "Perhaps you can get us a girl?" on purpose to find out where he lived—he said, "That could be done;" where could he meet me on Sunday—I told him I bad some business to attend to—he said, "Could you meet me at the Half-way House, Commercial-road, on Sunday evening?"—I said, "Yes," and with that I left him—I went home and told my father, who took me to the foreman, and he to to the inspector—I met Clift on Sunday at the Half-way Houses—he was talking to a young man—I went and shook hands with him—he said." Excuse me for a few minutes"—he went and spoke to the man, and then he came to me, and walked down the road with me—he said he had been talking to Poll about me—I said I had no money—he asked how much I had—I said, "A penny; that is all I am allowed"—he said, "Come on," and he took me down the road, and turned off down a turning to the right—he told me to stop there, and he would talk to some young women who were there—I heard one young woman say to him, "That can be done," and the young woman went into a house-Clift followed her, and they called me in-(the officer had desired me to go wherever Clift took me)—I went in, and sat down—I saw Clift give a shilling to another woman, and she went out—I came away, and made an appointment to see clift again on the Monday, about one o'clock, with some opium, corrosive-sublimate, ginger, and nutmegs—I mentioned that to the officer and to Mr. Davey, my master, and on Monday I was furnished with some opium. which was marked—I carried it to the place where I was to meet Clift—he ran up to me, and I said, "Take the opium"—he said, "Don't you be seen with me"—the officer then took him.






ALFRED LANAGAN
. I am the brother of Thomas Lanagan. I remember his coming home, and making a statement—I went with him to the officer on the Sunday evening, and my father went to Mr. Davey's—I was present when Clift was taken—I saw my brother with him.





GEORGE TEAKLE
 (police-sergeant H 8.) At the latter end of August I watched the warehouse of Messrs. Davey and M'Murdo, and on the way from there to the prisoner Smith's house, I saw Smith leave his work several times—I noticed that on his way home he appeared very bulky about his pockets, and on his return he appeared quite empty—I went afterwards to his house, and searched it—I found in a box on the first floor, where I ascertained he lodged, a variety of articles—I afterwards received information from the boy Lanagan—I gave him directions, and followed him—he acted according to my directions—I saw him meet Clift, and I then took Clift into custody—he attempted to knock me down—I took charge of the opium which he had, and have it here—I have not been to Clift's house, but I know prostitutes live there.





CHARLES DAVEY
. I am in partnership with Mr. M'Murdo—I have no other partner. About the 1st of September I saw Whipp's father, and received a communication from him, which led to my receiving a statement from the boy—I had not at that time made any charge against Whipps—I have looked to my stock since that, and found a deficiency of several things—I have missed opium and saffron—the cochineal I have not trial—we have a large quantity of that-three or four cwt-Lanagan commnicated to me what had happened.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.

HUTCHINSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
(There were two other indictments against the prisoners.)
