



1406. 




EDWARD SPATE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
18th of May, 1 watch, value 20s.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d.; 1 seal, value 2s. 6d.; 1 key, value 6d.; and 1 composing-stick, value 6s.; the goods of 



Charles Morgan; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARIA THOMPSON MORGAN
. I am the wife of Charles Morgan, a printer, in Cobourg-street, Clerkenwell. He has been acquainted with the prisoner several years—I had only seen him once myself; that is two years ago—on the 18th of May, he called on me: my husband was out—I was in the parlour, lying on the sofa, very ill—he said he came to see me out of pure respect to Mr. Morgan, as he respected him more than any other man in the office; and he had been more kind to him than any other man—I said I had no recollection of him—he told me his name—I then recognised him—I told him my husband would not be home until half-past one o'clock to dinner—I think this was about ten o'clock—he said he was not in a hurry, he would wait, as he wished to see my husband out of respect—I asked him to take a seat, which he did—there was no one else in the room at the time—the prisoner remained there till a little after twelve o'clock—my mother came at twelve o'clock—she came and sat close to me and never moved from her chair—I never left the room—at twelve o'clock I saw the watch hanging up safe—the prisoner sat under it—he said to me, "Shall I empty the composing-stick for you?"—he afterwards got up, and walked into the passage with his hat in his hand—I said, "Edward, are you going?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "When will you call to see Mr. Morgan?"—he said, "To-morrow, at one o'clock;" but he never came at all—he had not left the house two minutes, before I missed the watch—there had not been a creature in the room except my mother and myself—the composing-stick which he had been using was also gone.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. He were to return next day, and did not come—was he not prevented by being token into custody on this charge the same night? A. Yes—my husband is reader to a printer, and he does some printing himself—we have printing materials in the room, and he seeing me ill, offered to do some business in the printing, and did it—he wished me to go to bed, and leave him to do it—I have three lodgers, but no servant—my step-daughter acts as servant—at eleven o'clock in the morning, a lodger named, Irish, asked me the time—he came to the door to ask the time twice that morning—he came into the room once, and to the door another time, but before the watch was missed—I saw it safe at twelve o'clock.

COURT. Q. You have said, when your mother was in the room, and the prisoner was there and yourself, it was a little before twelve o'clock; and you saw the watch safe then? A. Yes; nobody after that came into the room till after the prisoner left, and it was missed—Irish was not in the house then.

JOHN
WOODWARD. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on

Monday night, the 18th, in Whitecross-street—I found nothing but 1s. 6d. on him—the watch has never been found.





RICHARD CONSTANTINE
. I am headborough of Shoreditch. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—I was a witness on the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY
. * Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
