





984. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of March
, 1 stove, value 14s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Stephen Horncastle 
                  Geldard
               




            .


                  STEPHEN 
                  HORNCASTLE GELDARD
               



            . I live in Pullen's-row, Chelsea - I have the care of a house called Ranelagh cottage


; it is unoccupied; there are stoves and other fixtures in it. I was there about twelve o'clock in the day on the 5th of March; I fastened the doors when I left; I received some information in about half an hour, and returned; I looked through the parlour window, and saw the prisoner in the parlour, with a stove in his hand; I put the key into the lock, and heard a bolt-shot on the other side - I broke a pane of glass, unfastened the window, and got in; I saw him going out at the back door; he went down the garden - some persons met him, and he jumped into the common sewer; I followed him; he got out, went over a wall, and across a nursery-ground - he was afterwards taken - the stove had been taken out of its place, and set behind the parlour door; I had lost a grate from the same house on the Saturday before - a key was given to me by one of the witnesses, which opened the door very easily.


                  JAMES 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I received the prisoner about twelve o'clock in the morning of the 5th of March; I found a pad of rags on his shoulder, under his coat.


                  CHARLES 
                  KIDD
               



            . I live in Hertford-street. On the 5th of March I was passing the Five-fields, and saw the prisoner running; I stopped him, and said, "My friend, where are you running? what is all this hue and cry?" he said, "It is only a parcel of boys hunting me" - I said, "It is very curions, wait till they come up;" he said,"Oh! no, let me go" - I said No! and stopped him; he threw out his right hand, and threw away a key - I pointed out the place where it was thrown.


                  EDWARD 
                  ROSER
               



            . I live in Ebury-square, Pimlico - I am a carrier. On the 5th of March I was in Union-street, I saw the prisoner come running down the street, and some persons were calling Stop theif! I saw the prisoner stopped by a person a few yards from me; I saw him throw something away - I took it up, and it was this key.
MR. GELDARD. This key will open the room door. and I found this piece of iron in the passage just by the back door - I had lost eight stoves before.


                  JAMES 
                  CLARK
               



            . I saw the prisoner go into the sewer, up to his knees.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going down the lane, and was taken had in my inside; I got over the rails, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I crossed the ditch, and went into the privy; I then got over a wall into the road, and a person stopped me, but I can take my solemn oath I threw nothing out of my hand - I never was in the house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
