






2013. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BOLTON
                  




               
             & 
               
                  
                     JAMES THOMAS 
                     BENN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of July
, 4 bottles of ginger-beer, value 8d.; 1 pottle of nuts, value 8d.; 2 ozs. weight of sweet-meats, value 4d.; 1 shutter, value 5s.; 1 plate, value 1d., and 1 tray, value 4d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cole
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLE
               



            . I live at Hammersmith


, and am a boot and shoemaker
; my wife keeps a little shop. On the 9th of July one of my shutters was taken down and the window broken; I came down, found the glass out and the property stated gone; there was a blue-edged plate and a small tray: I went out with the officer, who called me up, and we met another officer, who advised me to go home again - I went home and found my shutter in a neighbour's garden, under some pales; I then went to bed, and was afterwards called up by Salmon, who had these two bottles, which are mine.


                  NICHOLAS 
                  SALMON
               



             (Police-constable T 96). I was on duty at half-past twelve o'clock that night, and saw the two prisoners drinking ginger-beer within a few yards of the prosecutor's house - Benn then went and hid one bottle behind a post; I then went on, and met Wood, who told me of the robbery - I went back and found the bottle which I saw Benn put by the post, and one more; the other articles have not been found - the prisoners had been cracking nuts.


                  AGNES 
                  COLE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. We lost four bottles of ginger-beer - I know this one by a particular mark.
BOLTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
BENN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
