





569. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of January
, 1 shawl, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Dossetor
                  




               
            .


                  HORATIO 
                  HOGARTH
               



            . I am in the employ of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dossetor
               



            , a hosier
, of the Poultry


. On the 28th of January this shawl hung inside the shop, near the door; I saw it going, but could not see who took it - I came round the counter, ran out, and ran by the prisoner, as he was not running, and when I returned I found him in the shop; I went out again, and found the shawl in a passage two doors from the shop.


                  ELEANOR 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I live at the Queen's Arms, Cheapside. I was passing, and saw the prisoner take this shawl, and roll it up - he put it into the doorway, two doors off, and walked on: I am sure he is the person - Ottley came out, and I told him that was the man.
Prisoner. Q. How far was I from the door when you told of me? A. About two doors; I was close by you when you took the shawl - I had just crossed; I said you had put it either in your pocket or the doorway, but you went inside the doorway; I saw you put it there.


                  RICHARD 
                  OTTLEY
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's employ -An alarm was given about eight o'clock in the evening: I directly ran out, and Davis pointed the prisoner out to me as the man who took the shawl: I collared, and took himinto the shop; Hogarth came in, then went out, and brought the shawl from the doorway.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
