





1091. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     MENDOZA
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Kewney
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
GEORGE KEWNEY. I live at No. 34, Southampton-buildings, Chancery-lane. On the 13th of June, I was trying to get through St. Paul's church-yard


; I could not get on and was forced to stand still - I felt a hand in my pocket; I turned and saw the prisoner giving my handkerchief to another person - I took it from his hand and took him into custody - the officer took him to the Compter - this is my handkerchief - the prisoner said I was a liar, he had not had my handkerchief.
Prisoner. Q. Did you feel my hand in your pocket? A. I felt some hand - I did not tell the Magistrate that you threw my handkerchief down.


                  ROBERT 
                  BERWICK
               



             (City police-constable No. 86). I took the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I had taken some work home for my master, and was going through the crowd when this gentleman took hold of me - I told him he was mistaken; and a lady said she saw a man take it, but not me - four men laid hold of me; I wanted to speak to the lady to tell her to come forward, but they would not let me.
GEORGE KEWNEY. A woman came and said, "What has he been doing;" I said, picking my pocket; and she went away immediately; she said nothing else - there was another person helped me to take the prisoner to the officer; and the same person came to me the next morning and wished me not to prosecute; but I believe that was the person to whom the prisoner was giving the handkerchief - I swear it was not on the ground at all; I took it from his hand.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
