




846. 




THOMAS COX
 and 




JOHN BROWN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
24th of February, 17 yards of calico, value 6s., the goods of 




James Wallington.






SUSANNAH WARREN
. I live with Mr. James Wallington, a linen draper, at Strutton-ground, Westminster. On the 24th of February, about three o'clock, the prisoner Cox came into the shop, and went out again, and is four or five minutes Brown came in, took this calico, and went out—I went out and saw Brown going down the street with this calico—he went on to Cox's house, and there he was taken with Cox, in about half an hour—this is the calico—(looking at some)—it had been in the back of the shop near the parlour.

Cox. Q. Did I come in? A. Yes, and you hallooed, "Tom"—then you went out, and Brown came in—I was in the parlour—I could see the shop.

Brown. Q. You say I went in? A. Yes, and you went out with the calico in your arms—I could not have you stopped, as there was no one near the door—there are three marks on the calico.





THOMAS BLAKELY
. I am a policeman. I heard what had happened, and went and took the prisoners, at No. 9, Snow's-rents, in a room occupied by Cox—I found Brown there—I know Cox lived there with a woman—I found this calico on the bed in the room.

Cox. Q. On what part of the bed was the calico? A. About the middle.

Cox's Defence. I went down to Mr. Brown, the foreman to Mr. Johnson, to see for some work—I was then going home, and saw some persons running—I stopped and talked to some persons—I then went to this room, and had not been in two minutes before the policeman came in—he took this calico off the bed, and collared me and Brown—the policeman had the calico in his possession about three quarters of an hour, and then this woman Warren came, and whether they marked the calico or then, I do not know.

Brown's Defence. I was going to my uncle's, at Pimlico—I went into the Crown and Cushion to have a pint of beer—two young men came in with two bundles, and asked if I wanted to buy some calico—I was in want of some, and I bought it for 4s. 6d.

COX*—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

BROWN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported for Seven Years.
