





856. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BATCHELOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously forging and counterfeiting a certain order for payment of 20l., with intent to defraud 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Hope
                        



.
2nd COUNT, stating his intention to he to defraud 
               
                  
                     Richard Henry 
                     Cox
                  



               
             and others.
3rd COUNT, for uttering and publishing the same as true, at Leeds, in the County of York, well knowing it to be forged, with intent to defraud 
               
                  
                     William Williams 
                     Brown
                  



               
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Williams Brown
               



             and Co., Leeds - they are bankers
. On the 2nd ofJanuary
, the prisoner presented this draft, which I paid him, and transmitted it the same evening, to Brown, Janson, and Co., London; on the prisoner receiving this money of me, he endorsed this name of 
               
                  James 
                  Compton
               



             on the back of the draft.
Cross-examined by BARRY. Q. Was he in military clothes? A. Yes; I am sure he is the man - we do not very often have soldiers call for cheques; I do not recollect that I had seen any soldier for some days before, but it is not uncommon.
COURT. Q. How came a recruiting draft payable at your house? A. We do it on the faith of the officer who draws it.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a serjeant in the Coldstream Guards - I was not at Leeds at this time; I know the prisoner, and have seen him write frequently; the body of this draft is the prisoner's writing - I do not know whose the signature is; I cannot say whether the writing on the back of it is his.
Cross-examined. Q. How long has he been in the regiment? A. About fourteen years - he had generally a good character, but he deserted in October last.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Then if Captain Hope had given him drafts before that, would he have ceased to do so after he had deserted? A.Certainly; if the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Compton
               



             on the back of this draft is the prisoner's writing, it is disguised.


                  ALFRED 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am clerk to Cox, Greenwood and Co. This draft was presented from Brown, Janson and Co., and I paid it on the 5th of January; I concluded that the name 
               
                  James 
                  Hope
               



             on it was genuine.
Cross-examined. Q. Can you say why it should be presented and paid at Leeds? A. I believe it is a very common thing for persons to go to bankers in the country, and get cash for drafts.
THE HON.
 CAPTAIN 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HOPE
               



            . I am a captain in the army
, and lieutenant in the Coldstream Guards
. The body of this draft is certainly the prisoner's writing; the signature I do not know - it is not my writing.
Cross-examined. Q. Is the name like your writing? A. It is certainly an imitation - I am adjutant of the regiment, and sign drafts for recruiting parties; I believe the person who wrote this 
               
                  James 
                  Compton
               



            , wrote this James Hope.
MR. COLLINS. I saw the prisoner write this 
               
                  James 
                  Compton
               



             - he apologized and said, he was a bad writer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DODD
               



            . I took the prisoner.
(Draft Read.) - £20. 0: 0:
Coldstream Orderly Room, Horse Guards, 27th Dec. 1832,
GENTLEMAN, - Please to pay to Corporal James Compton, of the Coldstream Guards, or bearer, the sum of 20l. which place to my recruiting account. I have the honour to be, Gentlemen, your obedient servant, 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HOPE
               



            .
Captain and Lientenant of the Coldstream Guards.
To Messrs. Greenwood and Cox, Craig's Court, Charing Cross.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
