




1037. 




JAMES MATTHEWS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
22nd of February, 15 yards of carpet, value 30s., the goods of 



Horatio Hasleham,




HORATIO HASLEHAM
. I am a broker, and live in Jerusalem-passage, On the 22nd of February, about nine o'clock in the evening, in consequence of information, I went out, and found the prisoner about a hundred and fifty yards from the house, with my carpet under his arm, which had been in the front of my shop—he mumbled something, which I could not understand—he walked very well—I think he pretended to be drunk.

Prisoner. Q. Who gave you the information? A. The boy next door—I was in my shop—I followed you into Seckford-street, I believe, and saw you walking along with the carpet, and laid hold of you—you did not make any resistance—there is no mark about the carpet, but I have no hesitation in saying it is mine.





WILLIAM BARTON
. I am a policeman. I received him in charge—I do not think he was drunk—I think he affected drunkenness.

Prisoner's Defence. A boy was examined at the office—the Magistrate said to him, "Is the prisoner the person who stole the carpet?"—he said, "No, he is not the man"—now that is a very material witness for me, and I expected he would be here—he ought to have been here—I had been to the house of Mr. West, a friend in St. John-street—I left about half-past eight o'clock—I live in Skinner-street, and was going up St. John-street—I turned up Ay les bury-street—a young man, who had the carpet, said, "Can you tell me the way to Exmouth-street?"—I said, "I live just there, I will show you"—he said when we got about half way, "I want to ease myself, I wish you would hold this a minute"—I had no hesitation in holding it—the prosecutor came up, and said, "Oh, you have got the carpet"—I said, "It is not mine, it is that young man's," pointing down the street—he took me into the public-house—I would have done any thing to point out the person who stole it.




GUILTY
.* Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Lord Chief Justice Tindal

