






2423. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     BARRETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of October
, 1 watch, value 6l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Sime
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  SIME
               



            . I am a musician
, and live in St. George's-terrace, Commercial-road. On the 16th of October I and my neice were going home, about half-past nine o'clock at night, I was on St. George's-terrace


; I observed some men standing together about the middle of the court, by a lamp - as we were passing them I felt a tug at my watch; the men then ran away - I felt for my watch, and it was gone; I cannot swear to the persons, as I had no suspicion of them.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Where had you been? A. I was out, doing a little business with my wife; I had been to a public-house but a minute before-I was not exactly sober, but I was fit to do any thing; I had drank very little - I might have a pint of beer, or a glass of gin - my wife was quite sober.


                  CAROLINE 
                  PUTT
               



            . I am thirteen years old. I was with the prosecutor, who is my uncle, on St. George's-terrace; I saw Wilson and another man standing in the middle of the terrace; they asked my uncle if it was a throughfare, and then Wilson made a tug at my uncle's watch - there is a gas-light there, and I saw Wilson's person so as to know him again; they ran up the terrace, and across the Commercial-road, and down Essex-street - I followed, and never lost sight of Wilson till I saw him taken by an officer; I cannot swear to the other prisoner.


                  EMILY 
                  TYSON
               



            . I was passing the street, and heard Putt cry Stop thief! I saw the two prisoners running over to Essex-street - Wilson stopped in a cart; Barrett ran on- Wilson said to him, "Don't run, you fool - we are all right now;" a Policeman took Wilson - Barrett ran on, and another officer took him: I had seen the two prisoners walking in company together, between eight and nine o'clock the same evening.
Cross-examined. Q. Where had you seen them? A. In William-street; I had not known them before - they were running fast, but I kept up to them, and did not lose sight of them.


                  ROBERT 
                  CREASEY
               



             (Police-constable H 130). On the night of the 16th of October I was on duty in Essex-street- I saw Wilson and another man, whom I cannot swear to, come running very fast; Wilson seated himself in a truck, and said to the other, "Don't run, you fool - it is all right" I took Wilson, and the other got on; Barrett was taken soon after.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you seen Tyson running? A. Yes, I saw her among the crowd.


                  GEORGE 
                  DUMPER
               



             (Police-constable H 45). I was on duty about half-past nine o'clock that night - I saw three men running; I pursued, and overtook Barrett - I told him he must go with me; I took him towards the cry of Stop thief! and found Wilson in custody - some person recognized him as being one; he was walking at a smart pace, but I believe he had been running - when we got to the watch-house, an officer said, "I saw you and Wilson together in the Commercial-road between eight and nine o'clock this evening;" he said, "I am sure you did not - we were not together this evening, but were in the morning."
Barrett's Defence. I was coming from Whitechapel,and met the officer, but I know nothing at all of it - I have seen Wilson every morning in Petticoat-lane.
Wilson's Defence. I had been to look for a shop, and went under the cart - the officer took me, but I do not know what for.
BARRETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 55.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
