





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1481. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WALDON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of May
, 1 watch, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Jude
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  ANN 
                  JUDE
               



            . I live with my father; he is a labourer at Enfield


. I went out on the 31st of May, leaving my watch over the mantel-piece; I was out all night, and when I came back the next morning, it was gone - the prisoner is a labourer
, and lives at Enfield; he came to town on the day following, and returned the day after.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JUDE
               



            . I know my daughter's watch was safe in the house on the 31st of May; it was afterwards missing- I came to town on the 1st of June, and the prisoner with me, to bring two pigs in a basket over to the Borough; the prisoner had nothing to do, and I said he might help me - I had not seen him in my house.


                  EDMUND 
                  JULIUS SUTTON
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker in Kingsland-road. I have a watch, pawned by the prisoner, for 1s. 6d.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am constable of Enfield. I have a certificate of the former conviction of the prisoner, which I got at Mr. Clark's office; I was present at the trial, and know he is the man - (read.)
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor asked me to go to London; in going along he asked if I had any money - I said No; he said no more had he, and he would give me his daughter's watch to pawn, which I did, and we spent the money together - in going home, we had a few words, and he said, "I will fix you for it;" he then went and stopped it - he has been convicted here himself.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JUDE
               



            . There is not a word of truth in it; I had three or four shillings in my pocket; I could have taken the pigs myself, but the prisoner had nothing to do, and I asked him to go with me - I gave him plenty of victuals and drink; he lives next door to me, but hardly ever comes into my house - I was here about two years ago, but I never was tried; it was about a horse I had sold to a young man.
Prisoner. You was convicted of stealing a bag of nails, and had six months in the House of Correction, and your son is there now. Witness. No I was not.
JURY. Q. Did you partake of any of the money? A. No, I did not - he said he had no money, but he left me in Smithfield, and came again in about an hour; he then said he had seen his sister, who gave him 1s., and a cousin of his, who gave him 1s. 6d.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
