





2458. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     KNIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of October
, 1 set of bed-furniture, value 5s.; 2 blankets, value 5s.; 2 pieces of carpet, value 5s.; 1 bolster, value 3s.; 2 pillows, value 2s.; 2 sheets, value 3s.; 1 looking-glass, value 1s.; 1 candlestick, value 1s., and 5 knives and forks, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Moorwood
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PRINCE
               



            . I am a private gentleman. I was opposite Mr. Cassell's in Camden-town on the 13th of October, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening; I saw the prisoner carrying a basket, I followed her, and gave information to a Policeman, knowing her before - we then found the owner.


                  ROBERT 
                  BUGDEN
               



             (Police-constable S 28). I followed the prisoner into Pratt-street; I took her with this basket; she told me where she lived, and we went there.


                  ANN 
                  MOORWOOD
               



            . I am a widow
. This basket contains two wine glasses, and two rummers of mine; I also lost two pieces of carpet, two blankets, a bolster, two sheets, and bed furniture - the pawnbroker has them; the prisoner lived in my house nearly three weeks; the whole of this property was let to her - she gave me no warning; I did not miss the property till she was taken.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM
               



             CASSELL. I am a pawnbroker; I have a sheet, two blankets, a pillow, and curtains, which were pawned by the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I was in my shop when the prisoner pawned this bolster, pillow, two pieces of carpet, looking-glass and decanter.
MRS. MOORWOOD. This is my property; she came to me as a married woman, and I let it her with the room; her husband who lived there with her, is a coach harness maker - he came home at night, and went out in the morning; have lost more articles.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that it was her intention to have replaced the property.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
