




1162. 




AMELIA EVANS, alias
 Conway

, and 




MARY EVANS
, were indicted for

, that they, on the 
26th of April, feloniously, knowingly, and without lawful excuse, had in their custody and possession 1 mould, on which was impressed the apparent resemblance of the obverse side of a shilling—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the impression of the reverse side.


MESSRS. SCARLETT
and
ELLIS
conducted the prosecution.





WILLIAM REYNOLDS
. I am a constable. On the 26th of April, I went to No. 3, Buckeridge-street, St. Giles's, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, with Duck, Hall, and Ashton—the street-door being open, I proceeded up-stairs to the second floor front room—that door being fast, I broke it open, and saw Mary Evans near the fire-place, and Amelis near the window—they seemed sadly confused at the moment, and one of them (I do not know which) said, "Oh, what do you want here?"—I took them into custody, and put them in one corner of the room—Ashton look charge of them—the window was open, and on the coping stone I found two pieces of metal, which were hot at the time—I produce them—on searching the fire-place with Hall I found a piece of metal under the grate—Hall poked the fire with a small poker, and I saw some metal run out of the fire—there was one piece of metal, and a piece of cinder with metal on it—I found some part of the metal before he raked the fire—this piece was lying down, and when he pocked the fire I saw more run out, which he picked up—I did not pick up any after he poked the fire.





WILLIAM BAKER ASHTON
. I accompanied Reynolds—I entered the room almost immediately after him, and saw him with the two prisoners at the further side of the room—Amelia was near the fire-place, and Mary bear the window—Amelia was the furthest from me—I went towards her, and she held out a shilling, and said, "This is what you want," I took it, and saw Reynolds pick up a piece of metal off the coping stone, outside the window—I found near the window a piece of an old handkerchief, which was quite hot at the time—on a shelf at the left hand side of the room I found a paper bag containing plaster of Paris—I said, "Here is the plaster"—Amelia said, "That is what we clean the place with"—I produce the good shilling.





ROBERT DUKE
. I belong to the police-office of Hatton-garden. I was with Reynolds and Ashton—I was in the street about a minute after they went in—there was just time for them to get up to the second floor—I observed the prisoner Mary at the window—she threw something out—it fell into the middle of the street, in the dirt and mud—I immediately picked it up—it felt quite hot—I found it to be a mould for shillings—it was broken, when it fell, into several pieces—I have it here in a box, and a shilling, which was lying close to it quite hot—I did not see the shilling thrown out—the mould came out of the window in pieces—I saw it in pieces before it struck the ground—I went up-stairs, and found on the table a small file, with white metal in the teeth of it—and near the table I found two pieces

of a metal spoon—it was a very brisk coke fire—under the fire-place I found an old iron spoon with white metal in it, which is in it now—I searched Mary—she hesitated and requested I would get a woman to search her—but I ultimately put my hand through the pocket-hole of her gown and drew her pocket out—I found in it a counterfeit shilling in an unfinished state—I searched the other prisoner but found nothing on her—I examined her hands and found them dirty—I said in the hearing of both the prisoners that it was all right, for they had thrown the mould out of window, for I had picked it up—Amelia said she was sure they had thrown nothing out of the window—Amelia's hand smelt strong of metal—Mary's bands were black and dirty, and smelt strong of pewter-metal—there was something white in the palm of her left-hand which seemed to correspond with the plaster-of-pairs.





WILLIAM HALL
. I belong to Hatton-garden police-office. I accompanied the officers on this occasion—I followed Duke up-stairs and saw him take a counterfeit shilling from Mary's pocket—he went to the fire-place and picked up an old iron spoon out of the ashes—I raked the fire with a small poker and some bot metal ran out, part of which Reynolds picked up—I picked up a few pieces which I produce—there were two old aprons found near the prisoners feet, near the window—they then stood together—there was some white plaster on the aprons, more on one than the other—I asked Amelia whose they were—she said they were hers.





SARAH MULLINS
. I am the wife of John Mullins—the house, No.3, Buckeridge-street belongs to him—I first saw the prisoners about four months ago—they took the front-room on the second-floor or me—Amelia took the room—they were both together—she was spokeswoman—I connot tell the words she used—they have lived there ever since—I have seen one or the other of them there every day, about the house or in the room—I received the rent almost every morning—sometimes at night—sometimes one paid it and sometimes the other.

JURY. Q. Was there no elder person visiting them to instruct them in this art? A. No—nobody that I saw.





JOHN FIELD
. I am Inspector of Coin to His Majesty's Mint, and have been so nearly twenty years—the mould produced by the officer is made of plaster-of-Paris, and is intended for casting counterfeit shillings, and calculated for it—it has the impressions of both sides of a shilling on it, and appears to have been used for such a purpose—I believe it has been used; the obverse side is the deepest impression—the reverse is merely the surface—the two shillings produced by Duke are counterfeit—they are Britannia metal cast—I have applied one to the mould and it corresponds with it, and I believe it was made by it—I have fitted both of them to the mould—they correspond in all respects—the piece of white metal produced by the officer and some which is adhering to the cinders is of a similar description of metal to the counterfeit shilling—this spoon is also of the same kind of metal—here is an iron spoon which has the same kind of white metal adhering to it—it appears to have been in the fire—I cannot tell whether it was actually fused in this identical spoon—I have no doubt white metal has been fused in this spoon—here is a file which would be necessary to remove the surplus metal adhering to the coin after it is cast—there is the appearance of white metal in the teeth of this file now—here is a bag of plaster-of-Paris in powder of the same kind of material as the mould is composed of—the shilling produced by Ashton is a good one.

JURY
Q. Do the moulds look like the work of experienced hands, or

of such children as the prisoner? A. I suppose it quite possible for the prisoners to make them—the mould consists of two circles—this coin resembles a shilling,

AMELIA EVANS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fourteen years.

MARY EVANS—


GUILTY
 Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven years.

Recommended to mercy on account of their youth.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Serjeant Arabin.
