




1583. 




GEORGE WINTER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
7th of June, 18 handkerchiefs, value 1l., 15s., the goods of 



William Smith.






RICHARD SAMPSON
. I am shopman to Mr. William Smith, a hosier, of High Holborn. The prisoner came there at eight o'clock in the morning on the 7th of June—I went into the back shop, and left him by himself—when I came out with the silk he asked for, I missed these handkerchiefs from the window—he wanted to buy the things I went for; and it he was going out I saw these handkerchiefs under his cloak—he ran into Fulwood's-rents, and I after him—he went into a door, and put these things down—he was taken as he came out—I am sure these are my master's property—I saw them ten minutes before he came in.

Prisoner. I went to the shop to ask for some sewing silk for a waistcoat, as the buttons were in holes, and as soon as I came outside, he came and hallooed, "Stop thief—I ran after the people—a man took hold of me, and said I had had some handkerchiefs, and then he went up the court, and picked up the handkerchiefs—there were many persons had them in their hands—I did not see them in the shop at all—there were more on the counter.





WILLIAM HELM
. I lodge in Fulwood's-rents. I was standing at my door, about eight o'clock in the morning, and saw the prisoner running down the court with a bundle under his coat—he went into a private doorway—I saw him come out, and this bundle was picked up inside the door, and carried up to the shop.

Prisoner. He took me five minutes after the handkerchiefs were found.Witness. It was not more than two minutes, I took him at the corner of the court—I am sure he is the man that ran down.





JOHN SHELMARDINE
. I live in Fulwood's-rents. I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner run up a private passage—I looked and found this handkerchief, which I took to the shop.

Prisoner. When I was taken, six or eight all went to see if there wt» anything in the passage. Witness. There was no one went in but me—I was so close to him that he had hardly time to come out.




GUILTY
 Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
