






1300. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     MOLLOY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of May
, 1 frock, value 18s.; 1 handkerchief, value 7s., and 1 penny, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Ferry
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Harriet 
                           Ferry
                        



.


                  HARRIET 
                  FERRY
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Ferry
               



            ; I am nine years old - my father is a bricklayer
, and lives in White Lion-street, Norton-falgate. On White-Tuesday I was carrying a frock in a silk handkerchief, from my father's to Back Church-lane, Whitechapel, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning - I had got to Wood-street, Brick-lane: I there saw the two prisoners, and they followed me from there to opposite Wentworth-street


 - Molloy then knocked my hand and I dropped 1d., which I had in my hand; Molloy took it up - Morris then pulled down my pinafore, took my bundle, and threw it over to Molloy; he ran down Wentworth-street with it, and Morris said,"If she runs after you I will stop her while you run;" I had not known them before, but I am quite sure of their persons - they had walked one on each side of me from Wood-street; they then came facing me; I am sure they are the same boys - they both ran down Wentworth-street.


                  MARY 
                  GRANT
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Grant
               



             - we live in Brick-lane; he is a Police-constable. On Whit-Tuesday I was looking out at my window, between ten and eleven o'clock; I saw the two prisoners together - this little girl was coming along; Molloy hit her hand, and then Morris took a bundle from her, which was in a silk handkerchief, in a little blue pinafore, and they ran down Wentworth-street; I ran after the prisoners, but I was not quick enough - I am sure the prisoners are the persons.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FERRY
               



            . I am the father of this child. On Whit-Tuesday she went with the bundle, between ten and eleven o'clock, to go to Back Church-lane; she came back crying, and said she had lost it between Old Montague-street and Wentworth-street - it was a very handsome lace frock, worth about 15s., and the handkerchief was worth about 6s.


                  SETH 
                  EASTWOOD
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I took the prisoners, with another officer.
Morris' Defence. I never saw the girl before I was taken: I went for a pair of trousers, and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Warren
               



             told me he took the bundle
Molloy's Defence. The boy who took the bundle is in the middle yard now, it was 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Warren
               



            .
MORRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
MOLLOY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Life
            . (See 5th Day.)
