





Before Mr. Justice 
               
                  James 
                  Parke
               



            .
452. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MURRAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of December
, 1 desk, value 20s.; 2 watches, value 7l.; 4 seals, value 20s.; 2 rings, value 6s.; 1 pencil-case, value 2s., and 1 book, value 2s. the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Gardiner
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of the Reverend Sir 
                     
                        John 
                        Robinson
                     



                  , Bart.
            

JOSEPH GARDINER. I am now out of a situation. On the 20th of December I was dining in the servant's hall, at the Reverend Sir John Robinson's, Albemarle-street


; I heard a knock in the area, looked up, and saw the prisoner going up the steps with something under her shawl - I did not know her before; she had slipped into the area - I went into the pantry, and missed my desk, which I had seen there a quarter of an hour before; the area leads to the pantry - the desk contained the articles stated in the indictment; the watches were silver - I gave 10l. for one ten years ago, and five guineas for the other four years ago - I value them at 7l. 10s.; I value all the property at 8l. 11s.
JOHN POULTON. I am servant to Sir John Robinson, and was dining in the servant's hall. I heard a noise in the area steps, and saw the prisoner going up; I ran out and saw her crossing the road, with this desk under her arm - I followed and took her with it.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not give it to you and tell you I had seen a person drop it? No; I saw her going up the steps with it - she said it was a box of linen; I said No, it was a desk.
Prisoner's Defence. I was very much in liquor; I saw a person drop the desk down the area - I ran down and slipped; I took it up, and directly the man came up I gave it to him.




               GUILTY (of stealing to the value of 99s. only.)
             Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
