



71. 




ANN FLYNN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of October, 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; 2 knives, value 6d.; 1 cravat, value 1s.; 1 breast-pin, value 18d.; and 2 sovereigns; the goods and monies of 



Michael Handley.






MICHAEL HANDLEY
. I am a porter, and live in Wilmore-gardens, Kingsland-road. On Sunday night, the 27th of October, I had been to see some friends at the West, between eleven and twelve o'clock—I went to a house in St. Giles's with a woman—I suppose it was a brothel—I was drunk, so much so I did not know then what I did; but after I got into a room there were two women—I sent one out for some liquor, and the prisoner was left in the room—I suppose I fell asleep—when I awoke I found my waistcoat and neckcloth off, and two sovereigns were gone, which were wrapped up in my waistcoat, in a piece of paper with red letters on it, two knives, and a pin—I spoke to the people who came up into the room,

and while speaking to them the prisoner came up—there was nothing in my hat then, but, as I was going down stairs, my cravat and pin were have in to my hat—somebody must have dropped them in, as I am confident they were not there before.

Prisoner. He gave me the two sovereigns. Witness. I did not—I was sensible enough to know that, although I was in liquor.

Prisoner. He had been drinking all night with me and two other females in the White Lion public-house. Witness. I had not—I had two or three shillings in my trowsers' pocket—that was not gone—I gave 1s. to pay for the drink.





ROBERT WARNS
. I am a policeman. I went with the prosecutor to Buckeridge-street, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night—he complained to me that he had lost two sovereigns and a waistcoat—he had a hat on, but no waistcoat—the prisoner came up stairs while we were there—he pointed her out, and I took her into custody—in going down stairs my brother officer heard something going into her mouth—he called to me for assistance—I went—he grasped her throat—I put an umbrella-handle into her mouth to keep it open, put my finger in, and pulled out a sovereign—a woman searched her at the station-house—I was not present at the time but I received 17s. 10d. from the woman—on Monday morning, as I was taking the prisoner to Hatton-garden, I said, "How came you to rob this man?"—she said, "I wanted money—I had a chance, and therefore I took the chance"—I asked her afterwards what she had done with the waistcoat—she said, "I took the sovereigns out of the waistcoat-pocket, and hid the waistcoat"—I found it in a sort of privy, not in the same house, but in another street.





JEREMIAH CAMPBELL
 (police-constable E 121.) I was with Warne—the prosecutor pointed the prisoner out, and gave her in charge—she denied it—in taking her down stairs, I saw her put something into her mouth—I said, "You shan't swallow that sovereign, if it is one"—she said, "I have nothing in my mouth"—I almost strangled her to prevent her swallowing it—we put the hook of an umbrella into her mouth because she should not bite, and Warne took a sovereign from her mouth—I afterwards went to No. 3, Maynard-street, where I knew the prisoner lived, searched her bed-room, and found two knives and this piece of paper under a pillow, and the waistcoat under the stairs, which the prosecutor claimed.

Prisoner. The girls who were in company with this man live in the same house as Mr. Witness. I know the prisoner, and the person that took the prosecutor into the room where he was robbed—the one he sent for the gin lives at Grout's lodging-house, at the corner of Buckeridge-street.





MICHAEL HANDLEY

re-examined. These knives and waistcoat are mine, land this is the paper my money was in.

Prisoner. The other girls that had been in company with him were with him up stairs as well as me—I did not say what the policeman has stated.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
