




584. 




THOMAS RAVENOR
 and 



WILLIAM SKEET
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
13th of January, 5 trusses of straw, value 7s. 6d., the goods of 




George West.







GEORGE WEST
. I am a mason and builder, living in Cannon Street road, St. George's-in-the-east. I have lost five trusses of straw—it was taken out of my premises on the 13th of January last—I had not seen it from the time it came into the warehouse—I cannot tell when that was—I have a man who attends to this place—I cannot speak to the identity of this straw.





MICHAEL MURPHY
. I am servant to Mr. West. About five o'clock on Saturday, the 13th of January, I left the warehouse, and left 498 trussed of straw there—I locked it with a padlock—I went again on Monday morning at twenty minutes past nine o'clock—the padlock was off the door, and another one put on that I had not seen before—I went up stairs and found the loft in a different situation to what I had left it—I suspected there was some straw gone—I afterwards counted, and missed seven trusses—there was nothing about them to enable me to know them again—they were bound up like this—(looking at one)—they had two bands on them, but the policeman has put another on this one—I cannot speak to the straw.





GEORGE ROE
. I am servant to Mrs. Perry, of the Swan public-house, Wapping. On Saturday, the 13th of January, at twenty minutes put nine o'clock, I went into the stable at the back of my premises—I heard a noise in the wharf, and went and looked, and saw four trusses of straw, and Skeet was standing by the side of them—Skeet said to Raven-or, "I shall give you 7d. a truss for the lot"—this was at the back of the premises, on the open wharf—I called out to know if it was Mike the wharfinger—(my place joins Mr. West's)—I called out, "Mike" and got no answer—I went and looked, and saw it was Ravenor—I then went and told Mrs. Berry, and she sent for the policeman—there were four trusses on the stones, and one on the bottom of the stairs—there was a cart backed close to the wharf—that was Skeet's cart.





HANNAH BERRY
. I keep the Swan public-house at Wapping Dockstairs. I went out with a light, and saw four trusses of straw on the wharf, and on the bottom of the stairs I saw Skeet in his cart—I did not see the other—Skeet said he came to take some straw that he understood he was to buy, out of a barge—there was no barge alongside the wharf at all—he said he expected one—I said, "Do you want this straw here? if yon do you won't have it, because there is no one here to sell it you"—he said he supposed then the cart might go—I said yes, I dare say it might—I had known him before for years, but I did not suppose he had any business there at that time of night.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you married? A. I an a widow, and have been so several years—I am living with a man in this public-house—his name is James Scott.





GEORGE WEST

re-examined. I went down on the Saturday-night, and found the lock had been taken off the hasp, and the bar was down—this was about a quarter past ten o'clock—I took a light, and went up stairs to go into the loft, but I found it full of straw, and did not go up—we thought that there was a man in the loft—I said, "We will lock him in"—I got another lock, and fastened him in, and waited till two o'clock, but no one came out—straw had been taken from the loft and we traced the straw from the warehouse down to where it had been laid on the wharf—this straw is similar to it.





HENRY BROWN HOWARD
 (police-constable K 76.) I was sent for, and found

four trusses of straw on the wharf, and one on the bottom of the stairs—the men were gone—I went after Ravenor, and found him in the Ship public-house—Roe pointed him out—I called him, and said I wanted him—he said, "Me?"—I said, "Yes"—he walked out—I said I wanted him in consequence of some straw taken from Mr. West's loft—he said he had been in the tap-room of the Ship from five o'clock in the morning till that time—that was at twenty minutes to ten o'clock—he said he would bring thirty people to prove it, and he had not been on the wharf—the next morning, at half-past six o'clock, I went to Skeet's, and said it was no rather an unpleasant business, about some straw taken from Mr. West's loft—he said he was down with the cart the night before, when a man came to him at the Bull's Head public-house, and asked him if he wanted any straw; he said no—the man said a barge had been cleared out at St. John's Wharf, and there were some bundles of hack straw, and he might have it—he said be declined going, but he was pressed to go, and he ordered the man to hook the horse to the cart and go down—that he went down to the wharf, but could see no straw, it was so dark, and that Mrs. Berry came out, and asked what did he want—he said he came for some straw, and he supposed it came out of a barge, and he described the man Ravenor, on the way to the station-house, as the man who had come to him at the Bull's Head, and he identified him when he came to the station as the man who had come to him about the straw.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. He said it was so dark that he could not see whether they were packets or trusses, or what they were? A. Yes, he did.

MR. CLARKSON
called






WILLIAM STEVENS
. I am a butcher, residing in New Gravel-Jane. I remember this evening, Saturday, the 13th of January, Ravenor came and knocked at my door, about eight o'clock, and desired me to go and look at some loose straw he had then on the wharf—I did not go, as I was tired.





WILLIAM TYSON
. I am a mariner. On this Saturday night, I was at the Bull public-house—Skeet was there, and another man—the waiter came in and called Skeet out—Ravenor was at the door, and he spoke to Skeet.

Ravenor's Defence. I was authorised to sell it by Michael Sullivan—he came to me at eight o'clock, at the Ship public-house, and asked me if I knew anybody who would buy some loose straw—I said I did not know—he said if I could he would pay me for it—I went to a public-house—they did not know any one—I went to Mr. Skeet, and he sent me to another man, and the man was gone away to the West Indies—I then went to Skeet's house—I saw Mrs. Skeet, who sent me to the Bull's Head—I there saw him—he said he did not want to buy it—I said the man said he should have it cheap—he said he would put the horse in the cart, and go and look at it—Mr. Stevens knew me well—I told the Magistrate that Mike Sullivan authorised me to sell it.





HENRY BROWN HOWARD

re-examined. Before the Magistrate, he said it was Mike Collins.

RAVENOR †—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

SKEET—


NOT GUILTY
.
