





2533. 



JOHN KIRBY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
17th of August, 47 yards of carpet, value 7l., the goods of 



Joshua James Eamondson and another, in their dwelling-house: and 




MARY ANN FREEGROVE
 and 




LOUISA BELL
, 

for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be of some evil-disposed person.



MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE SMITH
. I am clerk to Mr. Joshua James Eamondson and his partner, who are upholsterers, and live in the Strand. This carpet is theirs, and is worth between 6l. and 7l.—I saw it last on their premises on Friday evening, the 16th of August, and I missed it on the 17th, from half-past three to four o'clock—it was inside the shop, near the door.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is there more than one other partner? A. No—I know the carpet by the pattern, which is not common—the quantity exactly corresponds with our books, and by the cut (which is quite unusual with carpet dealers) being in the centre of the pattern—it is the commonest sort of carpet.





DANIEL WOOL RIDGE
. I am porter to Messrs. Eamondson. I put this carpet on Saturday, the 17th of August, inside the door, on a place where the shatters go—this exactly corresponds with my master's.





EDWARD TERRY
. I am a driver of a cab. On the 17th of August I was with my cab near Adelaide-street, Strand—about half past eleven o'clock I was hired by a young man, but I do not know who—he wanted a cab to take a piece of carpet—he got into the cab, and a large piece of carpet was put in—I believe this to be it—I cannot swear to the man, but I believe the prisoner Kirby to be him—he told me to drive to Compton-street, and directed me to drive a round-about way—I stopped about half way down on the right side of Compton-street—I assisted him rat with the carpet on his back, and took my money, and went about my business—the man's trowsers had mud on them.





FRANCIS KEYS
. I was an officer of Bow-street on the 17th of August. I was acting as officer on that day between eleven and twelve o'clock—I was at the corner of Compton-street with a lad named Goodson, the son of the door-keeper at the office—a cab drove patt me—I saw Kirby sitting in it, with a piece of carpet, which I believe to be this—I ran after the cab and saw it stop, and as Kirby got out I saw some mud on the right leg of his trowsers—the carpet was put out on his shoulder—be ran to a house, No. 73—he pushed at the door and went in—I remained near the house, and watched for an hour and a half; during that time I saw a man look out of one of the windows on the second floor, who, I believe, was Kirby, and then a female put her head out of the window, which I believe to have been Freegrove—she had some large red beads round her neck—that was after Kirby had been in an hour, I should think—I saw Kirby come out with a youth about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes after the female had looked out of the window—I watched them down Drury-lane—they went into a house in Charles-street—I was still watching—they came out, and went on to Holborn into Broad-street—I then perceived that they saw me—I pretended to come down into the City, and ran back, spoke to the boy, and went to the office and got Ballard and Fletcher—we went to Compton-street—we waited there, and saw Freegrove and Bell go into the house—I told Ballard to go in—he went in, and went up stairs—Fletcher next—I went last—I saw this roll of carpet there—we took it—

Mrs. Freegrove had these large red beads round her neck, the same that I had seen the woman have who looked out of window.

Cross-examined. Q. How far was the cab from you when you first saw it? A. Not more than six yards, but perhaps it came within four yards in turning—I ran after it for two or three minutes—it was an open cab—I only had the person of the man in my view when he passed me, and when he got out—I was, perhaps, seventy yards from him then.

COURT. Q. You saw him come out of the house again? A. Yes, and he was the person who went in.





WILLIAM BALLARD
. I was an officer of Bow-street. On the 17th of August I was called to accompany Keys to No. 73, Compton-street—I went in while the two female prisoners were going up the second flight of stairs—they stopped on the landing of the second floor, and turned and looked at me—when I came to the top I made a stand—they said, "What do you want?"—I said, "I want that door open," and pointed to the door of the second floor front room—there was a good deal of hesitation with them—I said, "Will you open it, or shall I break it open?"—Freegrove then said, "Give me the key"—Bell gave it her—the door was opened, and they went in—I got just withinside the door, and began to look around—they said, "Well, what do you want here?"—I looked about and saw this piece of carpet behind Bell—I said, "That is what I want; where did you get that from?"—they both said that they had bought it of a man in the street—then they said a man brought it to the room, and put it down, and went away, and they knew nothing about it—then they said that some one had brought it and left it in their absence—I said I must keep them there—they were very restless, and I could not lock the door—Freegrove went to the bureau, and then to the fire—I could not leave the door—she stirred the fire, and some silver ran through it—William Freegrove and another man came into the room.





WILLIAM GREVILLE OLIVIER
. I am a school-master, and live at No. 73, Compton-street. William Freegrove and his wife had lived in the second floor front room for three weeks on the day they were taken—I knew Bell by her coming to see them—she was there constantly.

KIRBY*—


GUILTY
 of Larceny. Aged 18.

FREEGROVE—


GUILTY
. Aged 22. 




Transported Seven Years.

BELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.
