



2497. 




CHARLOTTE WHEELER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of August, one sovereign, the goods of 



Robert Heppenstall.






ELIZA HEPPENSTALL
. I am wife of Robert Heppenstall, a master mariner, and live in King-street, Stepney-fields. The prisoner came to me on the 15th of July, as servant—on the 7th of August my husband gave me fifteen sovereigns—they were very bright, for he had brought them from the Bank—I put them into my desk—I missed one the next day—I told the prisoner of it, but had no suspicion of her—she seemed concerned, and endeavoured to recollect what money had been changed—she afterwards said Mr. Constable (who was our baker) had said she was the girl who brought a bright sovereign to change—this gave me some suspicion, as I had not seen her with bright sovereigns at all, and no sovereign which I had given her was bright—my little girl came to me, and said, "Charlotte has picked up a new shawl"—I went to her, and said, "What is this?"—she pulled a new shawl out of her pocket, and said she found it in Jubilee-place—I said, "You are a very fortunate girl"—she said, "Yes, I always was; I once found some beads"—I searched her box, and found two pairs of gloves, and other things, but no sovereign—I called her up, and told her how bad a girl she had been, she being the cause of another person being discharged—she said she had been well brought up, and loved her Bible; but at last she gave me some intelligence about the sovereign, and said that 5s. of it she had spent in fruit and rubbish, 5s. she had thrown down the water-closet, and 10s. she had buried—she went out with one of my daughters, and could not find it, she went out again, came back, and said she had found it where she had hid it, but on the Monday following she said she had taken the whole sovereign to a woman in Whitechapel.

Prisoner. That is the truth.





SUSANNAH STERNE
. I live with my mother, in Burke-row, Whitechapel. I have known the prisoner two months—one Thursday, about a month ago, she came to my mother's—she came up stairs, and threw down a sovereign, and said she had found it—it was a new one, quite bright—my mother gave her the sovereign when she came again, and told her to take it home to her mother.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
