



1350. 




JOHN MAGUIRE
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 




Patrick Hagerty, on the 
21st of April, at 
Saint Marylebone, and unlawfully cutting and wounding him upon his head, with intent to maim and disable him.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to do him some grievous bodily harm.—3rd COUNT, to resist and prevent his lawful apprehension and detainer.






PATRICK HAGERTY
 (police-constable D. 103.) On the morning of the 21st of April, about one o'clock, I was on duty in the Edgeware-road—I saw the prisoner in company with two females, whom I knew to be prostitutes—the prisoner had a bundle and a shovel under one of his arms, I cannot say which, and his other arm was round one of the females—I went up to the prisoner, and asked him what he had in the bundle—I was in my dress as a policeman, and had my cape on at the time—the prisoner asked me what business I had with him—I told him I wished to see what the bundle contained—he refused to let me see—I said if he did not, I would bring him to the station-house—I stepped up before him, and he instantly

dropped the bundle, and took the shovel up, struck me on the head with the blade of it, and cut my head—(I had not touched him at that time.)—it was not very much of a blow, my hat prevented it from taking full effect—my hat dropped off at the time, and the prisoner came up with the shovel and made a second attempt to strike me over the head, but I stepped back a few yards, and missing his blow he came right down on the pavement with the blade of the shovel, which turned the edge of it—he was coming up with a third attempt, with the shovel raised in his hand, when a constable from the adjoining beat came over with his staff drawn, and struck him between the two shoulders, which took no effect—it did not stop him—he turned round and struck the other constable with the shovel on the hat—he drove the corner right through the crown of his hat, and made a hole through, but it did not hit him—he then raised the shovel, and struck at the other constable again, but he missed his blow—the constable stepped back a few yards, and when the prisoner saw he had missed his blow, he ran away—I brought the bundle to the station-house, and examined it—it contained the property claimed by a person here present—there were in it five trowels, and one flannel jacket—they were wrapped round with a handkerchief—I knew the prisoner—I had seen him in custody before—he was apprehended in about three-quarters of an hour, asleep, in some house, but I was not there—I saw him in about fifty minutes in Harcourt-street station-house, which is about three minutes' walk from the place where this happened.

Prisoner. I told him to come to my lodging, and see what was in the bundle. Witness. Yes, I believe he did, but I understood he had no lodging in particular.

COURT. Q. How did you know that? A. In consequence of his being taken often times lying out in out-houses—I think the prisoner was not sober—he kept the shovel all the time—I did not get that—he went off with it, and had it with him when he was taken.





WILLIAM GLASSCOCK
 (police-constable. 7 61.) I was on duty on the opposite side of the Edgeware-road, about five minutes after one o'clock, on the morning of the 21st of April—I was coming from the Harrow-road, in the direction of Chapel-street—I saw several persons standing at the corner of Chapel-street, but I did not know who they were, or what they were—all at once I saw a scuffle take place, from the pavement into the middle of the road—I saw the prisoner and the constable go from the pavement into the middle of the road—I heard something drop, which proved to be these trowels—I then saw the prisoner with the shovel raised, and my brother constable was singing out. for help—I ran across the road—the prisoner struck the shovel on the ground before I got over—he was then lifting it up again, when I struck him between the two shoulders, but the blow not taking the effect which I intended, he immediately turned round to me, and struck me a violent blow with the shovel, on the hat, which stunned me, and my hat fell off, but I did not fall—I was about to come up. at him again, when I saw he had got the shovel again raised, and was coming. at me; and I found that if I advanced any further, my head would have been severed in two, my hat being off at the time—he found that I retreated back, and he then made his escape—he ran down Burns'-place—I was unacquainted with that place, and it being dark I sprung my rattle, but did not then overtake the prisoner—I saw him, in about an

hour afterwards, at Harcourt-street station-house—another officer who is here took him.





ARTHUR GORE
 (police-constable D. 120.) I was on duty about a quarter to two o'clock, on the morning of the 21st of April, in Charles-street, Lisson-grove—one of my. brother constables came to me, and gave me information of what the prisoner had committed—a woman came up in the meantime, and said she was afraid to go to her lodging at No. 7, Charles-street, Lisson-grove, at there was a person asleep in the house—I, in consequence, went to that house, and found the prisoner asleep on the landing of the first floor, with this shovel by his side—knowing him to be a most violent character, I took the shovel away, and let him remain, as I knew I should be unable to make a prisoner of him by myself—I went and procured the assistance of two other constables, and we then took him to Harcourt-street station-house—on his way to the station-house, be acknowledged the shovel to be his, and also at the station-house—he was sober then, but I rather suspect he had been drinking previously.





WILLIAM POUNCT
. I live in Little Carlisle-street, and am a plasterer, I was at work at a new house in Somers-street, and left work at half-put five o'clock, on the night of the 20th of April—I gave my four trowels to the boy to clean, which he did, and put them into the pail which was left in the fire-place on the second floor—there was only a temporary door to the house, which was put up for the occasion, and it was fastened by a piece of wood falling against it inside—these four trowels now produced are the same as I lost that night—the prisoner had no business on those premises that I know of—he bad no authority from me to take these trowels—they are worth 6s.





JOHN DAVIS
. I am a plasterer. I was working at the same house as the last witness. I lost one trowel out of the same pall on the same night—I have no knowledge of the prisoner—he had nothing to do with these premises.





GERALD MURPHT
. I live in Nightingale-street, Lisson-grove. This shovel is my property—I put it into the house, No. 20, Somers-street, where the plasterers were working, and I lost it from the first-floor, the tame night that they lost their trowels.





WILLIAM PARISH
. I live in Cumberland-market, and am a plasterer. This is my flannel' jacket—I lost it from the same house on the same night.

Prisoner's Defence. I do not know how I came by the tools at all—I was very tipsy—I was coming from my work when I had them.





PATRICK HAOERTY

re-examined. Q. Describe a little more fully what was the effect of the blow you received? A. If my hat had not been on it would have cut my head open—it was not very violent—my head was cut open—I went to the doctor the next morning, and got a bit of sticking plaster, to keep my hat from it—the skin of my bead was cut through—the wound was not much—it was a little round spot.




GUILTY
 Aged 20.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
