







234. 
               
                  
                     EDWIN ROBERT 
                     RANDALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October


, 3 silver spoons, value 6s.; 1 gold ring, value 10s., and 1 sword-helf, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Randall
                  



               
            , widow
; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, harbouring, and maintaining the said Edwin Robert Randall, well knowing him to have committed the said felony
            ; and 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     SIMMONS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said 3 spoons, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
ANN RANDALL. I live at No. 9, Brewer's-row, Palmer's-village, Westminster




, and am a widow. I lost this property on the 31st of October - I had been robbed several times before; I put these things into a pocket-book, and put the pocket-book into the mattress of my bed - I do not know on what day they were taken, but they were safe on the 26th of October; I have reason to think they were taken on the 30th, but I did not miss them for three weeks after that - Randall is my son, and lived in my house; he was fourteen years old last June - he was not in the house immediately that I missed them, but I saw him come in the next day, and I wished him to leave the house; he usually lived in the house.
Q. Did he ask why you forbid him the house? A. He knew there was a reason for it, but he did not know I had discovered the loss; I told him I had lost them, and suspected him - he denied it at first, and then said, "Don't make such a bother about your things, you can get them back again;" I said, "How am I to get them back?" he said, "Go to Bill Page, and he will tell you all about it;" I have never found the things - the spoons were silver, and worth 2s. each, the gold ring 10s., and the aword-knot 4s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PAGE
               



            . I was formerly a pot-boy. On the 31st of October I was out of employ, and am so now; I lodge in Little George-street, Westminster, and know Randall - I was standing against the Castle public-house, with the prisoner Morris, when Randall came up, and said he had some old silver to sell; he spoke to me first - Morris made answer, and said, "Oh, have you?" Randall said Yes, he had, but he did not know where to go and sell it; he had not got it with him then; I afterwards saw him give a parcel to the prisoner Simmons, and heard him say, in Simmons' hearing, that there were three silver spoons in it; Randall and Morris went along together with Simmons, till they came up to the Fighting Corks, which is not many minute's walk - I stood across the road, and Morris called me over; I remained outside the house.
Q. What occasion was there for you to wait? A. I waited there till they came out; they all three came out together, and then Simmons went one way, Randall and Morris another; I saw the parcel delivered to Simmons before they went into the public-house, but never saw what was in it; Morris is a person who jobbed about - I had known him about three months; I did not know Randall had stolen the things from his mother - he said he and another boy had stolen them from a person across the Park, and that he had stolen six of them; he did not mention his mother - he did not mention the name of the person from whom he had stolen them, but said it was a jeweller's shop, by some square - I made him no answer when he told me this; I gave information about it in about a fortnight, when his mother came to me and accused me about it - she apprehended me, and said I had bought the spoons, and that he had said he sold them to me for 3s. - I had not bought them, nor made any agreement to boy them; Randall was taken up that morning, Morris next day, and Simmons the day after.

Cross-examined by MR. SMITH. Q. The mother accused you? A. Yes; I had never seen the spoons - the parcel was in brown paper, and what it contained I do not know, except that Randall told me it contained three spoons, and that he had stolen six, but three he had for himself, and three the other boy had; that one was almost worn through in the middle - Simmons was not by when he said that; I was to have none of the produce; I followed him to see what he sold them for - I did not see the money given, but he said he sold them for 2s. 6d.; I swear that; he gave him the money in the public-house; he told me so when he came out - I did not hear him tell Simmons he had stolen them; I only know that he bought them by what Randall said, and he showed me the 2s. 6d. - I am not swearing now.
COURT. Q. You are speaking on your oath now? Witness. Yes, I am speaking what I saw, and what he told me.
MR. SMITH. Q. Do you know that every thing you say now is sworn? A. Yes; I was a pot-boy about four months ago; I had been out of place about three months, when this happened - I had been jobbing about; I was never taken up, or charged with any offence before - I have been in custody till the present time, to give evidence - I was never convicted of any thing; I cannot say Simmous did not give him back the spoons, nor that they were Mrs. Randall's; he said he sold the three which he had, to Simmons.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WILKINS
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended Simmons on the 27th of November, in Orchard-street -I did not then know where he lived; he was walking along Orchard-street - I had been looking after him before; I asked him if he had bought some silver spoons of three boys, at the Fighting Cocks, Dartmouth-street, and believe I said he had better tell the truth - I had a warrant, and went and searched his place, in Corbett's yard, Petticoat-lane - I found nothing there; I forgot to state that I took him from the watch-house to Tothillfields, to see Page, who was there; I asked Page if that was the man; he said, in his hearing, that it was; (I had heard Page's account before) - Page said, "You are the man who bought the spoons at the Fighting Cocks, Dartmouth-street;" Simmons said, "You had better look at me again, and be sure that you don't swear wrong;" he persevered in it - Simmons said, Page would swear wrong, and denied it - I have not found any of the stolen things; Simmons was in the watch-house when I went to his place; I saw his daughter there - he had directed me to that place as his - I did not apprehend the other prisoners.
Cross-examined. Q. He did not hesitate in the slightest degree to tell you where he lived? A. No; I found his daughter and two or three of his children there; they did not object to my searching, but behaved particularly civil - he has a large family; I knew nothing of him except seeing him about Pye-street, and Duck-lane on his business.
Randall's Defence. I wish to say, I never said anything of the kind, either to my mother or to Page - as to my fellow-prisoners, I never beheld them till they were at Queen-square.


                  Morris 
                  Defence
               



            . I know nothing of Randall - I never saw him, and had no connexion with him - I never spoke to Simmons.
Simmons' Defence. I am as innocent as a child unborn- I never knew the prisoners till I was apprehended, and when the Policeman charged me with the spoons, he said,"These are the boys;" I said, "I don't know them."
MRS. RANDALL. Only my father daughter, and three children, live in the house - I knew Page as potboy at the public-house we dealt at; he did not come to our room at all - I never saw Morris at the house; he keeps company with my son.
RANDALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MORRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Confined Six Months
            . and 



               Whipped
            .
SIMMONS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
