



644. 




JOHN SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of January, 1 lamb, price 35s., the property of 



Francis Sherborn. 2nd COUNT, for killing the lamb, with intent to steal the carcase.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






FRANCIS SHERBORN
. I have a farm at Bedfont, of about 200 acres. I purchased 311 lambs at the last July fair at Holresford, and kept then in a field of turnips at Bedfont, which is about two miles from the prisoner's house—he lives at Feltham—they were marked "S" in a round ring on the back—this is the brand with which they were marked (producing it) they were marked so before I purchased them, and being the initial of my name I did not alter it—they were fine Down lambs—my shepherd, Stephen Alexander, had the care of them—in consequence of what I had heard, on Sunday evening, the 6th of January, I went the fall owing day to the field, and missed one—Thorpe, the constable, afterwards showed me a skin—I am quite positive it was the skin of one of my lambs—the head was produced before the magistrate—part of the skin was left on it, and dart part was wanting in the skin itself—some meat was found at the prisoner's house—I saw it compared with the skin, and have no doubt they formed part of the same lamb—the prisoner is a labourer in the neighbourhood.





ROBERT THOMAS THORPE
. I am a constable of Feltham. On Sunday, the 6th of January, in the forenoon, I was walking with my brother through a field belonging to Mrs. Smith of Feltham, which is about a mile and a half from Mr. Sherborn's field, where the lambs were—I found the skin of a lamb in a hollow tree in that field—it appeared quite fresh off the carcase—I went directly to the prisoner's cottage, which is about sixty or seventy yards from that tree, and there found the whole of the lamb, except the two legs, and part of the loin—the fore-port of the carcase was on the bed, and a knife by it, stained with blood—the prisoner was at home—I asked him where be got the mutton—he told me when he went outside the day before it was in a sack against the door, and he took it in—I found a small tub on the premises, containing blood, and there were marks of blood in the yard, which had been swept away with the broom—I

found a shoulder of mutton boiling in the pot, and a lamb's head, with the lights, in another pot—the same head was afterwards shown to Mr. Sherborn—part of the skin still remained on it, and the same part of the skin was wanting on the skin found in the hollow tree—I saw them compared, and they tallied exactly—as we were coming out of the prisoner's cottage, his wife said to him, "I told you you would get nicked for bringing these things home."





JOHN ENGLISH
. I am a butcher. I compared some pieces of mutton shown to me with the skin found in the hollow of the tree—in my judgment they belonged to each other—the lamb appeared to have been killed in a rough way, not as a butcher would have done it.





STEPHEN ALEXANDER
. I am shepherd to Mr. Sherborn, and have the care of his lambs—I had counted them a fortnight before the Sunday in question, and found there were 311—on the Sunday, when my master name down, there were only 310—they were enclosed with hurdles all safe in the turnip field, on the Saturday evening.

Prisoner. My wife and family were really starving to death, and had not a mouthful to eat—I had nothing in the world to get a bit of bread, and no friends—I hope you will be merciful to me—it is the first time I was ever before a Magistrate in my life.




GUILTY
. † Aged 30.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
