





894. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
, 1 canvas bag, value 2d.; 2 half-crowns, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hill
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a horse-keeper
. I was in Holborn


, between one and two o'clock in the morning of the 17th of March; I had been out with a friend, but was quite sober - I was in a public-house; the prisoner came in, and asked me for something to drink; I gave her some - I then went out; she followed, and asked me to go home with her, which I refused; in going along Holborn she put her hand into my right-hand pocket, and took out my purse, which contained two half-crowns and one sixpence - I felt her put her hand into my pocket; I took hold of her, and struggled with her; I tried to get away, and we both fell together on the pavement; I called for assistance - the watchman came up, and took her; he took the purse out of her hand.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What were you doing in the public-house? A. I was with a friend, but he went out before me - we went into the house between eleven and twelve o'clock, and left it about one; I was not drinking all the time - we had a little beer; it might be three pints - we had nothing but beer till the prisoner came in, and asked for gin, which I gave her, but I did not take any more than one glass; there had been no freedom between the prisoner and me - I wanted to get rid of her in the street - she was not drunk.


                  JOHN 
                  BEAN
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Andrew, Holborn. I was on duty, and saw the prosecutor and this woman struggling - they were both down; I heard him say, "You have got my purse;" there was a crowd round them - I got in, and asked what he had lost; he said, "She has got my purse;" I wrenched it, with a great deal of difficulty, from her hand; I took her to the watch-house, and found two half-crowns and one sixpence in it - she seemed to have been drinking, but he was quite sober - she said at the watch-house that he had agreed to go home with her.
Cross-examined. Q. Did she not claim the purse as her own? A. Yes.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He was quite intoxicated, and so was I.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
