





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
495. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     AKHURST
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of January
, 1 horse-collar, value 7s.; 1 trace' value 2s.; 1 pair of harness, value 5s.; 2 bridles, value 5s., and 1 pair of reins, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles Vincent 
                     Webb
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Charles Vincent Webb; he rents a stall in the stable in Ebury-mews


 - the prisoner was in the habit of coming backwards and forwards to see a person who lives in the loft. On the evening before this robbery I saw my master's harness all right, and next morning it was gone.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAYSON
               



            . I rent a room over the stable. On the Saturday night the prisoner came and asked me for a night's lodging; I had known him four or five years before, and told him he might sleep in the loft, which he did, and in the morning he left me without notice - Ward came to me, and said the property was lost; I was ill in bed, and swear I knew nothing about it.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  FLORD
               



            . I am a hackneyman. On the Sunday morning in question, about half-past seven o'clock, the prisoner came and knocked at my stable door; I was not up - I had known him seven or eight years; he had been in respectable situations, at Lady Murray's and other places - he brought this harness to me; he asked 18s. for it- I asked whose it was; he said, it had been given to him by a young man who he had done some work for - I said I did not want it, but he begged me to let him leave it with me till he could get a customer for it, which I did; this is it.


                  THOMAS 
                  YOUNG
               



             (Police-constable D 132). I apprehended the prisoner at the corner of Riding-horse-lane; he said his name was Hall, and he knew nothing about the harness.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that a man had given him the harness to dispose of, and that the stable was free of access to every body.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
