





748. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     DEAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of March
, 1 spoon, value 4s.; 3 table-cloths, value 8s.; 2 blankets, value 20s.; 1 set of bed furniture, value10s.; 4 shirts, value 14s.; 3 sheets, value 20s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 1 yard and a quarter of lawn, value 5s.; 1 bolster, value 20s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Evan 
                           Daniel
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .
EVAN DANIEL. I live at No. 32, Bishopsgate-street - Within


, and am a surgeon
. The prisoner lived in my service for nineteen months; and on the 21st of March, in the morning, I gave her warning to leave that day month - and after I had gone out, she left, and not returning, I searched and missed sheets, table-cloths, spoons, shirts, stockings, and bed furniture - I mentioned it to one of the day police, and on the 12th of April she was taken into custody - I have found the greatest part of my property - when the prisoner was apprehended, (I neither threatened nor promised her,) I asked her what she did with my property - she said she had it all safe, and I should have it - that was about ten o'clock at night - I took her to the watch-house, which was close by, and gave her in charge - they took her up stairs, and presently I was called up, and twenty-six duplicates were produced in her presence - on my pointing to one, and asking if it was the bolster of her bed, she said it was.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RILEY
               



            . I am an officer of Bishopsgate. The prisoner was given into my custody - I was about to search her, and she gave me a parcel of duplicates - I said I must search her further, and then she gave me another parcel of duplicates.


                  LEWIS 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Bradley. I produce some articles from him, several of which I took in myself - I took in this sheet and table-cloth for 10s. 6d. on the 9th of April - I have six other parcels, the duplicates of which are not in my handwriting.
EVAN DANIEL re-examined. My name is on the tablecloth - it is my property, and the sheet also - I never saw any thing irregular in her character while with me - the property has been pledged within a period of twelve months.
GUILTY. Aged 44. - 


               Recommended to mercy
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
