





539. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        Jose Pinheiro 
                        Vizeu
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOSE PINHEIRO VIZEU. On the 12th of March, I was going home, from Abchurch-lane to Harper-street, and in Skinner-street


 I felt a touch at my pocket - I turned round, and saw the prisoner cross from my side of the way to the opposite side - I crossed over, and came up to him near Bowtell's shop window; and, seeing no officer, I said to him, "Are you a countryman?" - he said, "What do you want with me?" - I said, "I think you have stolen my handkerchief" - he said, "You may search me, if you please" - he had his hand in his trowsers pocket - I said,"What have you there?" - he took his hand out and showed it to me; and I saw the corner of my handkerchief hanging out of his pocket, it being red - I said, "There is my pocket-handkerchief" - he threw it down, and started off down Holborn - I ran, singing out, "Stop thief;" and he was stopped, before I came to Shoe-lane, by the officer - I cannot say exactly that I saw the officer catch him, but he is the same person, I have not a doubt - I picked up my handkerchief - it has my initials on it - he was stopped very near the poulterer's shop in Shoe-lane - it was just the width of the street; there were so many people about the officer, I could not see him stopped.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Where is Bowtell's? A. On the left hand side, opposite Farringdon-street - he was taken far from me - he was stopped by Shoe-lane, I believe - I did not see him stopped, for I remained by Bowtell's shop - I could not run as fast as he did - I do not know what the prisoner said - I saw him throw the handkerchief down - he did not tell me he had picked it up.


                  JAMES 
                  BEMAN
               



            . I am an officer. I took charge of the prisoner - I took him close to Shoe-lane - I was coming down Holborn-hill, and met him running up the hill - Mr. Vizeu gave me the handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down Skinner-street, on the right hand side, from Newgate-street. I saw, on the other side of the way, something which I thought was a handkerchief. I crossed over and picked it up. I was returning with the handkerchief - I had just got to the other side of the way, when Mr. Vizeu came up, and asked if I was a countryman. I said I was not. He then said,"I have lost my handkerchief, and believe you have taken it;" but he hesitated before he said he believed I had it. Several people having seen me pick it up, I hesitated before I gave it to him; at last I did, and it fell in giving it to him. I was walking on, and he called, "Stop thief." I ran, and was stopped, by the poulterer's shop, by a policeman - several people were there - one came into the watch-house to establish my innocence, but was not allowed to be heard - several saw me pick it up, and some are in Court now.


                  JANE 
                  REED
               



            . My husband is a copper-plate engraver, and lives at No. 2, Hertford-street, King's-road - on Wednesday evening, the 12th of March, near six o'clock, I was passing down Skinner-street, on the right hand side by the church - I saw the prisoner some distance before me - nearly half the length of Skinner-street - I saw a handkerchief lying on the pavement - to the best of my knowledge it was a red handkerchief, but I was on the opposite side of the way - it was near the dusk of the evening - I saw the prisoner cross from the side of Farringdon-street - it was a few steps from Farringdon-street where he picked it up- I saw him do it - the prosecutor came up and asked if he was a countryman - he said no, he was not - he said he had lost his handkerchief, and hesitated - the young man was giving him the handkerchief, and it dropped - (I was in Court while the prosecutor was giving evidence) - the prisoner then walked away; I lost sight of him entirely and was walking on, when the gentleman called "Stop thief"- immediately afterwards I saw the policeman bring back the prisoner - I followed them to the watch-house, and attempted to go in - a gentleman attempted to go in, but the gentleman who had lost the handkerchief said he required nobody to speak, he could speak sufficiently for himself - a man told me he said so - I tried to go in to state what I saw, and was refused - I never saw the prisoner except on the evening in question - I gave my address to his mother and sister, who came up to the watch-house door in tears - I gave them the back of a letter which I had in my pocket.
COURT. Q. You live with your husband? A. Yes - this was near six o'clock in the evening - it was very near dusk - I was coming from the City from St. Martin's le Grand - I had been to see a servant who had come out for a day's holiday - I was to meet him, but I did not, and was returning home - I did not see the prosecutor till he crossed over to the prisoner, who had crossed back to the side of the way I was on - the prisoner crossed to pick up the handkerchief, and then crossed back - I did not see how the handkerchief came on the pavement - I believe the prisoner pulled it out of his pocket, and dropped it - he walked away; the prosecutor said, "I have lost my handkerchief" - I did not hear what was said next - it fell on the pavement - I did not see the prosecutor at the time it was taken from him - I did not see him till he crossed the road to where I was - he crossed from the side where I had seen the handkerchief lying, and was following the prisoner, who was quite close to him - he crossed the road before he spoke to the prisoner - a great many people collected.
MR. VIZEU re-examined. I declare on my oath that this woman never was near me - there was no person near me when the man threw the handkerchief on the ground; I immediately picked it up, and he immediately ran off - I felt the touch at my pocket, and instantly crossed, as I saw the person slide away - he threw the handkerchief down and ran away - there was no time for it to be drawn from my pocket, and thrown down, and picked up, for I turned round instantly - there was light enough for me to see.
MR. PHILLIPS to MRS. REED. Q. On the solemn oathyou have taken, did you see what you have described? A. I am on my oath, and am willing to take another oath.(
               
                  Jane 
                  Isaacs
               



            , of 25, George-street, Old-street Road; - 
               Smith
            , coach-maker, of 21, High-street, Bloomsbury; gave the prisoner a good character.


                  MARGARET 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am the prisoner's sister - I live with him at No. 2, Pemberton-row, near Gough-square; one part runs into Fetter-lane - my brother and I work together - we are partners in the feather business - we work for Morrison, in Fore-street, and Solomons, in Cheapside, and support a large family by our industry at artificial flower making - my brother has been an honest character, and very industrious indeed - we have worked from seven o'clock in the morning till nine or ten o'clock at night.
COURT. Q. How far is Pemberton-row from Skinner-street, where this happened? A. I should not think above five minutes' walk - my brother was going to fetch some stamps home, and somebody came and said he was taken to the watch-house - my mother and I ran to the watch-house, and met Mrs. Reed; and a working man wanted to get into the watch-house to state what he saw, and they would not admit him - my mother and I were in tears - Reed told us what she saw - we asked her to state what she saw, and she gave us the back of a letter - we wrote to here to come here yesterday - we never saw her before this occurred.




               GUILTY of Stealing, but not from the Person
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
