





293. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD CHARLES 
                     NORRIS
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               embezzling 16l. and a 30l. bill of exchange, received on account of 
                     
                        Henry William 
                        Nunn
                     




                   and another
            .


                  HENRY 
                  WILLIAM
               



             NUNN. I am a lace manufacturer
, and live in Lawrence-lane - my brother, who lives in Kent, has a moiety of the profits of the trade. The prisoner was three or four years in our employ, and received money on my account; immediately on receiving it he ought to account for it to Mr. Davis, the cash-keeper - Mr. Watts was indebted to me 46l., which I have never received; the prisoner would apply for it in his capacity of collecting-clerk - I only asked him about it once, and think that was in December; he then told me he had made use of the money himself - he had no permission to do so: my brother does not take any active part in the business - the prisoner was taken up on the Saturday before Christmas, about half an hour after he told me he had used this sum.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.Who do you account to for the profits of the trade? A. To my brother's trustee, because he is not in a fit state to attend to the concern - he has a committee; I have brought the rough cash-book here, as I have been requested - there is an entry of this sum received from Watts; it does not state when it was received - I put 13th against it myself three or four days ago: it is entered in the regular place, but it is not entered as received, because the cash-keeper's signature should be against it, as receiving it from him; I had access to this book, but this entry was not made till the day he was apprehended - I saw him do it; I said he had better enter in that book what he had received and not accounted for, and he wrote this 46l.; I did not mean to say it would be better for him if he entered it; I did not mean it as an inducement - I was aware what sums hehad taken; we have a fair cash-book, but I understood the notice I had was to produce this book, it being the one he made the entry in - he does not make entries in the other cash-book; it is a copy of this rough book, and is made up once a month - the notice mentions a book containing entries made by him, as such I have brought this one; I ascertained on Thursday that he had taken 20l. and not accounted for it - I went through the rough book that evening, and went to several customers, to ask what sums had been paid, and on looking at the cash-book I found several sums inserted, and endeavoured to be covered by a payment to Cowley, which was never made, and next day I got him to the books; I saw him enter this sum the night he was arrested, and he copied the other cash-book up from the rough one - I saw him enter it in both, because the other book was not made up; I insisted on his making it up, as the books were much behind.
COURT. Q.Was it his duty to enter it first in the rough cash-book? A. Yes, and to pay the money over to the cash-keeper, and get his acknowledgement for it immediately.
THOMAS WATTS. I deal with Mr. Nunn, and owed him 46l., which I paid to the prisoner on the 13th of June, and took this memorandum from him; I saw him write it- (read, "By bill and cash, 46l, 
               R. C. 
            Norris); Mr. Nunn applied to me about this in December - I gave the prisoner a 30l. bill, due on the 29th of July, which unfortunately was not paid; he brought it back to me himself the day after it was due, and I gave him the money - I gave him part of the 16l. in cash.
Cross-examined. Q. He signed his name to your account, which could be produced at any time? A. Exactly so; I live within thirty yards of Mr. Nunn.
MR. NUNN. The prisoner never brought me that bill.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am cash-keeper to Mr. Nunn. The prisoner has been in his service between three and four years, and should pay to me the money he received, on the same day - I never received from him any part of this sum; he should receive my signature for the payment in this book.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRAND
               



            . I took the prisoner into custody - I asked how he accounted for the absence of the money; he said he had parted with it by lending it to people, and treating people.
Prisoner's Defence. Had that cash-book been produced I should have satisfied your Lordship the amount I am accused of entering on the Saturday night was posted, as the marginal folio in the book will prove - I have never concealed nor disguised any thing; he asked me, in a friendly manner, to tea, the day he took me, and treated me like a brother - I entered the sum about the time I ought to have entered it; the cash-book would clearly prove it.
MR. PHILLIPS to MR. NUNN. Q. Is this a copy of the notice served on you? A. I believe it is - I conceived this to be the book required, but I will send for the cashbook.
JOHN DAVIS. The entry in the cash-book would be made by the prisoner from the rough book. [The witness fetched the fair cash-book, and then continued his evidence.] Here is the cash-book.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is there a ledger? A. Yes, that is at the counting-house; there are entries here to Watts; I have never seen the ledger myself - I have nothing to do with it; here is "Folio 119;" I do not know what that means - I never refer to the ledger, except to ascertain if a person should be trusted further.
MR. NUNN. I said I saw this entry made on Saturday night, and tell you candidly, from seeing this, that I have said wrong - it was another entry, a little further, on which you will see; I have said nothing intentionally wrong; I saw him make a quantity of entries, and conceived this was one, but there were a great many sums he had appropriated to his own purpose - I am not now perfectly satisfied that I am wrong, but I see this folio there, by which I presume it was posted prior to that; I cannot tell whether I am right or wrong, for there are five or six entries without a folio, some before and some after that, and those entries were put down on that night.
COURT. Q. Has the money been paid to you? A. It never has.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
The prosecutor stated his deficiency at 347l.
