





1660. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PORTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of September
, 4 bushels of oats, value 14s.; 1 sack, value 2s.; and 1 truss of hay, value 2s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edmund 
                     Ellis
                  




               
            .


                  EDMUND 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I have some premises in Market-street, St. John-street-road


, opposite my dwelling-house. I am a coal and corn merchant
 - I have a yard there - I let the prisoner a stable in my yard - his stable is parallel with mine - the loft runs over his stable and mine, but he has nothing to do with that - he paid me 5s. 6d. a week - he was in the employ of a livery stable keeper - before the 30th of September I had missed corn from my granary, which excited suspicion, and I determined to mark some sacks of corn - on the Tuesday following I missed one particular sack of corn - I questioned my men respecting it, but they could not account for it - on the Thursday or Friday following I went into the prisoner's stable, and saw in the middle stall the very sack which I had missed - I asked him how he became possessed of it - he said he did not know, nor could he give any account of how he got it - there was a particle of oats adhering to the sack which corresponded with the oats which I had lost - I asked my men about it, but they could give me no account of it - on the Sunday following I went into the stable to look for two pigs - I found them eating at a sack of corn which was partly covered with litter - I took it, and found it corresponded with the corn which I had had in the sack - I got an officer, and we then found a truss of hay concealed under the litter under the manger - I have dealt in corn and hay for fifteen years - I have no doubt that this was my corn and hay, and the sack was mine.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. You swear to the hay and oats? A. Yes, as far as one sample is like another - they are very fine oats, but others may have such - I can speak positively as to the sack - it had a particular mark, and it is here - all my sacks are marked, but this had been mended by one of my men - I took particular notice of it - the prisoner is a stable keeper, and had occasion for hay, and oats, and sacks - I lent him one sack, but that had no mark on it.
Q. Did not you say that all your sacks were marked? A. No; not all - I never lent him but one sack - I never gave him one, nor sold him one - he never had a sack from my wife, to my knowledge - it was about the 29th of September that my attention was called to this - I do not remember the prisoner leaving town on the 28th, to go to his father, at St. Alban's - I do not remember him coming back till he was taken into custody - the first thing I said to him when he was taken was, that I had a strong suspicion he had some property of mine.
Q. Did not you say to him, "Good morning, Sir; I was at your house yesterday?" A. No; I did not - it was on the Sunday that I saw his wife, and she said he was out- I did not know it till that night - I told him there was some oats and hay in his stable, and I wished him to tell me where he got them, as I had matched them with mine - he said he could very soon tell me where he purchased them - I said, if he could, that would be sufficient - he then said,"If I must tell you the truth, I had them from my father"- he then took me into the stable, and said if I would forgive him, he would tell me the truth - I said, "If you will tell me the truth, and no other person is connected with you, I will forgive you" - he then said he was afraid I would not forgive him - I do not think the policeman heard this - I did not ask the prisoner about my men being concerned- I had had no quarrel with him about a harness - I never had any words with him in my life - his father appeared before the magistrate, but he did not produce any sample of oats - he was ordered out of the office by the magistrate - he came to bolster up his son.
COURT. Q. What sort of oats were yours? A. Scotch potato oats - the hay was Aylesbury hay, cut in a particular shape, to fit boats - I missed the hay when it was found.


                  ROBERT 
                  TAYLOR
               



             (police-constable G 166). I took the prisoner into custody and this sack, with this mark on it.
Witnesses for the Defence.


                  RICHARD 
                  PORTER
               



            . I live at Winkwell, in Hertfordshire. The prisoner is my son - I am a labouring man - the prisoner came to me three weeks ago to-day, and left me the next day - I live about six miles from St. Alban's - I gave my son half a sack or three bushels of oats - this is a sample of the oats I gave my son, and this is a sample of the prosecutor's - they look like them, but I cannot swear to corn.
COURT. Q. How many acres of land do you farm? A. None. These oats are not my own growth - I buy them in the market - I get my living by going about with a horse and cart, and sometimes I buy a little corn and sell it - I bought this corn in Hempstead market, about a mile and a half from where I live, which is about twenty-eight miles from London - my son was out somewhere, and he called upon me - I did not give my son any hay - he never came for three bushels of corn before, nor do I know that he came for them then, but he had these three weeks ago today - I was sent for to go before the magistrate - this is not my sack - my son brought down a sack with him, and took away three bushels of oats - I do not know whether this is the sack he brought - I have a horse and cart, and sometimes go about with garden stuff - I have a bit of a garden in a field - I pay 6d. a pole for it, and have thirty poles.


                  GEORGE 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I live at No 1, Thomas-street, St. John-street-road. I remember, on the 29th of September, the prisoner came home from St. Alban's - he was in a borrowed cart, and I believe had his own horse - it was a horse I had seen him use before - there was a sack in the cart, which, I believe, contained corn - it was such a sack as I have seen corn in - there was a truss of hay, and some loose hay - I saw them in the cart, and the prisoner also.
COURT. Q. Do you know what hay he had got? A. Yes, it was meadow-hay.


                  JAMES 
                  UPCOTT
               



            . I live at No. 4, Gold's-place: I am a waterman at the stand on Clerkenwell-green. I have been in the prisoner's stable, and saw where he kept his oats and hay - on the 2nd of October he sent me to his stable to feed his horse, and give him some water, and rub him down - I saw his hay and oats - they were not in any dark place- any one might have seen them.


                  JAMES 
                  AMBRIDGE
               



            . I am a corn-chandler, in St. John-street-road. I know the prisoner - he deals with me, and has paid me - these sacks come to me with corn, and I return them.


                  JOHN 
                  TURNER
               



            . I live on my means. I have known the prisoner three or four years - he is an honest young man - I took this sack out of Mr. Ambridge's place to-day- it is a counterpart of the sack the prosecutor had the oats in.
MRS. ELLIS. I am the prosecutor's wife. The prisoner has bought oats of me, but I never lent him a sack, nor sold him one - I do not know of our men doing so.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I am a general-dealer, and live in Lloyd's-row. I have known the prisoner four years - he has been an honest man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
