





14. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WATSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, 6 handkerchiefs, value 24s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William Henry 
                     Ablett
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  LEE ABLETT
               



            . I am nephew of 
               
                  William 
                  Henry Ablett
               



            , an outfitter
, of No. 37, Cornhill


. On the 27th of November, between one and two o'clock, the prisoner came to look at some goods; he was sitting down at the counter - he was there about twenty minutes; he looked out goods to the amount of 6l. or 7l., and handkerchiefs among them; he went out, saying he was going to the Jerusalem coffee-house, and would call on his return - I suspected him, followed him out, and stopped him two or three hundred yards off, and said I thought he had taken a piece of handkerchiefs, which did not belong to him; he had looked at these handkerchiefs, but had not selected them; they laid within his reach on the counter; he was very much agitated, and said he thought I was mistaken - he went back to the shop with me, and I took the goods out of his great coat inside pocket - he was speechless when I found them; he had not paid for any thing, nor taken the goods away.


                  IVES 
                  ELVERSTON
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was on duty in Cornhill; I was fetched to the shop, and took the prisoner in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite ashamed of my situation; I might have put them in my pocket, for what I did buy, intending to return - I offered to take him home with me and pay for all the goods I had, and convince him I had no dishonest intention; I should have got the money where I was going.
MR. ABLETT. After he was detected he offered to pay for the goods - he had not sufficient money with him; those he ordered were a very large pattern, and these are very small - he said he was going a short voyage.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
