



2123. 




WILLIAM HALL
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
22nd of September, at 
St. Mary, Stoke Newington. a cow, value 12l. the property of 



William English.






WILLIAM ENGLISH
. I am a cow-keeper, and live in High-street, Stoke Newington. On Tuesday, the 22nd of September, I missed a cow from I field there—I had seen it safe on the Monday—I milked it at half-past one o'clock—I saw it again in the presence of Arnold, the constable, on Saturday, the 26th of September—it was worth about 12l. at that time.

Cross-examined by
MR. MAHON. A. What sort of a field was it in? A. It is just by the reservoir, close to the road on one side, but the gate was locked—it has a wooden fence about three feet high—it is a very public road—it

was a red cow marked with white in some places, a little white in its face and up its flank—I had had it six or seven weeks, or more—I had one more cow at that time—I always milked it myself—I saw it at Queen-square in a shed—that was the first time I saw it again after losing it—I said it was mine the moment I saw it—I never expressed the least doubt about it—I never saw the prisoner before—there have been cows taken from my neighbourhood before.

COURT. Q. At what time did you miss your cow? A. About five o'clock on Tuesday morning, the 22nd—I had not the least doubt of its being mine—I milked it at half-past one o'clock the day before.





JOHN BLAKERBY
 (police-constable N 204.) On Tuesday, the 22nd of September, I was on duty at Stoke Newington, about a mile and a half from the prosecutor's field, and saw the prisoner close by the Manor-house, in the New-road, with the cow—I stopped him—he had an umbrella in his hand, and was driving the cow along in the road—he said he had got very wet the day before—I asked him where he brought the cow from—he said from Woburn, and was going to take it to a butcher in Regent-street—he mentioned a name, which I forget—I allowed him to go on—I have since seen the same cow at Lambeth, close by Queen-square, in possession of the man at the shed—it was the cow I saw him with—Arnold was with it.

Cross-examined. Q. What time on Tuesday did you see him? A. At half past one o'clock in the morning—after midnight—it was rather dark—the stars shone—there was no moon—he was on the road-side—I did not know him before—the umbrella was not open—I walked with him some distance, and was with him for ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—I examined the cow minutely—I was satisfied with the prisoner's answers, and let him go—I knew the cow again by the white marks on the chest and side—I should have known it among a dozen others—it was a light red—I understand the prisoner was discharged from Queen-square once.





ABSALOM ARNOLD
 (police-constable L 8.) I went to the Bull-in-the—pound-yard Broadwall, on Wednesday, the 23rd of September, and saw a cow there—the prisoner was offering it for sale to a man for 14l.—I asked him if it was his cow—he said it was—I asked where he got it from—he told me he should not tell me without he was forced—I took him to the station-house, and from there, before the Magistrate, at Queen-square—the cow remained at the Bull, at Broadwall—he told the Inspector at the station-house, that he bought it of a person named John Thompson, down at Buckingham—he was discharged before the Magistrate—I afterwards met him in Broadwall, and told him I must trouble him to walk with me to the station-house, an I had a party who had identified the cow—I have since shown the cow to Blackerby and English, at the Bull shed—I took Inglis from Queen-square to the shed, which is about three quarters of a mile from the office.

Cross-examined. Q. You apprehended him on Wednesday, at Broadwall? A. Yes, where the cow was, and on Saturday I arrested him at the same place—I found the cow still there—he had time to abscond, and remove the cow—I accompanied Inglis to look at the cow—he expressed no doubt of it whatever—his two sons saw it before him, and both identified it as well—the Magistrate discharged the prisoner the first time, as he did not think there was sufficient evidence to detain him or the cow—he expressed no reluctance to go with me when I met him next day—I

told him I had found an owner for the cow, and he said, "Oh, very well, that is all right, let me go and feed the cow, and I will go with you."

COURT. Q. Were there any more cows in the pound yard? A. No—it is the sign of the Bull-in-the-pound—it was in the yard of that house.




GUILTY
. Aged 40—


Transported for Life.
