



892. 




CHARLES SALTFLEET
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of January, one pair of braces, value 2s., the goods of 




William Liddaman; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM LIDDAMAN
. I am a hosier and glover, and live at No. 9, London-road, St. George's. At eleven o'clock, on the morning of the 6th of January, the prisoner came to my shop with another, whose name I haw since ascertained to be Ireland—Ireland came in, and requested to see a cotton shirt—I produced one—he objected to it as being rather higher in price than he meant to give—I had asked 3s. 6d.—I said J had striped cotton ones lower—I showed him one at 2s. 6d.—he agreed to take it, and then said he wanted a handkerchief—the price of the handkerchief was 1s. 3d., and I agreed to take 3s. 6d. for this shirt and handkerchief—the prisoner gave me the shirt across the counter, and he said, "Take this, master, then it won't run away"—Ireland then directed my attention to a black leather belt, but he did not purchase it—they then went away—I was then about to reinstate my goods in the shop, and missed this pair of braces—I spoke to my wife, went out into the road, and left my business in possession of another individual—I looked in different directions about the Obelisk, but not finding them, I went to the Crown public-house—I saw the prisoner and Ireland, and by the side of the prisoner, a man in a dark coat—I said to the prisoner, "I want you, I wish to speak to you"—he looked at the man on the left, said something to him, and handed these braces from his coat to the other man in the brown coat—I got over the table, and said to the man in the brown cost, "You are my prisoner"—the prisoner made little reply to that—the door was open, and the prisoner ran out—I pursued him down Joiner-street—I called "Stop thief," but no assistance came, and I lost him—I went to the inspector in Tower-street, to give notice, and saw Ireland near there, looking at the station-house door—a person of the name of Cook was on duty—I said, "Take that man," which he did, and Ireland was taken, but I said, "I give no charge against him, I wish to make him a witness"—these are my braces.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. After you got out of the public-house, what time elapsed before you saw the prisoner again? A. He was takes that day week—I had seen him in the shop before, but he never came in as an honest man—I had seen him pass the door—I had no wish to know him—I knew his features well, but I did not know him when I saw him—I did not intend to give Ireland in charge—I intended to give the prisoner in charge—I saw him take the braces out of his coat, and give them to another man—the other man escaped—I am sure I am not mistaken in the person.

COURT. Q. Is the prisoner the man that said, "Take this, and it won't run away?" A. Yes—and I saw the prisoner pass the braces to another man.





WILLIAM IRELAND
. I drive a cab. I was in the shop with the prisoner—I went to buy some shirts—I do not know much of the prisoner—I

know him, and that is all—I did not see the braces in his possession—they did not take me into custody—I know nothing of the braces.

Cross-examined. Q. You were in the public-house after you had been into this shop with this man? A. Yes—there were a number of people there—I did not see any racing—it was from half an hour to three quarters after we had been in the shop that the prosecutor came to the public-house—I saw a person there who was a stranger to me, and Mr. Liddaman took the braces from that other man.





EDWARD CROSBIE
 (police-constable L 15.) I produce this certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from the Clerk of the Peace For Surrey—(read)—I was present—the prisoner is the same person who was then convicted—I apprehended him on the charge.

Prisoner. The conviction was five years ago.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Recorder.

