





OLD COURT. MONDAY, APRIL 15TH.
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
814. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     CLEASBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, 1 gelding, price 50s., the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Curvey
                     




                  ; and that he had before been convicted of felony
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  DAVID BARTLETT
               



            . I know Mr. John Curvey's pony; it was in Hackney-marsh


 on the 8th of March - I got it out of the marsh, rode it to town, and put it back again safe; I went to look for it three days afterwards, and then it was gone - I afterwards saw it near the Police-office; I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEST
               



            . I know Mr. Curvey's pony - I saw it on the 8th of March, between Pitfield-street and Old-street-road; the prisoner was riding it - I did not know him before; I did not know the pony was stolen then - I afterwards saw the same pony at the office; I had known the pony two or three months.


                  DANIEL 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I live with my sister Ellen, who sells fruit. I was out of employ, and went to Smithfield to look for a job, on the 8th of March, and saw the prisoner coming down Long-lane with this pony - I asked him what he wanted for it; he said a guinea, that he had brought it from Hackney, out of a dust-yard - that the man was very ill, and could not afford to keep it, and the least farthing it was to be sold for was 18s.; he said, "If you have got nothing to do, all you can get over 18s. you may have for yourself;" I took it round Smithfield - he kept behind me about twenty yards, and I sold it for 28s. to a man I do not know; I went into the Bull's Head, to take the money - the prisoner stopped outside, and when I came out he asked for the 18s.; I said, "I shall see where you brought it from first" - he went a little way with me, and then ran off up the street as hard as he could; I ran after him, calling Stop thief! and he at last stopped of his own accord; he stopped at a shop, and called out "Father! father!" a man came and asked what I took him for - I told him what had happened; I returned the money to the man I sold it to, as I took him back to the public-house; I did not think it was all right, and returned him the money, and he returned the prisoner the horse; the prisoner took it down the Ram inn, and on the Saturday I found the owner of the horse.


                  JOHN 
                  BLAKE
               



            . I was servant to Mr. Wix, at the Ram yard. I was on the other side of Smithfield when the prisoner came with the pony; the witness came and told me what had happened about the pony.
THOMAS KEEDLE. I am ostler at the Ram inn. I saw the prisoner bring the pony in there; he did not speak to me - he brought it down the yard; it was afterwards owned.
WILLIAM DAY. I am a Policeman. I was on duty near Newington-common, passing Curvey's shop - his wife was talking: I had information about the pony being stolen.
JOHN CURVEY. This pony was my property - it was a gelding; I know nothing of the prisoner; I never authorised him to sell it.
CHARLES SCOTCHMAN. I am a Policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction - (read) - I know him to be the person.
Prisoner's Defence. The pony was given to me; I did not know it was stolen.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
