





307. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     JACOBS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of December
, 1 tub, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Burden
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Barclay
                  



               
             and others.


                  JAMES 
                  JOHN CONNOLLY
               



             (Police-constable H 135). On the 6th of December, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, I was in High-street, Whitechapel


; I saw two drays coming along - the prisoner was by the side of the last one; he made several attempts to get this tub off that dray, and at last succeeded - he came across towards me; I seized him; he threw the tub down, and got away - I knew him well, and did not follow him far; but in the afternoon I took him in Petticoat-lane; he resisted very much, but I got him into a shop. and sent for more assistance.
Prisoner. I threw the tub down - he ran a hundred and fifty yards after me, and when he returned he found a man with the tub. Witness. He threw it on my feet; I ran a short distance after him, and then lost sight of him; a person could have stopped him, but he was afraid, as he had some instrument in his hand.


                  JOHN 
                  BURDEN
               



            . I am in the service of Barclay and Co. I was driving the dray
, and lost this tub off it; it was under my charge - I am answerable for it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was very ill, and went to bed between eight and nine o'clock the evening before, and did not get up till one o'clock the next day - I was just going out when the officer took me, and said it was the second time he had had me that day, and he would take care of me.

J. J. 
            CONNOLLY. I know him perfectly well - he is a dreadful character; it was between eight and nine o'clock in the morning when he took the tub; I met him in Petticoat-lane, where I believe he lives, about three o'clock - he had been discharged from Worship-street the morning before.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
