





Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
200. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of November
, 1 watch, value 16l.; 1 watch-chain, value 3l.; 1 seal, value 20s., and 1 watch-key, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        David 
                        Jones
                     




                  , from his person
            .
DAVID JONES. I reside at Peckham, but when in London, at No. 15, Size-lane. On the afternoon of the 26th of November, I was going through a little passage leading from St. Michael's-alley


 into Bell-yard; I had a coach cloak on my arm, and an umbrella in my right hand - the cloak hung down to my feet, and the moment I turned from St. Michael's church-yard into the little passage, I was surrounded by six or seven men, some before, and some behind me, pushing me; I turned to the prisoner, who was before me, and said, "Why can't you go on quietly?" the prisoner then came in front of me, and put his left arm across my body - I then had some suspicion, and I made a little room for myself; I put my hand down, and my watch was gone - they then separated, and the prisoner went back into St. Michael's-alley; I called Stop thief! and he was stopped - I got hold of him by the Jamaica coffee-house, and seized him by the collar - the rest of the party came up - they endeavoured to get him away, and some of them gave me a blow on the head; I saw the prisoner in communication with another of the party, but having no hand disengaged at the moment, I could not take hold of his other hand - they gave another rush he broke from me, and turned into Bell-yard; I immediately went after him and attempted to seize him, but he got away, and dropped his hat - I still followed, and he was taken in Finch-lane.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You saw the prisoner in the watch-house afterwards? A. Yes; I did not then say that I knew him by his swivel eye; I said by the cast in his eye - there was a great rush of people about me.
COURT. Q.How long had you had him in hold? A. I suppose a minute; I had a full opportunity of viewing his face; there was a gas-lamp at the end of the passage, and a hair-dresser's-shop at the corner; I have no doubt of his person.


                  PETER 
                  HALE
               



            . I was in the George and Vulture tavern, in St. Michael's-alley, on the 26th of November, a little after five o'clock; I heard an alarm, and saw the prisoner running - I caught hold of him, and delivered him to Mr. Jones; the prisoner's companions came round me, and gave me a blow on the back of my head - I speedily recovered, and saw them struggling at the corner of the alley; the prisoner dropped his hat, and ran - his companions got between Mr. Jones and him, and they got away; I had such a view of him as to be able to speak to him positively - I should think he was taken within three or four minutes; I had a good observation of him while his hat was off.
JURY. Q.Were there many persons passing? A. There were men and boys passing.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.How many persons were in the street altogether? A. I cannot say, there might be ten or a dozen; it was darkish, but the lamps were lighted - the place was light enough for a person to see; I took hold of the prisoner, and no one else -I did not observe any thing of a cast in his eye; I heard Mr. Jones say something about his eye here, but I never heard him say so before; there were from twelve to twenty persons in the watch-house.
COURT. Q.How long afterwards did you see the prisoner in the watch-house? A.Immediately as he was brought in.
MR. JONES. It was a gold watch; a gold seal and chain - I should think they were worth 20l.


                  JOHN 
                  PARKER
               



            . I heard the cry of Stop thief! as I was entering St. Michael's-alley; a person in the crowd said,"That is him without a hat;" I followed the prisoner, overtook him at the end of Finch-lane, and secured him -I took him to the watch-house; his hat was brought in, and he said, "That is my hat;" there were several persons there - he was running from Cornhill towards Threadneedle-street.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. He was taken to the watch-house? A. Yes - his hat was brought in, and he owned it; his observation to me was, "I am not the thief;" Mr. Jones was sitting in a chair in the watch-house - the prisoner said, "I am not the man," and Mr. Jones said, "I know you by your swivel eye," or some such observation - the prisoner said he had no cast in his eye, and he appealed to me; I said I had known him for some time, and there was a peculiarity in his eye-sight - there is a fulness about his eyes; they stand rather out - if you have ever seen a person of his description, I should think you would know him again; he was running fast - I had known him for some time.
Witnesses for the Defence.


                  CHARLES 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am an agent for Scotch ale - I live in Cornwall-road, Stamford-street. I have known the prisoner five years; he owed me a little money. On Saturday week last, I met him in Gracechurch-street; I went across the road, and told him I thought he behaved in a very ungrateful manner - we had some angry words, and I told him if he did not pay me the money, or some part of it, I would give him in charge of an officer; I laid hold of him by his breast coat, and he walked with me as far as Bell-yard - he then put up his hand, knocked my hand off, and ran up Bell-yard; I followed him till he came to St. Michael's-alley - there was a crowd, who were hallooing Stop thief! or something of that kind; I saw the prisoner's hat fall from his head as he turned the corner.
COURT. Q. Did you see two persons with their hats off? A. No, only him.


                  THOMAS 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I live at No. 29, Laurel-street, Chelsea; I deal in building materials - I do not know the prisoner. On Saturday evening, the 26th of November, I was with Mr. Hill, a solicitor; we went through Bell-yard, into St. Michael's-alley - there are a great many little alleys and turnings there, and there were a great many people - it was quite light; as I went into St. Michael's-alley there was a crush of people, and I was pushed a little way forward towards the wide part - I heard a gentleman say, "I have lost my watch, Stop thief!" several persons at that time passed me - I seized one, who appeared to be the suspected party - I exclaimed, "Here he is! I have got him!" I was then struck several times - I was struck over the nose, and the man I had hold of got away; he had himself struck me, but I do not know whether he struck me on the nose - he got away from me, and I followed him as well as I could; I dare say a dozen persons at least followed with me - I had an opportunity by the light of the court of observing the man I caught hold of, and I noticed that he had a cross-eye; he looked with one eye towards his nose - his right eye was fixed towards his nose, it was a squint; the prisoner certainly is not the man I took hold of; when that man got from me he went the way I had come, through the narrow part of St. Michael's-alley, through Bell-yard, and into Gracechurch-street; I followed him to the corner, and there lost sight of him.
COURT. Q. Did you see two men with their hats off? A. No, only one.


                  FRANCIS 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a solicitor, and live at No. 119, Fore-street, Cripplegate. I was in company with Mr. Anderson; just as we were coming from the narrow part into the wide part of St. Michael's-alley, Mr. Jones, the prosecutor, called out that he had been robbed of his watch - several people passed at full speed; Mr. Jones followed a person who was running, and a porter in a white apron stopped him, opposite the George and Vulture door - a violent scuffle ensued, and the porter was knocked down; the man he had hold of broke loose, and Mr. Anderson caught at him with one hand - he broke from his hold; he caught him again, and held him nearly half a minute - a scuffle ensued, and several persons struck Mr. Anderson; among the rest the man he had hold of struck him, broke from him, and ran down Bellyard; he then eluded our pursuit round some coaches - we returned back the same way, and heard that a man had been taken in Cornhill, which was the contrary way to that which the man we saw had run - I had observed that that man squinted; he had a strong cast in his eye; there was a gas-lamp over his head, and he turned round under the gas-lamp - I had a full view of his face; the prisoner certainly is not the person.
COURT. Q. Did you go to the watch-house? A. No; I did not see 
               
                  Charles 
                  Harris
               



             - I was subpoenaed to come here.
COURT to 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . Q. When were you first applied to to give evidence? A. On Monday, I had occasion to come to town, and passing the Mansion-house I went in to know how the young man had gone on about the watch: as I had been present when he was taken, I made the observation, "This is not the man," I saw his mother and sister, and gave them my address - I said to Mr. Hill "I might have been taken in the same way."


                  JOHN 
                  GREY
               



             BROOMHILL. I am beadle of Whitechapel. I was in the watch-house, and saw Peter Hall there, and Mr. Jones, the prosecutor - I remember Mr. Jones told the prisoner he knew him by his swivel eye - my attention was called to him from that circumstance; I looked at the prisoner's eyes, but I could not perceive it - the prisoner denied any knowledge of Mr. Jones' robbery.
COURT. Q.Had you any thing to do with the apprehension of the prisoner? A. Yes; I took him in Finch-lane, about half-past five o'clock, on Saturday week; a great many persons were following him - I had no knowledge of him before; he had no hat on at the time - I do not recollect seeing any thing of Mr. Harris, Mr. Anderson, or Mr. Hill - I can only recognize Mr. Jones, the ticket-porter, and the street-keeper; the other persons might have been there, and I not see them - there was a rush of people; I saw the prisoner running; I crossed, and took him - he said, "What do you stop me for? I have lost my hat in pursuit of the person;" I did not see him go near any coaches; I do not know who brought the hat in.
JURY to MR. JONES. Q. Did you lose sight of the man after losing your watch? A. I never lost sight of him from the time he took the watch out of my pocket till I was pushed down, after the rescue, and after I had followed him the second time; he lost his hat between the time of the robbery and my losing sight of him in Bellyard - I only lost sight of him, because I could not runso fast; I was a little agitated, but I should think not more than four or five minutes elapsed from the time I lost my watch till the prisoner was taken - I left my residence at five o'clock, the whole of it was over, and I went home by the six o'clock coach.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
