





1441. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  LONG
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of August
, 1 reticule, value 9d.; 1 purse, value 1s.; 1 key, value 4d.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 6 shillings; and 3 pence; the goods and monies of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Mackay
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Amelia 
                        Mackay
                     



                  , his wife
            .
AMELIA MACKAY. I am the wife of Robert Mackay, who is a nurseryman
 at Stoke Newington. On the 28th of August, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was in a field leading to Hackney


, opposite Park-road


 - I had a boa on my neck, and a reticule in my hand - I heard a person walking behind me on the path - he came very close - I stepped on the grass for him to pass me - he came on the grass likewise - I turned round, and he pulled my boa from my neck - I snatched it from him, and he, at the same moment, took my bag from my hand, and ran off with it - it contained a purse, a key, a handkerchief, and 6d. - I immediately called, "Stop thief," and ran after him, calling,"Stop that man, he has stolen my things" - I lost sight of him for a very short moment - he got out of the gate of the field, and was taken directly almost by a policeman - he had got over a hedge - my reticule was found in the way he had run, in the hedge he jumped over - I have not a doubt the prisoner is the man.


                  JOHN 
                  RYAN
               



             (policeman). I saw the prisoner running away - I followed him - he got over a hedge - the prosecutrix was holding up her parasol to give an alarm - I took him into custody, and found the reticule in the hedge.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
