





Before Mr. Recorder.
989. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ROBSON
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of January
, 4 table cloths, value 35s.: 1 pair of stockings, value 6s.; and 1 pillow-case, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Hog
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Ida Johanna 
                           Hog
                        



                     
                  , his mistresses
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
MISS 
               
                  MARY 
                  HOG
               



            . In 1830 I lived in Highbury-place, Islington


 - my sister, Ida Johanna Hog, lived with me at that time, and for the benefit of her health we went to Cheltenham; the articles we left at the house were our joint property - I engaged the prisoner and his wife to take the house entirely under their charge during my absence; they were to have 5s. a week, with coals and other necessaries which they required - we left on the 31st of August, 1830, and returned on the 18th of January, 1832; the prisoner told me, when I engaged him, that he had obtained a superior situation in the New Police, and that one night in six he should be obliged to be absent from the house, and he should not chose to take so responsible a situation without a man being in the house; it was agreed that his brother-in-law should be in the house one night in the week - on my return on the 18th of January, the prisoner was not in the house, but his wife was; the next day, or the day after, on examining, I found almost every one of my boxes and drawers had been forced open; upward of thirty-four locks had been broken - I lost property to the value of about 200l., all my wearing apparel, bed linen, and bed furniture; the house was literally stripped; he was apprehended on the 30th of January; I and my sister were the joint proprietors of the house.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARVEY
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Goodburn, pawnbroker, of High-street, Islington. On the 17th of January, 1832, a damask table cloth was pawned for 15s., in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Holmes
               



            , No. 5, Cross-street; the prisoner resembles the man very much, and I believe him to be the man; he corresponds in height and complexion- I have since seen the duplicate I gave him.


                  GEORGE 
                  BARBER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Essex, pawnbroker, of Upper-street, Islington. On the 2nd of December a table cloth was pawned for 6s. 6d., in the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Jackson
               



            , No. 11, Queen-street; I cannot swear to the prisoner, I never said I could; but to the best of my belief he is the man who pawned it; a pair of black stockings were pawned in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Jackson
               



            , No. 12. Queen-street, by the same person, and on the 11th of January two table clothes for 1l. by a different person, in the name of William Roberts, No. 1, Holloway-road.


                  THOMAS 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Smith, a pawnbroker, in Lower-street, Islington. On the 9th of June a pillow-case was pawned for 6d., in the name of Charles Fisher; I do not who by.


                  JAMES 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a Policeman. I went to a house in the Strand, where a Mrs. Robson lived; she is no relation to the prisoner; I searched the coal-cellar in that house, and found forty-six duplicates, wrapped in a piece of cloth - they laid right on the top of the coals; there is a grating to the area; I do not think the cellar opens into the street - the duplicates for all these articles are among them.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ROBSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  William
               



             Robson, a carpenter - we live at No. 370, in the Strand. I know the prisoner; he came to my house in March, and brought a small parcel, tied in paper, and told me to take particular care of it, till he either came or sent for it - he did not say what it was.
Q. Recollect, you have been examined before - do you mean to say he did not tell you what the parcel was? A. No, Sir; he did not tell me it was tickets - I kept the parcel by me until two young ladies were sent for it; it might he about the size of the parcel produced (the duplicates) - I never opened it; when the Police-officer came I did not like to deliver them up, without Mr. Robson's leave, and I put them in the coal-cellar.
Q. Where did you put them when the prisoner gave them to you? A. In the coal-cellar; I had workmen in the house, and did not wish them to know where they where - I took the Police-officer into the cellar, and he found the parcel I had received; I saw they were duplicates when he opened it - about a fortnight after I received them from the prisoner, Maria Rossan brought me a note, in the prisoner's hand-writing; this might be about a fortnight before the officer came - I had them three weeks or a month; I do not know what I have done with the note - I have destroyed it; the note directed me to deliver the parcel to Rossan, which I did, and three or four days after I received it again; I believe it was the same - it was delivered to me at the door, in a bit of brown paper - there was a cloth about it at first, but I did not take particular notice of it then; the Police-officer came three days after that, I believe - I did not tell him they were tickets; he came and asked me for the tickets - I said I would not deliver them up to him, as I did notknow him, but I would go the station, and give them up to Mr. Thomas, the superintendant.
Q. Did you take it to the station? A. No - I delivered it to the Policeman from the cellar; I did not put it into the cellar till after I received it back from Rossan - I cannot say it was the same as I had from the prisoner; it might he in the cellar about a week - nobody had any access to the cellar; it was the only place I had where nobody came -I put it into a box when I first received it, and then into the cellar, as there was no lock on the box - there was a lock to the cellar.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Can you tell where the parcel came from? A. I cannot - my husband is not here.


                  JAMES 
                  FRANKLIN
               



            . I am book-keeper to an ironfounder, and live in Robinson's-row. I have known the prisoner several years - on the morning he was apprehended I went to Bow-street, and saw him; I saw him a day or two after, at the New prison, Clerkenwell - I said I was sorry for his situation, and asked him the charge; he said it was a charge of robbing or plundering a house in Highbury-place - I did not hold out any promise or threat to him; I asked him what had become of the property - he said he believed it was pledged; I then asked if he could get the duplicates - he said he thought they could be got, or that he could get them; I told him he had better let me have them - he said, "Very well;" I was at the office at his next examination - I saw Rossan about a week after, and I had seen her before at the house she resided at, in Upper Stamford-street, Blackfriars - the prisoner requested me to call on her to send him a shawl and a night-cap; I told her poor George was in gaol, and she was astonished - he told me to tell her so; when she was at the office, she delivered me a square parcel, about that size - I think it had a piece of silk over it; it was wrapped in something - I opened it after I left the office, and it contained forty-nine duplicates; I immediately went over to Rossan, to return them to her - I only looked at them casually, and cannot tell any of the pawnbrokers' names; I went to Clerkenwell to the prisoner, the next day, or the day after - I wrote on a scrap of paper, that I had returned Rossan the duplicates, and gave it to him.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you ascertain from the prisoner that a man named Robins occasionally slept in the house when he was absent? A. I think he did say so - I cannot say whether he said it was when he was absent; I do not know that Robins has absconded - the prisoner was on a station at Kingsland for four or five months, in the new Police.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was he dismissed from the Police? A. I believe he was: I had applied to the superintendent for leave of absence for him, and he did not return.


                  MARIA 
                  ROSSAN
               



            . I am a silk stock-manufacturer, and have the care of an uninhabited house in Upper Stamford-street; I am a friend of the prisoner's and his wife - Franklin brought me a message that the prisoner wanted a shawl, a cap, and a few things, which I had in my care: it was a ladies' shawl and cap - I sent them to him by a person; I did not know he was in custody till then - I went to the New prison two or three days after, and received a note from the prisoner, directed to Mrs. Robson, No. 370, Strand- he told me to take it to Mrs. Robson; I gave her the note, and she gave me a parcel, which I gave to Franklin; I did not see him open it - I gave it to him in the street the same evening.
Q. Did you see the parcel? A. I saw it on the table -Franklin had it open; I was at the other end of the room: I cannot say what it contained, for I did not look at it - it was like small cards; I cannot say whether they were like duplicates - I did not look at them; I saw Franklin tie it up; he then returned it to me - I cannot tell what they were: I saw they were small cards when he opened them, but not when he tied them up; I put them into a cupboard - a man afterwards came to me for them, and I delivered them to him; I am certain I delivered him the same parcel, in consequence of his telling me who he came from.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know that the prisoner had a brother named Robins? A. No; I know a man of that name - he was an inmate of the prosecutrix's house: he has absconded since this charge; he was very near the prisoner's height, and of the same complexion - one might easily be mistaken for the other.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Pray have you been with the prisoner's attorney this morning? A. No - yes, I have been with him this morning.
COURT. Q. How do you know Robins has absconded? did you know where he lived? A. No - he has left Miss Hog's house; I have been at Miss Hog's while the prisoner and his wife were there; I understand from the prisoner that Robins has absconded.
MRS. GIRTON. I am married, and live in Hornsey-road- I am an acquaintance of Miss Hog's. I have seen Robins, but do not think I should know him; I was in the habit of going to Miss Hog's house very frequently during her absence: after the prisoner was discharged from the New Police, he had another situation at the Milbank Penitentiary - he came to live at Miss Hog's house for good about July, and after that I never saw Robins there: I saw the prisoner at the house on the 17th of January, the day before Miss Hog returned - I had been there all day; he went out between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, and I waited till twelve o'clock, as I was astonished at his leaving; I had told him before he went out that I wanted his assistance - be did not return; I met a Policeman in Highbury-place, and desired him to watch the premises.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you happen to know that the prisoner was looking about for Robins? A. I cannot possibly say that; I went to Miss Hog's house on an average twice a week during her absence.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You told the prisoner you wanted him that evening at the house? A. I did; I had sent him on an errand to the end of Highbury-place, and expected him home in half an hour; his wife was in the house.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARVEY
               



             re-examined. The tablecloth was pawned on the 17th of January, about five minutes to eight o'clock, by a man resembling the prisoner; I live about a mile and a half from Highbury.


                  EDWARD 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am beadle of Highbury-place. I know the prisoner; I have seen him come out of Miss Hog's house most mornings - he sometimes had a blue bag or a green bag, with books, and sometimes parcels - he very frequently came out with a bag, which appeared to contain something.

Cross-examined. Q. You had no suspicion of him? A. No - I have been looking diligently after Robins, but am not able to find him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOYD
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the night of the 17th of January I was desired by my serjeant to watch Miss Hog's house, and saw the prisoner come home at two o'clock in the morning.
MRS. GIRTON. Robins left in July, as I understand - I did not see him there after July, and the prisoner told me he was gone; when Miss Hog returned I asked the prisoner when he had seen Robins, and he said not for some months, as he had discharged him finally when he left the Penitentiary.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. On the 17th Mrs. Girton desired me to go to Mr. Roe, the chemist, to inquire after Miss Hog's late servant; it struck eight o'clock when I came out of Roe's house, and then I went in search of Robins.


                  EDMUND 
                  SWIFT
               



            . I am a barrister, and have a situation in the Tower. I have known the prisoner ten or eleven years, and believe him a well conducted man.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is he a relation of yours? A. No- he is connected with me by marriage; he is my brother-in-law, and his family are very respectable; he did not bring any knives and forks, with silver ferrules, to my house, not to my knowledge - I saw some in my house; they were not mine, and I sent them back - I spoke to the prisoner about them; I cannot say whether he had brought them, or that Robins did - I had been abroad, and my own property had not returned from the continent, and I was going to have a party, which was the cause of their being there.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you ever seen Robins? A. Very often - I forbid his coming to my house; I have not seen him since the prisoner has been in custody.
COURT. Q. Did the prisoner say who had brought the knives there? A. It is floating in my recollection that he said either he or Robins brought them; the prisoner was at my house almost every day for a fortnight before he was apprehended - he told me he was constantly looking after Robins.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you give the prisoner 1s. 6d. to get the knives repaired? A. I did not myself: I directed it to be given him to get them cleaned; Mr Girton called on me, and the prisoner called the next day - and I sent to Mr. Girton that he had an opportunity of bringing a Policeman if he thought fit, and next day he went with me to Miss Hog's; the prisoner remained outside the door while we went in, and when we came out he was waiting -Mr. Girton prohibited his going in, on account of Miss Hog's nerves.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
