





Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
2009. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, 1 coat, value 1l.; 3 pair of boots, value 20s.; 2 shawls, value 12s., and 1 pair of shoes, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hayward
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAYWARD
               



            . I am a shoe-maker
, and live at Old-ford


. On Saturday, the 27th of July, a young woman came to me; she said she came from Norwich, and she could not get a lodging - I accommodated her that night, and on the Sunday the prisoner came; he had come from Norwich as a recruit - on the Monday morning he came again, at five o'clock, and tapped at my window for the young woman; they went together - all the other recruits were passed; but the prisoner was refused, and they returned on the Tuesday morning, about five o'clock - in the course of that day, the prisoner said he was not on good terms with his mother, but he should write to her for some money to take him down to Norwich, and he asked my wife to let them remain a few days in our house; I objected to it, but at last I consented - on the Friday, he got up, and went away, without my knowledge, and I missed the property stated from my room; the young woman remained with us till he was taken - I traced the prisoner by the nails in his shoes to the Coburg-road, and there lost the track; I gave information, and on Sunday he was taken.


                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSTON
               



             (Police-constable K 227). The prosecutor gave me notice of this on the 27th of July; and on the Sunday, the prosecutor's wife came and said the prisoner had sent a man for the girl to go and join him near Charing-cross; I followed that man and the girl, in private clothes, up to Field-lane, and on Saffron-hill I saw the prisoner join them, with this great coat on - I followed them some distance further; the prisoner then saw me, and ran into a public-house - I ran in, and took him with the coat on, and the shoes on his feet.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I sent a letter to the prosecutor saying I was very sorry, but if he would send a person, I would return his property; I sent the man for the young woman to tell her to take the things - I had been in the Philanthropic Institution.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
