





71. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     KIRBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of November
, 1 purse, value 6d., and 3 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Neale
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .


                  MARY 
                  NEALE
               



            . I am a servant
, and lived in Curzon-street, May-fair, but am out of a situation, and have been so for three months. On the 3rd of November I was at the corner of Hayes-court, Newport-market


, at near nine o'clock in the evening - I had a purse in my right-hand pocket, containing 3s.; I stood with a friend, who was purchasing a fowl; I felt a hand in my pocket - I turned, and caught the prisoner drawing his hand out of my pocket, with my purse in it; I said, "You have got my purse" - he said, "No, I have not;" he ran off - I caught the skirt of his coat, but he was stronger than I was, and got away; my foot slipped, and I fell down - he ran across the street, and the officer took him; I have not seen my purse since, but I am sure the prisoner is the person.


                  THOMAS 
                  COX
               



             (Police-constable C 118.) I was on duty in King-street - I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running - he was the first person running; I asked what he was running for - he said to see what was the matter, but the people were all behind him- while I was speaking to him the prosecutrix came up, and charged him with having stolen her purse.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to look for a person who owed me some money - I heard the cry, and was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
