




1402. 




SARAH NEVIN
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of April 413/4 yards of cotton cloth, called satteen, value 1l. 17s.; 7 1/2 yards of laws value 1l.; 28 yards of linen cloth, value 2l. 16s.; 16 yards of huck a back value 11S.; 7 yards of diaper, value 9s.; 23 yards of merino, value 2l. 12s.; 4 1/2 yards of holland, value 3s.; 13/4 yards of canvas, value 1s. 4 1/2 yards of drill, value 6s. 9d.; 15 handkerchiefs, value 12s.; 11 1/2 yards of flannel, value 14s. 6d.; 13/4 yards of linen check, value 1s. 9d.; 29 yards of sheeting, value 1l. 1s.; 4 yards of duck, value 2s.; 2 yards of baine, value 3s.; 5 yards of calico, value 2s. 6d.; 5 yards of dowlas, value 2s. 6d. 17 yards of printed cotton, value 10s.; 13/4 yards of moreen, value 1s. 9d.; 13/4 yards of swanskin, value 2s. 6d.; 1/2 a yard of jean, value 6d.; 22 yards of silk, value 2l.; 38 yards of ribbon, value 9s. 9d.; 4 yards of nankees. value 2s.; 9 yards of lace, value 4s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 3s. 9d.; 3 gross of buttons, value 7s.; 1 bag, value 9d.; and 1 pillow-case, value 1s.; the goods of 



James Williams, her master: and 





ROBERT ARMSTRONG



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES WILLIAMS
. I am a linen-draper, and live in Newington-causeway The prisoner, Nevin, was my servant of all work for about two years and a half—she was so in April last—it was part of her duty to clean out the counting-house every morning—a great quantity of my goods were deposited there—I have missed a great deal of property—about Christmas last a burglary was committed on my premises—the persons have never been discovered—the prisoner Armstrong was introduced to me by my family he paid his addresses to Nevin—I employed him, at 3s. 6d. a week, to put up the shutters at night, to take them down in the morning, and clean the windows—after the burglary he remained in the house at night—I know nothing about this case.





JAMES MAY
. I am a coal-merchant, and live in West-square. The prisoner Armstrong was in my service in April last, and had been so for about twelve months—I have a stable at the corner of Ely-place, in West-square, and over that a sleeping room for the servant—Armstrong slept there—inconsequence of information, on Wednesday, the 4th of April I went to that room, and found three pieces of new cloth, or sheeting, concealed between the bed-clothes and the bed—I suppose there were about twenty-four or

twenty-five yards—I did not meddle with it, but on Saturday, the 7th, I went again, and it was gone—on Wednesday, the 11th, I went again, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, and found two deal boxes, partly covered over with empty sacks—one was locked, and the other loosely corded, and cracked across the lid—I removed, as far at I could, a portion of the lid, and discovered that the box contained new linen, gloves and some ribbons—I could see through the crack, without removing the did, that the box contained some new cloth—I went and informed Mr. Williams—he returned with me to the room, and in my presence opened the box, which was loosely corded and cracked in the lid, and took from it a variety of articles which be claimed—we went to his premises at Newwington causeway, and returned a second time to the room, and saw some more things which the prosecutor claimed—we then went back to Mr. Williams's, and saw the prisoner Armstrong there shutting up the shutters—I called him into the shop, and asked him if those two deal boxes with their contents, which I had found in his sleeping room over my stable, were his property—he said they were I put the question again, and his answer was the same—I told him to be careful what he was saying, and asked him a third time, repeating the same words—he then said that a part of the property belonged to him, and a part to Sarah Nevin—I asked him if any of the property in the boxes belonged to Mr. Williams—he said no—I said, "We must go to the stable and examine," and Mr. Williams, prosecutor's nephew, Armstrong, and myself, went there—I had the of the room in my pocket—Mr. Williams then opened the box that was corded, and took out a great variety of articles which he identified by his private mark—I asked Armstrong what he thought of it now, at fee had said there was nothing in the boxes belonging to Mr. Williams—he made no reply—I cannot recollect that he said he did not know any thing of them—I asked him where the key of the box was that was locked—he took from his waistcoat pocket a small key, and gave it to Mr. Williams, who opened the box with it—in the mean time I sent for an officer—Mr. Williams found a great quantity of articles in that box alto, which he claimed, and some property claimed by Mr. Williams was also found under the bed, tied up in a handkerchief and another bundle in the chaise-house, which the prisoner had the occupation of.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Is this a chaise-house belonging to yourself? A. The stable is on one side of the chaise-house, attached—it is all under one lock and key—I had one key and the prisoner had another—the bundle was under tome tacks there at the extremity—I did not direct him to keep any empty sacks in his sleeping room, but there were some over the boxes—it was on the 11th I taw the boxes—they were not there before—I have no recollection of his saying he did not know any thing of the property being Mr. Williams't—I will not swear that he did not.





THOMAS SMITH WILLIAMS
. I am the prosecutor's nephew, and superintend his business. On Wednesday the 11th of April, I received information from Mr. May, and went with him to the room over hit stable—I uncorded one of the boxes there, and found tome articles belonging to my uncle—they were the articles stated in the indictment—a variety of them are linen goods and are new—they bore my uncle's mark—some of them had been missed from the shop—I returned with Mr. May to my uncle's—when Armstrong was spoken to, he said he was willing for me

to see the boxes and we all went together—Mr. May has given a true as count of the conversation that passed—when we went to the room, I again took the articles out of the corded box, and then opened the other with the key—that also contained articles belonging to my uncle, and the bundles also—they were not all new.

Cross-examined. Q. How came you to claim those that were not new A. The girl acknowledged that she had taken them—I speak of them to the best of my belief—we missed some of the things very recently before—the new articles found in the boxes and bundles were worth about 14l.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was there one of the pillow-cases that had been used at your uncle's? A. Yes—it has his mark on it—Nevin's wages were 8l. a-year—we had missed some of the articles since the burglary.





THOMAS RILEY
 (police-con stable L 125.) I was sent for to take Armstrong—I received these two boxes from Mr. Williams.





PHILIP FROWD
 (police-sergeant L 6.) On Thursday morning, the 12th of April, I brought Armstrong and Nevin from the station to the office—Nevin asked if J could tell her whether she would be transported for this offence, or no—I told her that was a question I could not answer, but I cautioned her to be very careful what she said, for it would be repeated by me at the office—she went on with her conversation, stating that she took the whole of the articles herself, and gave them to Armstrong to take can of, and that he was innocent of it—that she had taken them at different times, and given them to him to take care of—she also stated that Armstrong always believed that she had bought these articles—when we got is the office she wanted a handkerchief for her own use, out of the bundle in which had I found some of the articles—she got one out, and stated that those were some of the things which she had taken from Mr. Williams—I am not aware which bundle that was—it was one that had some of her dirty things in it—I sorted them out from the other bundles, at the office, in to presence—she pointed out the articles with Mr. Williams's mark on them—I took possession of those articles, and have had them ever since.

Cross-examined. Q. Then out of the things claimed by Mr. Williams, you selected some dirty things of hers, and the handkerchief? A. Yes—I took the new articles, and left the dirty ones—neither of the Mr. Williams's could speak positively to those things, but one pair of the stocking they thought was theirs.





THOMAS SMITH WILLIAMS

re-examined. Here is a pattern of a print in this bundle that we have had, but it is not marked—there is nothing here that we claim—the new and old things were mixed indifferently in the boxes—any one that opened them must have seen that there were new things in them.





THOMAS RILEY

re-examined. I heard Nevin make a statement before the Magistrate, and saw the Magistrate sign it—it was taken down in writing at the time—I did not overlook it—I believe this to be the same—(looking at it.)





PHILIP FROWD

re-examined. I heard Armstrong make a statement at the office, and saw it written down correctly, word for word, and signed by the Magistrate—(read)—The prisoner Armstrong says, "I was going to be married to Sarah Nevin in a short time—she brought the things to me to take care of—there was no sheeting that I put between my bedclothes and bed—the only sheeting was with the other things in the boxes."

MR. MAY
re-examined. I never observed Armstrong or Nevin in the stable—I was not at all aware of his going to Mr. Williams's to sleep—I

have not the least doubt that it was sheeting I saw in the bed—there were three pieces containing from twenty-four to twenty-five yards in each piece—nobody but myself and Armstrong could have access to that place.
(Armstrong received a good character.)

NEVIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

ARMSTRONG—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.




Transported for Seven Years.
