






802. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FINELETTER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of May
, 1 surgical instrument-case, value 2s.; 1 pair of forceps, value 7s.; 1 pair of scissors, value 3s.; 2 silver probes, value 7s.; 1 caustic-case, value 10s.; 1 lancet, value 5s.; 1 knife, value 1s.; 2 files, value 3s.; and 5 needles, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Jessop
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 1st of May I was standing at the door of Marylebone-office - I saw the prisoners go past me - I followed them to Oxford-street - they then went on different sides till they came to Castle-street


 - I saw Williams go into the prosecutor's shop - he shut the door after him - I waited a few minutes, and saw Fineletter come to the prosecutor's window, and look in - he then came to the corner of the street close by me - Williams then came out of the shop - he went to Fineletter and they went on down Marylebone-street, where I saw them look at something in their hands - Fineletter then took off his hat and put something in - I and my brother officer went and took them - the case of instruments was found in Fineletter's hat.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COLLARD
               



            . I was with Keys, and saw this property found in Fineletter's hat - I asked what it was - he said he did not know, that he had picked it up, and if we had been watching them we must have seen it.


                  SAMUEL 
                  JESSOP
               



            . I am a surgeon
, and live in Castle-street. On the 1st of May the officer brought this case of instruments to me - they are mine, and had been taken from a shelf at the bottom of my shop - I know nothing of the prisoners.
Williams's Defence. I was coming past Oxford-street, I met Fineletter, who said he was going for some money for his master - we went on, and I saw him pick up this pocket-book.
Fineletter's Defence. I met with Williams - we went down Oxford-street - he went down Castle-street - I waited till he came back, and he saw me pick this property up.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
FINELETTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
