



98. 




JOHN HOOK
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering, on the 
23rd of October, a certain forged request for the delivery of 12 pieces of paper-hanging, with intent to defraud 




John Dempsey and another, knowing it to be forged; and that he had been previously convicted of felony.


MR. KEENE
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN DEMPSEY
. I live in Somer's-place West, New-road, St. Pancras, and am a paper-hanging manufacturer, in partnership with my father, John Dempsey. On the 23rd of October, the prisoner came to me and produced an order, which, he said, came from his father, who is a customer of ours—he produced another order the same day to my father.





JOHN DEMPSEY
. I am the father of the last witness. On the 23rd of October the prisoner brought me this order, and said it was an order for twelve pieces of paper for his father who dealt with me—I gave him the paper, which was worth 30s.—I got these three duplicates from the prisoner's father—they are for a portion of our goods—(Order read)—"Please let bearer have 12 pieces of stair-case paper, for Mr. Hook. Oct. 23, '38."





SAMUEL HOOK
. I am a paper-hanger, and live in Frederick-street. The prisoner is my son—this order was not written by me, nor by my authority or knowledge—I did not give him authority to get any paper from Mr. Dempsey that day, nor did I receive any—he did not live with me at the time—he gave me these three duplicates.





JOHN HAYDON
. I was a policeman at the time in question, but have since resigned. I took the prisoner in charge on the 13th of November, and searched him, but found nothing—I received these three duplicates from Mr. Dempsey, sen.





THOMAS PEWTNER
. I am foreman to Mr. Griffith, of Ossulston-street, Somer's-town. I produce some paper which was pawned by the prisoner on the 23rd of October, for 10s.—he said he worked for Mr. Dempsey, and they were given to him in part of wages.





THOMAS RAYNER
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—I am a cowkeeper—I do not belong to the police now, but did at one time—I took the prisoner into custody on the charge—he is the person mentioned in the certificate—(read.)




GUILTY
.—Aged 22. 


Transported for Seven Years.
(There were six other indictments against the prisoner.)
