






1413. 




SARAH SMITH,


 MARIA PEARSON
, and 



JANE SAWYER
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
25th of May, 12 pieces of Tuscan strawplait, value 7l. 10s., the goods of 



John Holloway.






JOHN HOLLOWAY
 I live in New Bridge-street, Blackfriars. On the 24th of May I lost some Tuscan straw-plait—this is it—I have seen the prisoner, Pearson, repeatedly in my warehouse, and Sawyer many times, coming to buy.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When you were examined before the Magistrate, did you say one word about seeing either of the prisoners? A. I did; I said I believed I had seen Sawyer, and now I recollect the other positively—my belief is, that I have seen them all three—my deposition was read over to me—there was not a word in it about my having seen them before—I did not state it to the Magistrate's clerk—he was writing, but it was not put down—I cannot state when I have seen them, as we have so many people—it was perhaps about a week before—I recollect Sawyer coming and looking at some remnants of Tuscan, and she bought six pennyworth or a shilling's worth—she asked George Holloway, my young man, the price—he was at Guildhall, but they did not take his deposition—there were several other people in the warehouse—whether they were connected with her or not I cannot say—I have no recollection of two of my young men saying they had not seen the females before—they had tome slight recollection of them—they are not here.





WILLIAM SHEPPARD
. I am porter to Mr. Briggs, of Blue Boar-court, Friday-street. About five o'clock in the evening on the 25th of May, I saw the three prisoners at the corner of Bridge-street, Blackfriars—I did not know them before—they formed themselves into a triangle position—I saw Smith pull up her clothes, and take some plait from under her gown—she drew it under her shawl—I saw two policemen near, and told them—as soon as they saw the policemen, Smith gave the plait to Sawyer, and she retreated back again—I was not near enough to tell the policemen—I took hold of her, and said, "What have you got here?—you did not come by this rightly"—I took it from her, and held it up to the policemen—I told them to take the other two, and said where I thought they had got it from—they were not more than twenty yards from the prosecutor's shop—we took them into the shop, and there was a box of the same sort standing on the end of the counter—I did not see them walking from the shop—they might have met each other near the shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were you walking along the street? A. Yes—there were a good many people about—I had hold of Sawyer—the other two had only got three or four yards—they turned to go up Fleet-street, and Sawyer was coming back to Bridge-street—I think I have seen Smith before in the street, but not to know her—they were not together above two or three minutes—there was no one between me and them—I had just passed the policeman on the same side of the way.





JOHN ANDREWS
. I am a policeman. I was Called, and took the prisoners—I do not know them.

SMITH—


GUILTY
 Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

PEARSON and SAWYER—


NOT GUILTY
.
