





1755. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EADES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of August
, part of a gold chain, value 6s.; 1 seal, value 2s., and 1 key, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Limbert
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN LIMBERT. I am a grocer
, and live in Tottenham-court-road. On the 9th of August I was in Oxford-street


, opposite Harewood-place, leading to Hanover-square, about eleven o'clock at night; I was walking home, and was quite sober - the prisoner came to me, and snatched my chain and seals; I collared him, and took hold of his hand - I got the chain, which he had broken off, and the seals from his hand; there were two or three more about - he got away, and ran down Harewood-place; I pursued, and a Policeman stopped him.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Was there not a large quantity of people? A. No, not large - I did not lose sight of him; I never expressed a doubt about his person - I did not give him a good thrashing.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FREDERICK CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an inspector of Police. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, and this property was brought in by the prosecutor; I found two skeleton-keys on the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. What did he say of them? A. He said one was his street door key, but did not give me his direction.
Prisoner's Defence. I had not removed more than three days - my landlord's goods were seized, and I moved opposite; I went to get some keys at Mr. Cox's, and he lent me one to fit the door while he made one - there is no skeleton-key among them; this is the key I had made, and this one I borrowed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
