





1945. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of August
, 37 lbs. weight of sugar, value 1l. 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Lewis
                  




               
            .
MARY LEWIS. I am a widow
, and keep a grocer's-shop
 in Upper Marylebone-street


. On the morning of the 3rd of August, I missed a loaf of sugar from my door - it was brought back by Onslow and the officer.


                  GEORGE 
                  ONSLOW
               



            . I live in Phillips'-gardens, St. Pancras, and am a marble polisher. I saw the prisoner and another with him; I saw the prisoner take an apron from before him, and throw it over the sugar, which the other carried - I crossed the road, and saw the prisoner and the other run off with it; I pursued, and took the prisoner - the sugar was dropped, and I took it up and told the officer; the other got off.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRY
               



             (Police-constable H 59). I was passing near Tottenham-street. Onslow called me, and pointed out the prisoner; I went and took hold of him - he asked what was the matter: I said I would soon tell him- I took him to the sugar, and told him he was charged with stealing that; he said he was innocent, that he had only been standing in company with the man who took it- he had a dark green cap on.


                  JOHN 
                  RHYND
               



            . I am a drawing-master, and live in Titchfield-street. I was passing the prosecutrix's shop, and saw the prisoner take the sugar down - he took it to the corner, where there was another person standing, waiting for him - there was no cloth over the sugar; he had a green cap on.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
