






464. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RIELEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     RIELEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of January
, 14 bottles, value 2s.; 1 quart of wine, value 50s., and 2 quarts of brandy, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cranage
                  




               
            .
JOHN CRANAGE, ESQ
. I live in Tavistock-square


 -
               
                  Thomas 
                  Rieley
               



             was in my service, as footman
, for about five weeks. On the morning of the 7th of January I was called out of bed, and told I had been robbed - I went down and found the Policeman, who had taken the woman into custody for going from my door with fourteen bottles of wine and two of brandy - I found my writing-desk had been opened, in which were the keys of my wine-cellar, and on going into the wine-cellar I found several dozens of wine had been stolen from it; I identify the wine found on the woman, and also more than seventy bottles, which were afterwards found at her lodging; the man now states her to be his wife, but when he came to me he stated he was single, and I believed him to be so.


                  THOMAS 
                  MITCHELL
               



             (Police-constable E 157). On the morning in question, about twenty minutes after six o'clock, I saw the female prisoner coming down the steps of the prosecutor's door, rather heavily laden; she had a basket in one hand and a bag in the other - I asked the male prisoner, who was letting her out, whether all was right - he said Yes, all was right; we followed her about one hundred yards, and then stopped her; she said she had got some wearing-apparel belonging to a man who was going to leave the house we had seen her come from - we thought it was not all right, and asked her what it was; she said she did not know - we asked her if she knew the person who was going to leave; she said Yes, it was her husband - we took her to the station, and found on her fourteen bottles of wine and two of brandy; she told me where she lived - I went there, and found seventy-four more bottles, which I believe to be wine, and three small cloths and one large one; I then went back to the prosecutor's house, and rang the bell; the male prisoner answered it - I told him I wanted to speak to him; he said he would be out presently - he had the chain on the door; I said I wanted him immediately - he went down, as he said to get his coat and hat; still the chain was on the door - I rang the bell again; the cook came, she went and told him he was wanted - he made his escape from the house, and was not taken for three weeks.


                  CHARLES 
                  MAYHEW
               



             (Police-constable E 152.) I was with Mitchell - what he has stated is correct.


                  JOHN 
                  LAWRENCE
               



             (Police-constable F 72). I took the male prisoner on the 3rd of this month, in Grange-court.
MR. CRANAGE. I saw the wine - it is my property.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know whose service the man had been in? A. I had a character with him from Miss Morgan, but I am sorry to say it was five months after another character had been had.


                  LETITIA 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am cook to the prosecutor - the male prisoner was the footman; he made his escape.


                  LUCY 
                  RANDALL
               



            . The prisoners lodged in my house as man and wife - I believe they were married.
T. RIELEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
J. RIELEY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
