





695. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WALKER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of February
, 2 half-crowns, 1 sixpence, and 4 pence, the monies of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Regan
                     




                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .
THOMAS REGAN. I lodge at Compton-place, Brunswick-square. I was at the Cock public-house, Somers'-town


, about five weeks ago - I had two half-crowns, a sixpence, and four-pence in my pocket - I met a friend, and a had a little to drink, and the prisoner stuck to me - I pulled the moneyout of my pocket, and put it into my cap for safety - he took it out of my cap - I had paid for one pot of beer - the prisoner said he was going out to get shaved, and would return in a few minutes, but he did not - I was the worse for liquor - I saw no more of him for five weeks, when I met him in the Hampstead-road, I said he was a pretty man to run away with my money - he said he did not, but he put it back into my cap - I said, if he did not give it me, or give me some satisfaction, I would give him in charge, and I did - I am sure he did not put the money back into my cap.
Prisoner. I never saw his money - at half-past two o'clock on the Sunday I went to have a pint of porter - I gave him some - I then said I was going to get shaved - I stopped to have my hair cut, and he came - I did not go back - he charged me with robbing him of this money - he saw me several times afterwards, and did not have me taken. Witness. It was at five o'clock in the morning when he had the pint of porter - that was at the Cock; I had two glasses of rum and milk, and it took effect on me - he saw that and stuck to me.


                  JOHN 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I was at the Cock, and saw the prosecutor and prisoner there at half-past two o'clock - the prosecutor was rather tipsy - I saw 5s. 10d. in his cap, on the tap-room table - the prisoner was close to him - I saw him take the money - he paid for a pot of beer out of it - he then went out with it, and said he was going to be shaved - I made sure he would return, as they seemed very good friends - he went away with the money and the bundle that the money was in, while the prosecutor was asleep.


                  ROBERT 
                  BUGDEN
               



             (police-constable S 28). I took the prisoner - the prosecutor charged him with robbing him of two half-crowns, a 6d. and 4d. - the prisoner said, "Why had you not mentioned this when you saw me at the Elephant and Castle at Camden Town?" - the prosecutor said he had never seen him.


                  EDWARD 
                  CAGNEY
               



             (police-constable S 169). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's officer - I know he is the man.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
