





Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
635. 
               
                  
                     SOPHIA 
                     COOPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of February
, 5 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Osborn
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ANN 
                  OSBORN
               



            . I am the wife of George Osborn - we live in Cowheel-alley, Golden-lane


. On the afternoon of the 13th of February we had six sovereigns in a box under the bed: I took it out, and gave my husband one of them, in the presence of the prisoner - I then locked up the other five sovereigns, put the box under the bed again, and put the key into a glass, in which I had been in the habit of keeping it; I went out between seven and eight o'clock that evening, leaving no one in the room but the prisoner - I had asked her if she would go with me; she said No, she would stop there and lock herself in - I returned in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes; I found my door open, my three little children laying in bed, and the prisoner was gone - I went to the box, and found it a little way under the bed, not where I had left it; I took it up, it had been unlocked, and was open then, but the key was in the glass, as I had left it - I turned out the contents of the box on the table, but the five sovereigns were gone; I took up my infant, and went out, locking the door of my room - I found the prisoner in an alley, and gave charge of her; I had left my children in the room while I went out - the eldest was five years old.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you remember your husband going to the prisoner after this?A. Yes; we all talked to her, and I believe said, in the officer's presence, that if she would tell where the money was, she should not be prosecuted; and she took the officer to the place where it was, and brought back the money - our house is in a large open back yard; we occupy the whole - it is only a small house, of one story high; it is in the parish of St. Luke - I believe the prisoner is a poor distressed creature, but I did not know much of her till that morning, when she came and said, that she and her children had not had a bit of victuals for two or three days; her children are now in a room, and no one to look after them - we took her in from charity.


                  RICHARD 
                  POTTON
               



             (Police-constable G 134). I was on duty in Golden-lane on the night of the 13th of February - I saw this witness with her head on a window-shutter, fretting; she said she had been robbed, and I took the prisoner in a yard adjoining the house - I told her it was on a charge of robbing the prosecutrix of five sovereigns, and in consequence of what she said, I went to Mrs. Smith's, in Whitecross-street; the prisoner went towards a privy in the back yard, there put her hand behind a spout, and brought out this parcel, with the five sovereigns in it.
Cross-examined. Q. I believe she was promised that nothing should be done to her? A. Yes, she was - I have known her six or eight months, and never knew any thing against her; her children are destitute, and must go tonight to the parish - she had not changed one of the sovereigns; when I took her I believe she was coming back to the prosecutor's house.
The prisoner received a good character.
GUILTY. Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Life
            .




               Recommended to Mercy by the Jury and Prosecutor, on account of her good character, believing that she was in extreme distress, and having made the best amends in her power
            .
