





3470. 




WILLIAM LEWIS
 and 




JAMES BERRY
 were indicted for

stealing on the 
27th of September 20 yards of ribbon, value 5s., the goods of 



Henry Ildon Tilby; and 





SAMUEL SUDENWOOD



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






EDWIN DAIRS
. I am servant to Henry Ildon Tilby, draper, in New Bridge-street, Vauxhall, he has another establishment at Camberwell—my attention was first drawn to these twenty yards of ribbon on the 29th of September—I cannot say exactly when I last saw it in the shop—within about three days it was safe in my master's shop—I saw the prisoners Lewis and Berry in the shop—I cannot recollect what they came for—they did not purchase any thing—they came in for something I had not got—I was afterwards shown this ribbon, and know it to be my employer's.

Cross-examined by
MR. DUNBAR. Q. You knew these two persons very well? A. No, I do not know that I ever saw them before—the

prisoners are like the men that came in: as far as a person can tell who has seen but them once, they are the men—I am sole manager of this establishment—there is a female in the shop, a cousin of mine, but she was not present—I did not show them any ribbons on another day—I take stock every six months—they were in a drawer which was left on the counter for half an hour—I did not examine the box till the policeman brought me the ribbon—that was within three days of their coming—I will swear it was not six—I am sure they are the men—I had only missed one length before the policeman came.





JAMES ANDREWS
 (police-constable, M 45.) I was on duty in Vauxhall, on Tuesday, the 27th of September—I saw Lewis and Berry together, two hundred yards from the prosecutor's, walking along, and from what Langley had named to me before, I was induced to watch them—I saw them go up to the prisoner Sudenwood, who was selling walnuts—they whispered something to him, and all there went into a public-house together—in a minute after, Sudenwood came out with something under his jacket—I asked what it was—he said he did know—I put my hand between his shirt and body, and found six rollers of ribbon—I said, "Where did you get these?"—he said, "A young man gave them to me"—I then asked if it was one of those young men who went into the public-house—he said, "Yes, it was"—I took him to the public-house, and Langley went after the other two, and brought them in.

Cross-examined. Q. You went in, and left the two people you suspected? A. I had quite enough to do with the one I had—they walked along till they came to Sudenwood—we went about two dozen yards to the public-house—I did not search them—I had sufficient to do with the mob that was around me to secure my own prisoner.





EDWIN LANGLEY
 (police-sergeant A 11.) I was on duty on the 27th of September, at Vauxhall—I saw Lewis first and soon after saw Berry—they joined each other, and walked don kennington-lane I told Andrews I suspected they were thieves, I had some slight knowledge of Berry—they went down to Sudenwood, and spoke to him, apparently whispering to him—I then saw them all three go into the King's Head, close by—I then saw Sudenwood come out with something apparently under his jacket—Andrew laid hold of Sudenwood—at that moment Lewis opened the door and saw it, and he ran back—I then went into the public-house to apprehend him—I looked into the tap-room—I could not see either of them, and suspected they had gone into the back premise—I went and found Berry in the privy, some distance from the house—I brought him back to the house, where Andrews had not Sudenwood, and Lewis was standing by the side of him—he found this ribbon on Sudenwood.

Cross-examined. Q. Were Lewis and Berry searched? A. Yes—nothing was found on them—it was a day of public entertainment at Vauxhall—I saw them go up to Sudenwood, and in consequence of seeing Lewis run back, I suspected something was wrong—I saw nothing pass from the hand of one to the other—we did not watch them above ten minutes—it was about six o'clock in the evening—they made a desperate resistance, and Berry made his escape—he jumped out of the window—he was pursued with the cry of "Stop thief," and was taken.





EDWIN DAIRS

re-examined. These three pieces I can swear positively to, by the private marks on them, and these others I believe to be ours.

MR. DUNBAR. Q. Is it your mark, or your master's? A. Two of them are mine—the female would not have sold them with the mark on

them, and we always retain the blocks—I never sell a piece without taking the mark off—I do not know whether she might not—when we sell we enter it in a memorandum book—that is not here.

LEWIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

BERRY—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.




Transported for Seven Years.

SUDENWOOD—


GUILTY
. Aged 21. 



Confined One Year.
