



221. 




JAMES FINLYSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of November, 14 sovereigns, and 6 half-sovereigns; the monies of 



John Smith, in a vessel, on the 
navigable river Thames.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH LEWIS
. I am a surveyor of the Thames-police. On the 14th of November I was on duty about half-past two o'clock in the morning, and noticed a boat, sailing through the centre arch of London-bridge—I pursued it, and saw the prisoner get out of it at Thorp's-wharf, Southwark—he shoved the boat adrift, and got behind some timber—he put up his hand, I and threw what I supposed to be a lot of sovereigns out of his hand—they jinked against the timber which he got behind—there appeared a great many more than was found—Godfrey was with me—I secured him, and about two yards from him I found two sovereigns-and a Victoria medal—Godfrey brought me a half-sovereign, and King a sovereign—the place was very muddy, and some of them might be lost—I searched the prisoner, and on his person found another Victoria medal, and a box of Lucifer matches—I took him on board my boat—he said he belonged to the Christian, which I found was lying in the same tier as the Fox Maule—you could step from one vessel to the other—I went on board that vessel, and found the drawers in the cabin broken open—I looked into the grate of the cabin, and found two Lucifer matches of the same description as those found on him, and which had been burnt—I noticed marks of blood on a

candlestick in the cabin, and found the prisoner's thumb of his right hand had been recently cut—I should think the mark on the candlestick had been made by holding it with his right hand—he told me two Irishmen on board the Fox Maule had given him 3l. 10s. to put them on shore—he had heard before that what money I had found.

COURT. Q. How long did you see him in the boat? A. Between fin and six minutes—he could not get away when he got ashore—he jumped behind the timber, and was there about two minutes—he could not escape, for the timbers were blocked at both ends.





JOHN SMITH
. I am master of the Fox Maule, which laid in Beale's wharf. On the night of the 13th of November, I had fourteen sovereign and six half-sovereigns, in a tin box, which was locked and put into drawer in the cabin, and the drawer was locked—I saw it safe about eleven o'clock that night—I had seen the prisoner on board in the course of that afternoon—he was acquainted with some of the men—he was not one the the crew—I went on shore with the mate soon after eleven o'clock that night, and left two men and a boy in the forecastle—I went on board again about seven or eight o'clock next morning, and found the drawer in the cabin put in as before—the mate gave me information, and I found the drawer had been opened, the tin box unlocked, and the money gone—I have known the prisoner many years.





GEORGE SHENSTER
. I was mate of the Fox Maule. I went on shore with the captain, and returned in about half an hour to the gate, but the watchman would not let me in—I went on board about half-past twelve or nearly one o'clock, and went down into the cabin—every thing appeared to me to be right—I was on deck when the policeman came about half past two o'clock in the morning—I then went into the cabin, and found the drawer had been opened, and the money gone—a candle was burning in the cabin when I went ashore, and it was alight when I returned—the Christian was lying two vessels from us, and was an outer vessel—a person coming from that vessel to go ashore would cross our vessel—the prisoner was on board our vessel at eight o'clock at night—he was acquainted with some of the men.

COURT. Q. Did you see him again that night? A. Yes, in the street, about three or four hundred yards from the vessel, about a quarter to twelve o'clock—I cannot say when the things were taken—it must hare been while I was on shore, because the drawer appeared safe, but I did not go to it—the men on board were in the forecastle—the cabin is at the other end of the vessel—he might go to it without being seen, as the men were in bed.





JOHN PHILLIPS
. I am watchman at Beale's Wharf. The Fox Masle laid abreast of the wharf—I saw the prisoner that night, between twelve and one o'clock—he came to the wharf and rang the bell on the land side—I opened the door—he asked for the Fox Maule or the Christian—I let him on the wharf and blamed him for being so late.





JOHN SMITH
. I am captain of the Albion coasting vessel. On the 14th of November she laid outside the tier, at Beale's Wharf, two vessels from the Fox Maule—I had a boat at the head of the vessel—I did not miss it till the policeman came—I then found my boat and sculls had been taken away—it was found adrift on the river—I had not given any body permission to take it.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
