






First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
480. 
               
                  
                     ALFRED 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of August
, 1 watch, value 2l. 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Walker
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been previously convicted of felony
            .


                  JAMES 
                  WALKER
               



            . I lodged in Edward-street, Soho


 - I am a tailor
. The prisoner lodged in the same room, and in the same bed; he called himself a tailor
 - in August last I missed a watch; I believe I had put it on the bedside, or by the window, when I went to bed on the Monday evening - on Tuesday morning I got up, and dressed myself; I looked to see what o'clock it was, and left my watch in the same place - I went for some rolls, and went into the sitting-room, to breakfast; the prisoner came down, and said, "Good morning;" my landlord said, "Do you call this morning?" (it was then past nine o'clock) we went on with our breakfast, and in about ten minutes I went into the bed-room, and missed my watch; I afterwards found my watch at a pawnbroker's, in Charlotte-place, Lambethmarsh - I searched for the prisoner for a month, but could not find him; his week was not up at the lodging, and he ought to have returned - when three months had expired, I was in great want of my watch; I redeemed it for 2l. 4s. 8d. - I never found the prisoner till last Friday week; when I saw him he said, "You have compounded felony;" I said, "For what?" he repeated it again - I said, "For what?" he then said he took the watch through distress.


                  GEORGE 
                  COOPER
               



            . I went to inquire at the prisoner's lodgings for a man he knew, and from some inquiry I thought he was the man who robbed the prosecutor, and took him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner - I made him no promise or threat; he admitted that he took the watch.
-. I am an officer. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction - I am certain he is the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
