





144. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HENSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Howel 
                           Short
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
HOWEL SHORT. I am a smith
, and live in Robert-street, New-cut, Lambeth. On the afternoon of the 4th of November I was passing through the Treasury-passage


; I felt something touch me behind; I put my hand round, and could not feel the substance of my handkerchief - I then pulled my glove off, and put my hand into my pocket; my handkerchief was gone - I looked round, and saw the prisoner, who appeared to be putting something into his pocket - I followed him to Spring-gardens; I there saw a constable, and told him what had happened - he took the prisoner by the arm, and said, "Have you this gentleman's handkerchief?" he said, "I have" - he took it out of his pocket, gave it him, and said he picked it up.


                  GILLERY 
                  PIGOT CAMPART
               



             (Police-constable A 19.) I took the prisoner, and said I wanted him; he said,"What for?" I said, "You have this gentleman's handkerchief;" he denied it - the prosecutor then came up, and accused him of stealing his handkerchief in the Treasury-passage - he gave it up, and wished to be let go.
Prisoner. I denied stealing it - I said I picked it up, and if it was the gentleman's handkerchief he was welcome to it. Witness. He denied having it till the prosecutor came up.


                  HOWEL 
                  SHORT
               



             re-examined. Q. You have heard what the officer has stated; did he go in advance of you, and speak to the prisoner? A. Yes; this is my handkerchief - it is of the same appearance and pattern.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up - if I had stolen it I should have run away.
MR. SHORT. When I looked back he was ten or twelve yards behind me; there was no person nearer to me, to my knowledge.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
