



17. 




HENRY JOHN BLAINE
 was indicted

 for staling, on the 
25th October, the materials for 4 pairs of boots, value 2l.; 7 knives, value 2s.; 2 rand-wheels, value 8s.; 4 pairs of spur-boxes, value 30s.; and 100 boot-markers' tools value 3l.; the goods of 




John Ross; 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.; 5 apirs of satin shoe-uppers, value 10,; 5 pairs of lasts, value 4,; 2 knives, value 6d.; 1 hammer, value 1s.; and 50 shoemakers' tools value 1,; the goods of 



Edward Jenkins; 1 knife, value 3d.,; and 14 shoemakers tools value 15s.; the good of 



Joseph Botwright.







JOHN ROSS
. I am a boot-maker, and live in Prujean-square, Old Bailey. The prisoner was in the habit, of bringing work to my workshop from his father, for us to manufacture—he was not a workman of mine—I have worked for his father—he was occasionally about my premises, but not emplyed by me— I lost my property on 25th October or the 26th—I cannot say to the day—It was safe on Sunday, and on Monday morning it was lost, and was found in the prisoner's possession.





THOMAS HERDEFIELD
. I am a City offier. I produce a quantity of articles belonging to the three prosecutors who are here—here is a quantity of tolls, bot-legs, leather belonging to Ross: and five pair of satin shoes, belonging to another person—I found the articles in Butcher—hall lane, in the prisone's father's house, in a celler—he lived with his father at that time—the morning I was sent for, the prisoner was in the prosector's room, and I said, "You are suspecteed of this robbery"—he denied it strongly, and could not hink I should think it was him—I found he was about saying smothing, and I went out of the room, that I might not hear any thing about any compromise—he into the celler, and I after him.





JOHN ROSS

re-examined. This is my property, and there at Mr. Ross' shop—the prisoner was in the habit of coming there very often.





JOSEPH BOTWRIGHT
. There is property here of mine—It was taken from Mr. Ross', where I work.

Prisoner. I throw myself on your mercy.




GUILTY
. Aged 21—


Transported for Seven Years.
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
