





Before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
1327. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COOK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of June
, 1 lamp, value 15s.; 6 spoons, value 3l. 12s.; 4 forks, value 50s.; 1 sugar-ladle, value 10s.; 1 pair of snuffers, value 2s.; 1 cup, value 1s.; 1 saucer, value 6d.; 1 plate, value 1s.; 4 dusters, value 6d.; 1 wine-glass, value 6d.; 1 book, value 4d.; 1 knife, value 6d., and 1 pair of scissors and case, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mungo William Allen 
                           Gilmore
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .


                  MUNGO 
                  WILLIAM ALLEN GILMORE
               



            . I am a sailmaker
 and ship-chandler
, My dwelling-house is at Stamford-hill


 - this property was taken from there; the prisoner was my footman
 - he came to me in January, 1829, and left me on the 10th of August; he lived three months with Mr. Kersey, and came back on the 7th of November - he left me without notice on the 9th of June last - there was one month's wages due to him; when he was gone I missed the property stated; he gave up the duplicates when he was taken, which was about forty-eight hours after I applied to a Police-officer - he had taken away his boxes and all his property.
JOSEPH MELLISH. The prosecutor applied to me on the morning of the 10th of June; I went to the turnpike-house, which is about two hundred yards from the prosecutor's, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning - there were the prisoner's two boxes and two bundles, which contained a variety of articles; the boxes were not locked, only tied round with a cord - I opened them, they were directed to the Flower-pot, Bishopsgate-street, for 
               
                  William 
                  Cook
               



            ; I went there about twelve o'clock the same day, and stopped till about ten at night; I went again about half-past five the next morning - I staid till six that evening, and then the prisoner came and went down to the booking-office - he opened one of the bundles, took a coat out, and put it on - he took a black coat off his back, and put it under his arm; he went on to Whitechapel, and was going into a pawnbroker's to pawn the black coat; I asked if his name was Cook - he said Yes; I said he must come with me; I took him to a public-house, and found in the black coat duplicates of the property lost from the prosecutor; these articles I have here are what I found in the boxes and bundles, which the prosecutor identifies - here are caps, saucers, plates, glasses, snuffers, dusters, a fork, a knife, and this bunch of keys.


                  CHARLES 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Harris, a pawnbroker. I have some forks and spoons pawned by the prisoner at different times in December, March, April, and May.
GEORGE GIFFORD. I am collector of the tolls at Stamford-hill gate. The boxes and bundles were brought by two countrymen - I had seen the prisoner in the morning; he asked if I would take them, and send them by the errand-cart, which I did.
MR. GILMORE. This plate has my crest on it; I believe the other articles are mine - I missed just such as these.
Prisoner. It is my first offence - I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for 14 Years
            .
