




389. 




THOMAS DENTON
 and 




JOHN BROWN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
6th of December, 1 pair of trowsers, value 8s.; 1 hat, value 5s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 6s.; 1 necklace, value 8s.; 1 flannel shirt, value 2s.; 1 needle case, value 1s. 6d., and 1 pair of boots, value 6s., the goods of 



William Nicholson, in a vessel in a Port of Entry and Discharge.






WILLIAM NICHOLSON
. I belong to the barque John Dempster, which was in the London Docks—it came in on the 5th of December—on the 6th I saw a manilla hat of mine on deck, and a bag containing all these things but the hat—I missed them about nine o'clock in the morning—I have since seen this hat and handkerchief, that is all—I do not know the prisoners—I did not see them that day—persons could come on board without my seeing them.

Denton. Q. Can you swear to the handkerchief? A. To the best of my belief it is mine—I never wore it, but I believe so by the look of it, and the hat is mine.





DANIEL DONOVAN
. I am a porter, and live at No. 5, King-street. I was on board this ship that day—I saw the prosecutor up aloft, and saw the prisoners speak together—Denton went and took a hat from between the beams—to the best of my belief, this is the hat, but it has been disfigured since—Denton turned the hat up, and put it inside his clothes—he then went and took the things out of the bag, and overhauled them—at that time Brown was on the forecastle—Brown then went to the bag, and took the trowsers out, took his own off, and put them on—I told Brown he should not take them out of the vessel in my presence—he said, what was that to me, and offered me a shilling—I said I would not hare such a shilling as that—I went to stop him, but he ran—I got hustled by three or four fellows, and they got away on the quay.

Brown. I put on a pair of trowsers, but a man on board gave them to me.





WILLIAM GOLDSMITH
. I live in George-court, William-street. Last Sunday night week I went to the Bell public-house, Ratcliffe-high way—I saw Denton there—he offered me this handkerchief to buy—I did not want it, but I bought it at last.





SAMUEL MOSES
. I am a tailor in Shadwell. On the Tuesday I bought this hat of Denton for 1s*. 6d.

Denton's Defence. He called me into the shop, and aiked me to sell

this hat, which I had in my hand—I bought the handkerchief on board the ship of one of the men, and the hat was lying about.

DENTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Six Months.

BROWN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.
