





379. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HARPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th January
, 1 watch, value 5l.; 1 watch-key, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jose 
                     De Nicolas
                  




               
            .


                  JOSE 
                  DE NICOLAS
               



            . I live in Brunswick-place; on the 20th January I was passing the Artillery Ground gate in the City-road


, about nine o'clock; it was dark, but there was a lamp there; in an instant my watch was snatched from me; there were several persons about me; they ran away; I cried "Stop thief," and ran after them; I afterwards saw the policeman, who said they had taken the man; I went to the station-house, and saw the prisoner; I can't swear he was one of the persons who was about me - I was a little agitated - this is my watch; I suppose it is worth £5.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Are there not many persons passing at nine o'clock in the evening? A. Yes, in general; I was a little agitated; I called "Stop thief," as soon as I was robbed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MAYNARD
               



            . I am journeyman to a butcher in Windmill-street, about fifty-yards from the artillery-gate - I heard the cry of "Stop thief" - I saw the prisoner running - I pursued him through Finsbury-square - I gained ground on him - he turned the corner of Chiswell-street, but I did not lose sight of him - I called, "Stop thief" - a policeman crossed from the other side, and we closed upon him near Mr. Lazarus's shop door - whether the prisoner fell from the force of the policeman or not, I cannot say, but he was down, and the policeman on him - the prisoner fell close to thea rea - there were two policemen, but no one else running - I went back to give information, and to find what was the charge - the prosecutor said he had lost his watch.
Cross-examined. Q. What were you doing in your shop? A. Talking to my master - I do not know where my master went - I saw the prisoner running, but I did not see the person from whom the cry of "Stop thief" proceeded - I had not seen any person running before I saw the prisoner - we have no glass to our shop - Castle-street turns down out of the City-road, and our street is the first turning in Castle-street - the cry did not excite much alarm- there was no one ran after the prisoner but me - there were persons walking about, and they looked on - I had heard some persons running in Castle-street, but I did not see them - I took the prisoner from their hands - he never was out of my sight - I cannot say whether he fell down, or the officer shoved him down - I had not seen the prisoner before - I was in the station-house when a woman came in, who stated she saw the gentleman robbed - the prisoner was being searched; he was placed before that woman that she might identify him, and she said he was not the person - the prisoner did not ask her her name, nor desire the officer to take it down - she went away - I have not seen any bills which the prisoner has had printed, offering a reward for the woman.
COURT. Q. Do you say that the first person you saw running was the prisoner? A. Yes: and I followed him closely, and did not lose sight of him till he got to Lazarus's shop, which has an area - he ran as fast as he could.


                  THOMAS 
                  SEAL
               



             (police-constable G 145). I was on duty on the night of the 20th of January - I saw the prisoner running, and Maynard was running after him in the crowd - but whether he was foremost in the crowd I cannot say - the prisoner got as far as Lazarus's shop; and I seized him there close by the area, which has flat railings over it, level with the pavement - he threw himself down, and brought me on the top of him - after some struggling I got him up - Maynard came up, and told me some one had called "Stop thief," but he did not know what it was - I sent him back to inquire - the prisoner said, in going to the station-house, "It is only a row with a woman, it is not worth while taking me" - I went out and met the prosecutor and a gentleman coming - I found on the prisoner a diamond ring on his finger, and a diamond pin.
Cross-examined. Q. You say the first thing you heard was a cry of "Stop thief?" A. Yes; I cannot say who it came from, but it was at the corner of Chiswell-street - the crowd might consist of five or six persons - I found the diamond pin in his left hand, and the ring on his finger; and he was trying to get rid of them - his fall was not in consequence of my taking hold of him, it was intentional on his part - I did not see any woman come to the station-house, but I heard of it from the inspector, who is not here to-day.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  COLLINS
               



             (police-constable G 217). I was on duty about a quarter past nine that night - I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner run - I followed him about thirty yards to Lazarus's shop, and just as I was getting hold of him, he fell down across the area; he was then taken to the station-house - the prosecutor said he had lost his watch - I took a lanthorn, and found this watch in the area, under the iron railing, just where the prisoner fell- he had a good opportunity of putting it there, for I noticed as he fell, his hand was on that area.
Cross-examined. Q. How many persons were running after him? A. I saw nobody but Maynard, the butcher, but I cannot swear there were not four or five persons running after him as I was in front of him, and I turned and followed him - when I went to the area, I went down stairs in the house, and found the watch; it was not broken, nor is the glass; there was some dirt in the area, it was about three feet deep - I heard the prisoner say he had touched some woman.
George Ripley, 53, St. Martin's-lane; William Baylis, of Brompton; 
               
                  William 
                  Thorpe
               



            , Foley-place; and 
               
                  James 
                  Williams
               



            , North-row, gave the prisoner a good character.


                  THOMAS 
                  SEAL
               



            . I went to Mr. Ripley's, where the prisoner lodged, and found a great quantity of property in box.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
