






First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
57. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PEDLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of June

, 2 packing-cases, value 8s.; 2 yards of canvas, value 18s.; 2712 pairs of gloves, value 212l. 5s.; 6 bottles, value 2s., and 9 pints of seidlitz water, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dent
                        



                     
                   and others
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said goods, well knowing them to be stolen
            .
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LORD
               



            . I am warehouseman to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Dent
               



            , who has three partners - they are wholesale glover
s, and carry on business in Friday-street



 and at Worcester; I do not know Pedley. On the 23rd of June I assisted in packing some goods for Worcester; there were one hundred and ninety dozen pairs of gloves, with some other trifling things; they were packed in two French deal cases- they were not covered with any cloth; they were corded: one case was about a yard and a half cube - the other was much smaller; they were addressed to Dent and Co., Worcester - there was a truss, which was not packed at our house; I was at the desk when the things were taken away, but paid no attention to it.


                  THOMAS 
                  ANGEL
               



            . I am in the service of Messrs. Dent. I entered the goods - I was in the warehouse, and saw one case taken away; I did not see the prisoners.


                  FRANCIS 
                  TIGHE
               



            . I am porter to Messrs. Dent. I did not see the prisoners till they were before the Magistrate; I was in the warehouse when the cases were packed, and when they were taken away; two cases and a truss were taken away - the truss was packed in canvas; it was about two feet and a half each way, and two feet deep - they were taken away in a cart; I cannot say whether I know the man that came into the warehouse to take them out- it was about three o'clock, or between three and four; Boucher gave me 6d. to give to the man who was with the cart - I went into the passage, and gave him 6d. for booking; the goods were then in the cart.


                  JOHN 
                  BOUCHER
               



            . I am apprentice to Dent and Co. I do not know either of the prisoners. On the 23rd of June I remember seeing a cart coming for the goods, between four and five o'clock; I was in the warehouse, and saw the person who came for the goods in the warehouse, but do not know him; I saw him remove two cases and a truss - one case was about four feet long and three high, and the other a smaller one - the truss was packed in canvas; they were to be sent to Dent and Co., at Worcester, from the Rose-inn, Farringdon-street; Robinson drove the cart - I only saw his back; the cases and truss were taken out of the warehouse and put into the cart - the prisoner Pedley generally called at our warehouse on Saturday morning, to know if there were any goods to go to Carron-wharf; and he would take goods to pitch as he passed by other wharfs.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You only saw the back of the driver? A. No; I do not swear it was Robinson - I saw him in the same dress at the office; he wore a dark drab jacket.
MR. BODKIN. Q. How long did you look at him? A. Only as I came down stairs; there was a cart there at the time; I saw Robinson when he was in custody - the Magistrate told him to turn round: I said, as far as I could tell from his back, he was the man; he was dressed the same as the man was.


                  JOHN 
                  BLOOMFIELD
               



            , SEN. I keep the booking-office at the Rose inn, Farringdon-street. On the 23rd of June no packing-case or truss were brought there, except one which I fetched myself from their warehouse, at seven o'clock that night; I have not received the packages in question at all.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  ALLCROFT
               



            . I am a partner in the firm of Dent and Co., Worcester. We did not receive the cases and truss in question; they would be two or three days coming from London - I did not receive two cases and a truss within ten days.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you any means of recollecting that they did not arrive, except from your books? A. That is one means - we received the invoice of them, but have never received the goods; I know we did not receive them - the invoice and our books are in Court.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you receive the invoice about the 23rd of June? A. Yes, enclosed in a small parcel, by coach, but the goods which were to come by the waggon were deficient; this is the invoice - the first two lines of it allude to goods in the parcel which accompained it - the other items were to come by van.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . In June last I was in the employ of Mr. Thomas Elston, an owner of town-carts. On Saturday, the 23rd of June, I was out with one of the carts; coming through Dowgate-hill, between four and five o'clock, and I was hired by John Ellis, who took me to the corner of Friday-street - I was dressed as I am now; I went to the first house on the right-hand side of Cheapside - when I got there, Ellis put three packages into the cart, which he brought out of the warehouse; I did not go into the warehouse - I remained in the cart; the packages were two deal cases, and a small truss - one case was rather bigger than the other, the truss was covered with a kind of sackcloth; I did not see any body belonging to the warehouse - Ellis got into the cart, and by his direction, I turned round to the left, towards St. Paul's, and when I got twenty or thirty yards, he told me to turn round, and go back down Cheapside - Pedley and Wall were at a distance; they did not join the cart at all, till I got where I was desired to go by Ellis - I was ordered to go to Castle-alley, and they joined me there; I was ordered to go to Smith's, in Castle-alley, by Ellis - I had seen Pedley before; they joined the cart at Smith's, and each took a parcel out.
Q. Where was Pedley when you first saw him after Ellishired you? A. Pedley and Wall were both twenty or thirty yards from Ellis, walking on up Dowgate-hill, towards Cheapside, they passed by after I got to the warehouse, while the goods were loading into the cart; I had got about ten or twenty yards down Cheapside before I saw them again; they were following the cart down, going in the same direction as the cart, and about twenty yards from it; after seeing them then, I did not see them any more till I got to Castle-alley, which is in Whitechapel, near Wentworth-street - there is no thoroughfare in the alley for carts - it leads strait into Whitechapel; my cart drew up Castle-alley - Pedley and Wall were there by the time I got there, they were at the end of the court, ready to take the goods out when I drew up; they were up the alley - they each took a package, and went up the court with it; I did not see what house they went into - I was not there above ten minutes; Ellis paid me 10s. for the cart, in the evening, in Church-lane, Whitechapel, in the street; nobody was present when he paid me - I was afterwards apprehended, in consequence of this, by Lee, and made this statement to him after I was taken; I afterwards went with Lee to Castle-alley, and pointed out the place where the cart stood.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is there a turning to the left in Castle-alley leading to Castle-place? A. At the bottom there is - there are five or six houses in Castle-place; I believe Castle-street is to the right - I never saw Smith at all; the cart stopped very near the bottom of Castle-alley - the horse's head stood towards Whitechapel; the cart stood at the turning that the goods went up - they were taken up the turning to the left.
Q. Did you come into Castle-alley out of Whitechapel? A. No, there is no thoroughfare there; I got into it by the brewhouse - I might be there ten minutes; I am positive I was not longer - I got into the cart, and delivered the goods to them; the cart stood still in the same place till I drove away - I am positive I did not back into any premises, if any body has said so, it is not true; master has four carts, three large and one smaller - the large ones may be eight feet wide; the one I drive was No. 152,884.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. The first time you saw Pedley he was walking up Dowgate-hill? A. Yes, with Wall, and they passed as I was loading the cart; I saw them in Cheapside, and saw no more of them till I got to Castle-alley - I there delivered the goods to Ellis, Pedley, and Wall.


                  SARAH 
                  GROVES
               



            . I am married - my husband is abroad; I live now at No. 44, Russel-street, Mile-end-road. In June last I lived at No. 8, Castle-place, Whitechapel - I know the prisoner Smith; I was in his house about ten weeks, to take care of his children, three years ago - he then lived at No. 2, Castle-place; I went to live in Castle-place about a week or fortnight after last Christmas -Smith was not then living at No. 2, for he had had two rooms made at his shed, or warehouse, in Castle-alley; that was where his business was carried on - I cannot say what his business was, further than it was receiving stolen goods - while I lived with him he was receiving stolen property; the warehouse in Castle-alley, and his house, in all in the same place - it is not a stone's throw; we have to turn round from one to the other; the alley goes up towards Whitechapel; the warehouse is in Castle-alley. On Saturday, the 23rd of June, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I saw a town cart driven down round Castle-alley, by the witness Robinson - the cart was backed into Smith's premises; I saw it back into Smith's premises - I saw it drive down - I could not see any thing taken from the cart, as it was backed into the premises -I saw two packing-cases, and a truss in it: the truss was covered with canvas; I saw the cart go away empty in about twenty minutes, and in about an hour and three-quarters I saw another cart, a brown cart - Smith, the prisoner, came out of his premises with it; it had the name of Dunn on it, with the same packing-cases apparently as had just before gone in in the town-cart, but not the truss - Smith was in the cart; nobody else - it was a light brown cart, with a seat in it, made more like a chaise-cart.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You lived at Smith's, as a servant at the time the cart came? A. No, I lived at Mrs. Morris', No. 3, Castle-place; that is in the same line of buildings as Smith lived in - I know his premises, and the way into his back yard, and the gateway into it - I saw the town cart back into his premises, through the gates, into the back yard - I saw Robinson drive the cart round the corner of Castle-alley, and he backed it into the yard - the gates were closed; I could not see any thing taken out of the cart; Robinson, the horse and cart, were all inclosed inside the gates, which were closed - I saw that; I saw nobody but him with the cart, neither taking it in nor out - it came out empty; I saw nobody else go into the yard; he backed it in, and somebody closed the gates inside - I could not see who was inside.
Q. Had you been looking into the yard before the cart came? A. No; I was standing close to my own place when the cart passed - there was nobody in it but Robinson; I saw nobody else pass; I know Mr. Allum, at No. 4, Castle-alley - I never lived with him - Mr. Morris has been a master-hackneyman, but now drives a cab; his wife lives with him - after leaving Smith's, I went to a house in Brathwaite's-buildings, Finsbury; Smith was a receiver of stolen goods when I lived with him - that was the reason I left, so many bad characters came backwards and forwards - I discovered it about six weeks after I went to live with him, but waited there till I could suit myself with a house; my husband lived with me at that time - he is now in America; he went last May - I never asked Smith for money after I left him; I know 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ville
               



            ; she is Mr. Smith's washerwoman - I know Thomas and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Litchfield
               



            ; she is called Scruby - I never said to any body that if Smith did not continue to support my children, I would transport him; I never asked him for a single shilling - I have six children - I am positive Robinson's cart backed into Smith's premises - I saw another town cart there on the Saturday after.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Your husband left this country last May, where did he live when you was in Smith's service? A. With me; it was through him I went to Smith's - I kept the house in Finsbury for nearly three years; my husband lived there with me, and he was at Smith's house with me - one of my children are at sea, and the other four were with me - Smith had three children.

JURY to JOHN ROBINSON. Q. What is the usual cartage from Cheapside to Whitechapel? A. I cannot say -I did not demand any money, he gave me what he liked: I think it was rather more than the usual cartage - I did not back my cart into Smith's premises; I never took a cart there on any other occasion.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I apprehended Robinson on the 21st of September - he did not at first make a statement of the share he had in the transaction, but did afterwards - I took Pedley the same day (before I took Robinson), and told him it was for taking some goods from a warehouse in Friday-street; he said he knew nothing about it, and asked me when - I told him about June; he said it was very hard he should be taken, it was not him, for he was in confinement at the time - he did not say where; he said he had been tried and acquitted; I asked him what he had been - he said he had been a porter at the Carron wharf; I afterwards took Robinson - he went with me to Castle-alley: I pointed out where the cart stood - the prisoner Smith was in custody at the time, taken for another affair; I searched the premises, and found a tinplate there, with the name of William Dunn on it - I gave it to an officer here last Session; Smith's premises have a side door, which goes up a passage to his house, and then there are two folding gates leading to a shed; you can enter either by a side door or the gates - his premises go to the corner of the wall; I have been to the prosecutors' premises - they are the first house on the right-hand side from Cheapside.
JURY. Q. What width are Smith's folding gates? A. Eight feet two inches inside - I saw them measured to-day by a wheelwright; there is room for a cart and horse to stand within when they are closed; the shed is fifty-six feet deep by twelve wide.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. If there was a good sized van in the yard would there be room for it to be kept in? A. Yes - I should think it would hold six carts.


                  JOHN 
                  SEAMAN
               



             (Police-constable H 150.) I received a plate from Lee, but have left it at home; I have been to Smith's, shed two or three times since this transction - I noticed a van there and two chaises on the 12th of September, as near as I can recollect; I apprehended Smith on the 12th or 13th of September, at the Three Crowns, Castle-street, and told him it was on suspicion of receiving stolen property - he said he knew nothing at all of it; I watched his premises for twenty-one days before he was taken, and noticed several well known thieves going there- I saw Mr. Dunn's cart go there several times; it is a brown cart - I should call it a common stage cart.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Smith has been at large, on bail, has he not? A. Yes, and surrendered to-night.
Smith's Defence. It is a made up thing of this woman's; I made a subscription for her husband leaving the country, and subscribed a sovereign towards it - I always gave her money, and since May, when I denied her any, she has held out this, which I have all the neighbours to prove - Robinson gave me the number of his cart, and it will not go into the gates.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I gave him the number of my cart voluntarily.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Were you in the House of Correction at that time? A. He was in the van with me, as we were going there; my cart is about eight feet wide, or rather better.


                  SARAH 
                  GROVES
               



            . The prisoner did give my husband a sovereign - my husband asked him for it; I thought, when I saw the cart backed in, that it was a dishonest transaction; I gave information of it when I saw about it in the newspaper - I wrote to the gentleman in Friday-street about the beginning of July; my husband has sent his little boy to the prisoner for a shilling or two, but I have not asked him for money - this is the letter I wrote to Friday-street (looking at it) - I never threatened to cause the prisoner to be prosecuted; I did not quarrel with him - I wrote the letter in consequence of reading of the transaction in the newspaper.


                  MARY 
                  VILLE
               



            . I am a washerwoman. At the time Groves came backwards and forwards to Smith's, she told me she would transport him if he did not give her money to support his family; Ramsay, Scruby, Cripps, and others heard her say so when she has been quarrelling with Smith- it was eight months ago that I first heard her say she would do her best to transport him.
MR. BODKIN. Q. That was when she quarrelled with him? A. Yes, and before; I have heard her say it coolly, when nobody but me and Smith's children were present - I repeatedly heard her say it at Smith's house, and afterwards at the quarrel, about ten weeks ago, it might be twelve weeks, it was about fortnight before he was taken into custody, or not so long; Ramsay, Joseph Brown, Thomas and Miss Scruby, and Solomon and Thomas Cripps were present - it was at the bottom of Castle-place, in the open air, in the evening, just before dark; the lamps were not lighted - she did not address any one in particular - the whole heard it; they made no answer to it - I came away, and left the rest there; Scruby sometimes goes by the name of Litchfield; Groves always used those words.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You do not mean to say you have given us the exact words? A. Yes, I have, the very words; I have had no quarrel with her - she came in and out at Smith's, I thought, as a friend, and when he would not oblige her with money she was angry, and said if he did leave her money she would do for him, she would transport him.


                  ESTHER 
                  RAMSAY
               



            . I live in Castle-street - my husband is a skin-dresser. About fourteen or sixteen weeks ago I heard a quarrel between Mrs. Groves and the prisoner; I heard her say she would transport him if he did not support her or her children, or words to that effect; this passed in Castle-place, between her landlord's window and the next house - it was late in the evening.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Quite dark? A. Yes, between nine and ten o'clock at night; Ville was there, and Scruby and Joseph Brown - Cripps was not there; it was about ten weeks previous to the last Session.


                  ANN 
                  SCRUBY
               



            . I live with my brother, at No. 6, Castle-place, and work at shoe-binding. I know Groves by sight - I heard her say she would do her best to transport Smith if he did not help to support his and her children, and give her money now and then; that was one evening when she was quarrelling with him - my brother was present; I do not know whether Ville or Brown were, or Cripps; 
               
                  Esther 
                  Ramsay
               



             was.
Mr. BODKIN. Q. A good many of you had got together? A. There being a quarrel, and it being fine weather, people came out - it was not only then, but I have heard her say it at other times constantly, when she passed up and down; it was at supper time, between eight and nine o'clock - it was after eight, I know - I have been called Scruby from a child, as my father was known by that name; but when we came on this side the Borough, our circumstances were not so good as they used to be, and he went by the name of Litchfield, which is one of his Christian names - Groves has gone up and down, saying she was determined to have her revenge on Smith, and on those who took his part.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BROWN
               



            . I live in Castle-alley, and am a tailor. I know Groves by sight - I heard her say she would do her best to transport Smith if he did not do his best to support her and her family; Ville and Ramsay were present - it was between ten and eleven o'clock at night, at the bottom of Castle-place; I did not see Miss Scruby there; I have heard this two or three times, but never attended to it more than once myself - I never spoke to Groves in my life.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Ramsay and Ville were both present when the quarrel took place at the bottom of the court? A. Yes; I think it was nearer eleven o'clock than ten - I was coming home from work, and heard the disturbance; I left work about ten - I am not acquainted with Smith; I believe he is something of a wool sorter.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you heard this at other times in the evening? A. Yes; it was thirteen or fourteen weeks ago - a fortnight or three weeks before Smith was taken up.


                  THOMAS 
                  SCRUBY
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live in Castle-place. I heard Groves say she would do her best in transporting Smith if he did not do his best to support her children - it was twelve or fourteen weeks ago, or more; I have heard her say it both private and public - it was her common practice; she said she would certainly have her revenge on Smith, and all who took his part.
MR. BODKIN. Q. You think it was thirteen or fourteen weeks ago that you last heard it? A. The quarrel was thirteen or fourteen weeks ago - the last time I heard it might be a week or a fortnight after; I was at home on the night of the quarrel; the noise called me out - it might be about nine o'clock, or between nine and ten; I am sure it was before ten - I mended a pair of shoes for Smith about two years ago; I never dressed any leather for him, nor did he apply to me to dress some, which I refused; he never applied to me to do any thing which I refused - I knew Mrs. Morris, and Groves; I never told them Smith brought me stolen leather to work, and because I would not have it he took his work from me, nor any thing of the sort.


                  SOLOMON 
                  CRIPPS
               



            . I am in the wool business, but have been out of a situation some time - I lived in Castle-place, but now live in King-street, Spitalfields. When I lived at Hoxton I heard Groves say, at Smith's own place, that she would transport him unless he supported her and her children - I heard it at both places.
MR. BODKIN. Q. You heard it at Smith's place? A. Yes, the very morning Mr. and Mrs. Groves left the house(they ran away); they quarelled that morning, because Smith said he would not take her into his place - I was at work for Smith that morning, it was about nine o'clock, in the shop; Mr. Heather was there - he works in the same stable in Ropemaker-street; I get my living by portering - I have been out of a regular place since three weeks after Christmas; I was in the employ of Mr. Gooch, who houses wool - I never sold Smith any wool; I never took any to him - I have taken cotton to his place when he employed me; I was discharged from Gooch through Mrs. Groves - after Grove's, husband was discharged, Gooch said he could not keep me any longer, as he had such a piece of work at his house; it was nothing about wool.
JURY. Q. Did you ever take any cotton wool to Smith? A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  BENNET
               



            . I am a carman in the employ of Mr. Elston. I went to Smith's premises last Friday, and tried to back one of our three large carts into his gateway; Robinson used to drive one of the large ones - they are all three the same size; I rather think this was the smallest of the three, if there is any difference - I could not back it into his premises; there was not room to turn it.
JURY. Q. Can you tell us the dimensions of the cart? A. I should think it is about five feet without the wheels, and six or seven feet, including the wheels.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Could you not back a cart that width, through a gateway eight feet two inches? A. No, the street is not wide enough to turn it; there is no footway on either side - I do not recollect any curb on either side; I did not go down to the bottom of the street - there is no curb by Smith's gate; the gates were open when I tried to back the cart - the gateway is up the street; I went inside his shed, and saw a four wheeled van there - I should not think that is longer than our cart, not shafts and all; it is a longer van, but they are very narrow compared to a town cart.
JURY. Q. How did you get out of the alley with your cart? A. I backed it out all the way, because I could not turn it; Mr. Elston sent me to try it, by Smith's desire - Smith was with me, and saw me do it; I have been a carman eight or nine years, but only worked for Elston a few weeks.
JOHN ROBINSON. I did not turn the cart round; it was not so high up as the gate - I backed into Castle-place, and turned round.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am in Mr. Elston's employ. He had four carts in June, three large and one small; three are of the same size - I never measured them; Robinson used to drive one of the large ones; he always drove the same cart.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Are you in Elston's employ now? A. No - he is in health, and attends to his business.
MR. WILLIAMSON. Pedley was taken up on a charge of robbing me, on the 1st of July; I was robbed on the 30th of June.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



             re-examined. I pointed the gateway out to the officer; I did not see where the goods were carried into; my cart was within ten yards of the gateway - I remained by my horse.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When the persons took the parcelsout do you mean to say they took them to Smith's premises? A. I could did not tell where they took them.
JURY. Q. Did the men pass the gateway? A. No, nor did they go to it: there was no door between the cart and gateway; the men went out of my sight up the alley; they did not go to the gateway - they did not go towards the gateway; they went up the alley, away from it - I never saw Smith.
PEDLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
