



93. 



WILLIAM BOSTON GARDNER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of November, at 
St. George, Bloomsbury, 1 watch-chain, value 4l., deals, value 7l.; 1 watch-key, value 1l.; 2 lancet-cases, value 22s. 4 lancets, value 6s. brooches, value 2l.; 1 snap, value 7s. 1 paper-knife, value 2s. 1 writing-desk, value 2l.; 8 sovereigns; 1 £ 20 bank-note; 1£ 10 bank note; and 1 £5 bank-note; the goods and monies of 




James Bailey, in his dwelling-house.






JAMES BAILEY
. I am a surgoen, and live in King-street, in the parish of St. George, Bloomsbury. I rent the house—In October last I had a young man named Stewart in my employ, as errand-boy—he had been only a week in my service, and is fourteen or fifteen years old—he dd not sleep in my house—I have a shop which is closed by outside shutters—on Thursday, the 5th of November, I wanted to use my writing-desk, which used to stand in the parlour window, behind the shop, and it was missing—this was about ten o'clock, or half-past ten—I told Stewart what I wanted—I went to the station-house, and brought an officer—my desk contained the property stated in the indictment—the prisoner was never in my employ.





GEORGE COLLIER
. I am a policeman. On Thursday afternoon, on the 5th of November, I went with Stewart to No. 7, Kelso-place, Paddington, where the prisoner lodged—Stewart pointed it out to me—the prisoner was not at home—I went to Peter-street, Saffron-hill, and saw the prisoner—Stewart pointed him out to me, and he immediately ran into the Bull's Head public-house—I followed him, and found him seated there behind the bar-door—I told him I wanted him for robbing Mr. Bailey—he said he knew nothing at all about the robbery—I searched him, and found sixteen sovereigns in his watch-fob, 12s. 6d. in silver, and 1s. 3d. in copper, in his waistcoat pocket—I asked him if he knew the boy who was with me—he said he knew nothing at all about him—I then asked him how he became possessed of the property which I found on him—he said he had picked it up in the street that morning—I took him to the station-house, and as we went, he said it would be all goose with him this time—I have heard that phrase many a time, and understood him to mean he should be transported, and shortly after he told me he did not think Stewart knew so much of him as he did—he had said before, that he had never seen him—he had got on a new pair of shoes and stockings at the time, and a silk handkerchief—I asked him when he bought the shoes—he said about a week before—I apprehended two girls on suspicion of the same robbery, and when he was in the lock-up place he heard their voices, and hallooed out, "Eggy, is it you?"—she answered, "Yes, me and Flash Bet, nailed for your concern"—he then told them to keep it all dark, and not to come it, and he would get them turned up.



Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you not at first say she said it was me and Bet that was nailed for your concern? A. I meant flash bet—they had been taken up for the same robbery—there might have been a good many person in the cells, but I was not inside—there were other persons there—I have a slight recollection of Stewart before this transaction—the prisoner never said that Stewart took him the things to sell, and he sold them and shared the money—I did not find a £ 20 note on the prisoner—I only knew Stewart by sight—I searched the house where the prisoner lived, but found nothing—I searched Stewart—I understood he had no clothses but what he wore.





ROBERT STEWART
. I am fifteen years old. I went as errand-boy to the prosecutor—I remember taking down the shutters of my master's shop on Wednesday, the 4th of November, about seven o'clock in the morning—master had not come down then—I have known the priosner about three months—after taking down the shutters I went down stairs to take the last shutter down to the back kitchen—I was down there about four minutes, speaking to the servant—I came up again, and saw the prisoner going out of the shop door—I had forgotten to shut the shop door—he had something in his apron, and he shook it at me in his apron—I had seen the desk in master's parlour before—the prisoner went away, saying, Come to my house, and I will whack it with you, "meaning he would share it with me—he went away—I did not go to his house till next day, when I went with the policeman—the prisoner had showed me his house at Paddington—I had not missed my master's desk out of the parlour before my master spoke about it—I am sure of that—I went with the policeman to the prisoner's house—the prisoner went into the parlour door from the shop—there is a broken pane of glass—I had locked the parlour door, and he put his hand through and unlocked the door, and went in.

Cross-examined. Q. How long had you known where the prisoner lived? A. I knew him about three months—he showed me where he lived about four weeks ago—I cannot tell what became of the £20 or the £5 notes—I did not go to his house till I went with the policeman—I did not take the desk to his house—I did not know the meaning of whack it till the prisoner told me—I am not a pigeon-fancier—I have always lived with my father, and always slept in his house—I was in prison about three years ago, about some pigeons—I took the pigeons—I was in Clerkenwell gaol for three months—I was flogged twice—I was never at Brixton gaol, nor Horsemonger-lane—I know Mr. Fordham of Hatton-garden, and the prisoner was the cause of my robbing him—I was out with the truck—he and another boy came and persuaded me to run away, and leave the truck in the street—that was about four months ago—I have known the prisoner three months—my father was obliged to pay 35s. for me at that time—I never took any watches at Chelsea—I never heard of any being taken, or a reward offered for them—I have not boasted of robberies which I have committed—a little boy persuaded me to take the pigeons.





ANN KENCH CHAPMAN
. I am the prisoner's aunt—I live in New Church-street, Marylebone. I am not aware of his being in any business—his grandmother provide for him—he is very poor—he frequently asked her to buy him shoes—he had no money of his own—he appeared destitute, and had no means of getting sixteen sovereigns that I am aware of.





ELIZABETH WHATELY
. I know the prisoner's family—I remember his coming to his grandmother's on the 4th of November, and asking her for

a pair of shoes—he said he was in view of a situation—she did not give him any.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Life.

Second Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

