



743. 




CATHERINE MANCLARK
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
14th of February, 1 blanket, value 2s. 6d.; 2 pillows, value 5s.; 1 bed valance, value 2s. 6d.; 2 bottles, value 6d.; 3 pints of wine, value 6s. 6d.; 2 sovereigns, and 1 half-sovereign; the goods and monies of 



Frances Sparrow, her mistress.






FRANCES SPARROW
. I am single, and live in Exeter-street, Strand—I keep a lodging-house. The prisoner was in my service about two yean before last Christmas—she lived with me three months—I had occasion for her, on the 13th of February, as a char-woman, till my servant came from the country, which would be about a week—the next morning I missed two sovereigns and a half out of my purse from under my pillow—I had seen them secure when I went to bed—I think she took them when she made the bed—I missed three bottles of wine from the front room where I slept—I did not miss any more then—I gave the prisoner 3s. 6d., and sent her away on the Tuesday morning on suspicion—I knew she had got my money, as there was no one else in the room—I missed the blanket, and two pillows, and a bed valance on the evening after she was gone, and a great deal more, part of which is not found.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Have you the misfortune to have considerable change of lodgers? A. Very seldom—I let lodgings for ten minutes or twenty minutes, and so on, but I have regular lodgers in my boose—Mary Ann Linney is the servant who was gone away—she is my niece—the prisoner had chared for me before on the two first days of the year—I was quite sober when I went to bed on the night of the 13th—I never lock my door—I sleep in the front parlour—there were two ladies who lodge in the house, and a gentleman who slept with a lady in the first floor back, they sleep there three nights in every week—that lady went away in the morning—I missed two sovereigns and a half, and accused the prisoner of stealing it—I did not ask whether I had paid any money away—she had received money from customers that night—the house is very quiet and respectable—I cannot tell how much she had received from customers that night—she did not insist upon my sending for an officer, and having her searched—an officer was sent for after—she had abused me for two hours—I did not want her to undress in the presence of the officer—a woman came in when she heard her abusing me—she was searched, and there was a thimble found on her—I had seen these other things the day previous—when she

came into the house, I told her I had taken an inventory of every thing I had in the house—she never refused to take up some improper books to a gentleman—a gentleman came that night, and I went up stairs with him and staid about two minutes—I had to fetch a lady for the gentleman—I did not take up some books and other things to him, nor ask the prisoner to do so—such things are never used in my house—I gave her 3s. 6d. before I searched her—she wanted 6s. for a week's week's wages.





HENRY DENNIS
. I live in Russell-street, and am a tobacconist. The prisoner came to my shop on the 14th of February, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, with a bundle, and requested me to let her leave it there—she said she had just left a place, and it was so heavy she could not carry it further—she said she should call for it in a short time, and said there was 2l. 10s. in it—she said, "I will go and fetch my sister"—I asked her to show me the money—she would not—she came back between eight and nine o'clock in the evening—I wished her to look in the bundle before she left, to see that the money was there, but she refused—she went away, and returned in five minutes with a bundle not half the size, and put it down, and accused me of taking the money out.

Cross-examined. Q. How near are your premises to Mrs. Sparrow's? A. It is about three minutes' walk—I am not acquainted with Mrs. Sparrow—the prisoner did not say any thing about a person having desired her to leave it there till the evening—I told the Magistrate she said there was 2l. 10s.—this is my signature to this deposition—(read)—"She said there was money in it"—I keep the shop, and the whole house—the upper part of the house is disposed of to lodgers—I believe the landlady lives there—I cannot say exactly whether I mentioned the sum of 2l. 10s., to the Magistrate.

COURT. Q. Are you quite sure that she said it to you? A. Yes.





WILLIAM CLARK
 (police-constable F 129.) I produce two bottles of wine, one blanket, two pillows, and some valance of a bed, which I got from Dennis's shop—the prisoner said it was her mistress's property, the whole of it, and she was going to take it back to her.

Cross-examined. Q. Did she not say that some person who slept in the house got her to take these things to the tobacconist's? A. She said a woman gave them her to carry there—I was not the person who searched her at the house—I was not at Bow-street when she came for a warrant against her mistress for striking her—she was locked up at the station—I saw her at nine o'clock in the morning—she was brought to Bow-street for being drunk, and obstructing the footpath, and was detained till seven o'clock in the evening—I do not recollect her saying that she did not think she could find the woman that slept there—I did not say that I knew her, and thought I could find her—I know Mrs. Sparrow well—I have been on duty two years there.





FRANCES SPARROW
. These are my property.

Cross-examined. Q. What is your real name? A. I take the name of Clay when I go out of town, but I pay my way in the name of Sparrow—my father and mother gave me the name of Sparrow—that is my real name.
(MR. PAYNE
stated the prisoner's defence to be, that the bundle was gives to her by a woman who had slept in the house, and she did not know what it contained.)




GUILTY
.* Aged 43.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.


Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

