







374. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     TILLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of December

, 30 yards of ribbon, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Prall
                        



                     
                  ; and that the said Charlotte Tilley had been before convicted for felony
            ; and 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     WATTS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute, &c.


                  CHARLES 
                  GURR
               



            . I am shopman to Thomas Prall, linen-draper
, of Tottenham Court-road



. On the afternoon of the 5th of December I saw Walker and Tilley in the shop - they asked to look at some bonnet ribbons, which the apprentice showed them; I had some suspicion, but they bought a yard of ribbon and a roll of cotton: when they were gone I looked over the ribbons in the drawer which had been shown them - I missed some, and went after them: I found them further on in the road, in company with Watts and another person - they had joined them about twenty houses from my employer's, on the other side of the way; I followed them up the road, called an officer and gave them in charge - these two pieces of ribbon were found on Watts - they are my employer's - there are thirty yards.


                  CHARLES 
                  MUMFORD
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was at the corner of Charlotte-street, Fitzroy-square, on the 5th of December, between three and four o'clock - I took the prisoners and another person; I found the two pieces of ribbon in Watts's bosom - they were then a hundred and fifty yards from the prosecutor's shop, and out of sight of it - I heard Walker say at the station-house, "I took them."


                  MORRIS 
                  HYTHE
               



            . I was a Police-constable. I was present at the trial of Tilley, at the Surrey Session, in October last; I have a certificate of her conviction - (read) she is the person.
Walker's Defence. I went in to buy a yard of ribbon, but I took nothing out of the shop.
Watts put in a written Defence, stating that the other prisoners had given her the ribbon, but she did not know it was stolen.
WALKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
TILLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WATTS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
