



821. 




MICHAEL THOMPSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of March, 30 yards of ribbon, value 4s.; the goods of 



John Thomas.






JOHN THOMAS
. I am a linen-draper, and live in St. Martin's-lane. I concealed myself in my shop on the 2nd of March—the prisoner was in my shop—I heard him ask for a yard of ribbon—my youth, Richard Thomas, took out the drawer—he decided on one yard of black and white galloon—the youth then went to the top of the shop—he returned, and called me—I went from behind the door, and stopped the prisoner with this roll of ribbon—he said, "I bought it of the youth for 6d."—he said, "That is the 6d. on the counter"—the youth said, "No, he gave that for the galloon."

Prisoner. When I was in the shop, I took the ribbon out, and gave it you. Witness. Yes, you did, and you had laid the 6d. on the counter.

Prisoner. I was sent to the office, and was discharged—I then went for the 1s. 6d. that the officer took from me—he gave me that, and took me again. Witness. He was discharged on the Tuesday, and we went before the Grand Jury on the Wednesday—I had seen him at my shop before.





RICHARD THOMAS
. I am shop-boy to the prosecutor. The prisoner came and asked for some ribbon—I asked if he wanted that sort of galloon

—he said, "Yes"—I put the drawer before him, and served him with a yard of it—I went to the top of the shop for my scissors, and when I came back, I missed this piece of ribbon out of the drawer, which was on the counter—he was to have paid 1d. for the galloon—he put down a 6d. and went out pretty quickly—he did not take his change—my master called him—he turned back and said, "I gave the boy 6d. for the roll of ribbon"—he pulled it out of his pocket when my master said he had stolen it.

Prisoner. I said, "There is the 6d."—you was looking at the ribbons, and would not look at me at all—I was going to work the same night, at Mr. Jameson's, a hair-dresser, to carry a board out.




GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.
