





410. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of January
, 5 live pigs, value 20l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Irving
                        




                     
                  , and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .
MR. BODKIN conducted the Prosecution.


                  CHARLES 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am in the service of 
               
                  John 
                  Irving
               



            , Esq
. - he has a manor-farm, near Ashford


 - he had five pigs there on the 16th of January - I saw them safe at half-past five o'clock - they were fat - I knew them well, one was black, one spotted, and the other three were dark - the black one had two white legs - I had to sit up that night to watch a corpse in the church-yard - a waggon started that night about twelve o'clock from the farm to go to town - it passed me in the church-yard, and soon afterwards a onehorse cart passed with two men going from London - I hid myself behind the yew-tree in the church-yard, that they should not see me - it was very star-light - I took notice of the men who were in the cart, one was short and the other was taller - they went towards the farm - I followed them, but could not hear the cart then - I went back and waited till three o'clock in the morning - I then left the church-yard, and went in the direction the cart had gone - no other cart had passed in that time - when I had got about eighty yards I met a one-horse cart, and a man by the side of the horse's head - I knew it was the same horse and cart which had passed me before - I went up to the man, tapped him on the shoulder, and said, "My friend, whose cart is this?"- I asked him three times, but he gave me no reply - I then saw my master's pigs behind the cart, and another man with them - I asked the man with the cart whose pigs he had got - then he called out "Halloo!" and the other man 
               drew
             a short bludgeon from the side of his coat, and cut me on the side of my head - neither of them said anything to me before I was struck - they then both fell upon me, and beat me very much on the head and chest - a man named Leonard was with me, and I told him to go for assistance - I struggled with the men, and knocked one of them down, after they had knocked me down - they then said, "You have beat us to-night," and they ran off, leaving the horse and cart and pigs behind them - I afterwards went before the Justice at Staines, and there were three men there - he told me to look round and see if I knew either of the men - I saw the prisoner was one, and I pointed him out - I am quite sure he is one of the men who were with the cart - I was struggling with them for ten minutes - I took the horse and cart to the King's Head, at Ashford, and it was given to the officer.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you a stick? A. Yes; and I used it as well as I could - I knocked a man down two or three times - I did not tell the magistrate I knew the man by a hurt I gave him in the lip in the scuffle- I told him I might do that; by putting the stick in his face I might push the skin off - I did not say that was the sign I knew him by - I gave as a reason, that I pushed the stick in his face - I likewise know him by his face and his coat.
Q. Did you tell the magistrate that you knew him by his features? A. I told him I knew him perfectly well - I knew him by his dress - I told him that was the coat he had on that very night - he had not a jacket on, but a coat, either blue or dark, and he had a hat - I do not know what handkerchief he had - Mr. Irving has given me one of the pigs as a present - it is worth four guineas - I never had a present of a pig before.
MR. BODKIN. Q. How long were you laid up in consequence of the injury you received? A. Eight days - I am sure the prisoner is one of the men.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LATHAM
               



            . I am constable of Ashford - I was called at three or four o'clock that morning - I heard the cry of "Murder" - I ran to the spot - I saw a hat there, and five pigs in the ditch - I did not see the horse and cart there - I drove the pigs to the King's Head, where I found the witness all over blood - the horse and cart were there - I put them into a yard till daylight - there was no name on the cart - I then got in the cart and let the horse go where he liked - he came on from there to Hammersmith, stopped at the toll-bar till the man opened the gate, and then he went on again to a house in Fulham-fields, where he stopped - I did not go in, but I described that house to Trumper.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you go with Trumper? A. No; I might have gone in.
COURT. Q. What description did you give of the house? A. I said it was in Fulham-fields, and was rather by itself - it seemed to me to be a square house let in different tenements - it appeared to comprise four separate houses - there were several doors to it - I went round two sides of it - there were other houses within about fifty yards of it.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Which side of the way were the cottages? A. On the left - the yard was in front, and the horse wanted to go in there - we had come about fourteen miles.
- TRUMPER. I am constable of Fulham - I know the prisoner, he keeps a house in what is called Star-lane, Fulham-fields - there are some small cottages on the left hand.
Cross-examined. Q. Are there a number of cottages there? A. Yes; I should think ten or twelve - I am serving in my own right.


                  FRANCIS 
                  JOHN RICHES
               



             (police-constable S 54). I took the prisoner in Chelsea; I met him first by Queen's Elms; I had had him in custody before, and did not want to appear to know him, but he accosted me and said, "How are you?" I took him aside, and told him there was a warrant against him; he struck me and made a desperate resistance, but I got assistance and secured him.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you been in a public-house? A. Yes; we had, and drank - we have no order not to go into public-houses on such occasions - I treated him with a pint of half-and-half before I told him of the warrant.


                  CHARLES 
                  GEORGE VINCENT
               



            . I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office (read) - I was a constable at that time - I took the prisoner, and know he is the man.
Prisoner's Defence. The man has sworn falsely to me as true as there is a God over me in heaven.


                  SARAH 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I live in Noman's-land, Fulham-fields - my husband is a carpenter - I have known the prisoner twelve months - on the 16th of January I went to his house to play at cards - he was there - I did not leave till a quarter before one o'clock in the morning.
MR. BODKIN. Q. What is the prisoner? A. A carpenter - he never had a horse and cart to my knowledge, nor my husband either - I take in washing, the same as the prisoner's wife - I go to his house perhaps three or four times in a week to play at cards - I did not go to tea - I went about ten o'clock - I supped with him and his wife - we had some cold beef and some porter - we played at cards after supper - Joseph Cleaver, who is here, came to my house, he went to the prisoner's with me, and we all played at cards - I am sure it was on the night of the 16th I went, and on the morning of the 17th I came away - I heard no more till yesterday, when the prisoner's wife asked me to come here - there are four houses and a cottage close together - I have one of them, and pay rent and taxes - there are two yards there which a horse and cart could go down.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are there yards belonging to other houses? A. Yes, there are some cottages about fifty yards off - I never saw the prisoner with a horse and cart.
COURT. Q. Do you know the cart without a name on it? A. No, Sir - I had been washing about two hours that day - I left off about four o'clock in the afternoon - we played at All-fours - I did not win any money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
