



628. 




JAMES WILSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of Deccember,2 bags, value 2s.; and 5 pairs of boots, value 2l. 17s. 6d.; the goods of 



William Stevens.







JAMES ALEXANDER
. I am shopman to William Stevens, of Marylebone, a shoemaker. On Saturday, the 3rd of December, the prisoner came and asked for a pair of women's cloth lace-boots, which I showed him—he said he wanted some to be sent, and asked if we had any good Clarence boots that would fit him—he ordered them to be sent to Mr. Wilson's, No. 10, Great arlow-street—I agreed to go at ten minutes after nine o'clock—I went to the place, and took five pairs of Clarence boots, one pair of Wellingtons, and six pairs of women's cloth boots—I met the prisoner twenty yards from the shop—he said he was coining back for me—we went to the place, and knocked—the door was opened by a young woman—he went a step or two down stairs, and brought up a candle, and said, "Come on, I will try mine on first"—he went up stairs, and tried on the boots, and decided on one pair—he then said he would go and fit his wife and brother, whom he represented to be below stairs—he went down, and did not return—I am sure the prisoner is the man.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not, on the first examination, swear that I was dressed exactly as I am at present? A. No—I did not swear that, I met you close to the house, No. 10, Barlow-street—I stated you were about twenty yards from the shop—I did not say that any thing I could do, or any flaws 1 could make, I would to get you off.





JANE STEVENS
. I am the wife of Henry Stevens, a carpenter, of Great Barlow-street. On Saturday afternoon, about four o'clock, the prisoner came and took a back room on my second floor—he represented himself as a butcher—he returned about nine o'clock at night with Alexander, who brought some bags—they went up stairs, and in about ten minutes the prisoner came down, and asked me if he might leave the street door open, as he should be back in about ten minutes—I said, "Yes"—he went away, and did not return—I saw no more of him till he was in custody.

Prisoner. The witness Alexander has perjured himself—he sent word to me that any flaws he could make he would to get me off—I sent a person out to speak to him, and he said he would.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years. (There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
