



1884. 




SAMUEL GREENFIELD
 was indicted

for feloniously uttering a counterfeit half-crown, having been previously convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.


HON. MR. SCARLETT
and
MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






MR. CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Samuel Greenfield—I have com pared it with the original—it is a true copy—(read.)





EVAN DAVIS
. I am a policeman. I was present at the prisoner's trial in September 1834—he is the person who was tried and convicted.





MARY JOSTLING
. I am the wife of George Jostling, who keeps the Red Lion public-house, Basinghall-street. On the 24th of June, the prisoner came for half a pint of beer, and a pipe of tobacco—he gave me a half crown—I gave him 2s. 4 1/2 d. change, and he went away—I immediately discovered that it was bad, and ran to the door to see if I could see him, but he was out of sight—I put the half-crown into a desk by itself; separate from any other money, and afterwards gave it to the policeman—the prisoner came again on the 30th, he called for the same thing, and said "Here, mistress, fill my pipe that I may light it while you are drawing the beer"—I did so, and he went into the tap-room—I took him the beer there—he drank it, and threw me down a half-crown—I gave him the change with one hand, and said to him, "Hollo, what is this you have given me?"—he snatched the change and ran out—I ran after him, calling "Stop thief"—a policeman was passing and caught him in his arms, and I gave the policeman the half-crown directly—I recollected the prisoner to be the same man who had been before, instantly, on looking at him at the bar, but not when he first came in—I am certain he is the same man—I gave both the half-crowns to the policeman.

Prisoner. She put the half-crown into the till. Witness. No—I did

not, neither of them—I was very busy when he came in, and did not ob serve him at first.





JAMES MASTERS
. I am a policeman. On the 30th of June I was in London Wall, and heard a cry of "Stop thief," and the prisoner ran by me—I ran after him, and caught him, and brought him to the prosecutrix's house—she put two half-crowns on the counter—I took them up and gave one to a City officer who came in—I found 2s. 4 1/2 d. in the prisoner's hand.





WILLIAM BEERMAN
. I am a policeman—I was called into Mrs. Jostling's house, and Masters gave me a half-crown—I have kept it ever since.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am Inspector of counterfeit coin to Her Majesty's Mint—these half crowns are both counterfeit, and both produced from one mould—they are alike in all respects—they are Britannia-metal, and are tolerably well done—they are considerably lighter than silver.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

