



2187. 




JOHN TURNER
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Higgs, on the 
19th of July, at 
St.
Giles-in-the-Fields, and stealing therein, 1 kettle, value 10s.; 4 candle-sticks, value 4s.; 1 pair of boots, value 3s. 6d.;3 flat irons, value 1s.; and I snuffer tray, value 1s. 6d., his goods.







JOHN HIGGS
. I keep the Royal Oak public-house, in Great Earl-street, in the parish of St. Giles. On Friday morning, the 19th of July, soon after six o'clock, I went to my kitchen, and found two squares of glass taken out of the sky-light, which made a hole sufficient for a person of the prisoner's size to get in—in the middle of the kitchen was a table and two chairs, to reach up to get out at the sky-light—I missed a brass candlestick, a snuffer-tray, and all the articles stated—a person could get to the top of the kitchen by the houses at the back—the articles were safe at one o'clock that morning, and the sky-light whole—they were produced to me shortly afterwards by Duggins, and I gave them to the constable.





MICHAEL DUGGINS
. I live in Little Earl-street, and am a carman—my stables are at the back of Mr. Higgs's house. On Friday morning, the 19th of July, after six o'clock, I was in my chaff room, over the stable, and found tied up in a table-cloth, a pair of boots, a tea-kettle, and some brass candlesticks, which the prosecutor afterwards claimed—I delivered them to him.





EDWARD KELLY
. I am a labourer, and live in Neal's-yard, Seven Dials. On Friday morning, the 19th of July, I heard these things were missing—I knew the prisoner by his being about the place—on the 20th I was coming up Compton-street, and saw the prisoner—he said the police were after him—I was going to ask him what for, but he said it was for some candlesticks and things he had taken—he said, "I got in at the top, and dropped it—then I got the three candlesticks—I could not get out, and I got the table and chairs, and put there, and I cut myself;"—just as he said that, he saw the policeman, and ran away—I do not know how he came to tell me about it—I was coming along with another young man at the time.





LEWIS CURD
.(police-constable F 108.) In consequence of information, on Saturday, the 20th of July, I went in search of the prisoner—I saw him in Old Compton-street—he saw me, and ran away—I followed him, and gave information to a constable of the C Division, who handed him over to me in a very short time—I asked him how he got into the place—he said he got in legs first—I asked how he got out—he made no reply—there was a place on his chin which had been recently grazed, which might have been done with glass.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
*. Aged 14.—


Transported for Ten Years.
