



246. 




JOSEPH HAYDON
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas King, on the 
29th of November, at 
Harrow-on-the-Hill, and stealing therein 2 waistcoats, value 12s.; 1 jacket, value 20s.; 1 hat, value 8s.; and 1 pair of breeches, value 15s.; 3 knives, value 1s.; 1 razor, value 1s.; and 2 handkerchiefs, value 18d.; his goods.






THOMAS KING
. I occupy a house in the parish of Harrow-on-the-Hill, in Middlesex—I am a farmer's man. I left my house on Saturday, the 29th of November, at half-past five o'clock in the morning—the prisoner was taken that day, and brought to me where I work, about a quarter of a mile from my house, a little before twelve o'clock—I knew him before—he was a fanner's man, and belongs to the same parish as me, but he had no work, I believe—William Ball brought him to me—Ball's house and mine join together—it is all under the same roof, only there is a partition between—you go into the two houses by different doors—when he was brought to me he had all my property about him—my wearing apparel, and other articles—I had left my wife in the house—I had not gone home before the prisoner was brought to me—he had a velveteen jacket, two waistcoats, one with sleeves, and the other without, a pair of small clothes, a hat, three clasp knives, a razor, a little box, and two handkerchiefs—I had seen them all safe that morning before I went out—I knew them again perfectly well when I saw them—the prisoner had my hat on his head, and the other wearing apparel tied up in a shawl, belonging to the witness's mother, and the knives, razors, and other little things were in his pocket—the first word he said was, "Tom, forgive me, and I will never do so any more"—I had said nothing to him at all—I had not said he had better confess, nor had Ball, in my hearing—I shut the door when I went away, but my wife locked it.





SARAH KING
. I am the prosecutor's wife. On Saturday, the 29th of November, about half-past five o'clock, my husband left home—he left me

alone in the house—I went out about half-past seven o'clock, and locked the door—I left the key where I always do, in a shed just outside the house—it was covered up, and the windows were fastened—I did not return till after the house was broken open—I got home about half-past two o'clock—my husband had got home before me, but was not at home then—there was nobody in the house—I found the prisoner's hat in the cupboard, close against the fire-place—the house is only one room—I missed my husband's clothes.





WILLIAM BALL
. I live next door to King. On Saturday morning, the 29th of November, a little after ten o'clock, I saw the prisoner come through the field where I was at work, towards our houses—he had nothing with him that I could see—I said nothing to him—I saw him come back a little after eleven o'clock, with a bundle, the same way as he had gone—he had a new hat on—he was not more than two or three hundred yards from our house—he had a bundle tied up in a silk shawl belonging to my mother—I knew the shawl, and went and collared him—I asked what he had got there—he said, his own clothes—I told him they did not belong to him—he said, "They are yours; let me go"—I said I would not, and that I would take him away to King, for he had got his hat on his head—I knew it was King's hat—I took him to King—I neither said it would be better or worse for him if he did, or did not confess—I took him to King between eleven and twelve o'clock—we left the things in possession of James Rowe, the officer, who has them now.





JAMES ROWE
. I am constable of Harrow. I have the property, which was delivered to me in Ball's presence, and have had the care of it ever since—I took the prisoner into custody at Dunstable—he had escaped from the cage—I pursued him, and brought him back on the Wednesday following, to the magistrate at Edgeware.





THOMAS KING

re-examined. I returned to my house before my wife—the lock of my door was forced open by a mattock, which I found behind the door—I found the door on the latch when I went—the mattock belongs to Ball—there was a mark in the wood where the mattock was put to force it, and the staple of the lock was forced out of the post, and laid on the floor—a mattock is like a pick-axe—it can wrench the door open—Ball saw the mattock—I got back to my house about half-past twelve o'clock—I did not see the prisoner's hat in the house—I went with the prisoner to the cage—this property is mine—I have a particular mark on one of the waistcoats and jacket—I am rather lame in the right arm, and they are tucked up at the right arm—the property was all in my house that morning when I came away—the knives and razor were on a little box on the mantel-piece—the clothes were in the drawer—I know the hat by the mark in it—after the prisoner was taken, I wanted to get my hat from him, and asked what he had done with his own—he said he had left it at my house.





SARAH KING

re-examined. I know the property to be my husband's—the velveteen jacket and coat I know by these tucks, which I put in them myself—I had seen them in the drawer in the morning when I left home—I found a strange hat in the cupboard—I do not know that it was the prisoner's.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Littledale.

