





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
191. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th December
, 1 coat, value 3l., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Farmer
                        




                     
                  ; and that he, before the said felony was committed, to wit, at the delivery of the king's gaol of Newgate, holden for London, at Justice Hall, in the Old Bailey, on the 5th of July, by the name of 
                     

Solomon Emanuel

                  , was convicted of felony
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ATKINSON
               



            . I am a linen-draper, and live at No. 3, Aldgate; on the afternoon of the 17th of December I was in Fenchurch-street, and saw the prisoner take a great coat from the box of Captain Brown's carriage, and run away - I pursued him, and called "stop thief;" he threw down the coat, and was stopped in Fenchurch-buildings - I did not lose sight of him at all.


                  ARTHUR 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I was in Fenchurch-buildings on the afternoon of the 17th of December, and heard the cry of"stop thief" - I saw the prisoner running, and stopped him. I delivered him over to Plaistowe.


                  ROBERT 
                  FARMER
               



            . I am coachman
 to Captain 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brown
               



            ; on the 17th of December I was in Fenchurch-street


 - I had occasion to leave the box, and my boxcoat was taken from my seat - I have recovered it, it is my own property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARDELL PLAISTOWE
               



            . I am a constable of Aldgate-Ward; the prisoner was given into my custody - I have a certificate of his former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office - I was present in July, 1832, when he was tried and convicted by the name of 
               
                  Solomon 
                  Emanuel
               



             - I am sure he is the same person - I was present; he was tried for stealing some chair bottoms (read).
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing through Fenchurch-street on the 17th, and heard a cry of "stop thief" - I ran to see what was the matter, the same as others - I ran through the buildings; the gentleman took me into custody - I saw a man running before me very fast - I said, "Don't take me, I am not the thief" - I know no more of the charge than the child unborn.


                  THOMAS 
                  ATKINSON
               



            . I was close to the carriage, and saw him jump up on the side and take the coat - I never lost sight of him.


                  ARTHUR 
                  FREEMAN
               



             re-examined. I had been standing at my door for a quarter of an hour before, and nobody had gone up the buildings for five minutes or more - the prisoner was the first who was running.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
