






2937. 




WILLIAM CALVERT,



 WILLIAM PINE,



 JOHN PINE
, and 




JOHN BURKE
, were indicted for

 the wilful murder of 



William Aldridge.



MR. CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.





MARIA HUBBLE
. I keep the Navy Arms, at Deptford. On Sunday evening, the 29th of September, near six o'clock, the prisoner John Pine, and two other men, were in my tap-room—they came in from five to six o'clock, and called for a pot of ale—their conduct was very disorderly—they all came in together—they had one pot of ale—two out of the three were very disorderly, and Pine was one of them, in consequence of which I spoke to Stevens, the policeman—after speaking to Stevens, one of the men walked out very quietly—I requested them to go out, and so did my husband—the other two stopped ten minutes in the house, and behaved very disorderly—Pine was one of those—they then walked out, and what happened afterwards I do not know.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did Stevens refuse to come in when you applied to him? A. He did—there was no crowd or mob except the persons in our house—they were using bad language—the policeman might have got them out without further disturbance—they staid perhaps half-an-hour altogether—the police never come into our house—they tell me they are not allowed to do so—a great many of the "penny-bundle" people live about us.





GEORGE STEVENS
 (police-constable R 106.) On Sunday evening, the 29th of September, I was on duty in New King-street, Deptford—shortly before six o'clock Mrs. Hubble spoke to me—I refused to go into the house, and went up the street—when I was some distance from her house I heard a shouting noise—it sounded behind me, towards the Dock-yard gates—I went towards the place, and saw the prisoner John Pine wrestling with a man named Carey, opposite the Dock-yard gate, near the Navy Arms—there were several other persons there, but none connected with the disturbance—I went and asked them to go home—I addressed both of them—John Pine said he would see me d----first—I said if they did not go home I should be under the necessity of taking them to the station-house—they then commenced wrestling again, and shouting, and creating a great disturbance—Carey and Pine shouted—I did not hear any body else—they went on wrestling along the New-row—as they went along the number of people increased very much—when they got to Mr. Ody's railing there were about a hundred persons present—I went and asked them to go away quietly; if they would not I must take them to the station-house, but if they would I would not interfere with them—John Pine immediately struck me on the eye, and knocked off my hat—I immediately collared him—I said nothing to him when I did so—I had collared him about five minutes, when the deceased William Aldridge came to my assistance—during that five minutes I was attempting to get John Pine towards the station-house—I did not draw my staff at that time—Aldridge and myself both drew our staves together when he came to my assistance—John Pine was very violent, and trying to getaway from us—the persons round were very violent against me, trying to rescue the prisoner from roe, and struck John Pine twice on the arm with my staff—I did it in my own protection, in consequence of his violence towards me—he was striking and kicking me—I saw a man named Carey pull a rail off Mr. Ody's fence—Aldridge and I still continued to endeavour to get Pine towards the station-house—we got him as far as the toll-gate—the mob was increasing very rapid, and when we got to the toll-gate they were very violent indeed, throwing stones, and striking both me and Aldridge—at that time Buckmaster, another

constable, came up, and we all three endeavoured to get Pine towards the station-house—we could not succeed on account of the violence of the mob, and also of Pine, whom we had in custody—Baker, another policeman, then came up—in consequence of what the mob were doing we endeavoured to get Pine into the toll-house, but the mob placed their backs against the door of the toll-house, and swore, if we put him in, they would break the windows, and we were obliged to desist from the attempt—I did not hear Pine say any thing during this time—Aldridge and I lost our hats before we got to the toll-house—when we got to the toll-house, I heard Aldridge complain of his back, in consequence of a stone striking him on his back—the stones were still being thrown while we were there—after some time we succeeded in getting Pine as far as the Telegraph public-house—the mob were throwing stones, and shouting all the way—opposite the Telegraph I heard a stone strike Aldridge—I did not see it strike him—it appeared to strike him on the back of the head—he immediately loosened his prisoner, put his hand to his head, and exclaimed, "Oh, my poor head!" staggered a few yards, and fell—I still kept hold of John Pine—I did not observe him say any thing—I observed persons in the mob, and should know them again—I saw William Pine there—he was dose to the deceased when he fell—he was very active in the mob down to the toll-house, shouting and exciting the mob—I did not see him do any thing—I saw John Calvert there—I saw him about five minutes, not longer—that was just before we got to the toll-house—I saw the prisoner William Calvert at the toll-house—I did not see him afterwards—be was very active at the toll-house, exciting the mob, and shouting—I did not see him assault either of us.

COURT. Q. What distance was it from where you first took hold of John Pine up to the Telegraph public-house? A. About four hundred yards, as near as I can guess.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. You had John Pine in custody all this time up to the Telegraph public-house? A. Yes—none of us used more violence to him than was necessary to get him along.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you ordered not to go into houses where disturbances are complained of? A. Yes, unless any thing serious occurs in the house—we can tell whether that is the case or not from to person who comes out for assistance—our orders are not to go into public-houses where there is a complaint of disturbance, to see what it is—I did not bear any disturbance when I was first asked to go to Mrs. Hubble's—the shouting, and noise behind me was of the two men wrestling—I knew John Pine before, and knew where he lived—I do not know his occupation—a great many people about there get their living by selling and chopping wood—it is a very thickly populated place.

Q. Will you swear that the mob ever interfered at all either with you or any one of the police, till after you struck Pine? A. No, I cannot swear that—I cannot swear that they did not, nor that they did—I did not hit him very hard—I did not hit him as hard as I could—I did not I look at his arm after I struck him—the mob did not cry out shame when I struck him—they rushed in and tried to rescue him—at the time I struck him, I was on one side of him, and Aldridge on the other—he struck me before I struck him—before I collared him he struck me, and he struck me after he was in the hands of Aldridge and myself—I cannot swear that he did so before I struck him with the staff—I cannot swear whether

the mob interfered before I struck him on the arm—I believe John and William Pine are brothers—the prisoners had been drinking, but were not drunk—I did not tell Mrs. Hubble if she turned them out I would soon be after them—I told her if they came out and made a disturbance it was my duty to interfere—I cannot swear to the exact words—I did not say I would be after them—it was not long after I struck Pine that Carey pulled down the rail—I did not see him use it—William Pine was about two yards from the deceased when he fell—I was close to him—he was not within a foot of him when I saw him.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. What did Mrs. Hubble tell you? A. She said there were a number of men in her house using very abusive and obscene language towards her, and I believe her husband, and asked me to go in and turn them out, as they were very quarrelsome—I told her I was not authorised to go into the house to turn them out, unless any thing serious happened, but if she turned them out, and they made a disturbance out side, it was my duty to interfere—I put my staff into my pocket after I struck Pine—I saw the deceased draw his staff, but did not see him use it, nor did I see the other two constables use theirs.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did Mrs. Hubble complain that the men were riotous? A. No.





JOSEPH BUCKMASTER
. I am a policeman. I was on duty on the evening of the 29th of September—I went down to the toll-gate, and found Aldridge and Stevens there, with John Pine in custody—I should think there were about four or five hundred persons there—they were very violent, some were throwing stones at the police—I passed through the crowd, and got to the policemen, and took Pine by the collar—he was very violent—when I collared him he struck me with his fist—I secured his arm, and assisted Aldridge and Stevens in endeavouring to get him to the station-house through the crowd—at that time Aldridge was bleeding from the nose or mouth—we did not succeed in getting Pine through the crowd—we endeavoured to get him into the toll-house before that, but could not succeed, and then Baker came up—we then made another attempt to get Pine towards the station-house, and, with difficulty, we got him through the crowd—on our way towards the Telegraph public-house, the mob were stoning us, throwing a flinty sort of stone—some gas-pipes had been taken up, and there were flints lying on the road—before we got to the Telegraph public-house, I heard John Pine say, "Give me a knife, get your knives out, you b—s"—that was before Baker came to our assistance, when I took him by the arm—I believe that was addressed to the mob—it was spoken loud enough to be heard by them—opposite the Telegraph I heard something strike Aldridge on the head—I did not hear Pine say any thing before Aldridge was struck—he used a great deal of obscene language going along the road, calling us b—S, and bad names—he did so continually going along—it was in a loud voice—he resisted very much—when Aldridge was struck, he said something, put his hand to his head, sidled a few steps, and fell—we went on to the station-house with our prisoner—I saw William Pine when we were a the toll-gate—he was in the mob, violently obstructing us—he placed himself in a way that we should not pass along the road—some of mob locked their arms together at the toll-gate—I did not see any staff taken out or used by any of the policemen, not till we got into Highstreet, which is a long way beyond the Telegraph public-house—it was

when we procured more assistance, and they drew their staves to keep them off from us—I did not use my staff at all-some of the stones struck me.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You were in High-street, Deptford, when the information was given? A. Yes, about a quarter of a mile. from where I came up with Pine and Aldridge—there war a great crowd collected—I found that before I got up to Pine—It took me six or seven minutes to get to where Pine was-Aldridge was on one side of him and Stevens on the other-they both had hold of him—he struck me after I took him by the collar-Steven, had hold of him by the collar—he was struggling violently with him-Aldridge had hold of him by the left arm—Stevens hid not hold of him at the time he struck me—I collared him on the same side that Stevens was—I was struck in the breast—it was while Stevens had hold of him, that he said. "Give me a knife, take your knives out to the b----s."—those who were standing near, I should think, must have heard it—I did not see any knife taken out.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. At the time this exclamation was used, was there a noise? A. Yes, a great noise, and the stones were flying about—I took hold of Pine's collar, as it was the first place I could get at, I did so because he was violently resisting my brother constables—I caught hold of the collar of his jacket—he had no neckcloth, and he likewise excited the mob to stone us.

COURT. Q. What did he say? A. He said, Now pelt them"—that was after Baker came.

MR. BALLANTINE
Q. Was that said quite loud? A. Yes, those who were near might have heard it—I was in my uniform, and so were all the other officers.





GEORGE BAKER
. I am a policeman. On the evening of the 29th of September I went toward, the toll-house at Deptford—I found John Pine in custody of three officer.—a great number of persons were assem-bled-they were making a great disturbance, and calling out. Go it—they were grounding the prisoner, and attempting to rescue him—I went toward. John Pine, and heard him say, "There is another to b—coming, if I had my knife I would stick him"—the mob were throwing stone, at the time at Aldridge and the other Policemen—I got several blows. from stones one on the back of my head, and several besides—as we were going toward, the Telegraph public-house, John Pine struck Aldridge on the back part of the head with his fist—he was very obstinate and resolute, wanting to get away from us—opposite the Telegraph public-house I saw Burke throw a stone, which truck Aldridge on the back of the head—he threw it at him, and said, "There, you b----, how do you like that?"—I should say he was not more than a yard and a half from him at the time—Aldridge went on a short distance after that—after Burke struck him I heard another stone strike him on the head, and he said, Oh, my poor heard—he went on the left-hand aide of the road, and I saw no more of him—I had seen Burke kick Aldridge three or four tune, on the back at the toll house, and I saw William Pine strike him on the back of the head with his. fist, at the Telegraph public-house, before I heard the blow-Aldridge had no hat on when the stone struck him.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where did you come from? A. From High-street-it would not take me more than ten minutes to get up to the spot—I received a wound on the back part of my head, and

a kick inside the thigh—I seemed, after I got the blow on the head from the stone, as if I had been coming from the top of the houses—there was no blood—I should say it was about a quarter after seven o'clock when we got Pine to the station-house—there were three or four hundred people, and four policemen—Stevens, Buckmaster, and Aldridge had hold of Pine when I came up, and I took hold of him when I got up to him—I got through the mob—I was a long time before 1 could get to him—he called to the mob to throw stones, and he sometimes told them to be gentle, because the stones sometimes struck him as well as us—he told them not to hit him with the stones.





STEPHEN BROOKMAN
. I am a messenger in the Victualling-yard, Deptford, and live near the toll-gate. I went out of my house on the Sunday evening, when the mob was collected at the toll-gate—two policemen had John Pine in charge—the mob were pushing and calling the police a great many bad names—Pine called them" B----b----several of the mob called them the same, and some of them said "Give it to the b----"—they did not do any thing—at that time there were only two policemen there—two others came to their assistance afterwards, and they went to take him towards the toll-house to try to get him in—somebody in the toll-house shut the door, and somebody behind the toll-house put the shutters up to prevent the windows being broken—when they found they could not get him in they took him towards the station-house, up Broom fields—I followed them about two hundred yards, and saw a man fling a stone at one of the police—I do not know who that man was—it was before they got to the Telegraph public-house—I left the crowd before they reached the Telegraph public-house—the conduct of the mob was very bad, flinging stones at the police, and calling them every thing they could lay their tongues to—the police had great difficulty in getting their prisoner forward—he would not go, and if it had not been for the mob he would have gone better—I do not know which policeman it was the stone struck—it hit him on the left side of his head—John Pine conducted himself very badly—he would not go along—they told him it would be better for him if he would go quietly—he said he would see them b----first before he would go—the conduct of the police was very good towards him—I never saw either of them strike him all the time.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. At what part of the affray did you come up? A. Very near the toll-gate—I live four or five houses from the toll-gate.

COURT. Q. You say a stone struck a policeman on the left side of his head, had that policeman his hat on or off? A. Off—the man that flung was about three or four yards from the policemen—there were two policemen without their hats.





JAMES WOLVERTON
. I am a timber-dealer, and live in Broomfield-place, Deptford, directly opposite the toll-gate. I saw the mob from my window—I did not hear them say or see them do any thing—I saw the policemen with the prisoner in custody, and the mob were surrounding the policemen—I merely heard the noise of the mob, but I heard no particular words spoken—I consider the policemen behaved with very great forbearance.





SAMUEL HOLMES
. I live in Prospect-place, Lower-road, about fifty yards from the toll-house—I saw the mob in New-row, about fifty yards e for e it arrived at the toll-house—when I first saw it there were

about twenty or thirty persons, and only one policeman—I was attracted by a policeman running from the toll-house down the New-row—the other policeman had got John Pine in custody—he was using violent exertions to disengage himself from the policeman who had hold of his collar—I did not see either of the policemen strike him—after the two policemen had got him, the mob increased very materially—when they got to the toll-house they closed in on the policemen who had the man in custody, and, from their manner, I suppose were trying to rescue the prisoner, but the number of the mob prevented the people outside seeing what they were doing—there was a great deal of hooting and hissing, and shouting from the mob—I saw stones thrown in New-row, before they got to the toll-house—they were thrown by the mob surrounding the policemen, and evidently at the policemen—I went with the mob from where it first occurred up to the station-house—during that time the policemen conducted themselves with very great forbearance, from what I saw.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. If the policemen struck any body you would have seen them? A. They might have struck while the crowd was round without my seeing—I did not see enough of them to say whether they struck any body—I saw a great deal of them—I had a full view of them at first—I was there five or ten minutes, during which time no blows were struck—I was about twenty yards from the policemen, on the road, looking at them.





FRANCIS JOHN HALL
. I live on my property, and live in Broom fields, between the toll-house and the Telegraph public-house—I am one of the overseers of Deptford—I saw the mob and the policemen go by my house, with John Pine in custody—the conduct of the policemen was very forbearing indeed, and the mob were very riotous—I saw a policeman with his hat off.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How far were you, when you first saw them, from the place where the policemen had hold of Pine? A. The policemen had hold of Pine in nearly the centre of the road, and I was on the path—I should think I saw them for something less than twenty minutes—I did not see the policemen strike Pine—I did not see a staff in their hands, nor an attempt to draw one from their pockets—their conduct was very forbearing.





WILLIAM FRENCH
. I am the toll-gate keeper. I was at the toll-gate when the mob and policemen were there—the policemen conducted themselves very well indeed—I did not see them use any violence at all—the mob conducted themselves very bad indeed—I saw them insult the policemen, and trip them up a time or two, that is, trying to knock their heels up—I saw some stones thrown, but I was on duty, and was obliged to Mend to that—I saw the deceased struck several times—I saw some marks on his face, and his mouth appeared to have a very severe blow—I did not see any blood—my wife was inside the toll-house, and in the confusion, out of fear, she shut it up.





JAMES RICHARDS
. I am pot-boy at the Rodney Arms public-house, in New King-street, Deptford. I was on the footpath between the toll-gate and the Telegraph, when the mob were there, and the police were taking Pine to the station-house—I saw Aldridge, the policeman, there, and Calvert and John Pine, who they were taking prisoner—before they got to the Telegraph, there were stones flying from all parts, like hail-stones, at the policemen—I saw Calvert when the mob got near the Telegraph—he was

about two or three yards off—I heard him say, "Go it, give it him," and several persons behind hallooed out, "Give it to the b----without a hat"—Woolmer was in company with me, close at my right-hand side—Calvert was then about three yards from Aldridge—I knew Calvert before, by coming to the Rodney Arms public-house several times.





EDWARD WOOLMER
. I work at a wood-yard at Deptford, for me. Fletcher. I was in the road, between the toll-gate and the Telegraph, and saw the mob there—before they arrived at the Telegraph a great many stones were flying about in all parts, and the mob were saying, "Go it, give it to that b----without a hat"—I saw Aldridge without a hat—I saw stones thrown at him near the Telegraph—when I got just by the Telegraph I saw Calvert pick something up off the ground—I suppose it was a stone—I saw him deliver it out of his hand, and saw it strike the deceased under the right ear—he was about two yards from him at the time—on the stone striking him, I saw Aldridge stagger a few paces out of the road, and fall against a person's door—there were steps to the door.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you in company with Richards? A. Yes—I had been there about half an hour—I went from there into New King-street, not with the mob—I had been with the mob about half an hour, walking along.





THOMAS KING
. I am a baker, and live at Broom fields, Deptford, about twenty yards from the toll-gate. The toll-gate is rather between my house and the Telegraph—my house is at the corner—I saw John Pine in custody of the police, I was at Wolverton's gate, between the toll-gate and the Tele-graph—he was conducting himself in a very violent manner, and was kicking and fighting at the police—there were a great many persons assembled—I heard a man, named Brooks, say to Pine, "Go quietly, Johnny, and I will bail you out to-morrow"—he did not go quietly—I saw the deceased draw his staff, but he did not use it on account of the mob threatening him, I believe—I heard them threaten him—I went about fifty yards past the Telegraph—the police conducted themselves in the best possible manner—some of the mob were threatening the police, and some throwing stones—saw many stones thrown at the police—John Pine resisted very much after he left the toll-gate.

COURT. Q. Did you interfere with any of the mob who were throwing Stones? A. I spoke to one. lad who was throwing a stone; and while doing so, another person came up, and asked me, with a great oath, what? had to do with it—I said, "Nothing"—I was prevented from interfering further from what the man said.





JAMES HAIRSINE
. I am a policeman of the R division. I came up to the assistance of the other policemen, near the lower end of High-street—that was after they had passed the Telegraph—I saw the prisoners Burke and William Pine in the crowd, shouting, hissing, and making a noise—saw the Telegraph public-house about ten minutes before the affray began, and it was lighted up—there was a very strong light there—I could see any one in the middle of the road very well—it was gas-light.





CHARLES HAMPTON
. I am a miller, and live at Broom fields, Deptford—on the 29th of September, on the same side of the way as the Telegraph, and within two doors of it, I saw the police with somebody in custody as they went towards the Telegraph, I heard the mob say, "Kick him down, kick him down"—I observed Aldridge without his hat at time—he was leaning on the other policeman's shoulder, and just before he

got to the Telegraph, he left him and came and sat down at the door of my house, leaning his head down, and said, "Oh dear, my head!"—I was up stairs—I went down to him and found him sitting on the steps bleeding, with his hand on his head—his staff was in his pocket—I took him into my house—Mr. Downing, the police surgeon, was sent for, and saw him there—he was afterwards taken away on a stretcher.





BETSEY WHITE
. I was in Broomfield-place on this Sunday night—I saw Aldridge leave the mob when near the Telegraph—I did not see what happened to him before that—he reeled to our house and leant on the palings to support himself—he then sat on the steps of my daughter's (Mrs. Richardson's) house, where I was at the time—the street-door was open—his head did not knock the steps—he fell on the mat with his hand on his head—his head did not touch the steps—he was removed into the house—he was quite sensible from the time he came in till he went out—Mr. Downing visited him.





HANNAH RICHARDSON
. I am the daughter of the last witness. I saw Aldridge come out of the crowd—he came reeling up to our door, and fell with his hand on his head on the mat of our door—his bead did not strike the steps I am sure.





EDWARD DOWNING
. I am surgeon to the R division of police. I was oiled to see Aldridge at Mrs. Richardson's house on the 29th of September, between six and seven o'clock at night—at that time he was lying on the carpet down stairs—he complained of great pain behind the ear, and was bleeding slightly from the wound, which was about two inches behind the right ear—I dressed the wound, and he became faint—I gave him some brandy and water—I asked him whether he would go to the hospital—he said he would rather go home—he was taken home, which was about two miles or two miles and a half, on a stretcher—I saw him again at his own house at half-past three o'clock in the morning—he was sinking—he died about an hour and a half after I left him—I examined the body after death with two other surgeons, and I am of opinion that his death was caused by fracture of the internal plate of the skull—I opened the head—there was about three quarters of a pound of extravasated blood between the skull and the Duran mater-—I attribute his death to external jury from a blow—I think such a blow as would be inflicted by a stone.

COURT. Q. Was the skull thick or thin? A. Remarkably thin—there was a slight abrasion also on the left side of the head, and a contusion on the left eye, with ecchymosed.





WILLIAM PHIFPS
. I am a police-inspector. I saw William Aldridge dead—I went to the road between the toll house and Telegraph on the Tuesday morning following, and picked up some stones, which I have here—(producing some)—these are the sort of stones which were laying there—the road had been broken up to lay down gas-pipes, and there were a quantity of stones—the Telegraph is in the parish of St. Paul, Deptford.

CALVERT—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

J. PINE—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.

W. PINE 

GUILTY
. Aged 20

BURKE—

GUILTY
. Aged 21





Confined Two Years.
Of Manslaughter only.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant..
