






1501. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     KING
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     PRICE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, 1 reticule, value 2l., and 1 pair of spectacles, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza Morse 
                           Absalom
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  MORSE ABSALOM
               



            . I am a widow
. On the 14th of July, at near ten o'clock at night, I was just entering Derby-court


, which leads from Jermyn-street to Piccadilly, and a person snatched at my reticule, which had a pair of spectacles and a case in it - the chain was broken in three pieces; I had observed three persons following me from St. Dunstan's church - I saw them by their shadow; I was hustled as I passed the parties - one of them begged my pardon, and as I was going into this court one of them snatched my bag; I screamed out, and one of the persons came before me and attempted to prevent me from following the persons - I had seen King as I cameout of a jeweller's shop, near St. Dunstan's church, and the reticule was found on him.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Had you ever seen King before? A. No - I cannot tell who snatched it; it was at the Jermyn-street end of the court - I saw the reticule in about a minute; there were several persons there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I saw three men walking up Jermyn-street, following this lady; the prisoners were two of them - King took the reticule; he was followed and taken in Piccadilly - two men stopped me and my shopmate in attempting to follow him, but my shopmate got up, and assisted the officer in taking him; Price put out his hands to attempt to prevent us from following - they were all three together when the reticule was taken.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. Had you ever seen these persons before? A. I had seen Price at the Seven-dials a week or six days previous to the robbery - he was taken in Bartholomew-fair, about the 3rd or 4th of September.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. What are you? A. A book-binder, and was returning from work - it was between nine and ten o'clock at night; it was dark - I was about the length of this Court before the prosecutrix; there was a third person, the lady, myself, and my shopmate there - I did not notice any other persons; the prosecutrix and prisoners were coming up facing us - we had not followed them; I might have seen King more than once - I went to take the prisecutrix to the watch-house.


                  ELIZA 
                  MORSE ABSALOM
               



            . A person did assist me - I cannot say who it was.


                  THOMAS 
                  HEMBROUGH
               



            . I was coming down Jermyn-street - I saw King snatch the reticule from the prosecutrix; there were two persons with him - one was a tall man; as soon as he snatched it I ran down to the place, and for a second or two I lost sight of him; he went behind a coach, and the officer caught him - I got up and assisted; Ellis said he knew the other by the name of Dick, the tailor.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. You were with Ellis? A. Yes - I had not an opportunity of seeing Price; I ran after King - I had seen the prisoners behind the prosecutrix, and two of them came in front of her; I had seen them half a minute before - it was close to a gas-light; I could have seen them if I had looked at their faces - I heard the officer say he took Price at Bartholomew-fair.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELLIS
               



             re-examined. Q. Had you been summoned to appear against Price? A. No - I can swear to his person and his face; I had not known him before - I have heard the officer call Price Dick, the tailor; I had no knowledge of him till that night - he and the other man made their escape then.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. Did you not state you had seen him once before? A. No, I meant King; it was done instantaneously, but I can swear to him.


                  THOMAS 
                  HEMBROUGH
               



             re-examined. I am a fellow-workman of Ellis', at Mr. Scrips' - he was in his employ that day; Ellis used the words, Dick, the tailor, that night - he has sworn falsely now; when we secured King, Ellis said one of the others was called Dick, the tailor - I had not known either of the prisoners before; I will not swear to them - I had lost sight of King for a second.


                  JESSE 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I saw the three persons follow the lady from Fleet-street to Jermyn-street - they followed her quite close; I heard her cry out, "I have lost my reticule" - I turned up the court, and saw King in Piccadilly, with this reticule under his coat; I took out my staff, said I was an officer, and he must surrender - he resisted violently, but was taken with the assistance of one of the witnesses.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. Were there three persons together? A. Yes - I am a constable of St. Ann, Westminster; I did not see it taken - it was dark; King ran between the coaches, and was putting this under his coat - I met him on the pavement; he was then walking - he had the reticule when I took hold of his collar; he threw it down - I took it up, and kept it till I got assistance; I took it to the watch-house, where the lady claimed it - it has been in my possession ever since; I took Price in Bartholomew-fair - I knew him before.
King's Defence. I have a younger brother, named Henry 
               
                  Isaac 
                  King
               



             - he goes three times a week to Piccadilly, and on Sunday afternoon I go to meet him; I had met him at the top of Church-passage on the Monday before, and appointed to meet him on the Wednesday - I went, and waited till near ten o'clock; he did not come - I went home, and went towards Derby-court; a man ran out, pushed by me, and ran across the road - I went across, and kicked against this reticule between the coaches, and the officer took me into custody; I never saw Price before.
Price's Defence. I know nothing of the robbery; does it stand to reason, that a young man, like me, could stop three men, as the witness states? I know nothing of King.


                  JESSE 
                  PHILLIPS
               



             re-examined. Q. Did either of the witnesses give you any account of the prisoner Price? A. Yes, Hembrough said his shopmate knew one of the others, who was called Dick, the tailor.
KING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
PRICE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
