





39. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  KEMP
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of November
, 1 watch, value 18l., and 1 ring, value 7l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Collins
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I live in Piccadilly, and am a jeweller
. On the 5th of November the prisoner, who was a stranger, came to my shop, and said he wanted some cards similar to one I had in the window; it was a dinner-ticket, engraved in the usual way, "Request the honour of company to dinner;" he desired to have one hundred of them struck off - I asked in what name; he said the Honourable Charles Kemp, Raggett's-hotel, Davies-street


; he produced a card of the hotel, which he told me to copy, and to return to him, which I did - he then said, "You deal in jewellery;" I said Yes - he said, "Will you have the goodness to let me see those diamond rings in the window?" I showed them to him - he put the diamond to his tongue, and said that was the test they had in China, and if it would feel cold as long as he could hold it to his tongue, it was a diamond, if not it was only imitation; I said,"Does this one answer the test?" he said Yes - he then asked for a piece of glass to try it on, and said it was a good one; he then said, "I have not time to stay this morning, but if you will bring this and two or three others up to Raggett's hotel, I will look at them," and smelling by his breath that he was a smoker, I produced a case to him; he looked at it, and said, "If we do any business together I shall expect you to give me this," and then recollecting himself, he said, "Have you any gold pen and pencil-holders?" I showed him some, but they were not good enough for him, and I was to take him some others, and be at the hotel at six o'clock; I went out, returned home at six, and scarcely had I got home, when the prisoner opened the door, and asked if I was at home - I said Yes; he said, "I have a call to make, make it five or ten minutes later:" I went to the hotel, and found him there, attended by his hair-dresser - he begged I would not feel any disappointment, and said he would soon dismiss his peruquier; he soon came out, and said, "Now, Sir, to business, pray take a chair;" I took a chair, and sat down by his side, at a table which was covered for dinner, on which was a great quantity of plate - he then took a pencil-case and a diamond ring, and agreed for them at a price; when he was at my shop, he asked if I had any ladies gold chains, and as I had three ladies' gold watches, I took them in my pocket, and showed them to him - he looked at them, took up the best of them, said that would do, and he wished to have a watch and a chain for himself - he then said, "I have two Trichinopoly gold chains in the next room, which I should like to exchange with you," and with my ring on his finger, and the watch in his hand, he went to the door of the room; he then said, "Shall I bring one or two?" I said, "Bring them both;" he went away, and I never saw him again - the waiter came into the room, and I said, "Where is Mr. Kemp?" he said, "I think I saw him go out;" I did not see the prisoner again till the 13th of November, when I was sent for to Tetsall's hotel, in the Adelphi - I said, "Well, Mr. Kemp, where is my watch and diamond ring?" he made no answer: I said,"Are they pawned?" he gave no answer, but he afterwards said they were, and he gave me an address, which I wrote down; he said, "Mr. Collins, my life is at your mercy, will you prosecute me?" I do not know whether I made him any promise or threat - he produced the duplicates from his fob.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Was that in the presence of Mr. Tetsall? A. He was present part of the time; I did notmake him any promise before he said that the articles had been pawned; he did not order the gold watch - I had taken all the property from my pocket, and put it on the table.


                  EDWARD 
                  WOODS
               



            . I live with a pawnbroker. I took in this watch from the prisoner on the 7th of November - he had been in the shop before.


                  THOMAS 
                  BIRKET
               



            . I am in the service of a pawnbroker. I have a ring, pawned on the 9th of November, by the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I have but just returned to England, and got acquainted with a set of gamesters - I have lost a considerable sum of money; I had no intention to defraud the prosecutor; I told him to bring me a pencil-case to look at, and he brought a great deal more property - I could have taken a great deal of him; I had a gaming debt to pay that evening, and I thought if I could get a little money I should be able to redeem them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
