





1526. 




THOMAS WICKINGTON
 and 




MARK OSBORN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of May, 1 watch value 3l.; 1 watch-chain, value 2s.; and 1 watch-key. value 1s.; the goods of 



Aaron Monday, from his person.






AARON MONDAY
. I am a journeyman millwright, and live at Mr. Wheeler's, at Stanwell Moor Mill. On the 12th of May, about ten Minutes to one o'clock, I laid down in Stanwell-Moor-lane to rest myself, after I had had my dinner—I did not go to sleep—when I had been there a few minutes, the prisoner Wickington came up and drew my watch out of my left-hand waistcoat pocket—I am sure of it—I looked round, and saw him put it into his left-hand trowsers pocket—there was no one else present—I directly jumped up, and charged him with stealing my watch—he said he had not—he called out, and Osborn with two other young men, and four young women, came round us—I saw Wickington take the watch out of his left-hand trowsers pocket, and give it to Osborn—they directly all went off together—I followed them a little way, till one of the girls threatened me, and then I turned back to the mill—I did not know any of them before—I immediately gave information to the constable—we went to see for them, but could not find them—I went to the mill to work that night, and on the Friday night I had a description of the two prisoners—I went to one constable, but he was not at home—I got another constable, and we went to the Three Tuns, and from there to the little Anchor—I saw the two prisoners there together—I collared Wickington, and said, "You are the man I want."

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it at noon-day this happened? A. Yes, at ten minutes to one o'clock—I have always said I was awake—I said so before the Magistrate—my arms were over my eyes—I should say my eyes were shut—I did not see Wickington come and to me—if I had I would have prevented him—I did not feel his hand go to my pocket—I felt the watch drawn out—I swear I was awake—he drew my watch out quickly—I jumped up, and he called the other—these are trees all along one side of the lane—I was working a short distance from there—my wife brought my dinner to me; and after I ate it I laid down—one Mr. Williams was working with me at the mill—there was the foreman and my young master at the mill, and there is a boy employed there—he was not at work with with me that day—we have all got our places.





ROBERT GEORGE HULL
. I am servant to Mr. Thomas Wheeler, the miller. I was in that lane, and saw the prisoners go by me a little before the time that the prosecutor lost his watch, as I was gong to dinner—Wickington had a bundle under his arm, and had four girls with him—there was no other person with them, but Osborn came up with another man in a green jacket, who was smoking a short pipe—I know the prosecutor had a silver watch.





THOMAS RICHARDS
. I am constable of Staines, This lane leads from Stanwell in Middlesex—I went on the Friday night to the Three Tuns, which is a noted place for those sort of persons—I could not find the prisoner there—I went over to the Little Anchor—the prosecutor saw the prisoners there—I took charge to them—I found nothing on them but 2s. and a knife.

WICKINGTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fourteen years.

OSBORN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21—


Transported for Seven Years.
