





640. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of February
, 4 pairs of shoes, value 12s.; 1 pair of gaiters, value 2s.; 4 brushes, value 5s.; 1 shirt, value 6s.; 1 waistcoat, value 2s., and 1 carpet bag, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Cooper
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  READ
               



            . I am a hackney-coachman. I was on the stand, in Southampton-row, on the 11th of February, about six o'clock in the evening - the waterman told me to go to No. 23, Devonshire-street


; I went to the street- I got about three-parts of the way down, and, as I could not see very well, I asked a little boy what number that house was - he looked up, and said 22; I said, "Then it is next door I have to go;" the prisoner then looked up, and said, "Here you are, coachee;" I saw a young girl near him - she unlocked the door and went in, and he went in with her; I was sitting on my box - as I thought the prisoner belonged to the house, I need not get down, as it was very cold - I then saw the prisoner come out of the house with a carpet bag, which I thought he was going to put into the coach, but instead of that he went up the street, and turned down Boswell-court; I was sitting with my cloth round my knees, and in a minute I heard a lady sing out, "Mary, who is that you have left in the passage with the luggage?" she said, "Only the coachman's man, Ma'am;" then down I jumped, and went after the prisoner; I found him about half-way up the court, with the bag, but having my leggings on I could not run so fast as he could; I cried Stop thief! and he was stopped - I took hold of him, and brought him back; I asked what he was going to do with that - he said because he wanted it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I lodged in that house. I sent the servant for the coach; when I came down, I heard a man had taken my carpet bag, which contained this property.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been out of work a long time, and did not know what to do.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
