





1139. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WARDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of April
, 17 loaves of bread, value 6s.; 1 basket, value 5s., and 1 piece of baize, value 1d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Wyman
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BLAND
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. 
               
                  David 
                  Wyman
               



            , a baker
, who lives in Crawford-street. On the 14th of April I was out with two baskets of bread, in Park-street, Grosvenor-square


 - I left them for a few minutes, and when I returned, the large basket, and the bread which it had contained, was gone; I had seen the prisoner loitering about before - I looked for him, and found him in a shop in St. Giles', where he was taking the bread out of the basket and putting it on the counter, in a kind of chandler's shop; I went in, and accused him of stealing my basket and bread - he turned round, rushed out, and knocked my hat off; I followed him, and took him by the collar - we both fell down; he got up and ran away - I ran after him, and a great many people pursued. but they would not stop him; they got before me, and stopped me - he turned down George-street, and the Policeman stopped him.


                  RICHARD 
                  LANGLEY
               



            . I keep a chandler's shop. The prisoner came in between one and two o'clock, as I was serving three customers - I had never seen him before; he put the basket down, and sat down on it - when I had served my customers, I asked if it was cheap bread, (I sell stale and damaged bread), and while he was taking it out, the witness came in and claimed the bread; he ran out, they had a struggle, and fell down - I went out as soon as I could get round.
Prisoner. I was going past, another man and you came and asked me if I had any bread. Witness. No -I was serving some potatoes at the time; I did not buy the bread, neither should I, for I examined it, and found no fault with it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
