





371. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SERJEANT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, 1 coat, value 5s.; 1 pair of spurs, value 2s.; 1 pistol, value 2s., and 1 cape, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     White
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MANSFIELD
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On the 2nd of December I saw the prisoner driving a cab on the Hampstead-road; some persons were running after him- I followed, and discovered the number of his cab; I found him the same night in Southampton-mews - I took him into custody, and told him it was on suspicion of robbing Dr. White; he said, "I suppose it is about my false character, which they cannot give me above three months for;" in going along he said a man gave him 5s. to get into Dr. White's, who was called the Old Captain - he told me where he lived; I went there, and found a box, which he gave me the key of - I took out of it this cape, and pair of spurs, and pistol - I took this coat off his back when he was before the Magistrate.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARWICK
               



            . The prisoner was a fellow-servant
 of mine: I was five years and nine months in the service of Dr
. White - I left his service on the 17th of October, and the prisoner left the same day. These are Dr. White's spurs - this pistol is his; I know it by the lock being off - he had a pistol in the same state, without the lock, and of this size and appearance; I do not know this coat.


                  JOHN 
                  PURYER
               



            . I am a gardener to Dr. White; I was in his service when the prisoner was footman there. I saw a livery-coat on the prisoner's arm the morning he left - he had been there but a very short time, so that the coat belonged to Dr. White; I cannot say whether this is the coat or not, as it has been so ill-used, but I can swear to the cape, as there are some white threads about it which it has been mended with - it had been in the coach-house.
JURY. Q. Did the man who proceded the prisoner wear that coat? A. I believe he did; the prisoner was not there above six or seven weeks - he went on trial, and did not suit; he was not regularly engaged.
Prisoner. Q. Can you swear I was not engaged, and did not wear that coat? A. I do not recollect seeing you wear it - I do not recollect seeing you on the box of the carriage.
Prisoner's Defence. I was engaged there; my mistress told me to wear this coat, which was an old one, for a littletime, and when I had my livery I was to have a new one: I was discharged at a minute's notice, with the coachman and cook; the pistol and spurs were in my box by accident- I heard that my mistress wanted to see me when I was up that way, but as I had my cab with me I thought I would return to London with that; my mistress saw me, and said she would give me in charge; I was hurrying back to leave my cab, but the officer pursued, and took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
