






1559. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     ROBERTSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     MILTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of June
, 26 yards of ribbon, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George Drake 
                  Sewell
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cross
                  



               
            ; and that Ann Milton had before been convicted of felony.


                  JOHANNA 
                  DAY
               



            . I am an assistant to Messrs. 
               
                  George 
                  Drake
               



             Sewell and Thomas Cross, haberdashers

, of Old Compton-street


. On the 1st of June the two prisoners came and asked me for some bonnet ribbons - I showed them some, but they did not like them; I then produced a basket of ribbons - they chose one, and told me to cut off two yards, which came to 6d.; they had but 51/2d. between them - they told me to put the money and the ribbon by, and they would call again for it; they then went out, and a young man went after them, but I did not know what for - I have since seen two pieces of ribbons, which are part of what had been in the basket; the shop-mark is on them - I had not sold either of them to the prisoners.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q.How long was it before you saw them? A. Not an hour; there were some other customers in the shop; there might have been forty- I believe there were persons on the opposite side of the shop.


                  HENRY 
                  TOMLINSON POOLE
               



            . I am shopman to the prosecutors. I saw Robertson lay the corner of her shawl on the counter, where I saw a piece of pearl-white ribbon; she then drew her shawl off the counter, and I missed the ribbon at the same time - the prisoners then went out; I followed them out of the door - I there took hold of Robertson, and said she must come back; I did not charge her with any thing at that time - this piece of pearl-white ribbon was picked up in the kennel, about a yard from where she was; I then took hold of Milton, and this piece of green ribbon fell from under her arm - I saw the end of it under her arm, and the roll fell on the pavement; these ribbons have our shop-marks on them - I took the prisonersto the passage, and Robertson went down on her knees; I think it was about twelve yards from the door that the green ribbon fell down.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not go into the street, and charge them with having taken the ribbon? A.No; Robertson did not throw open her shawl, and say, "I have no property of yours;" I am certain of that - I did not ask her for the length of white ribbon; I am not aware that I swore that before the Magistrate - this is my signature; I believe this deposition was read over to me, but it is not correctly taken - it is a very bad systemed office; Milton was about three yards from the door when the end of the ribbon was under her arm, and the roll in the street - the end of the shawl covered the pearl ribbon; it might fall on the counter, and be over the goods - Miss Day was directly before them.
COURT. Q.When the ribbon was picked up a yard from Robertson, was Milton as near to it as she was? A. No - if it had been swept down by the shawl it would have fallen in the shop, and it was picked up two yards out of the shop; the ribbon was taken up in their presence, and given to me before they were taken to the watch-house.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am an officer. I know Milton, the prisoner; I was present when she was tried in this Court in September, 1829 - I have a certificate of her conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office; I know she is the person - (read).
ROBERTSON - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
Recommended to Mercy by the Jury. - 


               Confined 3 Months
            .
MILTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
