







1513. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     MULLINS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RICHARDS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     WILSON
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of June
, 1 shirt, value 4s.; 1 pair of hose, value 1s.; 2 cravats, value 2s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 4s.; 1 collar, value 9d., and 1 pocket, value 3d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Howells
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  HOWELLS
               



            . I am the wife of John Howells - we live at Pimlico


. On Thursday, the 26th of June, I went out at six o'clock in the evening - I shut the door, but did not lock it; two females lodge in the house - I returned at half-past nine, and missed this property, before I went to bed - the prisoners are strangers to me.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WILKINS
               



            . I am an officer. I heard of this transaction, and went to No. 12, Perkins'-rents, Westminster, on Saturday morning, the 25th, about half-past ten o'clock; the prisoners all occupy one room there, and live together - Mullins was at home; I searched a box there, and turned out a handkerchief - she said that was hers; I said, "Well, if it is, you shall have it;" I gave it her, and she put it in her bosom - I went on searching the place, and then took her to the watch-house; I found a cravat, a lace collar, and a shirt in the room, and a pair of stockings and a pocket in a box; I fetched Howells, who claimedthe handkerchief, which I afterwards took from her bosom; I found Wilson in St. Giles', brought him to the watch-house, and one cravat was round his neck.


                  ROBERT 
                  GOOSE
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended Richards, and on his neck found a silk handkerchief, which the prosecutrix claimed.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Wilson's Defence. On the 25th of June I left my father's house - I called on a young man to go to bathe; I saw the handkerchief laying on his chair - I asked him to lend me something to wipe myself with, and when I came out of the water he lent me this handkerchief; I was going to return it when the Policeman took me - as soon as the young man heard I was in custody he absconded, and the woman who lived with him.
Mullins' Defence. The room did not belong to me; I went up when the Policeman was there, and seeing him taking the young man's things, I said, "Don't take my property away;" I did not know but it was the young man's till I got to the watch-house - I do not live with him.
Richards' Defence. I was in Tothill-fields, and met a man, who asked me to lend him 2d. - I pulled out a sixpence to get change; he said he would sell me the cravat for 6d., as he wanted 6d. to get his breakfast.
MULLINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
RICHARDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
