





Before Mr. Justice Park.
361. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BUCKINGHAM
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 14th of January
, at Hornsey, 1 sheep, value 26s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sebastian 
                     Gerrard
                  




               
            .
2d. COUNT. For killing the said sheep, with intent to steal the carcase.
Messrs. BODKIN and DOANE conducted the Prosecution.


                  DANIEL 
                  MAY
               



            . I am a watchman - on the 14th of January, I was on duty, near the Wrestlers public-house, at Highgate, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening - I observed a man, who is not in custody, named 
               
                  William 
                  Miller
               



            , whom I knew before, coming out of Dutton's-alley; he bade me good night, and went on - that alley leads from Mr. Gerrard's premises, which are on Highgate-common


, just at the right of the Archway-road - about a minute afterwards, I saw the prisoner come up the same alley - I could see he had something under his arm like a sack or bag - I immediately followed him, and asked what he had got there - he said, he had not got anything - I told him he had got something, and must consider himself as a prisoner, and go with me to the watch-house - I have known him ten or twelve years - I knew them both before - I took him to the watch-house - we passed the Castle in the way; and opposite the Castle he made a stop - I said, "None of your nonsense, but walk along quietly;" and then he did so - when I got to the watch-house, I examined the contents of the bag, and found half of a dead sheep - the two fore quarters - I examined his pockets, and found in one pocket the head and pluck of a dead sheep, and in the other pocket a great deal of fat; and, in a third pocket, I found a cord, two snares, a knife, and seven pence in money - Watling, a watchman, was present at the watch-house - he is not here - the parts of the sheep I found on him were quite hot - he said, what was in the bag was all right, that he had found it, and Billy Miller knew all about it, for he had also picked up a bag, and that Miller had got the other part - I had not observed whether Miller had anything or not - the night was very dark - I made inquiry, and went to Mr. Gerrard's house, and saw Winterborn, his shepherd - I went with him to the field near Mr. Gerrard's house - that was on the same night - we found five sheep there - I found nothing else that night - I went early next morning with Winterborn to the same field, as soon as it was light, about seven o'clock - I found nothing there - we went to a wood, about a quarter of a mile off, and about fifty yards from the entrance of the wood we found a sheep's skin, which I have here - the entrails of a sheep was rolled up in it - I then brought the skin to the watch-house, and compared it with the head which the prisoner had in his possession - he was not present - my opinion was that the skin belonged to that head - Winterborn was present - part of the head was skinned.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who was with you the night before, and is not here now? A. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Watling
               



             was at the watch-house, at the time I searched the prisoner, not when I stopped him - it was a dark night.
Q. What part of the head was skinned? A. The wool was all down the cheek, but about the neck the skin was partly off, and the place where it was off fitted the skin - it is my opinion, it belongs to that head - I am not a butcher- 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Atkins
               



            , a butcher, saw it - he is not here - I am a labourer - I am not accustomed to kill sheep - I never had any quarrel with the prisoner in my life - I was never accused of having committed a depredation at his mother's garden; if I was, it was unknown to me - I never made any remuneration to his mother, or him, or to anybody - I never had any difference with him, or his mother - they used to live opposite the Castle, two or three years ago, or perhaps not so much - I never gave him anything to drink after this transaction - I was never in any public-house with him.
COURT. Q. What hat or cap had the prisoner on? A. A glazed hat, like a sailor's hat.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WINTERBORN
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Gerrard, of Hornsey, and look after his sheep - May came to me on the night of the 14th of January, and Watling with him - in consequence of what he said, I went with him to the field where master's sheep are kept - I had seen the sheep a quarter before four that evening - there were six sheep then - the field was fenced round - when I went with May, which was just at ten o'clock, I found only five - on the following morning early, I accompained May to search in the neighbourhood of the field, and saw a sheep-skin and entrails; I did not see it found, but I was in the wood at the time, and saw the skin and entrails in possession of Watling; May was there; Master's sheep were marked with a stroke of ochre right across the loins; they were all marked alike; this was a wether - I examined the skin at the watch-house, but not till I got there, I then found the ochre mark across the loins; I am quite sure it was the skin of my master's sheep - a sheep's head was produced at the watch-house; I saw it fitted to the skin; it appeared to correspond; it fitted quite as if I had taken the knife and done it myself; the end of the skin was cut with a knife, but not cut straight.
Cross-examined. Q. I think you said it was cut clean across with a knife? A. I said no such thing; it was not cut slanting, nor zig-zag; it was cut in and out - the wool was on it; where the knife parted it, there the wool was; none of the wool was off; there might be a little, but I did not observe any - this is the skin of my master's sheep; if I saw the skin a hundred miles off, I should swear it was my master's property, if I had seen it the day before; there is amark on the head which I told him to look for; there was no other mark on the skin except the mark across the loins; that mark is very frequently on sheep; many thousands of sheep are so marked; there is no brand-mark.
MR. BODKIN. Q. What is the mark on the head? A. On each side there are two faulty teeth, which I told the watchman to look for before I saw it.


                  SEBASTIAN 
                  GERRARD
               



            . I live on Highgate-common, in the parish of Hornsey; on the 14th of January I had six sheep grazing in my field; I have lost one of them; Winterborn is my shepherd.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
