





Before Mr. Justice Alderson.
1772. 
               
                  HANNAH 
                  LOWNSLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 watch, value 4l.; 2 seals, value 30s.; 1 key, value 6s.; 48 sovereigns, 2 guineas, 1l. 15s., seven 10l., and seven 5l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Hodson
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Parker
                     



.
WILLIAM HODSON. I am a plasterer
. On the 16th of July I met the prisoner near Hanover-square, standing against the iron rails; she is a woman of the town
: a conversation took place and I went with her, to No. 53, Old Pye-street, Westminster


; I had the Bank notes and money stated in the indictment - the notes were wrapped in separate papers in my inside waistcoat pocket, and the sovereigns in my inside coat pocket, with some silver -I had a silver watch and gold seals, she unlocked the door, which was padlocked, got a light, and got into bed; but I did not - I pulled off my coat and waistcoat, and laid them on the table; I laid myself down by the side of the bed, and fell asleep, about one o'clock; I was quite sober; I awoke before four, it was nearly day-light - she was then gone - I directly got up, felt in my right-hand pocket, and the eleven sovereigns, which were loose in my trousers pocket, were safe - I went to my coat, and found a handkerchief, which was not mine, on the table; my money and handkerchief were gone - I had laid my watch on the table, and that was gone - nobody had been in the room except her, for I bolted the door myself, before I fell asleep; I found it open in the morning - I have never found my money; I am certain of her person; I had a good opportunity of seeing her, for I called at a house in Oxford-street, and saw her there, besides when she was in the room - we were in the room with a light for above half an hour before I fell asleep; she must have taken the money while I was asleep - the light was still burning when I went to sleep.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you really mean to say you were sober? A. I do; I had 236l. about me - it was my own, and the produce of my labour -I lodge in Oxford-market, and am now at work at Lambeth, for Mr. Armstrong, as a journeyman plasterer - I am forty-three years old; I was unfortunately led away - I had my trousers and boots on in the room - I had met her between eleven and twelve o'clock - I had come from the seat of his Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury that evening - I arrived in town about five; I had come from Croydon in a go-cart, which took me up outside the Swan - I did not go into a public-house - several persons were in the go-cart - I have had very excellent jobs, by which I got the money; I have not charged any body else with this - three persons were brought to the office on suspicion of having the property, but not by my desire; they were no doubt connected with the prisoner; I have not charged any body with it but her - this was all the property I had - I have been earning it since 1817 -I thought it safer about my person than to leave it in my box - I have jobs at great country seats - I took about 190l. with me down to the Archbishop's; I had not looked at my money that evening, but I knew by the weight of the gold that it was there - it was in my inside coat pocket, wrapped in a silk handkerchief, and in three separate brown papers.
Q. How do you know you had the notes? A. I had been no where but in respectable company - I am accustomed to come from Croydon in a go-cart - the prisoner was taken on the 22nd of August; she had abaconded - I looked for her for three weeks - I do not often go to houses of ill-fame - I am single - I am not in the habit of carrying money about me.
COURT. Q. What were the sovereigns in? A.In three separate pieces of brown paper, tied tight round with my handkerchief; I did not see the handkerchief in the morning, nor any of the paper.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WILKINS
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on the 27th of August - I searched the room this happened in on the Sunday morning, and found the handkerchief -Thomas Parker is landlord of the house, but does not live in it; it is let out in tenements to unfortunate girls.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HODSON
               



            . This is the handkerchief my sovereigns were wrapped in; I have had it since 1825 - it was found in the prisoner's room.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .
Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
