




1397. 




JOHN BRAGG
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY HOWARD
. I am a salesman in Newgate-market I took the prisoner into my employ on the 19th of December—on the 2nd of January I was taken suddenly ill, and confined to my bed for six weeks, and then went into the country—it was the prisoner's duty, in my absence, to taball the money, and pay every farthing—there was a book called the sale-book—it was his duty to sum up all the items of the pages of the sale-book and to transfer the amount into the cash-book—on my return from the country I found they were deficient—I asked him to give me an account, but he gave me none—I have since looked for the cash-book, and cannot find it anywhere—I discharged him, in consequence of detection these sums in the indictment, and asked him to explain them—he could not—I sent for an officer—then he said he would explain it to me—that he had spent the money in gay company—here is the cash-book of the date previous to the one that was missing—I showed him the deficiencies in the sale-book—on the 4th of March I find he debits himself with 33l. 4s. 7d.—I have summed up the items, and find it ought to be 35l. 3s. 7d., which is a deficiency of 1l. 19s.—on the 9th of March there is 17l. 4s. 9d.; at the bottom—I have summed up the items, and it ought to be 17l. 18s. 9d.; —ttal is a deficiency of 14s.—on the 11th of March he makes 41l. 2s. 5d., that should be 42l. 17s. 5d.—that is 1l. 15s. deficient—I did not call his attention to these three—I did not find it out till he had left me—I charged him with taking money previous to all this—it was before he said he had spent the money in gay company that I discovered these three deficiencies—my brother's clerk, Joseph Boyd; summed up the books in my presence.

COURT. Q. Has he in any instance paid over to you a larger sum than that mentioned as the total of the column? A. No—I do not know that I pointed his attention to these three—I told him there were many instances in which the book was untruly cast.

Prisoner. These charges were not laid against roe till I was taken into custody—I might have made some errors in casting, and there may be some instances where they are against myself—I made two or three offen to the prosecutor to give over the books. Witness No, he never said word about it.





JOSEPH BOYD
. I am in the employ of Mr. Ebenezer Howard. I went over the sale-book by myself, and afterwards with the prosecutor—I have heard his evidence with respect to the amounts of deficiencies, it is correct—here is 1l. 19s. on the 4th of March—on the 9th of March he has charged himself with 17l. 4s. 9d.—the right amount is 17l. 18s. 9d., which is 14s. deficient—on the 11th he debits himself 41l. 2s. 5d.—it should have been 42l. 17s. 5d., which is 1l. 15s. deficient—I was present when master requested him to explain how these deficiencies occurred in his books—he took them, and endeavoured to explain, but could not—an officer was sent for——hesaid if Mr. Howard would forego and forgive him, he would tell him how he spent his money—Mr. Howard said, what he had to say he should reserve—he then said he had been keeping gay company for three or four months, and he had wished to come to speak to Mr. Howard, but something prevented him, and if he pleased he would work himself to his fingers' bones to make atonement.




GUILTY
. Aged 29—


Transported for Ten Years.
