






1606. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     FAVELL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Victor 
                           Gex
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  VICTOR 
                  GEX
               



            . I was in Oxford-street


 on the 22nd of July - I had a pocket-handkerchief in my pocket; I did not notice any thing about it, but as I was walking with a lady some one tapped me on the shoulder, and said if I would go back I should find where my handkerchief was; I turned, and found it in the hands of two Police-officers, and the prisoners were in custody - this is it.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was in Oxford-street, and saw the two prisoners following a gentleman; they left him, followed the prosecutor, and just as they got to Swallow-passage Taylor 
               drew
             the handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket, and gave it to Favell; they ran down Swallow-passage, and Favell threw the handkerchief into a shop - I and my brother officer took them.
Favell. You said you did not lose sight of me. Witness. No, I did not.


                  THOMAS 
                  FARRAND
               



            . I was with Hobbs, and saw the two prisoners following a gentleman and lady - they then crossed, and followed the prosecutor; Taylor took the handkerchief from him, and gave it to Favell - he threw it into a poulterer's shop; I seized him, and informed the prosecutor.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Favell's Defence. I know nothing of this lad, and was not in his company.
TAYLOR-

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Confined Six Months
            .
FAVELL-

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
