






925. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GODDARD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MAY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of May
, 3 shirts, value 1l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cripps
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARKER
               



            . I live at Willesden


, and am haybinder to Mr. W. Cripps; he is a farmer
 - on the 8th of May, I saw the two prisoners in my master's field running down under the hedge - May had the three shirts under his arm, and Goddard was running by his side - they saw me and threw down the shirts; I got over the hedge, and the prisoners were brought back; I took them and asked how they came to go into the orchard; they made no answer, but I saw May drop the shirts - my wife washes for Mr. Cripps, I know the shirts to be his; they had been hung out twenty minutes, and were not dry; I saw Norton pick them up.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How far from the orchard did you see the prisoners? A. I suppose half a quarter of a mile - the shirts were not in this bag then, they were under May's arm; I cannot tell whether he might have picked them up before he saw Goddard - I never saw Mr. Cripps write his name, he cannot write - his name William Cripps is on his cart; I have heard persons call him William; I can't call to mind who has done so, but I have heard it.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  NORTON
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live at Willesden. On the afternoon of the 8th of May, I was near Mr. Cripps', and saw the prisoners come out of Mr.Cripps' orchard - May was carrying this linen under his flannel waistcoat, under his left arm; they ran across one small piece of field, and then down the side of a long field; I followed them, and May dropped the linen and I took it up; I lost sight of the prisoners for about a minute, on Mr. Halls premises.
Cross-examined. Q. Was there not a considerable quantity of linen in the orchard? A. Yes; Goddard might have taken some of it as well as May - I was not near enough to hear what Goddard said to May, or May to him.
GODDARD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
MAY - 

               GUILTY
            * Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
