





409. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     ADAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of December
, 1 book, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hale
                        



                     
                   and others
            .
2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of W. Hale only.

3d COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Daniel Godfrey 
                     Bishop
                  



               
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the Prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



             (police-constable, N 214.) On the 31st of December I was on duty in Hackney-road - about half-past nine o'clock in the evening I saw the prisoner in Union-street, with this Bible in a coarse apron - I followed him about fifty yards, and asked him where he was going with it - he said, to his father in Kingsland-road, and he had brought it from his sister, next door to the Ranters' chapel- I took him to the station, and found the last leaf of the index loose on his person - he was taken before the magistrate the next day - I had not then found the owner of the book, and he was discharged - this is the Bible.


                  JOHN 
                  GLIBBERY
               



             (police-serjeant, N 21.) I was present when the prisoner was discharged - I received information, and took him again on the 20th of January - Homerton College is two miles from Hackney-road.


                  ANDREW 
                  CARR WRIGHT
               



            . I am one of the students at Homerton College


 - Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Hale
               



             is the treasurer, and one of the trustees
 - I know this is our Bible, as in the 14th of John there is an error, which I altered one night; and here is a leaf in the Pentateuch which has been misplaced by the binder - this Bible had been in the pulpit in the hall - it was missed one evening in December - it is worth 1l. - Mr. 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Godfrey Bishop
               



             is our classical tutor
, and has the charge of the whole establishment.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



            . I heard the prisoner make his statement, and it was signed by Mr. Broughton. (Read.)
"The prisoner says the Bible fell from a coach - I picked it up and ran after the coach, but could not overtake it, so I kept it - I told the officer different, because I was so frightened, never having been taken before."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
