



3434. 




EDWARD STILL
 was indicted

for misdemeanour.






JANE MORRIS
. I am the wife of John Morris, of No.7, Osborn-street, Westminster, he is a bedstead-maker. In August last my son was in Cold-bath-fields prison—the prisoner came to the house, on the 17th of August, and said he wanted to see Mr. or Mrs. Morris—I went down and asked him to walk up stairs, which he did—he said he was turnkey of the solitary cells in that prison-that my son was in a solitary cell, and unless out alive—and if we could send him some provision it would be of great use to him—my husband was going out to get some provision, but the prisoner said, "Not provision, but in money"—and my husband laid him down a shilling on the table, which he took up—he did not any say my son had sent him—he said he had come unknown to my son—my husband gave him the shilling, meaning it for my son—he came again on the 20th of August, he said he had bought provision, and had given it to my son, and he had made it last three times, we gave him another shilling—he said he was a turnkey and messenger—and it was under the belief that he was so, and that my son was in a solitary cell, that we gave him the money—he came again on the 24th, and said he had bought some meat, and his wife had given him some potatoes, and my son would he out on Saturday—we gave him another shilling then—he came again on the Thursday and said I must send my son clean shirt, and he would be out on Saturday—but he was out of custody then.

Prisoner. Q. When I first came, did ask you for any thing? A.


Yes, and you said my son was starving, and if he did not have more provision he would perish; you said, you should be turned out of your situation if it was known you came, as you was a turnkey.

COURT. Q. Was it in consequence of his representing himself as a turnkey, and that your son was in this situation, that you gave him these shillings? A. Yes, most undoubtedly; when my husband offered to get some provision, he said he would rather have money, a his wife could cook, and he could take it him a little at a time—he said he could tell when the governor was coming for he could hear his squeaking shoes.





JOHN MORRIS, JUNIOR
. I was in prison, and the prisoner was confined in the same yard—he came out on the 17th of August—he never was a turnkey there—I was not in a starving condition.





JOHN CLAPHAM
. I am a turnkey of the House of correction in Coldbath-fields. I had the prisoner in custody for twelve months—he was never a turnkey or any officer there.

Prisoner's Defence. I went to tell them their son was kept back; I never asked for money or victuals; they put down the money and as I was in great distress, I took it, but I did not ask for it.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.
