



1620. 




WILLIAM TILLYER
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering a building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 



Barringer Hunt, on the 
13th of May, at 
Harlington, and stealing therein, 7 tame fowls, value 14s., his property.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






BARRINGER HUNT
. I live at Harlington. I had eighteen hens and two cocks, which I saw safe at seven o'clock last Sunday night, at roost in a hen-house in the yard in which my house stands—it was locked up—next morning, at six o'clock, I found the lock broken off, and hung on again, and the door broken open—I found six hens and a little bantam-cock gone—after getting over the wall of my yard, I observed some feathers, and there was a short ladder against the wall—I observed a track of feathers near the ladder, which led over the wall into an orchard across a meadow, and there were several feathers dropped through a wheat-field, across the turnpike road, into a pea-field near the prisoner's house—we saw no feathers in the pea-field—we traced footsteps nearly half a mile—the track ended about a quarter of a mile from the prisoner's house—it is loose ground, and I did not try to trace further than out of the wheat-field—I

field—I got a constable afterwards, and searched the prisoner's house—the constable called me into the house after he had gone in, and produced a bag of feathers from behind a box up stairs in the bed-room, and there was a dark lantern on a shelf—I also found some feathers down stairs under the grate, and some in the garden under some rubbish and straw—they were like the feathers of my fowls—two of my fowls had dark blue ends to their feathers, one was a white one, and one very dark, all speckled, and the little bantam cock was red—I observed feathers of all these descriptions in the bag behind the box—the feathers were fresh, for there was quite fresh flesh on them—the prisoner had no fowls of his own—I was present when the constable compared some shoes with some marks in my hen-house, and they fitted—Bray laid hold of the shoe, and put it in—the mark was an inch deep in the dung—he looked at the sole of the shoe before he put it down—the bantam-cock was all red with a double cone—I found feathers of the colours of all my fowls.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How is the place connected with your house? A. A high wall goes half round the yard, and the rest is paling—my house is in the parish of Harlington—the constable put the shoe into the mark.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you observe, before he pat the shoe in, whether the impression corresponded? A. Yes.





THOMAS BRAY
. I am a policeman. I went to execute a search-warrant last Monday, at the prisoner's house—I found some feathers in a bag behind a box up stairs, and a lantern stood over it—there were some feathers in the front garden, but I found no part of any fowls—I apprehended the prisoner about seven o'clock—I took his shoes off next morning before the Magistrate, and compared them with marks in the hen-house—they exactly corresponded—the marks were in the hen dirt under the roost—I could see the impressions of the nails—I did not count the nails—the impressions corresponded exactly—I traced feathers into a corn-field, and into a pea-field, and in the pea-field the track of the feet corresponded exactly—there were some smaller nails near one edge of the shoes, and that corresponded—the prisoner has the shoes on now, as he had no others to wear—(the prisoner here produced his shoes from his feet)—these are the shoes, and these are the nails I marked, but the tip has been taken off since—they both had tips, one heel was full with leather, and the other was not, and I could observe that in the impressions—the pea-field had just been newly hoed, and is within one field of the prisoner's house—I compared the marks before I put the shoe on them.

Cross-examined. Q. How far were the tracks in the pea-field from the prisoner's house, a quarter of a mile? A. It might be.





BENJAMIN DRINKWATER
. I am a constable. I was present when these shoes were compared with the marks—I am also a shoemaker—I observed marks in the hen-house, which fitted the shoes—the impression was a full one—there were large hob-nails in them—there is nothing unusual in the manner the shoes are nailed—some shoes are made differently to others—they corresponded in size—I compared them in several parts of the track, and should say those marks were made by these shoes.





BARRINGER HUNT

re-examined. (Looking at the bag of feathers) Here are feathers exactly corresponding with the feathers of my fowls—here are some red, belonging to the bantam-cock, and some blue, with a white

speck—here are some I picked up under the grate—I am satisfied, to the best of my belief, that these are the feathers of my fowls.

Cross-examined. Q. You are quite certain these two feathers are feathers of your bantam? A. Yes—I think positively these are the feathers which came off the fowls I lost—I do not know that the prisoner's wife is in the habit of stuffing bolsters and pillows—I found no feathers but what I believe to be my own—I could not trace the fowls—we traced the foot-marks on Monday morning.




GUILTY
†. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.
