







1560. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PINCOTT
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ALMEROTH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of June
, 102 lbs. of sugar, value 2l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Whitehorn
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITEHORN
               



            . I am a carman
. On the 5th of June I was employed to convey four hogsheads of sugar to Mr. Miller's, in High-street, Marylebone, from No. 10 warehouse, in the West India-docks


 - Pincott was my carman
; I met him in Whitechapel on his return, after he had delivered the sugar - he turned round, and I thought his countenance looked very pale; the other two prisoners were with him - the constable came to my house the same night, and said he had taken two men who had taken some sugar out of my cart; and I went and saw Johnson and Almeroth at the watch-house.
Cross-examined by MR. DONNE. Q. Was this your property? A. Yes, it was in my care.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRANT MILLER
               



            . I am a grocer. I had bought this sugar of Messrs, Bowden, and Co.; it was 120 lbs short of weight - I did not see it taken in, but I saw it in the cart; Pincott was the carter.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARE
               



            . I am a constable of the Tower. On the 5th of June, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was in a baker's-shop in Spitalfields; I saw the waggon pass the door - Pincott drove it; Johnson and Almeroth were following it - I came out, and just as I got out, Johnson went up to the tail of the waggon, turned back the tilt, and took hold of a bag which was in the waggon; it was too heavy for him, and Almeroth helped him to get it on his back - Pincott went on with the waggon, and the other two went towards Whitechapel; I followed them, and saw a Policeman - I gave Almeroth into custody; I then went to Johnson, and said, "What have you got in this bag?" he said he did not know; I said, "I must see," and I took him.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHRISTIAN
               



            . (Police-serjeant H 14). Johnsonand Almeroth were given into my custody at the station; I saw Johnson soon after stoop, as if to tie his shoe - I then locked them up, and went to the place where he had sat, and under the seat I found this mallet, covered with sugar; a knife had been found on each of them, and two pieces of iron, which are bent, as if to draw sugar out, and on Johnson, was found a needle.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERT WHITEHORN
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son. I saw the hogshead weighed; it was 104 lbs. deficient - I have a sample of sugar, which was taken from the bag the prisoners had, and a sample from the hogshead; they are similar.
Cross-examined. Q. I believe Pincott has been some time in your employ? A. Yes, nearly three years, and he had a good character.
PINCOTT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
ALMEROTH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
