





1132. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GREY
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           West
                        



                     
                  , on the 14th of June
, at St. Edmund the King and Martyr, and stealing therein 1 spoon, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           White
                        



.


                  MARY 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  White
               



            , we lodge at No. 27, Lombard-street


. On Friday the 14th of June, I was going out on an errand; I locked the door, and took the key in my hand, it was about half-past eleven o'clock- I did not go out; I sat down below, and when I returned up, I saw the prisoner in my room; he came out, and I stopped him, and told him he had been robbing me; he said, "There is no harm done my good lady;" he ran down, and I ran after him, and cried, stop thief, till he was taken by a policeman, who is here - I saw one of my drawers had had its contents turned out upon the bed, and another drawer wide open, as far as it would balance; I missed one spoon when I returned to the room, it is worth about 1s. 6d.; I had seen it safe the same morning; this is it; it is my husband's.
Prisoner. She collared me, and took me into the room, and when she found the things were wrong in the room, she called out - I was knocking at the door when she came up. Witness. No, sir, he was in the room coming out - I suppose, he was three yards inside the room; I did not see him doing anything; I did collar him.
COURT. Q. How had the door been opened? A. By a picklock key I suppose - we found four keys when we went back into the room where the prisoner had been searched.
Prisoner. Q. What time did you find them? A. Directly I returned from the Lord Mayor; within an hour.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEST
               



            . I keep a soda-water manufactory
 in Lombard-street. The prosecutor lodges in my house; I assisted in bringing the prisoner into my shop; he was brought into a room behind the shop, and then taken into a lighter place to be searched; this spoon and key were found there after he had been searched, and my daughter afterwards found these other keys there.
Prisoner. When I was searched, the room was even with the street, and it was full of people. Witness. No, it was not.


                  THOMAS 
                  TROTT
               



            . I merely detained the prisoner in the room adjoining the shop; while the officer went up stairs to see what had been done; my chief attention was to prevent any other person from coming in; I saw the prisoner put his hand to his waistcoat pocket, I said, "What have you here;" I found nothing in his hand but a pen knife- I can be positive that no one came into that room.
Prisoner. There might be twenty people in the room after I left it.


                  JOHN 
                  ROGERS
               



             (City police-constable No. 47). I was called in, I went up stairs and then into their back room; I found this screw driver on the prisoner's person; I was there about five minutes; I then took him to the Mansion-house - Mr. West found the spoon after I was gone - I don't know who had been in the room.
MR. WEST re-examined. Q. How long had Trott and Rogers left your room before the spoon was found? A. About an hour and a half - I do not believe any person had been in but my own family.
COURT to 
               
                  MARY 
                  WHITE
               



            . Q. Was your door locked when you went down? Q. Yes, and I found it open - it is my father's dwelling-house, Williams West, and is in the parish of St. Edmund, the King and the Martyr - I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  White
               



            , there is only one door to the staircase, but two to the house; the lower street door stands open for the accommodation of lodgers; the first floor is let out in offices - I take my apartment by the month.
Prisoner's Defence. As to the prosecutrix stating that she saw me in the room, she certainly dragged me into the room - I was never in till she took me in; I was tapping at the door, she said, "What do you want," she took me into the room and sung out ten thousand murders!
GUILTY.* Aged 41. - 


               Of stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
