






464. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EARLIDGE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     EARLIDGE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of December
, 2 blankets, value 22s., and 1 rug, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Stevens
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GIRLING
               



            . I live in Mitchell-street, just behind St. Luke's church, about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's. On the 7th of December, about half-past seven o'clock, I was crossing Goswell-street, and saw the female prisoner with a large bundle; I went into the Hat and Feathers about twenty yards distance, and saw the male prisoner come in company with her into the house - they had something to drink and went out - they separated; I watched the woman to Hatton-garden, and gave charge of her.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.Are you one of the Police? A. No, but I thought proper to watch her.


                  THOMAS 
                  MORFORD
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I took the female prisoner, and have had the bundle ever since; I asked what she had got - she said blankets, and she was going to take them to the Borough; I said I thought it was unreasonable to take a bundle at that time - she said she lived at Euston-terrace; I did not like her manner, and took her to the watch-house - I went to the place she mentioned and no such person was known there; she afterwards said where she got them from.
Cross-examined. Q.Was the male prisoner discharged? A. Yes, on the 12th; I took him again yesterday week - he went to a public-house with his brother, who gave his word that he would not let him go.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I live at No. 15, Goswell-street. The male prisoner lived with me as shopman
, and slept in my house - he was there on the 7th of December; I am not aware whether his wife came to see him - this rug and blanket belong to me; I deal in horse cloths and blankets - these were taken from the back part of my shop; I did not miss them till the officer brought them.
Cross-examined. Q. Is there a person here named Duffield? A. No; I succeeded him in the business; he was in the habit of dealing with me - the prisoner might enter any thing he purchased - there has been an entry in my book in the name of Duffield, but it has been scratched out by Mr. Duffield, because he did not order the goods; he lives about four hundred yards from me - the male prisoner left my shop about two o'clock in the afternoon on the 7th of December, and I did not see him again till he was in custody; he was not discharged by me, but he was let out of custody on the 12th of December, and was taken again last Monday at his brother's in the City, because I had fresh evidence from a person named Crute, a green-grocer - I knew Crute, but he told me nothing of this till Monday week: my book is not here.
COURT. Q.Are you able to say whether the male prisoner was at your house on the morning of the 7th of December? A. Yes, about seven o'clock in the morning - I saw Duffield scratch out the entry, which had been made by 
               
                  John 
                  Earlidge
               



            .(Property produced and sworn to.)
WILLIAM CRUTE. At half-past seven o'clock on the morning of the 7th of December I was going to Newgate-market, and saw the female prisoner come out of the prosecutor's house with a bundle in a rug - I saw it was a blanket.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know the shop? A. I saw the woman come out, and saw the man shut the door; it struck me it was all right.
J. EARLIDGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
E. EARLIDGE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
