





162. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FIELDWICK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of May
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 ring, value 5s.; 1 purse, value 1s.; 1 pen-knife, value 1s.; and 1 waistcoat, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Clark
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 cap, value 8d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Clark
                        



.


                  SARAH 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Clark
               



            , of Turk-street, Bethnal-green


; he is in the service Mr. Hanbury. On the 18th of May the prisoner came and hired a weekly lodging at my house; he lived with his mother, but slept at my house for three nights; he then absconded, and the same day, we missed the property stated from a drawer in the room he had slept in - I am sure it was all safe when he came to sleep there; we did not see him again till last Saturday week, when he was in custody; no other person could have taken the property.
Prisoner. Q. When I went down in the morning, did you not go up directly and lock the door? A. I did; I missed the cap about three hours afterwards - I have a man and his wife who have lodged with me for five years; they have not a key of the room you slept in.
COURT. Q. Did you receive the rent? A. Yes; of his father on the Monday afterwards - the prisoner gave me no notice to quit.
GEORGE CLARK. On the 24th of May; I went out, and when I returned, my sister asked me for the key of that room; she went up and came down directly, and said, she had lost her cap; I then went up and missed my watch; I have never seen it since.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GILLETT
               



             (police-sergeant N 19). On the 23rd of October, I took the prisoner; I said, there was a charge against him for felony in Bethnal-green; he denied all knowledge of it; I read the charge over to him, and asked if he knew a person named Clark; he said, "Yes," but denied all knowledge of the robbery.
Prisoner. I went out that day and met a young man who asked me to go into the country; I went with him, and then to some friends of mine at Royston. I staid there till my friends sent me word there was a charge against me; I came to town, went to the station-house, and asked if there was any charge against me; they said, "No;" I went home, and then the officer came after me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
