






1162. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BEARK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WEBB
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of May
, 113 knives, value 22s.; 111 forks, value 11s., and 6 pieces of ivory, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Luke 
                     Broomhead
                  




               
            .


                  LUKE 
                  BROOMHEAD
               



            . I am a cutler
, and live in Union-street, Spitalfields


; the two prisoners were my apprentice

s - Beark has been five years with me; Webb has been out, of his time about twelve months; but continued to work for me out of doors till about a week before this happened. On Sunday morning, the 16th of May, Beark was going out, and I saw a small paper drop from him - I asked what it was; he said Nothing: I said, "Let me look," and I found two knives in it - I asked where he got them, but he made no answer; I called an officer, but could not make him hear - I then went back, and Beark said, "I will tell you the truth - Webb set me on to do it, and we have robbed you a great deal;" I had not made him any promise; I got the Police-officer, and he said the same to him - he said he had robbed me of pen-knives, pocket-knives, and scissars, which he had taken from the show-glass - I believe all this property to be mine, but some of the ivory I cannot swear to, as it has been worked upon - these handles were brought to me by his mother, who said he told her he had bought them of Mr. Marsden.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TROVELL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Church-street, Mile-end New-town. I have twelve knives and forks, pawned on the 21st of April by Webb, also four dozen of knives and forks, and a pair of carvers, pawned on the 4th of May by Webb.


                  ROBERT 
                  NEAVE
               



            . I went with the prosecutor on the 16th of May, to his house, and took Beark; these two knives he had in his possession.


                  THOMAS 
                  BICKNELL
               



            . On the 16th of May Beark was brought to the station-house, and I took him to the watch-house; previous to my locking him up, he said he wished to confess - I told him the consequences of it, but he said he had taken two pen-knives with two blades each, and twelve knives in ivory handles; and about a fortnight before he had taken a large quantity, and given them to Webb - he said he had entered the shop with Webb, and taken one hundred and fifteen Knives and forks; I asked if he had any share of the property - he said No: I then went to Webb, who denied all knowledge of it - I found there these pieces of ivory; I took them both to the watch-house; and there Webb acknowledged that he had taken the knives and forks, that he pawned them, and sold some others - I found this key, which opens the shop door.
Webb's Defence. I did not know the things I pawned were stolen.
BEARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
WEBB - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
