





1303. 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  PIGGOT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of June
, 10 handkerchiefs, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Perry
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM PERRY. I am a hosier
, and live in Oxford-street


. On Tuesday evening, the 15th of June, I selected from my stock ten silk handkerchiefs, and placed them on the counter to take the next morning to a customer - I saw them safe at nine o'clock in the morning, and at twelve a witness called and asked if I had lost any thing - I then looked, and missed them; these are them; I am certain they are mine; they have no shop mark - I know them by the pattern; they are tied together with a piece of string round them.
JAMES BALFOUR. I went to the prosecutor's, and asked if he had lost any thing - I saw the prisoner and another boy pass me, and try to pick a gentleman's pocket - I did not see them go to the shop, but in a few minutes the prisoner ran by me very fast with something concealed under his coat; I ran after him from the corner of Percy-place, where I was waiting for a gentleman who was gone into a house in Deane-street, St. Giles, and there I stopped him with these ten handkerchiefs under his arm - I gave him into custody.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. You say you saw me attempt to pick a gentleman's pocket. Witness. Yes; I did not take you because I thought some of the Policemen would see you- I once interfered in a case like that, and nearly got killed; I did not see you pick the handkerchiefs up - I was on the opposite side to the prosecutor's.

Prisoner. I picked them up, he tried to get them, and said, "Don't you mean to give me any of them?" I said No - he ran after me with the Policeman and tried Stop thief! Witness. It was a very dirty morning, and the handkerchiefs were clean.
THOMAS CANNON. I took the prisoner - he told me he picked them up at the back of Oxford-street, near Soho-square; and a second time he said he picked them up in Oxford-street - he gave two different accounts.
Prisoner. The prosecutor brought a pattern of one green one, and said he had no other pattern. Witness I have been to the prosecutor's, and saw the same pattern.
WILLIAM PERRY. I took patterns of all but two of them.
Prisoner. That man is trying to false swear my life away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
