




1980. 




JOSEPH GARD
 and 




JOHN READ
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
28th of July, at 
St. Giles-in—the-Fields, 2 coats, value 2l.; 1 pair of shoes, value 8s.; 1 table-cloth, value 6s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 7s.; 1 shirt, value 1s. 6d.; 3 waistcoats, value 3s.; 9 pence, 30 halfpence, and 90 farthings; the goods and monies of 



James Methvin, in his dwelling-house; and afterwards, about the hour of three in the same night, burglariously breaking out of the said dwelling-house.






JAMES METHVIN
. I am a baker, and live in Store-street, Bedford-squire, in the parish of St. Giles. On the morning of the 29th of July, I came down stairs before seven o'clock, and found the street-door of my shop opened from within—I was the first person down—I found the fan-light open—one drawer was taken out of the counter, and the money, which was left in the till, taken out—it was about 2s. worth of copper—my coat and waistcoat were taken from the parlour—these are them—(looking at them.)

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What time did you go to bed? A. Before eleven o'clock—I had seen the waistcoats a week before the robbery. I rent the house.





ISABELLA METHVIN
. I am the prosecutor's sister. I went to bed last on Sunday night, the-28th—the door was properly locked—my brother was down before me in the morning—the things were all in disorder—the fan-light was open, and that was open the night before—the door was open in the morning.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did you go to bed? A. About ten minutes before one o'clock—I came down a few minutes after seven.





HENRY GIBBS
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in New Church-street, Newport-market. I have a waistcoat which was pawned by the prisoner Gard, on the 31st of July, and afterwards redeemed by Charles Watson.





CHARLES WATSON
. I am a vice-maker, and live in Little Chapel-street, Westminster. On Tuesday week I was at the Mitre, in Church-street Portland-market, and saw the prisoners there-Read offered a waistcoat for sale—I never knew them before—they are the men-Read had black whiskers when he offered me the waistcoat, but they have grown very

short since—there were five of them in company-Gard said nothing about it till after Read had done, and then he went and pawned the waistcoat, and I gave Gard 6d. for the duplicate-Read said I had not given it to the right one, but it was all one-Gard heard him say that—I redeemed the waistcoat afterwards.

Cross-examined. Q. How long had you been in the house? A. From about one o'clock till half-past one in the afternoon—it was the 31st of July—I pawned it again on the 1st of August—I had been there about ten minutes before I saw the prisoners—I was having my pint of beer—I have made no mistake—I do not know a man named Wilkinson—there were five persons there—I spent 2d. and they spent 2d., and we had a pot of beer—I am quite sure it was not Gard who offered the waistcoat in the first instance, it was Read.

Gard. I took the waistcoat into the public-house, and offered it to that man for sale-Read was coming by and had a pot of beer.





HENRY EDWARD WOODRUFFE
. I am a clothesman, and live in Carlisle-street, Portman Market. On Saturday week, somebody brought me a blue waistcoat for sale for 1s.—I offered 6d., but gave 9d. for it—I cannot speak positively to the man, but I believe Read to be the man—he had dark whiskers at that time.

Cross-examined. Q. What day was it? A. On a Tuesday or Thursday, about the 31st of July—I have expressed a doubt about Read's being the man—the Magistrate ordered him to put on a plaid waistcoat, and after that I had no doubt at all about him—the Magistrate did not upbraid me for my swearing—he might have expressed his disapprobation—I do not know what his opinion was—I do not think he blamed me for the manner in which I swore about Read—he may have done it—I do not recollect it—I said he had on a plaid waistcoat and dark trowsers.





EDWIN BAXTER
. (police-constable E 115.) On Tuesday, week, the 31st of July, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I saw Gard go into Jenkin's shop, in Church-street, which Gibbs comes from—I afterwards went there and saw a waistcoat.





THOMAS AMOS
. (police-constable E 116.) On Saturday, the 28th of July, I saw the two prisoners in Store-street, at a quarter before ten o'clock-Gard was dressed as he is now, but Read was dressed differently, and had dark whiskers—I ordered them away.

Gard. I was taken into custody on the Thursday after the robbery, and on Friday morning before the Magistrate that man could not recognise me at all. Witness. I recognised him directly I saw him.

Gard. On the Tuesday following he said he could recognise me, and three or four more along with me, that he saw me first a quarter before ten o'clock, and next time he saw me coming out of a public-house at half-Past twelve o'clock—that I gave a whistle on seeing him, and ran away, and that he came across the road and saw Mr. Methuin's fan-light open—the Magistrate said, "Why not watch the house, then, if you saw the fan-light open, and heard the prisoner give a whistle?"—I was remanded till the Friday following, and then he said he could swear to Read and to me too—he said before he could not swear to Read at all. Witness. I swore to both as soon as I saw them—I did not see the fan-light open till after three o'clock.

Gard. He said at first it was a quarter before ten o'clock, and the next time we were at the corner of Store-street, in Gower-street—the Magistrate

said, "why did you order them away?"—he said, "Because they capered about'-and he said, "I can swear 10 Read by his curly Whiskers"—the Magistrate said, "Can you tell a man three hundred yards distant by his) curly whiskers?" and he said, "yes."





STEPHEN THORNTON
 I am a policeman. I took Gard into custody in Princes-street, Portman market—I told him it was for pawning a waist. coat—he said, "Me pledge a waistcoat! I don't know what you mean' I never pawned one"—my brother-constable came up, and identified him as the man he saw go into the shop—we took him to the pawnbroker's, and the pawnbroker identified him also—I then took him to St. Giles's station-house-in going along, I asked him what time he went to bed on Sunday morning—he said, "Me go to bed on Sunday morning! I went to bed on Saturday night, between ten and eleven o'clock"—I said, "Where did you sleep?"—he first said at his mothers, and then said he did not know where he slept—he said he lodged with Head, and I went to Read's house—I did not find Read there, but in searching the house I found a dark lantern, and this file, and these other tools—I have compared the tools with the places broken open in the house, and they exactly correspond with the till, and also the part of the file was broken in the prosecutor's iron chest-both the prisoners said they lodged there-Read paid himself that Gard lodged there.

Cross-examined. Q. You went on two occasions to the house? A. on three occasions—I brought away a bag on the first occasion—my brother. constable chalked over the door, that if the persons belonging to it would come to the police-office on such a day, and give a correct account how he came by it he should have it—Read came to the office the same day—my brother-officers identified him before he claimed the bag—I saw Read at his house after I had Gard in custody—I took the money out of a pair of leather breeches lying by the side of the bed.

Witnesses for the Defence.





ELIZABETH PHILLIPS
. I am single, and am a laundress. I know the prisoner Read, and his mother—they live at No. 6, Caplin-mews, North-street, Marylebone—I was living there at the time in question, and slept with the prisoner's mother—I remember the Saturday night the robbery is said to have taken place—it was on the 28th of July—I am generally busy on Saturday night finishing my week's linen—I was so occupied on that occasion—I had a good deal to do that night—it was half-past eleven o'clock when I got home—I found the prisoner and his mother at home-when I got there, the prisoner Read was in bed—I sat up doing some washing which Mrs. Read had taken in—she was tired and could not do it—I was at work till four o'clock on Sunday morning—the prisoner's mother went to bad—I cannot say at what time—it was before I did—the prisoner was in bed during all that time—I had occasion to go through his room four or five times to get coals—he could not go out without passing through the room I was in—I swear he did not.

COURT. Q. Who do you live with? A. Mrs. Read, and with Mrs. King, a laundress, in Frederick-street, Portland-town—I always slept with Mrs. Read-nobody else—she has only one son at home, she has little boy—she has two daughters—they are both at home—the boy lives at a public-house, not at home—the daughters sleep on the floor in the room with their mother and me—they both slept in our room that night—they went to bed about nine o'clock—one is about ten years of age, and the other about five—they generally get up in the morning about the same time

as their mother, which is sometimes seven o'clock—the prisoner Read was in bed when I came home, by himself—he slept in the next room to us—I am obliged to go through our room to go to his-nobody else lodges in the house besides Mrs. Read and her daughters—there are stables underneath—I know Gard, but do not know any thing of him—I have seen him—I have not seen him for some time—I cannot tell how long—he slept there once or twice—I cannot recollect the last time he slept there—he used to sleep with George-George ate and drank with us-Gard did not—I was never at home only in the evening, and cannot tell—he did not lodge there altogether-George is a coachman.

Q. Did you see these files and things there, and the dark lantern? A. Yes, I saw the files—I did not see them in the room, that I am aware of—I never made the bed—Mrs. Read did-when I got home at half-past eleven o'clock Mrs. Read was not in bed—she opened the door to me—I sat down till the irons were hot—I sat against the fire-place—Mrs. Read sat down with me, it might be half an hour—I did not do any thing when she was down with me—I did not sup that night—I did not eat or drink any thing, nor did she while I was at home—Mrs. Read and I slept in the sitting-room, and Read in the next room, and there is a loft next to that—I had not begun to do any thing when she went to bed—she must have see the prisoner, because I believe she fetched him some bread and cheese before I came home—she did not speak to him before she went to bed—this was on Saturday night—I cannot say when it was they came after the prisoner-when I came home at night I heard he was taken, but did not hear what for—I inquired, but Mrs. Read could not say—I do not know when we heard what it was for—I cannot say whether it was a week-I, of course, felt interested about him, having known the family for the last ten rears—they came from the same part as I did—I did not know what he was taken up for—Mrs. Read did not know that night—I cannot say whether I knew it the next day, or the day after—Mrs. Read used to talk about it, but never said what it was for—I did not inquire—we heard it was for taking things from Tottenham-court-road-but never could make out what the things were—I heard it was on Saturday night, the 28th, and I said it could not be George, for he was at home—I suppose it was four or five nights after he was taken that I said that—I did not say that before the Magistrate, they would not let us in—I told the policeman I could tell he was not there—I told the door-keeper at Hatton-garden so, and he would not let me in.

Read. I asked the Magistrate permission for them to come in, and he said, no, they would not be allowed to speak there, they must come to Newgate.





EDWIN BAXTER
. re-examined. I was present at the examination—the Magistrate asked if they bad any witnesses there, and Read answered, "No"—this was on Friday—I never heard the witness Phillips make an application to come in—I saw her there at the two examinations in the outer room—she was there on the 10th.





ELIZABETH PHILLIPS
. (continued). I am quite sure Read was in bed that night—I am not certain whether he slept alone or had anybody with him the night before—I rather think Joseph Gard slept with him the night before and for three weeks or more—he did not lodge there constantly—he slept there a night or so—I have lived with Mrs. Read ever since the 2nd of May, when her husband died-before that I lived at 53, Seymour-place—I

forget their name—it was a woman, who keeps a tin shop near the Stingo—it is a house for lodgers.





MARY READ
. I am a widow. The prisoner Read is my son-live in Caplin-mews, and have done so two years come February—I get my living by washing and charring—the witness, Elizabeth Phillips, lived with me four months—she is a laundress—there are three rooms in the house-Phillips, myself, and the children sleep on the first floor-George sleeps in the second room—the prisoner Gard sometimes slept with him for a short time—I remember Saturday the 28th of last month-Phillips was with me that night—my son went to bed a little before eleven o'clock—I went to bed about half-past eleven o'clock-Phillips had been in about a quarter of an hour before I went to bed—my son was in bed when I went—I left Phillips up—I went to sleep—I got up about six o'clock in the morning—I saw my son then.

COURT. Q. What time did the young woman go out next morning? A. Nine o'clock—she goes out to work as a laundress—she did not go to bed when I did, as I had work I wanted done, and she sat up during the night to do it—she eats and drinks with me—we had some bread and cheese for supper that night when she came home—I ate with her—we had nothing to drink but toast and water, or something like that—I believe we did have toast and water that night, but I do not exactly recollect—we do not often drink much of any thing—we had the bread and cheese almost directly after she came home—I made my son's bed—I saw him in bed that night—I believe he was asleep when I went to bed—I did not examine particularly-Gard was with him in the morning—he was not it home while I was up-but he was in bed at six o'clock in the morning with him—there is only one way in and out of the house—they came through my room to go to theirs—I was not up when Gard came home-Phillips must have let him in.

Gard's Defence. I went in between twelve and one o'clock that night—the young woman was ironing at the time—there is no occasion to be let in-you first have to open the door of their room and not go right through it, but turn to the left and there is a door to his room—I will tell you how I came by the waistcoat—on the Monday after the robbery was committed, I was in the Duke of Clarence public-house-a young lad brought a waistcoat and offered it for sale—he offered it to two or three, and then offered it to me—I asked what he wanted for it—he said two shillings—I looked at if and thought it would suit me by altering, and offered him eighteen-pence which he took—I took it home-thinking it would cost too much to alter it, I thought I would pawn it—as I went along I went into the Mitre public-house, and a young man there wanted to buy it—the tinker said, "How much do you want for it?"—I said, "You may have it for eighteen-pence, which is what I gave for it'—he said, "All I have is sixpence and a few halfpence, but if you like to pawn it for a shilling I will give you sixpence for the ticket, and you shall stand a pint of beer and I will stand a pint"—I went and pawned it—and we both stood a pint of beer.

GARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

READ—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported for Ten Years.
