





2000. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MURRAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of August
, 80 yards of canvas, value 4l.; 4 skeins of twine, value 2s. 4d., and 18 biscuits, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Henry 
                           Harton
                        




                     
                  , and others
            .

MR. GURNEY conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  AYLOTT
               



            . I am foreman to Messrs. Mc Culloch; Mr. William Henry Harton is one of the partner
s. On the 8th of August, I left their premises at Limehouse


 all secure at six o'clock, and every thing locked up; I went the next morning, found the warehouse broken open, and on examining, found several cases open - I missed some canvas, and some twine and biscuits; the prisoner had worked on the premises, but left two or three months before.
Prisoner. I never worked on the premises, nor saw this witness. Witness. I am quite sure he had been employed there by Mr. Wright, who takes the work by contract.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JAMES PEARCE
               



             (Police-constable K 177). On the morning of the 9th of August, about 3 o'clock, I saw the prisoner by the side of Limehouse-cut, which is a branch of the river Lee - I observed a bundle under his arm; he walked rather quickly - I asked what his bundle contained; he said twine and biscuit, which he had brought from Gravesend; I called another Policeman, and the prisoner sprang into the water - the other Policeman found this quantity of canvas, about twelve yards from the spot, but the prisoner had not that when I saw him - in about two hours after I saw the prisoner again near the same spot, wholly immersed in the water, except his head - seeing he was discovered he endeavoured to escape, but I leaped into the water, swam across, and took him getting up the bank on the other side; when I saw him he was about two hundred yards from the prosecutors' warehouse.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTS
               



             (Police-constable K 53). I was called to assist Pearce, and found this canvas twenty or thirty yards from the place; this twine was just by where he leaned into the water.


                  GEORGE 
                  CASTLEMAN
               



             (Police-constable K 236). I found this other roll of canvas on the side of the water, near Limehouse church - I do not know where the prisoner jumped into the water.
MR. AYLOTT. This is our canvas - I know it by the number on it, No. 7, and here are two bolts of it, which are what we missed - this twine is the same description as what we lost; I suppose we lost four or six skeins.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY
               



             HARTON. I am one of the partners of the firm of Messrs. M'Culloch and Co. This is made by the same makers, Neilson and Co., and is the same No. 7 as the bolts of canvas which we lost - I am almost sure I have seen the prisoner on the premises; Mr. Wright, the rigger, has employed him.
Prisoner's Defence. I could not have rigged a ship by myself, and if I have been there to work let them bring forward a man to show it - I went down on the 8th of August to his Majesty's ship Dispatch to get employ, but she was full-handed - I stopped, and had dinner on board, at Gravesend - I got some biscuits, and came up by a Milton barge; I found that twine laying down - I took it up, put it under my arm, and walked on with my biscuits in my hand - I met a Policeman, who spoke to me, and let me walk on - I then came to another, and he asked me what I had got; I told him some biscuits - he drew out his staff; I, being in liquor, was alarmed, jumped into the water to make my escape; I got into the mud, and could hardly get out again - when I got out I gave myself up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JAMES PEARCE
               



            . He was quite sober, and I did not draw my staff at all.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
