








1034. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  HILTON
               




            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CONSTABLE
               



            , and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PARKER
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of May

, 8 bushels of oats, value 21s., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel Hayhurst 
                        Lucas
                     



                  , the master of the said W. Constable and T. Parker
            ; and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lewis
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to be stolen
            .
3rd COUNT. For feloniously receiving it of an evil-disposed person.
MR. CLARKSON conducted the Prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  CLARK
               



             (police-serjeant N 15.) On the 20th of May, I was on duty at Kingsland



, and saw a van loaded with sacks of corn driven by the prisoner Hilton - the name of Crouch was on the van - it went to the Elephant



, and drew down the yard to the stable door - I saw Hilton and Lewis who is the ostler
 there - they left the stable door for a few minutes, and then came back - Lewis then went to the top of the street, for what purpose I cannot say - he then came back, and Hilton met him - Hilton then got on the van and gave Lewis two sacks of oats off the van, who took them into the stable - I took Hilton into custody, and took him into the stable with me - I found Lewis there behind the inner stable door - I said to him, "Tom, it is no use concealing yourself, I saw the two sacks taken from the van" - he said, "I know nothing about them - the carter asked me to let him leave them here for a person" - Hilton made no reply - I called for assistance, and took them and the two sacks to the station-house - I found a delivery note on Hilton for thirteen quarters of oats - there were twenty-six sacks on the van besides the two I saw carried into the stable - from what I learned afterwards, I went to Mr Lucas, and Constable and Parker were produced in the counting-house - Mr. Lucas asked them if Mr. Crouch's van had been there that day - Constable said it came for thirteen quarters of oats, and I believe both the prisoners said so - Mr. Lucas asked how they knew there were only thirteen quarters - Constable said the entry was on the slate - Mr. Lucas then asked how they accounted for the van having fourteen quarters in it - they said if it had fourteen quarters it was more than they knew - Mr. Lucas asked if they were not in the habit of counting the sacks when they were not in the habit of counting the sacks when they were brought up for a quantity of corn - they said, "Yes;" but they believed they did not on that day - Mr. Lucas said it was strange they should deliver a load of corn to a van, and not know what quantity they had delivered - Constable said they had been in a hurry that day, and if the van had fourteen quarters it was unknown to them - I do not recollect any thing more passing - I received a sample of oats from Mr. Lucas - I took another sample from the sacks which were delivered at the stable, and the other sample is from the bulk of the thirteen quarters - Hilton made a statement before the magistrates, which was taken down.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. At what time did you see the sacks taken from the cart? A. About two o'clock - it was broad daylight - it was about three hundred yards from the station-house - Constable at once acknowledged that Crouch's van had been there - he never attempted to deny it - he said there was a hurry of business that day - I do not know that there was such a hurry of business that the men were not allowed to have their dinner - the men gave fair straight-forward answers.
SAMUEL HAYHURST LUCAS. I am proprietor of the granary on Hambro' wharf
. On the 19th of May, I sold twenty quarters of oats to Mr. Crouch, of Edmonton - it is customary to give a printed order to the man with a blank to fill up - I gave it to Constable - he delivers it to the man who takes the corn away - Constable was my foreman
, and Parker was in my service - when any one came for corn they were equally employed, one in holding up sacks, and the other in measuring the corn - I have no doubt there were loose sacks in my granary - the granaries are lofty from the ground, and the sacks are let down by two servants - the carman remains in the cart - here is the counter-part of the delivery note signed by Hilton, and left on the premises with Constable - the officer came on the 20th May, and I sent for Parker and Constable into the counting-house - I asked them whether Crouch's waggon had been there that day - they said yes, they had given him thirteen quarters of corn - I asked if they were quite sure it was thirteen quarters, and their answer was, they had no doubt of it - they both spoke - I told them it was ascertained that the carman had deposited two sacks of oats at the Elephant, at Kingsland, that Hilton had been taken into custody on a charge of stealing them, and I was certain he could not have taken the corn without their giving it him, and I desired them to explain how it was - they said if he had more than thirteen quarters they did not know of it, and on my inquiring if they had counted the sacks, they admitted they had not - they both gave the same answer - it was the duty of Parker to count the sacksbefore they began to load, and it was the duty of both of them to ascertain the quantity they delivered out - they stated they were so busy they could not count the sacks - I asked them if they were not busy on other occasions - they admitted they were, but excused themselves by saying they were busy - I told them I should fell it my duty to give them into custody, as I could not proceed against the carman without them - I have examined these samples, and it is my opinion they are the same oats.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you ascertained whether there was any hurry that day? A. There was - it was not a hurry that would excuse such an omission as that - Constable has been in my employ sixteen or eighteen years, and Parker six or seven - I have three or four other men regularly in my employ, and many others occasionally - Samuel Weller was a porter at my house that day, and I think he has been so since - he had been occasionally employed by my foreman before - he was taken as a witness before the Grand Jury, but it was for the purpose of the prisoners, I think - I did not inquire of him whether that was a hurried day or not.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LUCAS
               



            . I am son of the prosecutor. I made out the order for the delivery of the twenty quarters of oats - I remember the officer coming, and I delivered this sample to him which I took from the bulk in our granary, from which Crouch's corn was delivered - I have compared it with the sample taken from the two sacks, and the sample from the thirty-six quarters - it is my firm belief they are all from the same bulk.
Cross-examined. Q. Is there not more corn like this in the kingdom? A. I dare say there is a good deal - this corn is particularly long - there may be thousands of quarters of this sort - it is Irish oats.


                  JOHN 
                  VALENTINE CROUCH
               



            . I am a corn-dealer, and live at Upper Edmonton. On the 19th of May, I purchased twenty quarters of corn for my sister - I gave this order to Hilton for thirteen quarters, and I gave him twenty-six sacks for it - the officer brought home twenty-six sacks of corn, and he took a sample.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you swear before the Magistrate "I did not measure the corn?" A. I did measure it after it came out of the van - I could not say I did not measure it - I did not say so to my recollection - I forget whether I did not.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WELLER
               



            . I was in the employ of the prosecutor on the day this happened.
Cross-examined. Q. How long had you been there before? A. Perhaps a week or two - I never saw Constable or Parker except when I was at work there - the day stated was a very busy one - Constable's wife brought his dinner to him, but he had not time to eat it - I had no communication with Parker and Constable to induce them to say it was a busy day - there had been a mistake in counting sacks a day or two before.
COURT. Q. What time of day was it the dinner was brought by the wife? A. I suppose about twelve o'clock - I cannot say how long the wife waited - to the best of my recollection, Crouch's van was there from eleven to twelve o'clock - I cannot say whether the dinner came while the van was there.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you help to load the van? A. No; I saw Constable and Parker filling sacks - the sacks were brought up by a truck or on a man's back - I cannot tell whether there were more than twenty-six sacks.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELLAM
               



             (police-constable, N 86). I drove the van with the thirteen quarters of corn in it to Edmonton. I did not alter it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HERITAGE
               



            . I am clerk to the magistrates at Worship-street. I took down from Hilton's mouth what he said when called on for his defence - I read it to him - he did not sign it, nor make a mark - it was read it to him - he did not sign it, nor make a mark - it was read twice to him, and the magistrate signed it - I asked if it was true, and if he had any additions to make. (Read.) "The prisoner Hilton says, I received sacks for thirteen quarters of my master - I only received thirteen quarters of corn from Mr. Lucas's granary; but at Stones-end, a man whom I know by sight but not by name, asked me to carry two sacks of corn for him, and pitch them at the Elephant, which I did."
"The prisoners, Constable and Parker, said that which was stated by Mr. Lucas and the constable Clark, was correct."
COURT to J. CLARK. Q. What kind of sacks were those which were taken from the van? A. One was an old flour sack, and the other had the name of "Allen" on it.
COURT to Mr. LUCAS. Q. What kind of sacks had you in your granary? A. All sorts, almost - I think I might say no flour sacks of my own - I am not aware whether I had any with the name of "Allen" on them.
COURT to J. V. CROUCH. Q. What kind of sacks did you give Hilton? A. Some of my own, and some with odd marks - I do not know whether I had any with the name of"Allen" on them - I have known Hilton for nearly four years, he had a very good character.
(James Winch, a publican, gave Lewis a good character; and Andrew Realton, of Edmonton, gave Hilton a good character.)
HILTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LEWIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
CONSTABLE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
PARKER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
