





1248. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TABBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April
, 4 half-crowns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           George
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  GEORGE
               



            . I lost four half-crowns on the 24th of April from my left-hand breeches pocket, between twelve and one o'clock in the morning, as I was passing Smithfield-bars


 - I took out half a crown to go and have some supper, and my money fell down; I picked it up, and was walking away when the prisoner came and put his hand into my pocket - I caught his hand, but he got from me; the officer took him - I cannot be positive of his person - I was very much in liquor.
JOHN SNOWSILL. I was in Smithfield - I saw the prosecutor take out half a crown, which he dropped; he stooped to pick it up. and some one shoved him over it -I turned, and seized a tall man; he said he was not the man - the prosecutor then said he was robbed of four half-crowns.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. He was very tipsy? A. Yes - he said he was robbed, and several persons came up; I did not see the prisoner till the officer had hold of him.


                  JOHN 
                  CARLISLE
               



            . I am an officer. I was present and saw the mob - I went up, and heard the prosecutor say he had dropped half a crown, and on stooping to pick it up, some person shoved him down; I stood close at his elbow, and all in a minute the prisoner came and put his hand into his left-hand pocket, and put something into his own pocket; I saw the prosecutor lay hold of his wrist, but he twisted from him - I followed, and took him; I took hold of one of his hands, and told the watchman to take his other hand; I took him to the Compter, and found four half-crowns in his left-hand pocket.
Cross-examined. Q. What did the prosecutor say? A. He said he dropped one, and had four more in his pocket - I gave this account to the Magistrate; when he had taken the money he ran into the mob, but was not out of my sight a minute - when I took him, the prosecutor said, "He is the man that had his hand in my pocket;" he did express some doubt of him, but he was drunk.
MR. CLARKSON to 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  GEORGE
               



            . Q. Is it true that you cannot say whether the prisoner is the person? A. I thought he was at the time, but I cannot be sure, beingin such a state of intoxication; I did not point out any one else - I pointed to the prisoner, and said, "That is the person;" the officer came up directly he heard of it - I did not say I was robbed till he had put his hand into my pocket; I do not know whether the officer was on the spot when his hand was in my pocket.
MR. CLARKSON to 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SNOWSILL
               



            . Q. Was the officer there at the time the prosecutor said he was robbed? A. I cannot tell; I do not think he was so near as to see a person commit the robbery - I was holding a tall man, and was accusing him of picking up the half-crown; there were a great many people there - I did not see the officer; I cannot tell whether I was near enough to have seen him.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been taking supper at an eating-house; when I came out I saw the prosecutor - he said he had been robbed, and charged several people with the theft; I said I had half a crown in my pocket, and may be that was his, and the officer took me - I had received four half-crowns and two shillings.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
