



2116. 




JAMES DAVIS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
5th of September, 1 gown, value 2l.; and 1 whistle, value 2s., goods of 



John Philip Perry.






JOHN PHILIP PERRY
. I keep a shop next door to the Crown and Anchor, St. Pancras. The leads of my house and the public-house join, and are only divided by an iron railing—I was serving in my shop on the 5th of September, about half-past eight o'clock, and heard Hardman calling me—I ran up stairs—when I got on the landing, opposite the door that leads to the leads, she spoke to me—I ran on to the leads, and while getting over the iron railing I heard a cry, "Master, master I have got a thief"—I ran in, and several soldiers said, "That is the thief"—I took the prisoner by the collar, and he dropped a child's whistle on the stairs, which I picked up—it is mine—this gown was seen in his possession by the waiter—it is my wife's.

Prisoner. Q. can you swear that the whistle was in my possession? A. Yes. because you dropped it by your side, and I picked it up.





ELIZABETH HARDMAN
. I am servant to Mr. Perry. I went up stairs that night—I heard a noise in the room as I opened the door—the table was against it—I peeped in, and saw a foot going out of the windows—I called my master—I saw nothing of the gown—I know it is my mistress's.





RICHARD HATCH
. I am waiter at the Crown and Anchor. The prisoner and another man came into our singing-room about a quarter-past eight o'clock that night—they had a pint of beer, and when they drank it, they

went out together—about a quarter of an hour, or twenty minutes after, I was going out of the room door, and saw a person running down stairs as fast as he could, and then I saw the prisoner running down after him, and he had something white—they were running from the singing-room—the leads are even with that room—the prisoner had something, doubling it up—I said, "Halloo I what are you up to?—he said he did not know—he walked back on the leads again—I went up to him, and saw something in his hand—I took hold of his collar, and he dropped it—I thought it was linen, and he came on the passage with me—I hallooed to my master, and while I was hallooing Mr. Perry came over—I delivered the prisoner to him—I went back, and took the gown up, and gave it to my mistress—this is it.

Prisoner. Q. You say, when you took me I had the gown in my possession? A. Yes—you took three steps back, when I took you, and dropped it, and I had hold of your collar—Mr. Perry did not suspect any thing was there—he came over it.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
