





2186. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of August
, 1 waistcoat, value 4s.; 1 tablecloth, value 2s.; 1 pair of scissors, value 2s.; 1 jacket, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of trousers, value 1s., and 1 handkerchief, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Goodman
                        




                     
                  ; and that he he had been before convicted of felony
            .
CHARLES GOODMAN. I live in Margaret-court, Oxford-market


, and am a tailor
. I lost these things on the 23rd of August - they were worth about 12s.; they had been safe in my house the night before, and I missed them between six and seven o'clock in the morning from the back room, at the top of the house, where I work, and where my children sleep.


                  GEORGE 
                  JOHN RESTIEAUX
               



             (Police-constable E 49). I took the the prisoner into custody on the 23rd of August, between six and seven o'clock in the morning; he had in his basket the articles stated in the indictment; and he had, concealed in his sleeve, three keys and a purse, with 12s. 6d.; one of the keys opens the door of the house in which the prosecutor lives - it is a latch-key; I asked how he got the things, but he would not say any thing, but pretended to cry - he was particularly reserved.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  VENNEL
               



             (Police-constable S 140). I have a certificate of the conviction of the prisoner, which I got from Mr. Clark's office; I was present when the prisoner was tried on the 16th of February - he is the person, and was three months in Newgate.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
