



349. 




WILLIAM HEDGES, alias
 Cripps

. was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of December, 1 gelding, price 7l., the property of 



George Lake.






GEORGE LAKE
. I am a horse-dealer, and live at Harefield, in Middlesex. In December last, I had a gelding in a field belonging to me at Harefield, adjoining the road—I had turned it out on Sunday the 17th of December last year—I went on the Monday morning, the 18th, about seven o'clock, and it was gone—I saw it again eight days afterwards—it was sent to me by the witness Townsend, who found it in London—I had seen the prisoner at my house on the Saturday evening—he worked, I understand, at a farm adjoining my field—he said when he came into my house, "Lake, do you turn your horse out now?"—I said, "Sometimes I do."





FREDERICK PRINCE
. I am a City policeman. About the middle of December last year, I saw the prisoner in Smithfield, with a black horse with one eye—I was present when he sold it to Taylor for 1l. 2s.—I followed the prisoner, and asked him if the horse belonged to him—he said "Yes"—I asked him where he came from—he said "From Harefield"—I asked why he sold the horse?—he said "It was aged, and had lost one eye, and he had no further use for it."

Prisoner. Q. Did you see Taylor pay me 1l. 2s. for it? A. I saw money pass between you—I cannot say it was 22s.—he took the horse away with him in less than ten minutes.





JAMES TAYLOR
. On the Monday before last Christmas, I purchased a black gelding of the prisoner for 22s. It was facing the Rose-inn, Smithfield—it was claimed on the Friday following, and given up to Townsend.

Prisoner. He said at Uxbridge he would not swear to me, for it was a man a head and shoulders taller—the prosecutor said, if he did not, he should be prosecuted himself; and then he turned round, and directly said it was me. Witness. He had a great-eoat on when I bought the horse—I said at first that the man was half a head taller—I am certain it was the prisoner—I gave him 9s. or 10s., and ran home all the way to the Bird-cage, to fetch the other money, as I had not got it about me—I was gone about three-quarters of an hour.





SAMUEL TOWNSEND
. I know the prosecutor, and know a horse that was sold by my father to him—in consequence of information last December,

I looked out for the horse, and found it in possession of James Taylor—I delivered the same horse to the prosecutor.





JOHN ATKINS
. I am a constable of Harefield. In December last year, about one or two o'clock, one Sunday night, I heard the prisoner, who lived next door to me, going out—I got up, and saw him go out in a direction towards Lake's field.

Prisoner. It is as false an oath as ever a man took in this world—I would rather stand in my place than take such a false oath.




GUILTY
.* Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.
