





361. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of December
, I purse, value 1d., and 16s., the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        Culham
                     




                  , from his person
            .
GEORGE CULHAM. I saw the prisoner on the 19th of December, in Osborne-street, Whitechapel: she invited me to go with her, but I refused, and kept straight on - when we got to Wentworth-street


 she closed on me, and shoved her hand into my trousers pocket; she drew out my purse- there were two more girls stood by; I could not see her hand in my pocket, but I felt it - they all closed round me and then ran down Wentworth-street; the prisoner was a-head - I followed her, and she went into a public-house; I went in, but could not see her, and was glad when I got out.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.What time was this? A. A few minutes after four o'clock in the afternoon on the Saturday, and she was taken on the Sunday; the two others were not in her company till I attempted to run, then they caught hold of my coat, and detained me - I felt a hand in my pocket; I had an umbrella in one of my hands - I called out that I was robbed, and Stop thief! and the other girls seized me: it had been in my right-hand pocket, and my right hand was at liberty; the prisoner was on my right side, and the other two behind- I had no opportunity of seizing her, but I felt the money rattle in my right-hand pocket; I had no thought I was going to be robbed, but I put my hand down, and found my pocket turned inside out - I certainly felt her hand in my pocket; I have never found my purse - I will not swear whether the prisoner went into the public-house or down an alley; I lost sight of her: there were 16s. or 18s.in it; I had had it out at Mr. Ceal's, to pay for some tobacco; I had 24s. or 25s. when I was there - I had I lb. of tobacco, and had 16s. or 18s. left; I had not known the prisoner before - I was perfectly sober.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PRENDERGASS
               



            . I took the prisoner from information given at the office on Saturday night, by the prosecutor - I found her walking with two other girls, at half-past five o'clock the next evening; the prosecutor was with me, and immediately the prisoner saw him she turned her head - I took no notice of that, but brought all the three girls to the gas-light; the prosecutor pointed out the prisoner - she denied all knowledge of him or the robbery. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
