





125. 
               
                  
                     LOUISA 
                     WINES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 30th of October
, 5 half-crowns and 3 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Fitch
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FITCH
               



            . I keep a sweet stuff shop
 and live at Chelsea. On the 30th of October I went to the Vauxhall-road to buy some sugar and things which I use; it was between nine and ten o'clock at night - the prisoner came up to me on the road and asked me to give her something to drink; I thought she knew me, and I said"Yes" - she went the same way that I did, and I treated her with a glass of gin and had a pint of ale myself - she said she was going the same way I was, and she worked four days in the week for Mr. Martin the market-gardener, and all on a sudden, when she found I wished to go, she pressed against me - I wished to go because I found she did not know me - I found by her discourse that I had been deceived; when I was going she squeezed against me; that was against the Willow-walk


 stile - I caught her hand coming out of my pocket; I said, "What are you at?" She said, "nothing." - I said, "But you have got money out of my pocket;" she said "No, you are joking, I have got but a penny about me" - I said,"You have, and I will tell you what you have got" - I then pulled out my money and told her; she said, she wished she might drop into the earth if she had got any money but a penny - I said, she should not go; I would give her to the policeman; and she said, she was willing to go anywhere - I called the policeman and said she had robbed me of 5 half-crowns and 3 shillings; he said, she must go along with him; she said, she was willing to go anywhere - he took her to the watch-house; and a woman found the money on her.
Prisoner. Every word he says is lies. He overtook me at Milbank and we came along the road; but we were never closer than we are now. He said I should have something to drink, and he called for a pint of ale, which I can bring the landlord to prove. I said, I had been working hard all day, and I would rather have a glass of gin, which I paid for; and the policeman told him, he would put him into the way to get my money; because he had seen what I had when I paid for the gin.


                  MARY 
                  GOOSE
               



            . I searched the prisoner at the watch-house; I took her into the room, she said she had nomoney about her, but I searched her and found four half-crowns, three shillings, and one halfpenny in a glove in her pocket, and she then said there ought to be more.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  ECCLES
               



             (police-constable B 102). I took the prisoner, but found no money on her; the prosecutor said he had six half-crowns in his pocket, and had only one left - he was perfectly sober.
Prisoner's Defence (written). I met my prosecutor, who asked me to have something to drink, which I refused, but he would not let me go till we had; he called for a pint of ale, which I told him I could not drink, and called for a glass of gin, I paid for it myself, having some silver in my hand. He saw I had money in my hand. I bid him good night, and he said,"No, stop with me." I told him I must go, and put the children to bed - I was going, he said, "You have some of my money." I said, "No; I have none but what is my own;" having been about a pair of boots for my husband, but they were not done, he gave me in charge, saying he had lost his money. The policeman and his wife searched me, and there was thirteen shillings found upon me, which I had from my husband to support my family with during the week. I declare I never saw any money belonging to my prosecutor, but some halfpence, which he paid for the ale.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
