



988. 




GEORGE PAYNE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
16th of February, 1 shawl, value 10s., the goods of 



William Henry Hutchins.






WILLIAM HARVEY
. I am a bricklayer. On the 16th of February, about twenty minutes after seven o'clock in the evening, I was in High-street, Whitechapel, and, passing Mr. Hutchins' shop, heard a noise at the iron bar—I turned my head, and saw the prisoner throw a shawl down, and run off towards Whitechapel church—I picked the shawl up, gave it to a person in the shop, and pursued the prisoner with several others, crying "Stop thief"—I did not lose sight of him—he stopped in a crowd, and then turned back—I kept alongside of him two or three hundred yards—he walked through a public-house—I followed, but not seeing him in there, and knowing there was another way out, I went round the other way, and took him, and told him he must go back with me to Mr. Hutchins'—I am sure he is the same person.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How far from Mr. Hutchins' door did the shawl drop? A. Very near; within a foot or two—the shawls were fastened to the iron bar, which I heard move.





JAMES EAVES
. I am a policeman. I produce the shawl which Harvey gave me.





WILLIAM HENRY HUTCHINS
. I am a linen-draper, in High-street, Whitechapel. This is my shawl—(looking at it)—it was hanging with others over a shawl-stand, pinned to an iron upright, which goes from the ceiling to the floor—it must have had some force to pull it down.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it inside or outside the shop? A. Inside, about four or five feet—I was in the shop at the time—the shawl has my mark on it—I have no partner—I had one, a gentleman in the City, but he ceased to be so about twelve months since—the firm was Hutchins and Co.—that name remained up till the 14th of January, when I altered it to Hutchins only—I am not now in partnership with any body—a gentleman lends me a sum of money to work the business, for which I pay him interest—I am alone responsible to my creditors—no one has any interest in the business but myself—I have had no partner for the last twelve months.




GUILTY
.* Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
