







40. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     MOORE
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GREENHOUGH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering a certain warehouse belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Garrett
                        




                     
                   and another, on the 28th of October
, at All Saints, Poplar


, and stealing 270 lbs. weight of nails, value 10l., their property
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GARRETT
               



            . I am a ship-builder
, and have a partner; we have a warehouse near the Folly-house, Blackwall - no one sleeps there. On the 28th of October we had a large quantity of copper nails there - my partner took them in about dusk, between five and six o'clock, but I did not see them; I did not lock up the premises that night, but next morning, between six and seven o'clock, I went there - my partner was there before me; I found the lock had been broken open, and the nails were missing - they had been in a box; I know nothing of the prisoners - there were bags containing nails there.


                  THOMAS 
                  WESTBROOK
               



            . I am a partnership with the last witness. A box containing two hundred weight and two quarters of composition nails was delivered to me - there were other nails, and some copper nails, but not in the same warehouse as these were; I locked the door five minutes before six o'clock on the evening of the 28th - it was customary with me to lock the outer-gate, and no person could get in till I came the next morning; I went in the morning, between six and seven o'clock - the outer gate was burst open; I then went to the warehouse these nails had been in, and found the lock broken to atoms - the nails which I had taken in were missing, and a few strewed on the floor; a bag of iron nails had the nails emptied out, and the bag was gone - the 28th was on a Thursday.


                  RICHARD 
                  HARDY
               



            . I am a green-grocer, and live at No. 6, Phoebe-street, Poplar. I go about with greens. On Friday morning, the 29th, between ten and eleven o'clock, I was out, and saw Sullivan coming across the marshes, about half a mile from the prosecutor's ware-house - he had a small loaf and a piece of cheese in his hand; Greenbough was standing near Mr. Hudson's hedge, waiting for Sullivan, as I suppose - Sullivan gave him a slice of bread and cheese, and they proceeded on to Mr. Lambert's gate; I waited about five minutes, when I saw Moore in a green bodied cart - he passed my cart, and went on to the other two prisoners; I then saw Moore and Sullivan drag a bag out of a ditch, but what it contained I could not tell - I proceeded on towards Blackwall, and saw Moore coming in his cart to meet me, but he turned aside on the grass plot that I might not see what was in the cart; I had not passed above four hundred yards when Moore turned his cart again, and took in a second bag, which Greenbough brought out on his shoulder, but I did not see from whence he brought it; Sullivan took it from him, and put it into the cart - it appeared to be heavy; I gave information to the Police.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What time was this? A. Between ten and eleven o'clock; I suppose there was abundance of time to have got a cart - I have seen the horse to-day, and he appears to be blind.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBBINS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. In consequence of information I stopped the cart, on the 29th of October, with my brother officer; about a quarter of a mile before we met the cart, Moore, who was driving, turned, and went very near half a mile - we went in chase of him, and overtook him; we found this bag of nails in the cart, and some bed-ticking over them - I got into the cart, and Moore drove to the station-house; in going along he put his hand into the bag, and said, "I should like to see what they are, and how soon an innocent man may be brought into trouble;" as we were taking him to the office the following night, he said he knew Sullivan, but did not know the other, only by his dress.
Cross-examined. Q. I believe he gave what direction he could, as to finding Sullivan? A. Yes, and he said he had seen him two or three times - that he came to his house and employed him to take these things; I did not know Moore - he took out two or three nails from the bag when he put his hand in, and I told him to leave them alone - I weighed them; there are 474 lbs.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAMBERS
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I went and found Greenhough - my brother officer took him, and I went and found Sullivan, from the description Moore had given; I called him back, and took him.


                  THOMAS 
                  WESTBROOK
               



            . This property corresponds as near as possible with what was left on the floor.


                  RICHARD 
                  LEVETT
               



            . I am an ironmonger. On the 2nd of October I sent some nails to the prosecutors', and I have no doubt these are part of them.

Witnesses for the Defence.,
- THOMAS. I am an officer of Police. I asked Moore who the persons were, and he described them - I know the horse and cart are his own; I knew him as a Bow-street officer, the same as I was, and he had a good character.


                  MATTHEW 
                  LEVY
               



            . I am a rag-dealer and broker. Sullivan came to me between six and seven o'clock in the morning, and asked me if I would do a job for him; I said, "What is it?" he said to take some new nails which they had found in a ditch - I said I wanted nothing to do with such jobs as that, and I sent him away.
GREENHOUGH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
SULLIVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Life
            .
MOORE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
