





932. 




WILLIAM PRINCE
 and 



THOMAS GASKINS
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
5th of March, at 
Ealing, 1 cash-box, value 2s. 6d.; 5 sovereigns; 1 half-sovereign; 4 half-crowns; 10 shillings; and 4 sixpences; the goods and monies of 



John Blake, in his dwelling-house.






JOHN BLAKE
. I am a grocer, and live at Old Brentford, in the parish of Ealing. On the 5th of March, I went to Hanwell, and left my cash-box under my counter, in my shop—I locked it, and left between 6l. and 7l. in it, in gold and silver—about six or seven o'clock that evening, went to put the money into it, from the till, and found it was gone—there were bills and memorandums in it, besides—it was brought to me next day, broken open—the papers were found in the Duke of Northumberland's park, tied in a handkerchief—one of my sovereigns had a peculiar stamp on it—Gaskins is a customer of mine, and was frequently at the shop—he lives only a few doors from my house—I rent the whole house.





WILLIAM HUGHES
. I am a constable of Old Brentford. The day before the 5th of March, I saw the prisoner Gaskins looking closely throught the prosecutor's window, and Prince on the edge of the path—Gaskins could see the cash-box lifted up and down, where he was looking—I saw the prisoners there twice, the night before the robbery—it is a low window—I could see from the pathway into the shop—on the night of the robbery I saw them passing by the house, and they looked towards the tide door, and one spoke to the other—that was between five and six o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is it a public street? A. Yes.





STEPHEN CULLUM MARCHANT
. I am Inspector of the Police. I heard of the robbery, and caused the two prisoners to be taken into custody—I found no money on Prince—I asked him if he had lately paid any money away—he said he had not—I asked if he had spent any, or given any to any person—he said he had not—I went afterwards to Mr. Austin, of Kew—he produced thirty sovereigns, out of which I picked one which answered the description of a mark given to me—I knew both the prisoners before—they are constantly together.

Cross-examined. Q. You would not be surprised at seeing them together one night more than another? A. No.





ALFRED WILLIAMS
. I am the son of Mr. Williams, a linen-draper, at Brentford. On Thursday evening, the 5th of March, Prince came to our house, to buy two silk handkerchiefs, and gave me a marked sovereign for them—they came to 9s. 6d.—I gave him the change—my attention was drawn to the sovereign when he paid it to me—it was dented in two places as if marked with a punch—I believe this to be it, from the two marks—one mark is rather smaller than the other, which I observed at the time.

Cross-examined. Q. What became of the sovereign he gave you? A. I put it into the till—my father took it out with others, and paid it to a person at Kew—I did not see all my father paid away.





THOMAS TUNSTALL SAUNDERS
. On Thursday evening, the 5th of March, Prince came to my shop at Old Brentford, and asked the price of a good pair of trowsers—I said 24s.—he asked if I could make him a pair for 1l.—I said I could—I measured him—he put his band into his pocket, and gave me a sovereign—I did not ask him for the money in advance—they were to be ready by Saturday.





JOHN BLAKE

re-examined. I can swear to this sovereign being in my cash-box at the time I lost it,

Cross-examined. Q. How long had you had it? A. I cannot say—I

swear I took it within a week—I cannot say who I took it from—I never saw a sovereign marked in that way before.

COURT. Q. How often had you seen it? A. I do not recollect—perhaps half a dozen times—I think I saw it the evening I lost it—I had my cash-box safe at half-past five o'clock—I had seen the sovereign in the course of the day—I am sure I did not pay it away—I paid no money away that day.





JOHN AUSTIN
. I took a marked sovereign of Mr. Williams, on Friday morning, in change for a cheque, but I observed no particular mark upon it at the time—Marchant afterwards picked a sovereign out from my money.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you any sovereigns which you did not receive from him? A. I believe I might, I cannot say this sovereign is one of those I received from Williams—I am certain I kept that money separate.
(Henry Hall, lighterman, New Brentford; Joshua Maddox, waterman, Brentford; and Sophia White, wife of a shoe-maker, at Brentford; gave the prisoner, Prince, a good character.)

PRINCE—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Life.

GASKINS—


NOT GUILTY
.
