







301. 
               
                  BARTHOLOMEW 
                  MARSHALL
               



            , 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BOSS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  STAINES
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of January
, 2 coats, value 27s.; 1 waistcoat, value 3s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 3s., and 2 shirts, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Bell
               




            .
MR. LEE conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  BELL
               



            . I am cellarman
 at St. Giles's work house


. I had a box, containing these articles, standing on the landing place close by where I sleep - Boss was a pauper in the house, and had liberty to go about some parts of the house; I saw my articles safe about five weeks ago - last Saturday I found my trunk broken open, and the things stated were missing.

DANIEL RYAN. I am a pauper in the poor-house; Boss came to me on the Thursday evening, and told me to go and look for Staines - I went, and told Staines that Boss wanted him; he was to go to the dust-hole gate - he went there; I saw Boss go up stairs and bring a bundle down, which he threw on the ward, No. 32 - the watchman then came out of his box, and looked about the yard; he then went into his box again, and then Boss got on to the ward No. 31, and on to No. 32, and asked me to get up with him; I did so - he told me to look over, which I did, and saw Staines and 
               
                  Betsy 
                  Daly
               



             - he threw the bundle down, and I believe Staines took it up: I do not know the size of the ward - it has ten or fifteen beds in it; the wards are against the wall, and the windows look into the yard.
ELIZABETH DALY. I live in Drury-lane. On Thursday evening last, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Staines
               



             came and said there was a person wished to speak with me in Short's-gardens; I went there - he went to the dust-hole gate, and a bundle came down off the back of the house; Staines took it up, and asked me to pawn it for him - it contained a coat and trousers, which I pawned in Tottenham-court-road.
JURY. Q. Did he know that any thing was to come down there? A. I do not know whether he expected any thing; he said a person wished to speak to me - he did not say any thing was coming down, nor any thing about it, but he took it up, and took it to the corner of Short's-gardens, and then told me to put it into my apron, which I did.
CATHERINE OLIVER. I live in King-street, Drury-lane. I met Marshall last Tuesday fortnight - he called me out, and asked me to pawn two or three things for him: I said I did not mind - I pawned a coat for 12s., and these two shirts and a waistcoat for 5s. 6d.
Marshall. Q.How many shirts did I give you? A. Two.
THOMAS LUCAS. I am shopman to Mr. Harrison, a pawnbroker of Tottenham-court-road. I have a coat and a pair of trousers pawned on the 7th by this girl, who gave her name Elizabeth Daly.
GEORGE EASTMAN. I am an apprentice to Mr. Jones. I have a shirt and a waistcoat pawned by Oliver on the 28th of December.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  LANE
               



            . I am foreman of St. Giles workhouse. I went into the yard, and saw Boss drop from a hole in the yard, on Thursday, the 7th of January.
Prisoner Boss. Q. You did not see me come down, you are short-sighted? A. Yes, I did see you - you brushed my arm as you came down; there were other persons there; I told the porter that you dropped down.
WILLIAM CULBERT. I am a tailor. I made this coat for Mr. Bell in July last - a part of it is my own work.
SAMUEL FORZMAN. I am an officer of St. Giles. I took the prisoners - Boss said he knew nothing about it.
Boss' Defence. I heard a voice in Short's-gardens, and got up to see - while I was there some persons called out, "The governor is coming!" and I got down, but Mr. Lane did not see me.
Staines' Defence. I went to the poor-house to get relief; Ryan called me to go and fetch Daly - I did, and then he told me to wait, as he had a parcel to give me for her to pawn - I waited there, and saw Ryan come across the roof of No. 32, and throw down the bundle; I took it up, gave it to her to pawn, and gave the money to him the next morning - I did not know they were stolen.


                  JOHN 
                  LANE
               



            . I omitted to state that Boss said before the Magistrate that Ryan wished him to take the bundle - I have always considered Boss as honest; he was stationed over the mills where they grind their own flour.
BOSS-

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
STAINES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MARSHALL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
