




1407. 




DANIEL RYAN
 and 




EDWARD HOWES
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of May, 19lbs. weight of leaden pipe, the goods of 



Daniel Farrow, and fixed to a certain building; against the Statute, &c.






SAMUEL FRANCIS
. I am a policeman. I was directed to watch the house, No. 1, Deer's-place, Somers-town on the 19th of May—I went there every half hour, and between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, while passing the back premises, I heard a noise in the front—(I had examined the house at half-past eleven o'clock, and it was all safe)—I found the door ajar, the windows open, and part of the brick wall knocked down—I entered the premises, and heard a knocking in front—I went away to call my brother-officer—we returned in five minutes, and met the two prisoners about twenty yards from the premises—I stopped them, and took them into custody, and afterwards Howes made his escape—I left Ryan in my brother constable's custody, and found a crow-bar in his hand—I followed Howes, and saw him throw something away, and after returning and searching the place, I found it was the key of the house—he was stopped in my sight by a policeman—on taking the prisoners to the station-house I found a knife on Howes—I went back to the house directly, and found they had got in at the windows at the back—there were marks up the wall—I found this lead within two or three yards of where we first stopped the prisoners—I am quite certain, when last at that place, there was no lead there, nor when I went to call my brother officer—on examination, I found the lead had been cut from the area, and along the passage into the back kitchen—it was pipe—here is part that was left on the premises—it tallied in all respects—it appeared to be cut by a knife.





SAMUEL TREVELTHAM
. I have known Mr. Farrow's house many years—the leaden pipe ran from the area into the back kitchen—I have compared the pipe with the place—it tallied exactly.





DANIEL FARROW
. I am a hair-dresser. This house belongs to me—I desired the policeman to watch it, as the tenants had run away without paying the rent.

Ryan's Defence. Coming home at a late hour, I met this man in a line with the house—I had a small trowel which I had been working with, and

I asked this man where he was going—he said he was going to sleep in that house, as he had the key given him by the person who had left the house—I said, "Have you not got a lodging in Weston-street?"—he said yes, but he owed a good deal for his lodging, and was ashamed to go home—I said he had better go home, and he might get work next week—so he came along with me, and the policeman came running round Brewer-street, and laid hold of me—I asked what it was for—he said, "No matter, come on"—Howes knows I was not in the house.

Howes's Defence. I met this man, he asked where I had been all day—I told him I had helped the people to move in the morning from the house, and that they gave me the key till they returned.





SAMUEL FRANCIS
. A crow-bar was found when Ryan was stopped—I took it out of his hand myself, and there are marks between the door and door-post which the crow-bar fitted—it is the back gate, not the street door, and a key which fitted the front door was found.

RYAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.

HOWES—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.




Transported for Seven Years.
