





1615. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PELHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of September
, 2 bags, value 1/2d.; 11 lbs. weight of sugar, value 5s. 6d., and 4 lbs. weight of coffee, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Deacon
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DEACON
               



            . I keep a shop
 in Skinner-street


; Samuel Pelham, the prisoner's brother, was in my employ. On the 1st of September I went to the Haymarket theatre, and left Samuel Pelham in charge of my shop - I returned unexpectedly at a quarter before eight o'clock; I did not enter the theatre - 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Pelham
               



             was in the shop; he seemed agitated, and was putting something under the counter with his foot; I went behind the counter, and found a canister of tea there and a paper bag - the prisoner was not there, but the following morning the next witness told me something; I went to her house, found two bags, one containing coffee, and the other sugar - I had the prisoner taken, and when before the Alderman he said he bought the goods at my house on the 1st of September, and paid his brother for them, but I do not recollect that he said what he paid; he is older than my servant - when I went home I found 6s. 6d. in the till; I had left 4s. 6d. in it - the 2s. would not pay for what I found.


                  SARAH 
                  SWILE
               



            . I live in Fleet-lane. The prisoner came there on the 1st of September, bought a 1d. pie, left two parcels, and offered me 6d to change - I had no change; he asked to leave these parce's for five or ten minutes, and said he would leave me the 1d. for the pie - he did not come again till between twelve and one o'clock the next day; I saw Mr. Deacon's name on the bag, and went and told him - he got an officer, and when the prisoner came he was taken: he first asked me for the two parcels - I said "I expected you last night;" he said, "I was prevented;" when the officer came he denied knowing any thing about the parcels - I said, "What, do you want to persuade me that I don't know you again?" he then said he was the man, and offered to pay the 1d. for the pie.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Where do you live? A. Near the bottom of Fleet-lane - Mr. Deacon lives at the bottom of Old Fleet-market; my shop is open, and within five minutes walk from the prosecutor's.


                  JAMES 
                  COLE
               



            . I am a City officer. I took the prisoner - I heard Mrs. Swile tell him he had left the bags; he at first denied it - she said she was positive he was the person; he still denied it, and said, "You had better walk with me to Mr. Deacon's" - he then offered the 1d. for the pie; he said before the Alderman that he bought them, and paid his brother for them - the parcels were in his presence at that time.
MR. DEACON. These are mine; they have my name on them.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose all the tea you send out is in paper of this sort? A. Yes, mostly - this mark is on almost all the tea and coffee that goes out; perhaps in the last six months I have sent out fifty such parcels; the only thing which I can distinguish these by, is, that they are an old weight; his brother was allowed to sell that night - the prisoner had been six months in my employ, but he was not so then.
Prisoner's Defence. I paid my brother for them, which he is here to witness now; my brother has been imprisoned all the while, though the bill was thrown out against him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PELHAM
               



            . I was in Mr. Deacon's service. On the night in question I sold my brother these articles which he is accused of stealing - he paid me 16s. 6d., which I gave Mr. Deacon on the 1st of September.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you mean to swear you paid him the money? A. Yes; he did find me kicking a parcel and a canister under the counter - I had the canister and bag on the floor to practise tying up tea; I was sitting on a stool - I was going to put it on the counter when I had got it into the bag; I did not find it more difficult there than on the counter - I do not know whether it was darker or not; I took the tea out of two canisters to practise mixing tea - I took the full value of it from my brother, and gave it to Mr. Deacon before he went out, but did not tell him what it was for; it was not entered in the book - it is not usual to enter articles which are paid for; I was taken up the next day - I did not tell Mr. Deacon this, because he would not believe me; I mentioned it before the Lord Mayor.
MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Was there a light in the shop? A. Yes, it was light all over - mixing teas is a usual thing at a tea-dealer's.
MR. DEACON re-examined. I had sent for a 1/2 cwt. of sugar, for the payment of which I gave him a sovereign - it came to 11s., and when I came home he gave me the 9s. which was all I received.


                  JAMES 
                  PARCELL
               



            . I am errand-boy to the prosecutor. He went to the play that night - he gave me the sovereign for the sugar; I took the change in and laid it on the counter - 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Pelham
               



             was there; I left it and came out.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
