





22. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PINK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of November
, 23 yards of woollen cloth, value 11l., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Fox
                     




                   and another, in the dwelling-house of the said John Fox
            .
JOHN FOX. I live in Basinghall-street


; the warehouse is part of the dwelling-house. On the 18th of November I missed an end of green cloth, containing twenty-three yards, worth about 11l., and a blue one, measuring twenty-four yards; I have not seen the green one since -I had seen it safe about one or two o'clock that afternoon.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.How do you know you saw it on the 18th? A. I recollect seeing it on the table - it was covered with paper, except at the end; I saw three cloths laying there with the tickets on them - a customer came in, and looked at this about one or two o'clock; I missed it at half-past five in the evening, when the officer came to inquire - it was a bright clear evening, about five o'clock; I cannot tell whether it was moonlight - my partner had put a private mark on the cloth, in my presence - I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  MARY 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Fox. On the 18th of November, about five o'clock, I was at the door, and saw the prisoner pass the private door, and go into the warehouse; nobody was with him when he went in, but before he went in he was standing at the door talking to the former prisoner - I saw him go into the warehouse, but did not see him come out; I am quite sure he is the man - I did not know whether he had business there or not.
Cross-examined. Q. The dustmen were at the door? A. Yes, taking the dust out - I was not paying particular attention to who went into the warehouse; I had not seen the prisoner before; I remarked him more than the other prisoner, because he looked at me as he passed the door, and they both stood at the door with their hands in their pockets, and kept continually looking at me; they were there three or four minutes - I paid as much attention to one as the other; they stood sideways; I could see both their faces at the same time - the prisoner had a black handkerchief, and was dressed in black, or very dark clothes; I could see his features as well as his clothes- I knew him by his features, by his clothes, and his person - I did not notice his feet; I should have known him if I had met him in the street or in the country - I saw him again on the 22nd of November, at Guildhall; I was told to go there to see if he was the man I had seen on master's premises - I left the door when I saw him turn into the warehouse, to put a candle on the stairs; I noticed him, because he kept looking at the door; I thought he went in on business - I had no particular reason for looking at him; the dustmen were down in the cellar when the prisoner entered the warehouse - I am quite sure the prisoner is the man.


                  ROBERT 
                  EARL
               



            . I am a paper-hanger, and live in Three Herring-court, Redcross-street - I know the prisoner well by sight. On the 18th of November, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Basinghall-street, and saw the prisoner come out of the passage of Mr. Fox's house; he had a piece of cloth under his arm about the size of that produced on the last trial - he proceeded from the passage, right opposite, up Church-passage, leading to Aldermanbury; I went down Basinghall-street and London-wall, and saw him cross from Aldermanbury to Aldermanbury-postern with the cloth under his arm - I there lost sight of him.
Cross-examined. Q.How near was you to him? A. I was close to him when he came out of the passage; it was not a very light night - it was gloomy; it was rather before five o'clock, I think; I work for Mr. Cooper, of St. Mary-axe, and a great many more people in the City - I was passing down the street, having done my work; I have known the prisoner for some months, but never spoke to him - he had dark clothes on; there was nobody in the street but the party who was with him, and I was rather afraid of them.
Q. How many were with him? A. I believe three or four - they were standing opposite; I walked after him some distance - he had a close bodied coat on; there was nobody with him, when I saw him again in Aldermambury; he didnot speak to the persons opposite, but one said to the other as I passed them, "They have only got two pieces:" it was too soon for me to see a watchman - I did not go into the prosecutor's to give information, because there was nobody passing in the street, and I thought I was in danger, as the others were standing opposite the door - I thought my life in danger, that was my only reason; it was too far to go to Cripplegate watch-house - I saw the end of the cloth out of the paper; I was asked to describe the colour before the Alderman, but could not: there was no dust cart at the door when I passed - I did not see the other man go in; I saw the prisoner come out, and two men opposite the door; it was a darkish evening, but I could see the features of the man by the gas, which shone on him in Aldermanbury Postern - he was at one corner and I at the other; I was about six yards from him.
MR. CLARKSON. Q.About how long have you known the prisoner? A. About eighteen months, but I had not seen him for ten months; I saw him at the warehouse door for about five minutes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENMAN
               



            . I am an officer. In consequence of information the prisoner was brought to me at Aldermanbury watch-house, on Monday, the 21st, between twelve and one o'clock at night; he was shown to Earl and Lewis, who both identified him directly they saw him.
Cross-examined. Q.Is there an officer named Norton? A. Yes; he brought him into my custody - he is not here.
MR. PRESTON. I am in partnership with Mr. Fox. I was on the premises on the 18th of November, and saw the green cloth about eleven o'clock in the morning; I never sold it - I left about four o'clock; I sleep at Pentonville.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you have no shopman? A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 18th of November, I went out at half-past one o'clock, to dinner, returned about half-past two, and was at work till half-past eight: I can prove I was at work at that time - I had regular work from my uncle for three or four months, and had no occasion to steal.


                  HENRY 
                  ARCHBOLD
               



             TODD. I have been a satin-dresser, but am now in the watch-motion way, and live in Clark-street, Little Sutton-street. I have known the prisoner about two years; he makes pinions for watches.
COURT. Q. You knew where he worked perhaps? A.In the same shop as I do, at Mr. Pink's, his uncles; I occupy the first floor in the house: his uncle is now confined with the rheumatism - my wife is his daughter, she is here: the prisoner went out to get his dinner about half-past one o'clock that day; he had his meals in the house, but sometimes went out to dinner - he returned about half-past three, and worked till about eight, as near as I can guess.
Q. On your oath, did he not leave the house long before nine o'clock? A. I cannot say, for I left the house to meet my wife about a quarter-past eight - I swear he was constantly in the house, from half-past three till about eight; he was taken up on the Monday, but I did not hear of it till the Tuesday, when his aunt went to see him - I did not go to the Magistrate to state that he was at home at the time - I did not know what he was in custody for till his aunt came back, between two and three o'clock: she did not go there till twelve - a person had been sent to our house about eight that morning to let us know he was in custody, and the aunt went to the Compter about ten or eleven; she returned about half-past eleven o'clock - I heard her say he was taken on suspicion of robbery; I did not ask when it was committed - I thought if he was innocent he would get off; his aunt dressed, and went to Guildhall - I heard the robbery was committed somewhere in Basinghall-street; she said so before she went to Guildhall - I did not inquire what time it was done, nor on what day; I believe he was only examined once - I believe the aunt did not appear before the Magistrate.
MR. FOX. There is an inner door to our warehouse, which opens into a passage.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
