




1988. 




HENRY WICKER
 and 




ROBERT WICKER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
3rd of August, at 
Barking, 2 mares, price 60l.; and 1 gelding, price 20l.; the property of 



William Robinson.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM ROBINSON
. I live at Horndon-on-the-Hill, in Essex, near Tilbury Fort. On Thursday, the 3rd of August, I had two mares and a gelding—I kept one mare in the stable, and the other and the gelding in a field—I saw them all safe in the forenoon, and they were missed next morning—I advertised them, and gave a description of them, and on the Wednesday following I saw one mare and the gelding in the possession of Avis, the officer.





JOHN CHANDLER
. I am the prosecutor's servant. I saw the mares and gelding safe at nine o'clock in the evening of the 3rd of August—one mare was in the stable, and the other with the gelding near the house.






JOSEPH CARVER
. I am a blacksmith, and live at Horndon-on-the-Hill. On Thursday evening, the 3rd of August, I saw the prisoner Robert Wicker passing through the village, alone, about eight o'clock—he was about the middle of the village, going towards Billericay—I had something to drink with him—I saw him again that evening, from nine to ten o'clock, and had more drink with him—I have known him six or seven years—from the time I met him till I left him was from eight till eleven o'clock—no one was with him the last time—he said he thought he should stay all night in the place if he could have a bed at the Bell at Horndon, but when he parted from me he said he was going to Billericay.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did he drink with you the first time you met him? A. Yes, when we got to my father's beer-shop, which was not five minutes' walk—we remained there a very few minutes—I then took out my uncle's horses, and left him at my father's—I found him there when I came back, and drank with him—Stock is two or three miles from Billericay—he did not ask me how far it was to Billericay.





ELIZA ROBINSON
. My father keeps the Swan, at Hornden. On Thurs day night, the 3rd of August, I saw the prisoner Henry Wicker there, and served him with a pint of ale—another man was with him.

Cross-examined. Q. Which of the prisoners did you see? A. This one, (pointing to Robert,) I had never seen him before—it was the one with a mark in his face, (Henry)—I took particular notice of that—I cannot say how long he was there—I did not speak to him—I did not see him again till he I was at Lambeth-street charged with stealing my uncle's horses—I did not tell the Magistrate he had a mark in his face—this is the first time I have mentioned it—I said I knew him, and positively swore to him—I pointed just now to Robert, but it was a mistake—I did not give myself time to look.





SAMUEL NEWCOMB
. I live at Galleywood Common, about two miles from Chelmsford. I have been working about four months at Horndon—I know both the prisoners—about half-past seven o'clock, on the 3rd of August, I saw them together in the village of Horndon, going towards Chelmsford—the prisoner Henry was one, and I do not know whether Robert was the other—I did not see his face, only his back—it was a person about his size—I said to a young man I work with, "There goes a young man I know; his name is Wicker"—I never knew either of them by the name of Haycock.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you say, "How do you do, Henry?" A. No—I never spoke to him—I saw him perhaps for about five minutes—I was sitting on a bench in the shop—I saw Henry's face—they were both walking one way, but Henry was looking at me, and I knew him—I was about twenty feet from them—it was about half-past seven o'clock.





JAMES HARRIS
. I work for Dr. Johnson, at Barking-side. On Friday, the 4th of August, about a quarter past four o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner with the scar on his face (Henry)—there were two more with him—they came by my house—they had three horses, or mares—I am not positive which—they rode broadside of one another—two of the horses had bridles on, and the other a hempen halter—I do not know the other man—I could not swear to the other prisoner—I had seen Henry before passing my house on the 28th of July—the three men were going towards the Bee-hive, on the road to Wanstead—I followed them about a mile and a half, as I was going to work there, at the turn of the road to Woodford.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it was the 4th of August? A. By the day of the month, by looking at the almanack, and seeing the day—

I am not a scholar myself, but another person looked for me—it was Friday morning; and if I am wrong, trace back—I know Henry by the mark in his cheek, and from having seen him on the 28th of July, as I was sitting, smoking a pipe, at my door—I saw him come along with two horses—one was a mare, but I am not positive whether the other was—it was at my own door, just as the clock struck five o'clock in the morning—I am sure that was on the 28th of July—I cannot speak to either of the other persons—I did not notice the horses on the 4th of August, to describe them—I did not see any saddle on them, but possibly there might be saddles—I was working in my garden—Henry was the nearest to me—it was a nice light morning.





GEORGE SAGGERS
. I am a labourer, and live at Barking-side. On Friday morning, the 4th of August, I was up before five o'clock, and saw the two prisoners—I am positive of them both—there was another person with them, and three horses—two were brown—one was a redder brown than the other, and the third a bright bay—the light brown one had a mark on the left side of the back—two had bridles, and the light-brown one a hempen halter—I have seen that horse since at the Red Lion, Whitechapel, in Avis's possession, and sworn to it—I was on the road-side—they passed me on the road going from Ilford towards Woodford-bridge.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen them before? A. Not to my knowledge—I met them—I was going one way and they the other—I made a stop when I saw them coming—I work for Mr. Griffin, a farmer, at Barking—I have had no conversation with Harris about this case—the mark was on the left side of the horse, about the middle of her back, just where a saddle would go, or a person would ride.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you find the same mark on the horse Avis showed you? A. Yes—I swear it was the same horse.





GEORGE AVIS
. I am an officer of Marlborough-street. In consequence of information, on Tuesday evening, the 8th of August, I went to a stable at the Star, St. John's Wood, and there received a horse which had been described in the Hue and Cry—I found a large blister or burn on the near side, which corresponded with the description—it was not such a mark as a saddle would make—I went down to Horndon-on-the-hill with it, on the Wednesday morning, and showed it to the prosecutor, who identified it at once, and the horse also stopped at his master's yard gate—I went to the same stable next morning and received a mare, which the prosecutor's brother identified—the two horses were shown by me to Saggers, and he pointed out the one with a scar on it.

Cross-examined. Q. You have nobody here to prove how the horses got to St. John's Wood? A. No.





SAMUEL PRENDERGAST
. I am an officer of Lambeth-street I took the prisoners into custody on Saturday, the 5th of August, in company with Taylor, at the Horns, Whitechapel—I asked them their names—they both said Haycock—I asked what part of the country they came from—they made no reply—I asked what labour they had been doing, and at last asked them if their names were not Wicker, which they denied—I then said I had a charge against them on suspicion of horse stealing, and took them into custody—in Henry's pocket I found a curb chain, a pair of scissors, and the thong of a whip—Taylor searched the other.





SAMUEL TAYLOR
. I was in company with Prendergast—I searched Robert and found a pair of spurs, a pocket-book, a sponge, two combs, and some other little articles.





WILLIAM CURTIS
. I am a constable of Billericay. I saw the prisoners

after they were in custody at Lambeth-street office—Robert said he wanted to speak to me—I went into the cell to him, and he said if I could do any thing for him he would tell me of twelve cases where we should get the property back and the people as well—I told him it was too late to do any thing for him—he had been charged with stealing these horses at that time—Henry was not within hearing.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you on terms of intimacy with him? A. Not very—I held a warrant against him, and had wanted him some time—I do not know whether he knew that—I was not examined before the Magistrate—I am a farmer and builder, as well as a constable—he saw me through the iron gate—I did not get him any beer or tobacco—his mother bought him some.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. It was after the examination that he sent for you? A. Yes.





HENRY SHERWIN
. I am an officer. I was in company with Avis when he brought the horse from the Star—he took the same horse to the prosecutor.

MR. PAYNE
called






SARAH CORNELL
. I live at Stock, which is three miles on the other side of Billericay, and six from Chelmsford—I know Robert Wicker—his family live at Stock, very little distance from me—on Friday morning, the 4th of August, I remember his coming home to Stock—he came to me between two and three o'clock in the morning for the key of the door, which his mother had left with me, as she went out nursing—I put the key out of the window to him—I saw him next morning, and carried him some water for his breakfast, and I saw him all that day in Stock—he did not leave at all on Friday—he remained there nearly a fortnight—it was on the 4th of July, that he came for the key—he was at home from the 4th of July till the 4th of August—it was about a month ago that he came to me for the key—I know it was the 4th of August—it was three weeks from this time, I believe.
(Daniel Howard, of Walbrook-place, gave the prisoner Henry a good character.)

HENRY WICKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

ROBERT WICKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 27. 



Transported for Life.
