





846. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CURTIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of January
, 2 sets of chaise harness, value 4l., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Brown
                     




                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .
GEORGE BROWN. I am a coachman
, and live in Belton-street, St. Giles'


. On the 18th of January the prisoner came to me and wanted to hire a harness on the following day to try a horse, for which he paid 2s.; he was to be home that evening, and if he was late was to send it home next morning - I had seen him before, and knew him well; next day, a man who had been with him came with a note, stating that he wanted another harness for a friend of his, who was going a few miles to try a horse, and would return it to-morrow; I questioned the man and let him have the harness - I received another note on the Monday - (I do not know in whose handwriting;) it stated that he had been detained, but would return on the Monday with the harness; the value of the first harness I lent to the prisoner was 2l.; I never saw him again till this day week, when I took him into custody - he seemed to have no knowledge of me; I said,"You recollect the harness" - he then offered to give me the key of his furniture, and do any thing if I would let him go; he said I had better take some remuneration than to prosecute him - he did not deny having it; nothing was said about the other harness.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EDWARD
               



             RUMSEY. I am a pawnbroker, and live in High-street, Bloomsbury. I produce a set of harness, pawned at my house on Friday, the 18th of January, for 1l., by the prisoner; I have not the least doubt of him - I know him well; he came to me before to know if I would take it in.


                  GEORGE 
                  BROWN
               



            . I know that harness; it is the second harness which I delivered in consequence of the note.
CHARLES MAYHEW. I am a constable. I received the prisoner in charge.
WILLIAM HONEY, to prove the former conviction, was not in attendance.
Prisoner's Defence. I gave it to a man to return.



               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
