






1682. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BARRETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LYDDIARD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of August
, 1 knife, value 6d.; 1 crown, and 2 half-crowns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Matthew 
                           Murphy
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MATTHEW MURPHY. On the 29th of August this property was in my left-hand pocket; at two o'clock that morning I met two men in Rosemary-lane, who asked me if I knew where they could get something to drink - I said No; I then went on, and met Lyddiard, who was a Policeman
 - I asked him, and he said he would show us where we could get something to drink; we went to a public-house - I asked the landlord if he could give me change for a sovereign, as I might give it away in place of a shilling; I asked him to give it me in as large money as he could - his wife counted out the money, and gave it me; Lyddiard then went out, and came in again in about an hour; I then went to give them a little more to drink - the landlord then cleared the house; I stood back, and the landlord told Lyddiard he had better see me down to the end of the court; he said, "I shall see what property he has about him;" I said, "No, you shan't, I can take care of my property as well as you;" he said, "I shall insist upon it;" he put his hand into my pocket, and took out the money - he laid it on the counter, and counted it, in the presence of the landlord - there was 1l. 0s. 9d., a penknife, and a button; he said to the landlord, "You see what I take from this man;" he then put it into a purse, and at that time Barrett knocked at the door - Lyddiard told him to take me down the court; Lyddiard followed us, and said, "This is the nearest way - come this way;" I turned down Four Awl-court, and when I got to the darkest part of the court, the two prisoners were behind me, and I heard some silver chink - I heard one say to the other, "Take more;" I turned round - Lyddiard came up to me, put the purse into my hand, and said, "Don't let me see you on my beat this morning;" I looked into the purse, and missed the property stated - I ran back to the public-house, and showed the landlord the money; I asked if that was all he had - he said No; at that moment Lyddiard came and knocked at the door - I charged him with taking it; he said it was no such thing, and took me to the watch-house.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. How many public-house had you been into? A. I believe one or two before this - I swear I had not been to three; I cannot say what I had drank - I did not take account of it; itmight be four or five pints of beer - I cannot say whether I had had any gin; I will swear I had not had six glasses of gin - I had not taken twelve glasses; I was not drunk - I was quite sensible; it was not because I was drunk that the landlord told the Policeman to take care of me, but there were some persons making a disturbance outside the door; to the best of my belief it was for that, and nothing else - I was sober enough to know what happened, or I should not have acted as I did; Lyddiard counted the money before the landlord, and I returned to the house - I had not been back two minutese before Lyddiard came back to the same house; I should think I left it a little after two o'clock - I had not begun drinking till about eight o'clock.


                  DAVID 
                  BOYD
               



            . I keep the public-house. My wife gave the prosecutor change for a sovereign - he had a crown and four half-crowns among his change; I had turned out two men who came in with the prosecutor, and when he was going I told Lyddiard to take care of him, as he had change for a sovereign - Lyddiard took out the money, counted it, put it into a purse, and took him out; I considered him not capable of taking care of himself - Lyddiard put the purse into his pocket, and said it would be as safe as if it were in the Bank of England: Barrett then knocked at the door, and Lyddiard said, "I have this man's property - see him out;" they then went out as it were, together - they had not been a great while gone before the prosecutor returned, and asked what the Policeman had received; he laid down his money, and I missed two half-crowns and one crown - by the time we had counted it, Lyddiard came back; the prosecutor said, "You have robbed me" - he denied it, and said, "Come along with me to the station-house;" they went away, and I saw no more of it - I said to Lyddiard, "There is a crown and two half-crowns missing;" he said, "It is all right enough - come along;" he gave me no explanation.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you written down the account? A. No - I considered the prosecutor drunk; the persons he first came in with were at the door - I do not think they were sober; from what I have seen and heard here I think the prosecutor has said what was as near right as possible; but I did not think him capable of taking care of himself - Lyddiard returned to the same house, and when he was accused, he said, "Come along, it is all right;" I shut the door, and heard no more.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHRISTIAN
               



            . I was at the station-house when Lyddiard brought the prosecutor in, he said he charged him with robbing him; I heard the charge, and ordered him into a private room; I asked what he had got; he said a shilling, and a few halfpence; I found a shilling, and 6d. worth of halfpence on him, this knife, and a button - I could find nothing else then - I just opened the door, the prosecutor saw the knife, and said, "That is my knife, and it has a broken blade," and that was his button; I found the knife had a broken blade, and considered it my duty to search Lyddiard again - in one of his boots I found two half-crowns; I then said I would go and fetch Barrett off his duty - he was also a Policeman
; I went and took him to the watch-house: I did not say what I wanted, but asked what he had got, and desired Walton to keep a sharp look out, and just as we got to the watch-house door, Walton said he heard something like silver thrown away; I searched Barrett, but found nothing on him - I went to the place where Walton said he heard something fall, and found the crown piece.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALTON
               



            . I went and saw Barrett put his hand into his right-hand trousers pocket; he kept it there two or three minutes; he then took it out, waved his hand several times, and then he threw something across the street; I went, but could find nothing; we took him to the watch-house, and then went back and found this crown piece.
Barrett's Defence. I never saw any of the man's money.
Lyddiard's Defence. The two half-crowns are part of 10s. which I received as a reward, before this happened; the knife I had, but with no felonious intention, it was put into my pocket; I kept it there, but I deny knowing any thing of his money.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHRISTIAN
               



            . There was a reward given some time before, but he denied that night having any money about him.
BARRETT - GUILTY. Aged 29.
LYDDIARD - GUILTY. Aged 36.




               Of stealing, but not from the person
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
