



721. 




JAMES WRIGHT
alias
 Davis

 was indicted

for uttering a counterfeit shilling to 



Nathaniel Smith, having been previously convicted as a common utterer of counterfeit coin.


The
HON. MR. SCARLETT
conducted the Prosecution.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of James Wright, at this Court, in February, 1835—I have examined it with the original record in Mr. Clark's office, and it is a true copy (read).





JOHN GREEN
. I am a policeman. I was in attendance in February Sessions last year, when the prisoner was tried in the New Court—he is the person who was tried for the offence mentioned in the record.





DANIEL GARDINER
. I am a brush-maker, and live in Wood-street, Spitalfields. The prisoner came to my shop on Thursday, the 11th of February, and asked for a sixpenny comb—I served him—he offered me half-a-crown—I gave him two shillings change—he walked out of my shop, which being rather dark, I followed him to the door with the half-crown in my hand, to look at it by the light—I perceived at the moment that it was a very bad one—I walked after him, and told him he had given me a bad half-crown—he was then talking to another man, and showing him the comb—he said he was sorry, but he had got no more money about him, I must take back the two shillings and the comb—I told him that would not do for me, for I saw another half-crown in his right hand—I had seen the other man slip it into his hand—he then gave it to me and asked if that would do—I have it now—it is a good one—I said they were regular passers of bad money—I took him to the station-house, and gave the policeman the bad half-crown, having marked it.





PATRICK LARKIN
. I am a policeman. I received the half-crown from Gardiner, which I produce—the prosecutor gave the prisoner into my charge—I searched him, and found on him two good shillings, a comb, and a pen-knife—he was discharged before the Magistrate on this charge.





NATHANIEL SMITH
. I keep a chandlers's shop in Upper Thames-street. The prisoner came to my shop on the evening of the 8th of February, and asked for a penny loaf—I put it down on the counter to him—he laid down a counterfeit shilling—I looked at it, and he asked me if I thought it was a bad one—I weighed it in the steelyard and found it light—I think

I told him it was bad, and asked if he had any other—he said no, and that he said he got it in the lane—I suppose he meant Rosemary-lane—I sent for an officer, and gave him in charge.

Prisoner. It was dropped on the floor, and was searched for with a candle. Witness. It fell on the floor, but I picked it up instantly—it was not searched for.





WILLIAM TARRANT
. I took the prisoner into custody, and received a counterfeit shilling from Smith—I searched the prisoner, but he had no other money about him.

MR. FIELD. This shilling is counterfeit, and the half-crown also.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
