



424. 



GEORGE FORBES ATKINSON
 was indicted

 for that he, on the 
10th of February, at 
St. James, Westminster, feloniously did falsely make and forge a certain bill of exchange for the payment of 4000l., with intent to defraud 



Lauderdale Maule.—2nd Count, for offering, uttering, disposing of, and putting off the same, with the like intent.—3rd 'and
4th COUNTS, stating his intent to be to defraud 



Richard Kirkman Lane,—5th and 6th COUNTS, to defraud 



Richard Henry Cox and others.



MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





CAPTAIN LAUDERDALE MAULE
. I am a Captain in the 79th Highland regiment—I was formerly in the 89th Foot—I am one of the sons of Lord Panmure. In the early part of 1835 I had occasion to borrow 1000l., and on the 11th of February I had an introduction to the prisoner for that purpose—I had a conversation with him upon the subject, and saw him again in consequence of that, on the 14th of February, at No. 107, Jermyn-street, which is an hotel, and on that occasion I accepted a bill of exchange—be-fore I accepted it, it was drawn and indorsed by Mr. Atkinson—I believe this to be my acceptance, which I gave him on the 14th of February, 1835—(looking at it)—I never gave him any other for that amount—it was drawn at three months date, and would be due in May—after I accepted it the prisoner was to get it discounted for my use—I waited some days to enable him to procure the money—on the 23rd of February 1 called on him on the subject, and he told me the bill for £1000 was too large, and that he could not get it discounted, and he said he thought he could get two for 500l. discounted better—he proposed to draw two: I said I would give him one in the mean time—he said, as the £1000 bill bore both our signatures, it might as well be destroyed; upon which he pulled from, (I believe,) his right-hand waistcoat-pocket, a piece of paper, which he said was my bill for 1000l.—he had it in his hands a little while—he unfolded it, tore it in two, and threw it on the fire—I believed it to be my acceptance for 1000l.—he did not put it into my hands—I saw it in his hand, but did not read it—it had every appearance of my bill—I then accepted the bill for £500—in consequence of information which I received, I called on him on the 1st of March—I had not then received any money at all from him—I never received any thing from him—when I called on him on the 1st of March, I requested him to return me my bill for £500—I do not exactly recollect whether I assigned any reason for doing so—to the best of my recollection he took it from a small pocket-book, and handed it to me—it was my bill—I examined it, tore it, and threw it into the fire—on the 1st of November I went abroad with my regiment, and while at Quebec I received a letter from Mr. Lane—I returned from Quebec about the middle of October, 1836, and was sent from Portsmouth to Glasgow without landing—I got leave of absence on the 17th of December, and on the 19th arrived in London, and, in consequence of information from Mr. Lane, in three days I went before a Magistrate.

Q. Look at this instrument; is that in the state it was when you accepted it, on the 14th of February, 1835? A. It is not—it has not the same period to run as it had when I accepted it—the word "three, previous to the word months, has been altered to twelve—I think the top of the in of the word three is quite apparent now—I also think the alteration is evident of the double—I think I perceive that still, and I also think the whole of the bill has been written over again—the size of the letters has been strengthened—the signature has not been touched—the words are the same as before, but they are done over again with a different and a stronger ink—what schoolboys call painting.

COURT.Q. You think the "G. F. Atkinson" stands as it did originally, but do you think your name has had a re-writing on it? A. No, I do not think my signature has been touched—the alteration does not apply to

the acceptance—it docs to the "G. F. Atkinson," but my name is evidently not affected.

MR. CLARKSON.Q. As it stands at present, with the word twelve instead of three, is the word twelve thicker in the strokes than the word three was in the bill? A. To the best of my recollection, it is—writing over the whole body of the bill would give it the same appearance as to thickness—until I received Mr. Lane's letter in May, 1836, I had not the slightest idea that any bill of exchange of mine, of twelve months after date, was in the market.

COURT. Q. Was the original bill drawn by the prisoner in your presence? A. It was—my signature was written with the same ink as the bill.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Can you recollect whether you wrote with the same pen as him? Q. I cannot—I never accepted a bill at twelve months after date in my life—I did not authorize him, after February, to negotiate for any purpose or any period, any bill of mine for £1000.—I did not authorize him, after I took back the £500 bill on the 1st of March, to I negotiate any bill for me whatever—I never gave or, lent him, for his accommodation, my acceptance for any sum.

Cross-examined by
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Where were you living at the time you accepted the bill? A. At the Colonnade hotel, Charles-street, St. James's-square—I was introduced to Mr. Atkinson on the 14th of February by a gentleman named Batters by, who is an officer in the army—I do not know whether he is dead—I never knew Captain Ashley, the son of Lord Shaftesbury—this transaction took plage at the York hotel—I never knew it by any name, except the York hotel, or Lane's hotel—I never knew it as the "Ton"—I may have been at the York hotel ten or twelve times—I never knew it called the "Ton"—I do not know that it is place where people meet for play.

Q. In what room did the transaction take place? A. In a room which I understood to be Mr. Atkinson's own room—it was a private room—there was nobody there but myself and him.

Q. How came you to negotiate with a man you had only known a few days, for the acceptance of a bill of exchange? A. I was introduced to him for that very purpose—I am not aware that he advertised as a moneylender, or any thing of the kind—he was to have no benefit from this bill, at least there was no agreement of that nature—I cannot recollect the precise conversation, the precise understanding that there was—he was not to have half the 1000l., the money was solely for ray own use—the bill is directed to me at Brechin Castle, Forfar, North Britain, which is my father's residence—it was my home when I chose to go there—I was in the army at the time—the bill might as well be presented there as any where else—there was no one present when the bill was accepted—the stamp was sent out for, to the best of my recollection, by Mr. Atkinson—I gave him the money to pay for it—I cannot recollect whether it was silver or gold that I gave him—I believe it was ten or twelve shillings, but I do not recollect—some house-boy was sent for it.

Q. How many days afterwards did you have your supposed £1000 bill back again? A. On the 1st of March, I think it was on a Sunday—there might have been somebody in the room when I gave the£500 bill, but I will not be positive—I do not think there was any body within bearing—I do not think it was in the same room where the first bill was accepted—I think the £500 bill was given back to me in the public room, as far as I can recollect, but I will

not be quite sure—I do not know whether there were persons there—I do not think there are boxes in the room—I did not have the bill in my hand which he tore up and threw into the fire—I went abroad on the 1st of November, to New York.

Q. Look at that bill again, and tell me do you mean to say there is any part of the letter h in it? A. To the best of my opinion the top of is visible—there is certainly a black stroke on the other side, but in my opinion it does not hide the top of the h—I think it evident the letter is has been there—I had no other acquaintance with Mr. Atkinson than what occurred in the coffee-house—I might have seen him, but I had no particular acquaintance with him—Captain Battersby lived in the same house, and I have seen Mr. Atkinson several times when I have called on Captain Battersby.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Pray, is the bill made payable at Cox and Greenwood's, although addressed to Brechin Castle? A. It is—that was done at my instance—Cox and Greenwood were my agents then—if I had received the money, I intended to have provided for it there at the end of three months—they were the agents for the regiment 1 was in—Captain Battersby is an officer I knew, and he lived in the same house as the prisoner appeared to be living in—I have dined once or twice in the house with Captain Battersby I believe—I recollect the prisoner's being present on one occasion at dinner—that was after I supposed the acceptance had been destroyed, to the best of my recollection.





RICHARD KIRKMAN LANE
. I am an attorney, and reside at No. 29, Argyle-street. 1 am the present holder of this acceptance, purporting to be at twelve months' date, for 1000l.—I received it from the prisoner about the 14th or 15th of February, 1836—it was in precisely the same state as it is now, with the exception that my indorsement has been since added and erased—when inquiry was made on the subject, I erased my indorsement, when I produced it at Bow-street.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known the prisoner before? A. About four or five years—I have brought an action against Captain Maule on the bill, by serviceable process—I examined the bill before I took it, with regard to the date, "February 28, 1835," and also with regard to the acceptanee. (The bill was here put in and read.)

MR. ADOLPHUS
addressed the Court and Jury on behalf of the prisoner.)




GUILTY
. Aged.—


Transported for Life.
First Jury, before Mr. Justice Patteson.
