



1921. 




SAMUEL HOOD
 was indicted

, for that he, on the 
10th of August, knowingly and feloniously did send to 



Sir Alexander Hood, bart., a letter demanding money from him, with menaces, and without any reasonable and probable cause.



MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





SIR ALEXANDER HOOD BART
. On the 10th of August I received this letter, at Mr. Green's hotel.

Prisoner. Q. Are you not aware of my relationship to you? A. No; I am not aware that you had any expectation from Lady Briport—you have received money from me—you wrote me a begging letter—I received a letter from my relations at Brighton, and in consequence I wrote this letter to Mr. Green, from Wooton—I know nothing about your letter to my sisters and my mother—I know you applied to them for money, and was troublesome at the door.

COURT. Q. You are doubtful whether he is any relation to you? A. It is impossible that I can say—I thought him a dissolute person—he has had money from me and my family, but was never acknowledged as a relation.





JAMES GREEN
. I am the proprietor of Green's Hotel, in Serie-street—I received this letter from Sir Alexander Hood—the prisoner came to my house on Monday week, he wished to have the letter read, and my eldest son began to read part of it, and the prisoner said, "Read the whole letter, I will go down and horsewhip Sir Alexander well, and after I have done that, I will shoot him, I will blow out his brains"—I did not give him into custody then, but I was sorry that I did nosy—he came again on the Wednesday and I gave him in charge—I had five him money, by direction of Sir Alexander's family, and had he conducted himself properly he would have had more—I know his handwriting—this letter and the envelope are both his writing.

Prisoner. Q. Have you given me money for Sir Alexander Hood? A. Yes; and I think more than once—and I have given you money from Lord Hood—you many times conducted yourself very improperly at my house; I thought at one time if you could have got a knife I should have felt it—I have seen your writing more than once, and I remarked to my family that you wrote a good hand.





THOMAS READ
. I am a clerk in the Twopenny Post-office—this letter is addressed to Sir Alexander Hood, Brunswick-terrace, Brighton—it was put into the twopenny post in Blackfriars-road, on the 10th of August, and taken to the Twopenny Post-office; it was then transferred to the General Post, to be forwarded to Brighton—it has the regular post-mark on it.





WILLIAM BOKENHAM
. I am a clerk in the General Post-office—this letter was duly forwarded to Brighton by the post-office—it has the London post-mark on it—I have no doubt it went in its regular course.





THOMAS JONES
. I was in the service of Sir Alexander Hood on the 11th of August—I was with his family at Brunswick-terrace—I received this letter on the 11th, and paid 1s. 5d. for it—it was forwarded to Lady Hood, and she forwarded it to Sir Alexander.
(Letters read.)
"Sir Alexander Hood is sorry to trouble Mr. Green upon the subject of that worthless person, who has been such a nuisance to his family, Samuel Hood. He has been to Brighton and alarmed Sir Alexander's family in his absence, and fortunately no gentleman being then present to advise them, he was not placed in the hands of the police; but they were induced by threats to say in writing that something might be given him through Mr. Green. His apparent desire was to go to Spain; if, therefore, he should put himself under the command of an officer in that service, Sir Alexander requests Mr. Green will advance to such officer, or acknowledged Spanish agent in London, to be paid only when he is in Spain, and then only for clothes and necessaries, five pounds; but on no account to

himself; and sir Alexander will, immediately upon Mr. Green's having done so, send the amount. Sir Alexander thinks it advisable to have him watched by the police, and requests Mr. Green, if he is on the same opinion, to mention the name of some vigilant person of that description to whom he may write to take him up if he comes into the country again, obtaining money under false pretences and threats. The five pounds can only be paid through one of the established agents, so that there may be no cheating. The person is no relation of Sir Alexander's us he calls himself,—Wooton, Glastonbury, August 10."
(The prisoner's letter was then read.) "Green's Hotel, Monday, August 20,
"SIR, I have just read your infamous epistle to Mr. Green. This is the second time you have endeavoured to swindle me out of what you promisled in writing, which I can, and will produce to the world, Shame! Shame! can you, Sir, stoop to deceive and defrand a distressed relative! 'If you call on Mr. G. in London, you shall have some money.' When I get there, I find I am to go to Spain—and when I should have got there, I should find Sir Alexander's word as much respected as it was at London. You have deceived me once before this, when you sent me to Plymouth, there years ago. You shall not, I swear by the great God of Heaven, deceive me again with impunity—no, you have goaded me to desperation by insult, deception, and falsehood. Perish I must, for I have no means of existing; but you, Sir, who promise but to deceive, shall not live to exult over my misfortunes. Were I to go to Spain, I should go as an officer, and the promise made to me, for your mother of yourself, must be fulfilled without conditions; the promise was made to me; on that I left for London. None but those lost to every feeling and principle of honour and honesty, would thus basely, for the sake of a few pounds, forfeit their written pledge. I write to you once again, Sir, from here; and I now state to you that the assistance promised me at Mr. Green's, must be given without any conditions; and then Sir, neither you nor any of your family, will hear from me again. I wait until Wednesday morning. If I have not any communication at Green's, I will call upon you at Brighton. My doing so, will at least give me an opportunity to prove that I did not take advantage of your absence; and it will most likely give me an opportunity of stating publicly, that you (in my opinion, and in the opinion of many hundred others), either cajoled old Lady Bridport into giving you all her property, or made the will yourself; the world will then have an opportunity of knowing Sir Alexander's chartacter as it really is, not as it may appear at this moment, superficially. If the 5l. promised is handed over to me, punish me for a perjured liar if I ever make an application to you again. I will call on Mr. G. on Wednesday morning, if I have no reply from him, I shall leave London directly for Brighton; that at least I may die at your threshould, the victim of your veracity and honour; but I will not die alone, worthless as you have dared to call me, I will prove that my carcase will be as valuable as the proud Sir Alexander Hood's. You drive me to madness, Sir, by your brutal and unmanly conduct. Why did your mother promise, if you or she intended to deceive? I wish to go to Spain, but not in the way you propose; I would much sooner blow your and mine own brains out, than submit to your ungenerous conditions! Why not have said at once, when I was at Brighton, that nothing should be done for me; why dishonourable cheat me into a belief that I should have it on my arrival in London; why inhumanely trifle with one who is almost starving—is this an aristocratic

feeling? No; no man of honour would forfeit his word, even a tradesman would have more honour than to shufile in the paltry was you have twice done with me. But rest assured, Sir, that I am not to be played with like a child. You have, by your insulting letter, roused feelings that even I regret to say, possess my wind in an excruciating degree. I repeat, Sir Alexander, that if you will allow the 5l. promised to me, to be given to me on Wednesday next, that I will immediately embark for Spain, and never trouble you or your family again, and will give Mr. Green an undetain to that effect, viz. to leave England in three days from thence. I am sure, after the promise made to me at Brighton, it will be impossible for you to refuse compliance with this request; and if I do not fulfill it, punish me as I should then merit; but which I do not, I thank God, yet deserve.—SAM. HOOD.
"Sir, If you will permit Mr. G to hand me over the 5l., I will engage to leave England in three days from that time, and give an acknowlegemeant that the money is advanced to me for that purpose, and that purpose alone, and; not to be applied to any other than forwarding my departure for Spain; this Sir, will be sufficient, and will enable you to punish me as I should disserve, if I appropriate the money to any other purpose. To accept the money under your conditions, would be to blast my hopes and prospects at once, and I might as well stop and perish here, us go abroad without a hope of rising in my profession. I am Sir, your obliged, but cruelly treated relative, SAM. HOOD."
(The prisoner, in a long address, stated that he had made frequent applicaions for pecuniary assistance—and that upon hearing the letter produced, read to him, to Mr. Green, he had written the one in questioin, under a state of great excitement, which he now regretted.)




GUILTY. Aged 26.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury.





Transported for Seven Years.
