





420. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of January
, 1 box, value 5s.; 1 coat, value 14s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 5s.; 1 hat, value 1s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s., and 1 shirt, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Lyons
                  




               
            .
DANIEL LYONS. I am a labourer
. I lost this property from Short's-gardens, Drury-lane


, where I lodge, on the 5th of January, out of the trunk, I left it safe when I went out to work - the prisoner is a stranger.


                  ANN 
                  LYONS
               



            . I am cousin of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Lyons
               



            , and livewith him. On the 5th of January I was going up to his room, about two o'clock, and met the prisoner coming down stairs with the trunk in his hand - when he saw me, he drove up again; I asked what he wanted, he said a woman, named Barnes, or some name like that- I said he had no right to go up, without inquiring; he said he saw no one in the house, and he thought no one lived there - I went into my brother's room, but did not then miss the trunk; the prisoner staid about twenty minutes, and then went down - I went to the room, and missed the trunk - I screamed out, and Mr. Conner stopped the prisoner with it.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  CONNER
               



            . I live in th same house - this girl called out; I ran down stairs and took the prisoner, who had just got to the door with the trunk.


                  THOMAS 
                  DELANY
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I was called, and took the prisoner with this trunk.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A man sent me into the house, and said he would give me so much to fetch the box down.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
