



2730. 




EDWARD MEMORY
 was indicted

for feloniously and knowingly uttering a counterfeit shilling, he having been previously convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.


THE HON. MR. SCARLETT
and
MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to her Majesty's Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Edward Memory, with another, for uttering counterfeit silver, in this Court, in April, 1836—I have examined it with the original record—it is a true copy—(read.)





EDWARD LANGLEY
 (police-constable A 11.) I know the prisoner—he was tried here in April, 1836, with a man named Turton, for uttering counterfeit coin—I was the officer in the case.





MARTHA PORTER
. I am barmaid to Mr. Jones, who keeps the Bell public-house, in York-street, Westminster. The prisoner came there on

the 30th of September, for two penny-worth of gin—I served him—he put down a shilling—I took it up, put it into the till, gave him change, and he went away—there were two fourpenny-pieces in the till, but I am quite sure there was no other shilling—I went to the till about an hour afterwards, and found the shilling there, but no other—I took it out, and sent it for some butter, by Thomas, the potman—he brought it back, and I sent it up stairs by Mrs. Sharp—on the 7th of October the prisoner came again for half a quartern of rum, which came to 2 1/2 d.—I knew him the again—I gave him the rum, and he put down a shilling, which I took up, put it between my teeth, and it bent—I then went into the tap-room, gave it to the potman, and sent him for a policeman, who came and took him—I saw the shilling given to him by Thomas, and I gave the policeman the first shilling my self—I took it out of the farthing drawer—it was sealed up in paper there Mr. James, my uncle, had done that.





SPENCER SELDEN
. I am potman at the Bell public-house. On the 30th of September Porter gave me a shilling—I went for some butter, and the shopman refused it—I took it back, and gave it to Porter—on the 7th of October I saw the prisoner at the bar—he laid down a shilling on the counter Porter took it up, and brought it to me—I bent it between my teeth—I kept it till I gave it to the policeman—I am called" Thomas" in the house.





HARRIET SHARP
. On the 30th of September Porter gave me a shilling which I took up to Miss James, and gave to her.





MARTHA JAMES
. Sharp brought me up the shilling on the 30th of October—I kept it till my father came, and then gave it to him—I saw him seal it up, and put it in the farthing drawer.





WILLIAM WARDLOW
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner on the 7th of October at the Bell public-house—I received a counterfeit shilling Porter, sealed up in paper, and the other from Spencer—I produce same shillings.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint, and have been many years—these shillings are both counterfeit in all respect.

Prisoner's Defence. I went there for the rum, but I do not recollect being there for six months before.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet..
