



252. 




GEORGE MARTIN
alias
 Booth

 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of April, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 



Alexander Robertson, from his person.






ALEXANDER ROBERTSON
. My office is in Austin Friars. On the 4th of April, about half-past seven o'clock, I was in Fleet-street—an officer told me something—I looked, and my handkerchief was gone from my pocket—I never saw it afterwards—the officer begged I would return, as his brother officer had got a prisoner—I returned, and saw the officer struggling with another man who has been tried, and I believe transported.





CHARLES THORP
. I am a patrol in Fleet-street. On the 4th of April, I observed the prisoner and another of the name of Wales, following the prosecutor up Fleet-street—I saw Wales attempt his pocket—Martin was walking alongside of him—I had seen them speaking together before, and told them to go on—I had seen them together an hour—I watched them, and called upon the other witness to observe them—to they were crossing the end of Shoe-lane, Wales took the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket, and immediately gave it to the prisoner—I told the other witness to follow the gentleman—I immediately seized them both—Martin struggled with me very much, and threw the other prisoner and me down in the gutter, Martin got away—I had him in my left hand—as he got up—he had the handkerchief, and said to me, "No go this time, Thorp"—and ran off—in getting up, I found his hat which he left under me—he ran away without one—I saw it fall from his head.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Of course you told the Magistrate about the hat? A. I mentioned it; my depositions were taken down, but I do not think the hat was mentioned—the other witness is my father—I had been about half on hour with him—I won't be positive—he had not been watching with me, he is not a patrol, he merely came to bring a message to me—he did not see this young and Wales attempting the pockets, it was before he came—I did not tell the Magistrate they were trying the pockets of gentlemen—it was not asked then, nor to-day—for half an hour before I seized Martin I saw Wales attempting pockets up and down Fleet-street repeatedly—I cannot say I had done so within half an hour—I said, "Do you see Martin what they are at?"—I was not telling my father about them, although I had seen Wales attempting several gentleman's pockets.





CHARLES THORP SENIOR
. I was in Fleet-street—I saw the prosecutor go up Fleet-street, the prisoner and Peter Wales followed him up to the end of Shoe-lane—Wales drew the handkerchief from the gentleman's pocket, and handed it to the prisoner—I did not know it was a handkerchief till afterwards: my son desired me to notice, and I did—they crossed the road, and my son had the prisoner and the other in custody while I went after the gentleman—and when I came back, my son had got the

other—the prisoner was gone—I did not see the hat till after I got to the station-house—my son had it in his hand.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A coach maker. I sometimes walk with my son after I have done work—I have never been a witness, except in the other case—I was with myson from about seven till eight o'clock when they were taken, merely walking with him for amusement—I had observed Wales and Martin not more than three minutes before they picked the gentleman's pocket—I did not observe where they came from—we had been talking about various things—I was before the Magistrate; my son did not mention to me that he had seen Wales attempt several gentlemen's pockets, to my knowledge—I cannot recollect—he did not mention that he had seen them before the three minutes—I did not observe that either of them were in sight in the hour that I was walking, till these there minutes—he said he had seen them on other nights—but I do not recollect that he said he observed them on that night; he might do so.





CHARLES THORP, JUN
., re-examined. Q. How is it you did not take him before? A. I heard he was about selling fruit, and I have been called out of bed to take him—I could not find him till I found him in prison, and could not have him till his two months were up.

MR. PHILLIPS
called






MARY ALDRIDGE
. I live on St. Andrew's-hill Doctors' Common My husband used to be porter to Mr. Eve's, on Ludgate-hill, a stuff manufacturer—I only know the prisoner by buying things of him in the street—I am not in the least interested in this case—within the last seven months I have seen him about, and bought things of him of every description—greens, and apples, and fish—I have seen him in Shoemaker-row—that is a public thoroughfare—it is about four months since I bought of him.

COURT. Q. How did you come here? A. I saw his mother, and she said would I come up to speak for him.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
