



576. 




JOHN AMES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of January, 100lbs. weight of lead, value 5s., the goods of 



John Mears and 



Joseph Nicoll, and fixed to a building; and that he had before been convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM NORRIS FRANKLYN
. I am an attorney. I know the building in Stafford-place, Pimlico—there is a shed and a privy there, the property of Joseph Nicolls and John Mears, who are trustees for me and some other persons—on the 20th of January I went there with a police-man, and saw the lead had been stripped off.





JOHN BABY
 (police-constable B 64.) On the night of the 12th of January I was in Castle-lane, Westminster—a few minutes before seven o'clock I saw the prisoner with this lead on his shoulder—I asked him where he was going—he said to take it to his master in Strutton-ground, West-minster—I told him I suspected it was stolen, and he must go with me to the station-house—he dropped the lead on my toes, intending to lame me, and ran away—I ran after him, caught him, and took him—when we were going through York-street he offered me some silver, and said, he would give me that to let him go—he said he was hard up, and he should get fourteen years for it—on the following morning I went to the premises in Stafford-place, Pimlico—I saw the shed this lead came from, there was another piece of lead rolled up ready for removal, it exactly fitted with the piece the prisoner had, and they covered the roof exactly—here is 561bs. of lead.

Prisoner. Q. Have you any mark to show, on your toes, where I threw the lead? Witness. It hit me on the tip of the toe.





JOHN COLLINS
. I live in Stafford-place, and am a painter and glazier—I was with the officer when he fitted the lead on the sheds—there is no doubt whatever but it came from the roof.





SAMUEL STRICKLAND
. I am a broker, and live in William-street, West-minster—I know the prisoner perfectly well—I produce a certificate of his former conviction—(read)—I prosecuted him, and know he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
