





743. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM HENRY 
                     JONES, alias 
James Bascal





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Henrietta 
                           Hutton
                        




                     
                   on the 10th of May
, putting her in fear, and taking from her person, and against her will, 1 bag, value 6d.; 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 pocket-book, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 7 keys, value 6d.; 3 sovereigns; 1 half-sovereign; 5 half-crowns; 2 shillings; 2 sixpences, and 1 bank-note, for the payment and value of 5l., her property
            , against the Statute.


                  HENRIETTA 
                  HUTTON
               



            . I am single
. I live in Great Castle-street. On Saturday last, about four o'clock in the afternoon, as I was going out of my door, I saw a man on the opposite side of the way - I was going down Great Castle-street


 towards Regent-street - he crossed over towards me, and passed quickly by, and laid hold of the bag which I had on my arm - I had the string over my arm, and the upper part of the bag in my hand - he seized hold of the lower part of the bag, and being rather old, it gave way immediately, leaving the upper part of the bag in my hand - he ran off up Castle-street, and I turned immediately after him, and gave an alarm - my bag contained a dark Morocco pocket-book, with a £5 bank-note; a red silk purse, with three sovereigns and a half, and some silver; a bunch of keys and a handkerchief - I cannot describe his dress, except that he wore a red cap - I lost sight of him when I ran after him - I afterwards saw a man in a red cap, with a number of persons round him, in Castle-street - I could not say whether he was the man - I saw him a very few yards from where I was robbed - I saw my bag at the station-house afterwards - I saw my keys and purse at the station-house.


                  EDWARD 
                  TRUSS
               



            . On Saturday last I was in Margaret-street, going towards Regent-street, between four and fiveo'clock - I saw the prisoner come running up Margaret-street, and several persons pursuing him, crying, "Stop him" - he had a red cap in his hand, or on his head; I cannot say which - I caught hold of him, and brought him towards Regent-street - several persons said, "Where is the lady?" - I brought him towards Castle-street, and before I reached Castle-street, he put his hand in his breast, pulled a bag out, and threw it away - it struck a lamp, broke the glass, and remained inside the lamp - I got a person to hold him - I got up the lamp-post, and got the bag, and put it in my pocket - the prisoner was gone then - I overtook him in Oxford-street in custody, and gave him in charge of a policeman - he was the same man - I went to the station-house and delivered the bag up there, as I found it in the lamp.


                  CHARLES 
                  PARDUE
               



            . I live in Princes-street. I saw Truss on Saturday with the prisoner - I saw the prisoner put his hand to his breast, he took out the bag, and threw it against the lamp - it stuck in the lamp - Truss climbed up and got it - while he was doing that the prisoner ran away, and a man got hold of him again - I went to the station-house, and the bag was produced there - that is it.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PATMORE
               



             (policeman D 67). The prisoner was given into my custody last Saturday, about half-past four o'clock, in Oxford-street - as we went to the station-house I asked his name - he said it was nothing to me - I asked where he lived, he made no answer - I neither threatened nor promised him - when we were at the station-house I asked what induced him to do this - he said he had no work - he had heard the charge made, it was for stealing a lady's reticule from her arm - he said then, "I suppose it will be all up with me this time" - when I got to the station-house I had searched him for the pocket-book, but not finding it, I said, "What has become of the pocket-book?"- he said if we had looked out sharp we might have seen that as well as the purse; and then he said he hoped somebody had got it that would do good with it, it was a good prize - I received the bag from the witness - it had a red purse and three sovereigns and a half, five half-sovereigns, two shillings, and two sixpences in it.
MISS HUTTON. This is my bag and money.
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing through Castle-street promiscuously - I picked it up - several persons saw me pick it up, and called after me - they ran after me, and being so closely pursued I threw it away.
GUILTY. Aged 28. - 


               Of stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
