





2134. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     McDONALD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of September
, 1 saddle, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James Wells 
                     Partridge
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  HIGHILL
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Wells Partridge
               



            , a saddler
, of Great Quebec-street


. We lost this saddle on the 31st of August, or the 1st of September, from a rail outside the shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  IRON
               



            . I am a labourer, and live in King-street, Soho. On the 1st of September I saw the prisoner in Rose-street, with this saddle on his head; there was a boy before him, and another behind him - they went down a street by St. Giles' church; I went close up to them, and one of them said, "You two stop here, and I shall not be long" - I went to the corner of the street, and the officercame up; the prisoner then took the saddle on his head again, and was going off.


                  JOHN 
                  HANDLEY
               



             (Police-constable F 49.) I took the prisoner with this saddle, on the 1st of September, about ten o'clock - it was a mile and a half from the prosecutor's; he put the saddle on his head, and tried to run away with it - the other two ran off.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in Soho-square - a man and two boys asked me to carry this saddle, which one of the two boys had - they promised to give me a few halfpence for it; I set it down to rest, because I was tired - one of them then ran away; I then thought it was stolen; I put it on my head, and walked up the street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
