



58. 




MARY CATTERNS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 2nd of November, at Paddington, 2 shifts, value 3s.; 1 bed-gown, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 shawl, value 1l.; 1 gown, value 8s.; 1 petticoat, value 2s.; 1 apron, value 4s.; 1 collar, value 1s.; 3 yards of net, value 1s., the goods of 



Martin Taylor: 1 coat, value 4l.; 2 shawls, value 4l.; 1 shirt, I value 10s.; 1 gown, value 10s.; and 1 pair of gloves, value 1l.; the goods of 



George Edward Maddeley, in his dwelling-house; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






MARTHA TAYLOR
. I am servant to Mr. George Edward Maddeley, of Bayswater-terrace, in the parish of Paddington. On the 2nd of November I went up stairs to a room in the house, at half-past ten o'clock in the morning, and in consequence of what mistress said I looked under the bed, and found the prisoner lying under the bed—I went down stairs, and mistress called in a policeman—I then missed the prisoner from under the bed, and found her in the coal-cellar—she had several things in her possession, in a bundle—there was a gown and petticoat of mine, and a pair of stays of mistress's, among other articles.





HERBERT PRIDDON
 (police-constable T 70.) I was called into the house, and went up to the bed-room, and under the bed I found a bundle containing various articles—I also found a petticoat, a pocket, a pair of scissors, a pin-cushion, and 2d. in money—the prisoner said it was her pocket





MARTHA TAYLOR

re-examined. I have looked over these articles, part are mine, and part my master's—mine are worth 2l. 10s., and my mistress's 8l.—some of them were in my mistress's wardrobe, and the rest in my box.





PETER GLYNN
 (police-constable D 151.) I was present when the prisoner

was convicted here in August, 1836—she is the person mentioned in his certificate, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read.)




GUILTY
. * Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
