




1951. 




REBECCA WOODFORD
 and 




MARY FORD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
24th of July, 10 sovereigns and 1 half—sovereign, the monies of 



William Jones.






ANN JONES
. I am the wife of William Jones, and am matron of the Female Asylum at Camden-town. The two prisoners were inmates of that institution-Wood acted as my servant, and had admission to my rooms—on the 24th of July I saw a cap opposite the stairs—I then went to see if any of the females were gone, and three were gone—I missed ten sovereigns and one half—sovereign, which had been in a box in ray room—the prisoners ought not to have left without notice—I have not found any of the money since—I had seen it safe the same morning-Ford had not an opportunity of going to the room.


Woodford. You said it was your daughter's money at the office Witness. It was my daughter's, but was in my possession-ray daughter is twenty-two years old, but does not live in the house.

Woodford. The daughter was there the same evening that we absconded—Mrs. Jones left the key in the hands of the sub-matron, and she might have gone to the box. Witness. I did not.





WILLIAM BAILEY
 (police-constable 11 104.) On the 26th of July Woodford came to me at half-past nine o'clock, and said she wished to resign herself up to me, and that she and two other girls had stolen ten sovereigns and a half from the matron of the Asylum at Camden-town—she said she planned to steal it on the 22nd, and executed it on the 24th—that they took a cab and went to Kent-street, and in going along they divided the money—the half—sovereign was to pay the cab and get drink—that when she got there she got drunk, and went to bed—that the other two robbed her, and went away.





JOHN SEAWARD
 (police-constable G 67.) I received information and took Ford. She asked if I had heard of the three females who had escaped from the Asylum—I said "Yes"—she said she was one, but she had not any money then.

WOODFORD—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

FORD—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.




Transported for Seven Years.
