





1352. 
               
                  WILLIAM HENRY BARTHOLOMEW 
                  AYSHFORD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
, 2 pieces of handkerchiefs, value 2l.; and three yards of silk, value 5s. 6d.; the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Williams
                     




                  , his master
            .
JOHN WILLIAMS. The prisoner was my shopman
. He slept in my house - I had four other shopman - on the 26th of August I examined all their boxes - I found nothing in them, but the prisoner had been standing by the side of his own bed - I suspected something, and found there, wrapped up in his flannel waistcoat, two pieces of India bandana handkerchiefs - they were worth 20s. a piece - there was nothing else with them - I asked all the young men, Who brought them up? - no reply was made - I then personally asked the prisoner if he brought them up - he said, yes, certainly he did, yesterday - he had no right to bring them up - I then asked him for the silk which I had missed, which he denied - I sent for the officer, who came before he left - he said he would give up all he knew - I told him it would be better for him - he gave me some duplicates, and I found my things; and, among the rest, one piece of silk which had my mark on it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What is your mark? A. This is it; the handkerchiefs were wrapped in a waistcoat which I heard was the prisoner's - he gave me some duplicates of his own clothes - he has been in my employ for seven months.


                  JOHN 
                  HAWGOOD
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker in Fleet-street. I produce this silk - it was pawned, but I cannot say by whom - this is the duplicate that was given - I have the counterpart - it was pawned in the name of John Ayshford.
Cross-examined. Q. It might be an old man that pawned it? A. It was some man - I have only put down"Holborn," on the duplicate - I took in the greatest part of his wearing apparel, but I do not recollect that he pawned it - if he had pawned all these, I think I should have known the prisoner's face - I do not think the prisoner is the person.
MR. WILLIAMS. These handkerchiefs are mine - they were under the bolster - no other person slept in the bed.




               GUILTY. Aged 22. - Recommended to mercy by the Jury and Prosecutor
            . - 


               Confined for Three Days
            , and 


               delivered to his friends, who engaged to send him to Van Dieman's Land
            .
