





936. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  HALL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of May
, at St. George, Hanover-square


, five drawings, value 5l. and 6 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        Louis Auguste 
                        Schwitzer
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Padgett
                     



.
EDWARD PADGETT. I live at No. 21, Davis-street, Grosvenor-square


, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. The prosecutor lodges in my house - he occupies the first floor, and a bed-room on the second floor - the prisoner had been my servant of all work
 for about ten months - in May, Mr. Schwitzer complained of losing some money - I sent for an officer - I found in the prisoner's box five drawings, which were afterwards given to the policeman - I made her no threat or promise - I did not ask her about the sovereigns that were missing; but, as she was going to Marlborough-street (finding we were determined to take her there) she said she had taken the six sovereigns, and spent five in silks - I took her to Marlborough-street, and gave her into custody.
Prisoner. He promised to forgive me if I would confess. A. That was respecting another robbery committed before- I made her no promise about this.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  EASTER
               



            . I am a policeman. Mr. Padgett gave these five drawings and the prisoner into my custody, at Marlborough-street.
LOUIS AUGUSTE SCHWITZER. These are my prints - I lost them from my trunk or off my table - I lost six sovereigns out of my trunk on the 22nd of May - the trunk was locked, but the key was in the drawers, in my bed-room - the prisoner attended me as servant of the house, and had access to the room.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
