



1079. 




JANE JONES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of February, 1 watch, value 1l., the goods of 



George Robins, from his person.






GEOROE ROBINS
. I am apprentice to a pawnbroker. On the 24th of February I was in Drury-lane, at ten o'clock at night, going home to my father, in Berwick-street, Oxford-street—the prisoner accosted me, and asked me to give her a halfpenny—she stood close to me—I told her I had not got one—she went away—I found after she left that my watch was gone from my left-hand waistcoat pocket, and the guard with it—I am sure it was safe when she came to me—she ran—I ran after her, and caught her just by the Mogul, in Drury-lane—I told her she had stolen my watch—she put a ginger-beer bottle in my face, and said, "Is this your watch?"—I said, "No, it is not"—she called out, "Eliza"—the people all came round her, and they called out, "Bung it" and "Ding it"—the policeman says that "bung it" means, "Put it back"—I do not know what "ding it" means—I still kept hold of her—the people threatened to pull my jacket and hat off if I did not let her go—they pulled me about, and a witness saw the watch passing from one to the other—the prisoner was taken, and after I got home I found my watch in my right-hand jacket pocket—I am sure it had been in my left-hand waistcoat pocket.





CHARLOTTE HARRIS
. I was passing through Drury-lane, and saw the mob—I went up, and heard some one say, "Bung it" and "Ding it"—I saw the prisoner pass the watch from under her shawl to another woman—it had a braided guard to it, and a white tassel.





HENRY NEWMAN
. I am a policeman. I went to see what was the matter—the prosecutor gave me the prisoner in charge for stealing his watch—the prisoner was searched, but nothing found on her—the prosecutor came back in au hour or more, and said he had found the watch in his pocket.

Prisoner. I know nothing about the watch—I did not see it till I was at the office—I asked him for a halfpenny, it is true, but saw nothing else.




GUILTY
.** Aged 38.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
