



831. 




GEORGE MOORE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of February, 1 metal cock, value 1s.; and 12lbs. weight of lead pipe, value 4s.; the goods of 



George Jewel, and fixed to a certain building; against the Statute, &c.






JOHN CHARLES GOOZEE
 (police-constable K 45.) On the morning of the 18th of February I saw the prisoner come out of Raven-street, Mile-end-road, with a sack on his shoulders—he crossed over to the corner of North-street—I asked him what he had got—he said, "A few shavings"—I felt and found the sack was hard—he then threw the sack at me, and ran across the road—I pursued him—he fell down, and after a short struggle I took him—I then said, "What is in that sack?"—he said, "Only a few cocks, but do not take me, it is what I get a living by"—I called another policeman, who took the sack, while I took the prisoner to the station-house—this is the property—(producing it.)





PETER BALDRY
. I am a plumber, and live at No. 36, Bedford-street, Bedford-square. I know this pipe and cock—(looking at it)—it is my workmanship—I made these joints in this pipe—it was fixed in Mr. Cosgroves, in Raven-street—it is Mr. George Jewell's house—the fixtures belong to him—it is in the parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney—I soldered the cock into the pipe, they were both fixed to the building—I cannot tell when these things were safe.





JOHN CHARLES GOOZEE

re-examined. These were part of the contents of the bag I found on the prisoner—I took him about seven o'clock on Sunday morning, the 18th.





MARY ANN SHEARMAN
. I live as servant at Mr. Cosgrove's, No. 9, Raven-street. This pipe and metal cock were safe the night before it was missed—I do not know the day of the month—the prisoner was stopped in Russell-street, not far from where I live.

Prisoner's Defence. I was hired to carry them, and being out of work I was glad to earn a trifle—the man told me if I was stopped to say I had some shavings—when the officer came to me I put them down at his feet—I did not throw them at him—I did not say I got my living by stealing, but by carrying things.




GUILTY.* Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
