





1495. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     COLLETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 15th of May
, 2 half-crowns, 1 shilling, 1 sixpence, and 1 penny halfpenny, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Ekers
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  EKERS
               



            . I live in New Church-court, Strand, and am a tailor
. On the morning of the 15th of May I was on my way home, near Russell-street, between two and three o'clock; the prisoner came and asked me to give her something to drink - I said there was no house open, I could not do it; I walked with her some short way, as I was going home - I was not going any where with her; she walked by my side, saying she knew a house that was open - when I got to the corner of White Horse-yard


 I perceived her hand in my pocket; I took hold of her shoulder - I heard something fall, and picked up a half-crown and three halfpence from the ground; the Policeman came up, and I gave that money to him - I had had two half-crowns, one shilling, a sixpence, and, I think, 4d. or 5d. in copper, in my pocket - I missed the whole of it; I had had my hand in my pocket, and know it was safe.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALTER
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I came up to the prosecutor at the corner of White Horse-yard; he said he had lost all the money out of his pocket - I took the prisoner, and searched her at the station-house; I found a half-crown and 4 1/2d. on her - the prosecutor gave me this half-crown, but no halfpence.
Prisoner's Defence. This man wished me to go up a court - I refused; he attempted to force me - I resisted; he then said he had been robbed, and I was taken - the money taken from me was my own; he took half a crown from his own pocket, and put it into the Policeman's hand.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
