





455. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     JOHNSTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of January
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry Philip 
                           Dixon
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  PHILIP DIXON
               



            . I live in Simmond's-inn - on the evening of the 6th of January I was in Fleet-street


, with Mr. Dawson - I wanted my handkerchief; and when I put my hand on it, I felt a tug at the pocket, and missed my handkerchief - I turned, and saw the prisoner and another with him - I caught hold of the other, and the prisoner went towards the wall - Mr. Dawson took hold of him, and took the handkerchief from him - it has my initials on it.


                  JAMES 
                  DAWSON
               



            . I live in Simmond's-inn - I was with the prosecutor - I took the prisoner, and took the handkerchief out of his hand, as he was pushing it through the rails of a grate.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say, in the public-house, that you were not certain I was the boy
? A. No: I did not say any such thing.


                  EDMUND 
                  WASHINGTON
               



             (City police-constable No. 59). I took the prisoner, and have the handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence (written)."I heard a scuffle behind me; I turned round, and saw the prosecutor lay hold of the young man that was behind him, and told witness to lay hold of the boy; the witness came and laid hold of me, and said he saw the boy run away. I was between twenty and thirty yards before the prosecutor and witness, at the time the prosecutor lost his handkerchief; the prosecutor said he felt a tug at his pocket, and he turned round and caught hold of the young man that was given in charge with me."



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
