





Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
749. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     STALLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of March
, 76 books, value 24l.; 1 portfolio, value 2s.; 7 reams of paper, value 3l.; 6 mats, value 2s.; 1 caddy, value 10s.; 1 opera-glass, value 2s.; 1 tea-pot, value 2s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 5s.; 1 spoon, value 2s.; 1 pair of scissors, value 3s.; 2 rings, value 2l.; 1 locket, value 1s.; 1 knife, value 2s.; 4 pairs of sheets, value 2l.; 5 table-cloths, value 1l.; 2 pillow-cases, value 2s.; 1 rug, value 10s.; 1 table cover, value 3s.; 13 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; 10 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign. and 24 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles Alexander Crickett 
                           Hodges
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MR. LEE conducted the prosecution.
C. A. C. HODGES. I am a bookseller
, and live at No. 27, Portman-street, Portman-square


. The prisoner came into my service on the 26th of January; on Sunday, the 21st of March, I went out, leaving her at home - I had seen all the property stated in the indictment safe the day before, and some that morning; I returned at eight o'clock in the evening, and knocked at the door; I received no answer, and was going for a Policeman, whena neighbour gave me information - I got a constable and got into the house; the prisoner was gone, and I missed all these articles and money - I got information and afterwards went to No. 20, Little James-street, Manchester-square; the property had then been found - I saw it before the Magistrate.
Cross-examined. Q. When did you hire the prisoner? A. I hired her first about the end of November. I met her accidentally; I walked with her and made an appointment with her, as is usual in such cases - it was not for her to come into my service then.
Q. Will you swear she did not live with you as a mistress? A. Certainly not - I have receipts to prove she was my servant. When I first met her I went with her to a house in the neighbourhood of Soho-square, and there found her to be a girl of the town, as I believed she was; but from the knowledge I obtained of her character afterwards, I thought she might be trusted, which induced me to take her; I never slept with her while she was in my service - I certainly did in Greek-street, Soho; I had frequent interviews with her at her lodgings, which she took me to in Meards-court; I gave her money - I gave her nothing but her wages while she was my servant.
Q. Did you keep her as your mistress before she came into your service? A. I never considered her so. I supported her in every way; the wages I gave her was 5s. a week, or 12l. a year, which was the agreement - I took lodgings for her before she came into my service; she lived at those lodgings about two months or longer, till the 26th of January, when she came into my service - I first saw her on a Sunday, the latter end of November or beginning of December; I walked by her side - I appointed to meet her on the Tuesday evening; I did so - I took an apartment for her at No. 21, Norton-street, Marylebone, but did not pass her off there as my wife; she was there about a month - it is not a house of ill same; the landlord is a chair-maker - she walked with me to the house; no inquiry was made whether I was married - there was a little objection made at first as to a reference; I said if there was any objection I would not take the apartment - I refused to go in doors; no question was asked as to whether we were married - I I did not go there with her as my wife; when she had been there a month I might have said the expences were too great for me - I certainly thought so, and proposed to take another lodging; she solicited me to apprentice her to learn shoe-binding - as I intended to leave my business and go abroad, I did not wish she should he unsupported; she said if I would apprentice her to the shoe-binding she should do well, but she never would return home - she is seventeen years old; I am twenty-seven - we had two other lodgings; one in Nassau-street. Middlesex Hospital, the other in Cirencester-place, Fitzroy-square, and staid a fortnight or three weeks in one, and three weeks or a month in the other - I then, in consequence of being about to dispose of my business, and my servant having burnt a sheet, I sent her out of the house, and stated to the prisoner that she should come for a short time, which would be about a month; I charge her with taking 21l. - I gave her no part of that to buy dress; I believe there is at home in my watch-case a broken brooch which she begged I would never part with for her sake.


                  THOMAS 
                  NEATE
               



            . I am a hackney-coach proprietor. On Sunday evening, the 21st of March, a young woman fetched me from the stand in Oxford-street, to No. 27, Portman-street; a good many parcels were put into the coach - I put must of them in myself by her direction; I believe the prisoner to be the young woman - she ordered me to drive to No. 20, Little James-street, Oxford-street; I left the things there with her.
Cross-examined. Q. You are not sure of her? A. No, she being dressed different, and it being dark in the evening - she had a veil on.


                  ANN 
                  FROST
               



            . I am a married woman, and live at No. 20, James-street, Manchester-square. The prisoner came on Sunday night, the 21st of March, and took my back kitchen furnished; she then came in a coach with some parcels, which were taken down into the kitchen - she continued to remain there until Thursday, when she was apprehended.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  STRIDE
               



            . I am an officer. In consequence of information I went to No. 20, James-street, with Hornsby, and found the prisoner there; we found the articles stated in the indictment at her lodging - she acknowledged to me that the whole of the things belonged to Mr. Hodges; there was a quantity of linen, other goods, and some clothes of her own, which she acknowledged she had bought out of the money she took from Mr. Hodges - I found ten sovereigns and a half, and asked if the money belonged to Mr. Hodges; she said it did - I asked where the remainder was; she said she had bought clothes with it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HORNSBY
               



            . I am a Police-serjeant. I went with a warrant to No. 20, James-street, and saw the prisoner; I told her I had a warrant to search for goods brought there on Sunday evening - she said, "I am the person that brought them;" I told her she had no occasion to tell me any thing to implicate herself, for I must give in evidence what she said - she went on to say, "I am the person; I am guilty, but I hope Mr. Hodges will be merciful to me, but I am too wicked to expect it" - Stride came in about twenty minutes after me; I suppose the value of the property is 70l. or 80l.


                  JOHN 
                  FERGUSSON
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I went with the prosecutor to his residence and found the door fast; I got in at the window, and found the house in a very disordered state.
C. A. C. HODGES. She lived in my house five or six weeks; the amount of property found at her lodging is above 60l. or 70l - I had seen the tea-caddy at breakfast, and some of the things that morning; I found nothing on my bed which I slept in the night before - I did not see the money that day.
Prisoner's Defence. The reason I left him was, he told me about a fortnight before that he had a wife living, and was going abroad, and should leave me; I became very uneasy, and determined to quit the house - the money found upon me was my own; it was given to me to buy dresses, and as I was not very extravagant I did not spend it all; not a farthing of it is his.
C. A. C. HODGES. I am married, and told her so a short time before she left; it was by mere accident thatmy being married was found out - I cannot exactly tell whether I told her of it.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 17.
Strongly Recommended to Mercy.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
(See 4th Day, Old Court.)
