






83. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     RICHARDS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Frederick Humphrey 
                           Groves
                        




                     
                  , from his person; and that they had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  SAMPSON 
                  SWENDELL
               



            . I live in Hart-street, Covent-garden. On the 16th of November, in the forenoon, I was on Ludgate-hill


 - I saw the two prisoners and another person, who was not taken, following Mr. Groves; Richards put his hand into his pocket, took out his handkerchief, and gave it to Thompson; I took them both, and Thompson took the handkerchief from his pocket and threw it down; I gave them to the officer.
Thompson. Q. Where did you see the handkerchief? A. You took it from your right-hand pocket, and threw it down - I took it up, and seized your collar again.


                  GEORGE 
                  CHIDGRAY
               



             (City Police-officer No. 74). I took the prisoner, and produce the handkerchief.


                  FREDERICK 
                  HUMPHREY GROVES
               



            . I lost this handkerchief on Ludgate-hill, on the 16th of November - it has my initials on it.
Richard's Defence. I was going to dinner, and the witness caught hold of me.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITNEY
               



            . I was formerly in the Police, No. 134 G - I now live in Tabernacle-row. I produce a certificate of the conviction of George Thompson, which I got at Mr. Clark's office - it was for stealing a necklace from a child's neck; he was ordered to be whipped and confined six months in the House of Correction - I know he is the person.


                  JAMES 
                  BUCKLE
               



            . I am constable of St. Luke's. I produce a certificate of the conviction of Henry Richards, by the name of Henry Pope - I was present, and know he is the person; he was confined for one month.
THOMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
RICHARDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
