





Before Lord Chief Baron Alexander.
328. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     REAMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John William 
                           Edginton
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM REYNOLDS. I am a constable, and attend Sadler's Wells theatre


. On the 27th of December, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I was there, and saw the prisoner in the box-lobby - I was desired to watch him, which I did, for three quarters of an hour, and distinctly saw him lift several gentlemen's pockets up, and put his hand into them; I saw Mr. Edginton there - I stood behind him - I saw the prisoner lean his left arm over his shoulder, put his right hand into his pocket, and draw the silk handkerchief out; he left the spot - I asked the prosecutor if he missed any thing; he felt, and missed nothing, but before I got down the box stairs he called out that he had lost his handkerchief - I followed the prisoner, and saw him fold these handkerchiefs up, and put them into his hat; I went up, took him into the lobby, took his hat off, and found a red and yellow handkerchief in his hat, and another in his coat pocket.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Are you the officer of the theatre? A. I have been there seven years- I was not a yard from the prisoner when he took the handkerchief; I followed him to see what he was going to do - as soon as he took it, I tapped the prosecutor on the shoulder; the prisoner instantly went away - there were two ladies with the gentleman; he tried them first- the boxes were very full; they were obliged to stand with the doors open - the prisoner stood by the side of the gentleman with a bit of biscuit up to his mouth; I suppose he was pretending to eat it - he was the only person behind the prosecutor; the prosecutor said hishandkerchief was yellow, and marked I W E - he never said it had no mark.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM EDGINTON
               



            . On the 27th of December I was at Sadler's Wells theatre, and saw the prisoner standing behind me - the officer came and asked if I missed any thing; I put my hand against my pocket. and said not, but in a moment I put my hand inside and found my handkerchief was gone - I immediately called down the stairs after the officer, and saw him take it out of the prisoner's hat; I told him it was marked I W E before it was produced.
Cross-examined. Q. Were there a good many people about you at the theatre? A. Yes, but nobody was behind me but the prisoner - I never said there was no mark on the handkerchief.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in one of the side boxes nearly all the time - I went out for refreshment; a young man accosted me at the public-house, and asked me to buy a handkerchief; I gave him 2s. for it, and believe the officer saw me buy it - I put it into my hat; the other two I had brought, one for my pocket and the other to put round my neck when I came out; I did not know the handkerchief was stolen - when the gentleman got to the station he said he believed there was no mark on it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
