





1580. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of August
, 1 purse, value 2s.; 5 sovereigns, 6 half-crowns, 8 shillings, and 2 sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Dixon
                     




                  , Esq.
, from his person
            .
ROBERT DIXON, ESQ. I live in Chancery-lane


, and am a barrister
. On the 3rd of August, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, I was going home, and had got within one hundred yards of my own door - the prisoner ran across the street, and took hold of my left arm, which was towards her; my purse was in my left-hand waistcoat pocket - there were 24s. or 25s. in silver in it and five sovereigns; she held my arm so violently that I could not get rid of her - when we got about twenty or thirty yards further, which was about half-way between where she first accosted me and my own door, she quitted me, and ran up one of the courts; I missed my purse, and ran after her - she went up one or two courts, and came back again to the court she first ran up; I came up to her there - she was stopping, and seemed to be secreting something; two sovereigns fell from her on the pavement, and the purse was in her hand - I took the purse, and part of the silver was in it, but none of the sovereigns; there was some silver in her pocket, which, with what was in the purse about made up the quantity I had in my purse - I went with her to the Police-office, where she was searched; I should think about a minute and a half had elapsed from the time of her first running and my taking her.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What time was this? A. I should think it wanted a quarter to twelve o'clock - I very frequently take a walk round Lincoln's Inn-fields; I did not speak to her first - I only told her to go about her business; I did go twenty or thirty yards with her, but I must have knocked her down if I had not; she did not accuse me of soliciting her; I dare say she asked me to go with her, or something of that kind - I told her to go about her business twice or thrice; I had taken fast hold of her when the Policeman came up; she did not state, in my presence, that I had given her the silver: my purse was in my pocket, as it is now, and the only way she could have got it was with the hand that was through my arm; I did not go into any court with her - when she was first taken she said she had not so much as would purchase a glass of gin; I can only account for the money being in her pocket by her putting it in as she ran away - she did not say that I had given her the five shillings, and that the seven shillings in her pocket she had got to pay a bill for a woman named Bryan - I think I had seen the prisoner before: I judge that by her person, not her voice.
COURT. Q. What did the purse contain? A. Five sovereigns and about 24s., as near as I can calculate; I recovered two sovereigns and the silver, the purse was in her hand.


                  MICHAEL 
                  KELLY
               



            . I am a Police-officer; I heard a cry of Police! - I came up, and Mr. Dixon had hold of the prisoner; he said she had robbed him of five sovereigns - he had the purse in his hand, and said he had taken it from her hand - I found five or seven shillings in her hand, and in her pocket I found some more silver; I took her to the station house, but I found no more, though I made her strip.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you search every part of her? A. Yes: I cannot exactly say how much money I found in her pocket - she said the money in her pocket was her own; she said so in the presence of Mr. Dixon, and she said it all through - but she said at first that she had not theprice of a glass of gin; I searched every place about there for the three sovereigns, but I could not find them; the prisoner did not mention the name of Mrs. Bryan - the inspector asked her address; I do not know whether she gave it right or not, I did not go to it, - it was Fetter-lane, but I do not recollect the number - she did not say who she lived with.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going up Chancery-lane, and this man met me; he put the 5s. into my hand, and said he wanted to speak with me - I would not comply with him; he called the Policeman, and gave charge of me.


                  JOHN 
                  BRYAN
               



            . I am a boot and shoemaker, and live at No. 1, Garden-court, Baldwin's-gardens: I have known the prisoner twelve months; she is acquainted with my wife. On the night she was taken up she had been at my house for work; she binds boots and shoes - there was a little bill due, but I do not know of my wife giving her money to pay it.
COURT. Q.What time do you leave off work? A.Sometimes as late as nine or ten o'clock - she lives at No. 28, St. Clement's-lane: I believe at a lodging-house for tradespeople - I cannot account for her being at a quarter before twelve o'clock in Chancery-lane; I suppose she left my place between eight and nine.


                  RACHAEL 
                  BRYAN
               



            . I am the wife of this witness. I remember the prisoner being at our house in the day, and she had some tea; I gave her 7s. to pay a bill, because my children were ill - she was to pay it to Mr. Roach, her landlady's son.


                  RICHARD 
                  ROACH
               



            . The 7s. was owing to me by Bryan; I knew the prisoner, as a lodger at my mother's, for eight or ten months - I was out that evening, and have not had the money.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a cloth-dresser, at No. 3, Chair-court, Temple-bar. The prisoner called at my place about ten o'clock that evening; she said she had been to defray a bill of 7s., but the people were not at home.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
