



1650. 




WILLIAM HOBBS
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Henry Hammond, on the 
22nd of June, at 
Ezling, alias Zealing, and stealing therein, 1 watch, value 20s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 12s.; 2 waistcoats, value 12s.; 1 scarf, value 2s.; and 1 pair of half-boots, value 8s.; the goods of 



Henry Hammond.






HENRY HAMMOND
. I live in the parish of Ealing. On the 22nd of June I went out, about ten minutes before two o'clock in the day-time, and left all my property safe—I locked all the doors, and fastened the windows down—I returned at about twenty minutes after seven o'clock in the evering having, received information—I found the window broken—the articles in question were kept up stairs in a box and drunk—I found the room rified, and every thing thrown about—I had seen the prisoner before—he lives at Brentford.





HUGH SANDILANDS
. I am policeman. On the day in question I saw the prisoner between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, at Hammersmith, between three and four miles from Ealing—he was carrying a bundle under his arm, walking as fast as he possibly could—he seemed to perspire a good deal—I did not speak to him.





JOHN GOLD
. I am shopman to Mr. Watts, a pawnbroker, at Hammersmith. On the 22nd of June, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to the shop, and offered to pawn these trowsers and waistcoat—I took them in in the name of John James, lodger, Thamesstreet, London—he then produced this silver watch, and pawned it for 5s.—he returned to the shop in a minute or two, and offered a silk scarf, which I declined taking in, it being an old-fashioned one.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How long was he in your shop altogether? A. He was only person in the shop—I suppose he was there about five minutes—I am positive he is the man.





HENRY HAMMOND

re-examined. These are my trowsers, and waistcoats, and watch—I lost an old-fashioned silk scarf.

Cross-examined. Q. You shut up your house before you went out? A. Yes—I put my wearing apparel away on the Sunday night—there is nobody but my wife in my house—she has no friends within fifty miles—I was at worm on Monday morning, but not in the house—my wife was out before me—I had the key or the door, I came home to dinner at one o'clock, and locked it up at two.
(The prisoner's sister gave him a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Littledale.

