





1563. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of July
, 1 necklace, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Melton
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William Charles 
                           Melton
                        



.


                  SARAH 
                  MELTON
               



            . I am the wife of William Melton - we live in Liverpool-street; my son, 
               
                  William 
                  Charles Melton
               



            , is six months old; I sent him out with 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Bevis
               



             between ten and eleven o'clock on the 29th of July; he had the necklace on then - I went to the watch-house upon information, and saw the necklace there, and also the prisoner.


                  MARY 
                  ANN BEVIS
               



            . I live with Mrs. Melton. I took out her little boy
 with a necklace on; I was looking into a stationer's window, and felt something pull the child's neck; I saw the prisoner walking away, and missed the necklace directly - the prisoner ran down Liverpool-buildings; I cried Stop thief! he was pursued, taken, and the property found on him at the watch-house - no one else was near me.


                  GEORGE 
                  IZOD
               



            . I was going down Liverpool-street


, and saw the prisoner undo the necklace - he ran down Liverpool-buildings; I did not know him before - he ran into some house, and Goundry got him out.


                  GEORGE 
                  GOUGE
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody, and found this necklace in his pocket.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOUNDRY
               



            . I was coming through Liverpool-buildings, and saw the prisoner run into a stable-yard, and then into a place they call Bottle-alley; he went up the stairs of a house - I pulled him down, and took him to the watch-house.
Prisoner's Defence. I was stopping to look at a picture-shop, I saw the necklace on the ground, and took it up- I went down the place, and the gentleman charged mewith taking the necklace; I would not give it up, and was taken to the watch-house; on the third hearing this boy said he saw me take it, which is false.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
