



2181. 




ELIZABETH BALLARD
 was again indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering, on the 
28th of March, an order for the payment of 15l., with intent to defraud 



Thomas Hitchings.






JOHN BIRD
. I am servant to Thomas Hitchings, a publican. On the 28th of March the prisoner came to our place—I did not know her before—I did not see her again for upwards of three months, when I saw her it George-street station-house—I knew her again by her appearance, her face, and person—she was at the bar there—I have not the least doubt of her being the woman—she was only in my presence from five to ten minutes on the 28th of March—there was nothing particular to make me notice her more than a common customer—she came in and inquired the price of brandy, and ordered two bottles of brandy, a bottle of ram, and a bottle of gin, for the Rev. Dr. Penfold, No. 15, Dorset-square, whom I knew by name—she said she was recommended by Mrs. Rutker, of No. 63, Portland-place—I knew that person as the housekeeper of Sir John St. Aubin—she then tendered me a cheque of 15l., and said I was to take the amount of the goods out of it—I gave the cheque to my master, who was in a room, and he cashed it for her, but not in my presence—the goods were sent that evening to Dr. Penfold's.

Cross-examined. Q. You are quite sure she is the same woman? A. Yes—I saw her from five to ten minutes—she had a cloak on, a bonnet, and black veil which was off her face—she was in custody when I saw her at the station-house, three months after—I had described her as a middleaged person who wore a cloak and a dark bonnet, but I could not say what colour—she had not got the cloak on at the police-office—I did not know her by her bonnet—I knew her face—I say she is the tame person—I should think her between forty and fifty years of age.





THOMAS HITCHINGS
. I am a publican. I received a cheque from Bird on the 28th of March, about nine o'clock in the evening—this is it—I noticed it at the time—it purports to be drawn on Coutts's bank by the Rav. Dr. Penfold, whom I have known these twenty years—I knew at the time that he lived at No. 15, Dorset-square—I gave the cash to the person who brought it, as I supposed—Bird gave me the cheque—I came out, and the person was standing before the counter—I had not sufficient confidence to swear to the prisoner at Bow-street, and now I do not take on myself to swear to her, she was before me so short a time—I have a very strong suspicion that she is the woman, but I took no notice of her, and cannot say whether she is or is not—at the time I gave the change, which was a £5 bank-note and ten sovereigns, the person said, "You will take for the amount of the spirits, "which I did, and gave her 14l. 3s. 6d.—in half an hour I took the spirits to the Rev. Dr. Penfold's, and from what passed there I discovered the cheque was forged, and did not send it for payment—on the Friday following I gave the cheque to Lincoln the to" spector.






REV. DR. GEORGE SAXBY PENFOLD
. On the 28th of March I lived at No. 15, Dorset-square. I did not give any body authority to order brandy, rum, and gin of Mr. Hitchings—I do not know Mr. Hitchings myself—no part of this cheque is my writing, neither the signature nor any part of it—it is not at all like my writing—I gave nobody authority to draw it for me—Coutts are not my bankers, but Messrs. Hammersly and Co.





JOHN BLENKINSOP
. I am clerk in Messrs. Coutts's bank. We have no customer named Penfold at all—this is not a genuine cheque on our house—Dr. Penfold has no account with us, nor has any person of the name of Penfold.





JOHN BIRD
.re-examined. I am certain this is the cheque the prisoner gave me—I handed it to my employer directly, but I noticed the writing and signature.





THOMAS HITCHINGS
.re-examined. She was not in the room with me while I was getting the change—I was not above two minutes giving her the change—the only time I saw her was while I was giving her the change—she remained outside the bar—Bird went out with some goods while I was giving the change.




GUILTY of uttering. Aged 38.—


Transported for Life.
(There were four other indictments against the prisoner.)
