



1052. 




JAMES KERR GALE
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of March, 1 coat, value 10s.;1 pair of trowsers, value 4s.; 1 handkerchief, value 3s.;1 stock, value 2s.; 1 shirt, value 5s.; 2 half-crowns, and 3 shillings; the goods and monies of 



James Howard.






FRANCES HAYLOCK
. I live in Westborn-street, Pimlico. James Howard has lodged with me eighteen months—the prisoner came, on the 13th of March, and asked if I had a lodging to let—I said I had half a bed—I showed him the, room, and told him it was 2s. a week—he said he was an engraver, and worked in Piccadilly, but his friends lived at Putney, and be wished to get lodgings half way—he came that evening, and on the Tuesday morning James Howard's things were lost—when I went down the door of the prisoner's room was open, and no one answered—I went in, and saw a pair of stockings anda handkerchief on the ground, which I had pot into the shirt the night before—I then found Howard's box was open—I had seen it safe the night before—Howard did not sleep there that night; he was gone out for a week—the prisoner slept alone that night—the door had been shut at seven o'clock, and it was opened in a few minutes—the prisoner was taken on Good Friday—he was knocking at a door in Riding-house-lane—I stopped, and heard him inquire for lodgings—I passed him, and saw the policeman, and told him, and he stopped him—I asked if he knew me—he said, no, he had never seen my face before, and never knew where Pimlico was, and I must mind what I said, as it was a very wrong thing to take a man on a false charge—when we were going to the station-house he asked what I had lost—I said he was the best judge of that—he said he would make the property good sooner than be exposed in the paper.

Prisoner. Q. Was not this a room for every person in the house. Witness. No—there was no one in the house but a woman at the top—the prisoner had the parlour by the side of the door.





THOMAS HAYLOCK
. I am the husband of Frances Haylock. On the 13th of March the prisoner came in the evening, about half-past seven o'clock—he knocked at the door—I went answered it—he said, "I believe I have taken lodgings here to-day?"—I asked him in, and gave him the paper—he said he was an engraver, and wanted lodgings about half way to Putney—he conversed nearly an hour—a friend came in, and he took a candle and went to bed—he had been shown the room, and knew the way—I had been in the room at seven o'clock that evening, and saw a box of mine—it stood on Howard's box, and his box was quite secure—on the following morning I went out at half-past six o'clock—the room door

was then closed, and the street door was closed—I saw no more of the prisoner till he was taken, and then he denied all knowledge of me.

Prisoner. Q. Was the door open when I came in the evening?Witness. No, it was not.





JAMES HOWARD
. I am a carpenter. I lodged at the witness's for about eighteen months—I was at my brother's at this time—I had left on Monday morning, the 13th—I left my box locked, and all the property in it which is stated—it is quite lost—I have never found it.





ALEXANDER KILGOM
. I apprehended the prisoner on the 24th of March—Mrs. Haylock gave him into custody—she charged him with lodging there, and taking things out of this young man's box—he said, "I don't know who you are, and do not know Pimlico"—she said, "You lodged there one night?"—he said, "No, I did not; you should be careful what you are about; it is a very wrong thing to give a person into custody on a false charge"—I found on him five duplicates and a screw-driver—I looked at Howard's box, and the marks tallied exactly with this screw-driver—I found on him a brush—I went to Mrs. Bunns, and the marks fitted the screw-driver there as well.

Prisoner. I had bought the screw-driver at a shop in Piccadilly, after this occurrence took place—I know nothing of the things. Witness. He said he had bought this to make a boot-jack of.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
