





1477. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     BOWERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of May
, 2lbs. of cheese, value 1s. 2d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Brooks
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  BURNS
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Brooks
               



            . On Saturday night, the 19th of May, I was outside his shop; the prisoner and another girl came up, and asked the price of a bit of bacon - I told them 7d. per lb.; the other girl said, "That will be too fat for your mother, Mary;" the prisoner then took hold of my shoulders, turned me round, and I saw the other girl with a piece of cheese, running across Shoreditch; I caught hold of the prisoner, but as I was going to speak to my master, she flew out of my arms; I ran after her again, and caughther in New Inn-yard - I kept her till the officer took her; the prisoner had nothing in her possession, but she saw the other girl with 2 lbs. of cheese; the prisoner stood still.
Prisoner. I never touched you. Witness. I am sure you did take hold of my shoulder, and then I took hold of you.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRON
               



             (Police-constable G 158). I took the prisoner on the 19th of May, in consequence of an alarm from the boy - the prisoner said she knew nothing about it; but in going to the station she said, "I will take you to where the girl lives, who took the cheese;" we went to a house in Bethnal-green, but the girl was not there.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of her, but she asked me to go and buy a bit of bacon - she took this cheese, and ran away with it; I told the officer where she lived.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
