






1366. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DURRANT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of May
, 1 purse, value 2d.; 5 half-crowns; 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Sweetland
                  




               
            .


                  MICHAEL 
                  SWEETLAND
               



            . I am a gardener
, and live on Uxbridge-common. On the 29th of May I gave Whitton a shilling for three pots of beer, and went to his house and partook of part of it; this was about twelve o'clock at night - the prisoner was there; I have known him from a child - he has worked on the canal, I believe; I had only had about five pints of beer, and five or six of us drank out of them - I do not think I drank more than two pints in all; I fell asleep in Whitton's house, and was awoke by finding the prisoner's hand in my pocket - I saw my purse in his hand; I had five half-crowns, two shillings, and one sixpence - I said, "I know you have robbed me;" he made his escape out of the door, fastened it outside, and locked me in till five o'clock in the morning: Whitton had gone to bed about two - he rose at five in the morning, and I told him of my loss; I then went out, and found the prisoner at the Sun, at Uxbridge, at half-past five; I said, "You have robbed me;" he said"No, I have not" - I said, "You may as well confess, you know you have:" he said, "You be * * *, you can't swear to money" - the officer found 3s. 7d. on him; I have not seen the purse since - I have told all the truth, and nothing but the truth.


                  JOHN 
                  BIRCH
               



            . I am a constable. The prosecutor informed me he had been robbed - I looked about, and found the prisoner at the Sun; I found 3s. 6d. and a penny on him - I asked how he came by it; he said it was his brother's, which he took for work the evening before - I asked his brother if it was his; he said No.
Prisoner's Defence. I came out of the Wellington on the Saturday night, about eleven o'clock; the prosecutor caught hold of me, and asked if I would go and have any beer - I said I did not care to have any more; he said,"D-n it, come along" - we went, and had two pints; he then asked if I would take any to my mother - I said No; he then gave Whitton a shilling, and he took three pots to his house - after he had sat there an hour he fell asleep, and fell right athwart the fire; I got him up, left him, and went home - he came to me the next morning, and accused me of this.


                  MICHAEL 
                  SWEETLAND
               



            . I never saw him till he was in the house - I did not fall out of the chair.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WHITTON
               



            . I was with the prosecutor and the prisoner - we had been drinking together; the prosecutor asked the prisoner if he was agreeable to take some beer to his house - he said No, his mother had gone away; he then asked if he could take some to my house - I said as he liked; he gave me a shilling - we got some beer, and went there; I drank some, and fell asleep - when I awoke the prosecutor was there alone; I went to bed, and when I came down in the morning he said, "Durrant has robbed me of 15s.;" I said, "Let us go and see after him"- I cannot say what time I went to bed: it might be two or three o'clock - I do labouring work, and work on the canal, or at fishing; the prisoner was no friend of mine, only we were drinking that night - I do not think Durrant was in my house when I went to bed; I locked the door inside, and when I came down in the morning it was as I had left it; I have only one door - I found the prosecutor asleep when I came down, and I kicked him on the foot to awaken him; he was laying at full length before the door on his belly, and I unlocked the door - I do not think he had any money but the shilling which he gave me to get the beer; I have known the prisoner ever since he was in his mother's arms - he has worked for the parish the last three months, and before that for his brother-inlaw; he had 10d. a day.


                  MICHAEL 
                  SWEETLAND
               



            . I do not know how he got out, but the key was not in the door - Whitton awoke first, and came down.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LIPSCOMB
               



            . I am a baker, and live at Uxbridge. On the 28th of May, after I had done my baking, I went out to carry home pies - I went to the Rose and Crown, and saw the prosecutor there, very tipsy, ill-treating an old man - he then went and treated Ann Clayton with half a pint of rum; he treated another prostitute - he was then rolling about, and upsetting every one; I went to bed at half-past twelve o'clock - the prisoner lodged in my house, and was there at two o'clock; I went through his room, and said, "What do you do here not undressed?" he said, "I was so tipsy I could not undress;" I was called up at half-past four, and he was not up then - I was at home from two till half-past four, and he was at home at that time, I am certain, but I do not know what time he came in; my house is about thirty yards from Whitton's - I did not get up to let him in; the key was in the window.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
