





Before Mr. Justice Taunton.
624. 
               
                  MARY 
                  LUCAS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James Edward 
                        Butler
                     




                  , on the 22d of February
, at St. Marylebone


, and stealing therein 1 tray, value 1s. 6d.; 6 rings, value 3l. 18s.; and 1 eye-glass, value 30s.; his goods
            .


                  JANE 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am the wife of James Edward Butler, jeweller
, of Crawford-street


, in the parish of Marylebone. On Saturday evening, the 22nd of February, Iheard a noise at a quarter past nine o'clock - I was serving a customer at the time, and heard a noise like a blow at the glass, and then heard the glass break - I immediately turned round and saw a woman's hand through the window taking out this tray, containing forty-nine gold rings - the gold eye-glass hung on a wire over it, and fell into the tray with the breaking of the glass - a vinegaret and other things were lost through the glass being broken - I opened the shop-door directly, and perceived a great number of persons had collected together - I saw the prisoner, and caught her with the tray in her hand, at the middle of the road, crossing the street - there were five gold rings and a double gold eye-glass in the tray when I stopped her with it - I called a number of persons to my assistance, and detained her - Edward Sherriff came, took her from me, and gave the tray into my hands - she was taken to the shop and asked why she broke the glass - she said, "To get at the rings" - these are the rings - they are worth 5l.: that is the selling price - the tray is worth 1s. 6d. - there were forty-nine rings on the tray when it was removed, and they were found in the bed of the window afterwards.


                  EDWARD 
                  SHERRIFF
               



            . I am shopman to 
               Nalder
             and 
               Smith
            , who live next door to Mr. Butler's. I was in the shop on Saturday evening, the 22nd of February, and heard the smashing of glass - I walked to the shop door, and saw Mrs. Butler calling for assistance - she had hold of the prisoner - I went up and laid hold of the prisoner, and took the tray from her, with five rings and a gold eyeglass in it - I took her into the shop.


                  HENRY 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I am a policeman. On Saturday night, the 22nd of February, about a quarter past nine o'clock, I was in Crawford-street, and was called by Mrs. Butler - I went into her shop - the prisoner was there - I neither threatened nor made her any promise - I went down into the area and found one ring - the prisoner said, in going to the station-house, that this was not the shop she intended to rob; for she had marked out a watch or two in another shop higher up; but through being lazy, and drinking with another man, she was too late, and the shop was shut up - she thought she must have something, so broke this window.
Prisoner's Defence. I was very much in liquor, and did not know what I was about - as for breaking the window, I have no recollection of it, nor how they ever came into my hand at all.
HENRY SAUNDERS. She had been drinking, but not so as not to know what she was about.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
