



1028. 




MARY SULLIVAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of March, 1 pair of shoes, value 6s. 6d., the goods of 



Robert Richardson; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN CLARK
. I am in the employ of Mr. Robert Richardson, a boot and shoemaker, in Marylebone-lane. On the 28th of March, the prisoner came to his shop at half-past ten o'clock at night—she said she wanted a pair of shoes at about half-a-crown—I got her a pair and fitted them on—she said they were too tight, but they were right in length—I said I would get her another pair—I went to the other end of the shop, and on turning to look at her, I saw her take a pair of men's shoes which were on the floor near her, and put them under her shawl—I brought her another pair—she objected to them, as not having heels—I said I could not suit her—I still saw the shoes she had taken under her shawl, but I did not accuse her in the shop, there were so many persons there—she then went out without buying any thing—our foreman went and brought her back—these shoes were pulled from under her shawl.





STEPHEN BUCK
 (police-constable D 49.) I was called in. I saw the prisoner, who was accused of stealing a pair of men's shoes—I asked her how she came to take them away without paying for them—she said she had paid for them—I then turned to the witness and said, "She says she has paid for them"—he said she had not—she said, to satisfy him and me, she would pay for them again.

Prisoner. I said I had paid him half-a-crown, but there being so many people in the shop, I thought he had put it into his pocket and forgotten it.





JOHN CLARK

re-examined. She did not pay for any shoes at all—I saw no money whatever—there were other persons sitting there, but only two of us can serve.





GEORGE BISHOP
 (police-constable D 30.) I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office (read)—I know she is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
