




108. 




ELLEN MARTIN
 and 




ELIZABETH LANNAN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
23rd of November, at 
St. Paul, Shadwell, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 guard-chain, value 2s. 6d.; 1 key, value 2d.; 13 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, and 9 shillings; the goods and monies of 



William Caithness, in the dwelling-house of 



Timothy Neal.






WILLIAM CAITHNESS
. I am mate of a brig. I went with the prisoner Martin to Mr. Neal's house—I had 15l. in gold in my purse, in my righthand

trowsers-pocket, and about 18s. in silver in my left—I folded my trowsers up and put them under my pillow with the watch—Lannan was also in the room when I went to bed—I went to sleep, and awoke very shortly after—I felt for my watch and missed it—I got up, and inquired of Martin for my watch—she said she had never seen it, and knew nothing of it—I told her to give it to me, she did not—I heard it ticking—I put my hands to her bosom and there found it, and the guard with it—the gold and silver were gone from my trowsers—there were only two half-sovereigns left—I afterwards saw Martin searched by a policeman—she bit his fingers and kicked him, and told him she had only 2s. which I had given to her.

Lannan. He asked for the watch, and this woman found it under the head of the pillow, she said, "I have got it, I was only having a lark," and gave it to him.





SARAH NEAL
. About nine o'clock the prosecutor and a young woman came and asked for a private apartment—he asked the young woman if she would have any thing to drink—she said she did not care what is was—he pulled out a crown, and told me to get some brandy, or what I thought proper—I brought half a pint of rum, and 4s. 2d. change—I showed them up to bed, and left them there—he gave me 2s. for the apartment, and gave Martin 2s., and said in the morning he would make her a present—I returned down stairs, and after a while she said she wanted to see a friend—the youngman was very comfortable, at the same time very tipsy—Martin returned and went up stairs again, and in a short time there was a dispute between them, and Lannan came and knocked at the door, and said she wished to see Martin—she told her to come up stairs, as she wanted her—there was a dispute, and after a little while the prosecutor said he had lost his watch—I said to Martin, "If you have his watch give it him"—she said, "I have it in my bosom, here it is;" and drew it out, holding it with the guard in her hand—she said, "I do not want to rob you of it, you shall have it when I think proper," and put it into her bosom again—he snatched it out in a great passion, and put the guard round his neck—I went down stairs, and he said he had lost money—I asked if she had seen any, she said, "No, she had not"—there was a dispute, and I called a policeman in—Lannan used to wash and mangle for me at one time—she was up stairs with a friend.





TIMOTHY CASEY
. I am a policeman. I was called in between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, to Neal's house in Blue-gate-place, Shadwell—I went up stairs, and asked what was the matter?—both the prisoners were in the room, and said, "This rascal says he is robed, and he had nothing to be robbed of"—he said, "I have been robbed, and have found part of my property"—he produced the watch to me, and said, "I found it on this woman, and I am confident she has the remainder also—I have been robbed of 15l. 18s."—on opening his purse he found two half-sovereigns left—I desired Martin to give up the money—she said she had no money—I insisted on searching her—she insisted on going to the station-house to be searched, and would not allow me to search her—I said I should search her before she left the spot—I took hold of her, and she produced 2s. 2d., which she said he gave her, and said she had no more money—when I laid hold of her to search her she got hold of me, and bit my hand and finger, and gave me a severe kick—I found in her bosom, with the prosecutor's help, three sovereigns, a half sovereign, five shillings, and a penny—she went quietly to the station-house with me, and on her way, she said, the devil help her, for if she had known what she did before, I

should have had none of it—I found nothing on Lannan, but being in the room, I thought it right to take her also.





HENRY THOMAS DALLEY
. I am a policeman. The prisoners were brought to the station-house, before me, at twelve o'clock at night—I had them searched, but nothing was found on either of them—Martin said, the money found was not the prosecutor; s, but what she had had from another man—in about five minutes after, she said she had had 30s. of it given to her by a coal-heaver she was going to live with—10s. from another, and 15s. from a third—she called the prosecutor a bad name, and said, if she had known he had so much money, she would have had the whole of it, if it had been 20l.—that it was not his 2s. that would pay her, and afterwards she said that she had taken the watch out of a lark, and he could not swear to the money—the other money has not been found—I have not brought the money with me—I came off in a hurry this morning, and forgot it—it is three sovereigns and a half, and seven shillings.
(Watch produced and sworn to.)

Martin's Defence. I met the man very much in liquor, and went with him to the room—he wanted to take indecent liberties with me, and I got out a bed, and was making a great noise—he said he had been robbed—I said, "You say that because you see me have this money in my hand"—he said, "I have lost my watch"—I showed his where it laid, and took it in my hand—he took it out of my hand, and put it into his pocked—I called the landlady up, and said, "This man says I have robbed him, you had better fetch a policeman"—she brought one up, and the policeman said, "What money belongs to this man?"—I said, "Only 2s., I have other money of my own"—I refused to be searched by a man, but if he would take me to the station-house, I would be searched by a female—he used me very ill—undressed me—tore my clothes, and took the money from my bosom, which had been given me by another man.

Lannan's Defence. I know nothing about it.





WILLIAM CAITHNESS

re-examined. The gold was all in the purse—they left that, and two half-sovereigns in it.

MARTIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.

LANNAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 38.




Transported for Life.
