





Fourth Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
550. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     WARREN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of February
, 1 bottle, value 3d.; 1 tumbler glass, value 6d., and half a pint of rum, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Beddoes
               




            .
JAMES BEDDOES. I keep the King's Head tavern, in Russell-street




. On Friday last I was at work in my spirit-room the whole of the day, and had occasion to go into the cellar - I did not lock my spirit-room door after me, but left it open; the prisoner was my servant
, and was doing her household work up stairs - about five o'clock a gentleman came to dinner, and she was called down to prepare for him - I found she was not capable of doing it, for instead of preparing the dinner she put the fire out; my mother-in-law came in, and said, "What have you been giving to the servant, she is quite tipsy;" the prisoner was then missing for some time; we went up stairs, found her tipsy on the bed, and a candle burning by her side - I got the Police-officer; we told the prisoner to get up and go about her business - the officer found in a band-box in her bed-room, a bottle, and some rum in it, a glass, and a handkerchief; he took her to the inspector, and she was committed by the Magistrate: on the Saturday I had a charwoman to work, and she found a wash-hand basin full of rum, which she had taken and placed up stairs.
GEORGE TWOART. I was sent for to the prosecutor's, and found the prisoner just raised up in bed, quite in a state of intoxication; Mr. Beddoes wished me to look if there was! my spirits - I looked into a box, and found this glass nearly full, and this bottle full of rum; the wash-hand basin was not in that room, it was at the door, in a box.
Prisoner's Defence. I took none in the wash-hand basin - I took that in the glass; I took not more than two table-spoonsful, and it made my head swim; it is the greatest falsehood to say I was drunk; I have been an honest hard-working servant for upwards of thirty years - trace me all round, and you will find me an honest character; they have a spite against me.


                  JAMES 
                  BEDDOES
               



            . This glass is mine, and was in my bed-room - the bottle I cannot speak to; the rum was above proof, just as it came in from the distiller's - she had left the tap running, which was a great loss to me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
