





396. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FLANNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of December
, 28 handkerchiefs, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Knight
                  




               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be twenty-five yards of silk.
THOMAS KNIGHT. I am a haberdasher
, and live in the Minories


. On Thursday, the 8th of December, about half-past five o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to my shop, and purchased a skein of silk of my boy for 1d.; I was engaged with a customer, showing some black silk handkerchiefs - the prisoner turned, and asked me the price: I said 5s. 6d. - I called my young man to serve him, and told him to look sharp after him; my young man came and whispered something to me; I came round towards the prisoner, and he turned from me - I took hold of his umbrella; I pulled it open, and saw a piece of handkerchiefs sticking up in it - he resisted violently, and knocked my young man through a square of glass; I would not let go my hold of him - two or three neighbours came, and I sent for an officer; three pieces dropped out on the floor, and two were found at the watch-house - he offered to buy one, to pay 1s. off, and come in the morning for it.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Part were found in the umbrella, and part had dropped on the floor? A. Yes - he had his umbrella in his hand, and he let it fall on the floor, in the scuffle; the umbrella was not fastened - I did not observe a woman in the shop; there were two more gentlemen - he had no business near the handkerchiefs; they were not what I was showing.


                  RICHARD 
                  SHALE
               



            . I was in the shop, and saw the prisoner come in with the umbrella in his hand; my master said, "Richard, why don't you come round?" I came round, and showed him some black silk handkerchiefs - he asked the price; I said 5s. 6d. - he said, would we object to his paying 1s. then, and the rest on the morrow - my master said, "Oh, no;" I went round, as if to make a bitt, but instead of that I watched, and saw him take a chair near where some silk handkerchiefs were, and I saw him drag four pieces down into his umbrella - I told my master, who taxed him with it; a scuffle ensued - a neighbour came to assist; I ran for an officer - when I came back I picked up three pieces from the floor, and two were found at the watch-house.


                  JAMES 
                  HOPPEY
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was given to me; these handkerchiefs were given to me at the shop, and these I found in his umbrella at the watch-house.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
