






1397. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     McDINE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of September
, 1 half-crown, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hart
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HART
               



            . I am a labourer
 to Mr. Girling, bricklayer, Castle-street. On Sunday, the 8th of September, I was in Earl-street, Seven-dials


, about two o'clock in the morning - I had been with some shop-mates and been drinking, but I had all my senses about me; I had not seen the prisoners before - but the prisoner McDine came up and challenged me to fight; he struck me in the eye and knocked me down - I had not said anything to him - he gave me a black eye; Davis then came as it were to assist me up, and slipped his hand into my right-hand breeches pocket where I had two half-crowns, and he took out one of them - I put my hand into my pocket and missed it - I challenged them with it, and enticed them up the street to give them something to drink, until I saw a policeman who took them; upon my solemn oath they were strangers to me, I had never seen them before to my knowledge.
McDine. Q. Can you solemnly swear that when I met you, you did not catch hold of my smock-frock and tear it before I struck you? Witness. A. No I did not.
Davis. Q. Did you not put 21/2d. into my hand, and tell me you would go and have some gin? Witness. A. No, I did not.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MACDONALD
               



             (police-constable T 36). I was on duty, and heard the two prisoners and the prosecutor coming up to my beat - the prosecutor asked them to give him his half-crown, or the first policeman he met he would give them into custody - I then went over and took them under a lamp; I found on Davis one half-crown piece, two sixpences, and fourpence-halfpenny in copper, all in the same pocket - I found nothing on the other prisoner; the prosecutor was not quite sober, but he knew perfectly well what he was about; I told him the nature of the charge, and that it was a very dangerous one, if he was not well aware of it - he said he was sure Davis was the person who took the half-crown from his pocket; the prosecutor had been drinking, but was perfectly sensible.
McDine. I was intoxicated, he tore my frock, this is it - I then struck him, and we both fell too fighting.
Davis. The money found on me, McDine gave me to take care of.
Mr. Fowler, of Silver-street, Golden-square, gave McDine a good character.
McDINE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
