



617. 



JOSEPH ADY
 was indicted

 for a misdemeanor.


MESSRS. CLARKSON and BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





REV. FRANCIS TEBBUTT
. I am a clergyman of the Church of England, and live at Welton, in Northampton. I formerly lived at Lower Clapton—I have a brother who lives in Austin-friars—I came to town in the month of July last year, and went to my brother's house in Austin-friars—my brother gave me this letter on my arrival—on receiving it, I called on Mr. Hammond—he accompanied me to the Circus, in the Minories—I rang at the bell, and a female servant opened the door—I inquired if James Laurie lived there—the defendant opened a door on the right hand of the hall, and made his appearance—I believe that was before the servant answered my question—I said, "I have received a letter from James Laurie, dated No. 11, Circus, Minories; does that person reside here?"—he said, "Walk in, I can manage that business"—we went into the room on the right hand side out of which he came—Mr. Hammond accompanied me—I gave the letter to Mr. Hammond in the room—I think Mr. Hammond put the letter into Ady's hand—his attention was directed to it—I asked him if James Laurie lived there—he said yes, he did—I said, "Is he at home?"—he said, "No, he is not at home, but I can answer that letter"—I then said, "Laurie is a singular name—I knew, formerly, a Mr. Laurie, when I was at the Cambridge University, is your partner related to any of that family?"—he had said Laurie was his partner—I think that was when we first went into the house—we had the letter exposed; when he said he could answer that letter—I said, "I knew Mr. Laurie, of Cambridge, who was a nephew of the late Lord Mayor," and said, "Is your partner at all related to

that family?"—he said, "He is his own brother—we have been in partnership some time, did you not know that?" Q. Did you ask who he meant by his own brother? A. Sir Peter Laurie—I said, "No, I do not reside in London, I reside in Northamptonshire"—he said, "Oh that is the reason: every body in London knows it; we have been in partnership for some time," or "for six months"—I cannot exactly say which he said—I asked him when James Laurie would be in—he said he could not tell, he was gone out, but he could answer the letter, and he then went behind the counter to his books—I said, "Is it in your power, or James Laurie's power, to tell me of 250l. mentioned in this letter; which I can receive on payment of a sovereign?"—he said, "It is"—Mr. Hammond then began a conversation with him, and asked him whether he was sure the James Laurie mentioned in that letter, was the own brother of Sir Peter Laurie, the late Lord Mayor—he said, "Yes, he is; have not you teen any of our circulars," or "papers?"—I forget which—he then went to the corner of the room, took some papers, and gave one to Mr. Hammond, and one to myself—Mr. Hammond again asked whether he was sure he could be informed of 250l. which Mr. Tebbutt could receive if the sovereign was paid, and whether if the money was not forthcoming, he would return the sovereign—whether he would give an acknowledgment to that effect—he said he would, and gave an acknowledgment—this is the receipt he gave me—I had previously given Mr. Hammond a sovereign—Mr. Hammond handed it over the counter to Ady—Mr. Hammond had before that asked him particularly whether, in the absence of James Laurie, his partner, he was authorized to receive money on his own account?—he said, "I am."

Q. What induced you to permit Mr. Hammond in your presence to pay that sovereign to the defendant? A. The belief that I should receive the information contained in the letter, and that James Laurie was the person he represented—I do not think I should have given the sovereign if he had not represented James Laurie to be his partner, and the brother of Sir Peter Laurie—upon payment of the sovereign this paper was given me as the information—I read it, and when I saw the name of my brother, who was dead, and Mr. Lloyd, I knew it immediately referred to 100l. stock my father had presented to one of Mr. Lloyd's children—it never stood in my name, but in my brother's name, Thomas Tebbutt and John Lloyd—it related to 100l. stock which my father gave Lloyd's child, which was to remain in the funds until he attained his majority—I said to him, "This money has been had out of the funds, to the best of my belief, many years ago, and I have no interest in it whatever, therefore I will thank you to return my money"—he said, "Are you not a better lawyer than that?"—I remonstrated with him for detaining my money, but could not get it back—I told him repeatedly it did not at all concern me—he said he had only my word for that. The documents produced were here read as follows:—
"To S. Tebbutt, Esq., April 28, 1834—The undersigned is able to inform you of something to your advantage, value 250l., on payment to 20s., by post, or otherwise, for his trouble. Yours respectfully, &c, James Laurie, accountant, 11, Circus, Minories. No letters received, unless post-paid."
"Received, 10th of July, 1834, of Mr. F. Tebbutt, 1l. for information annexed, which fee I promise to return in case no benefit result—£1. Joseph Ady, No. 11, Circus, Minories, London, thirty-four years resident in the same parish. Censure is the tax a man pays to the public for being eminent.

Mr. Tebbutt was a creditor of De Witt, an insolvent. Apply to A. Hayward, Welch Charity, Gray's-inn-road, Consols, page 137; John Lloyd, Leather-lane, Thomas Tebbutt, and Charles Thomas Lloyd, 1813—dividend ever since, £250. On the back of this paper was inserted, "It is the undoubted right of every British subject to employ his capital and exertions in any manner he thinks proper, not contrary to the laws of his country—Judge Vaughan."

MR. TEBBUTT. I was never a creditor of De Witt, an insolvent.

Cross-examined by
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How long had you received the letter before you went to the defendant? A. Some few weeks—I had been in London perhaps a week at that time—I was engaged very particularly—I was never in town exceeding a week, and I believe that was only once—I might have been in town twice for a week—Mr. Hammond was unknown to me until a day or two before he went with me—I went to Mr. Hammond's to call for my rent—I did not produce this letter to him on the first occasion—perhaps it might be the second time—I saw him twice in the course of the week—I produced it to him the same day as I went to the Minories—I asked his opinion—he said he would recommend me to go—that Laurie was a very respectable name, and he had no doubt there was something in it—he did not tell me that he knew any of the family of the Lauries—I gave him a sovereign to give to the man as we walked along the street—I told him I did not like to take the leading part in it—it was not in my way at all—I did not understand the nature of it—I did not like to take the leading part in going for such a purpose—going to pay a sovereign to receive information—that was all that passed in my mind at that time.

Q. On your oath, was it not for the purpose of paying a sovereign in the presence of a witness, that you might give evidence of it hereafter, that you took Mr. Hammond with you? A. It was not—I had no such thought or intention—I went and paid it under the idea I should receive information and benefit—I did not abuse Mr. Ady at all—I believe Mr. Hammond did—I do not know whether Ady was obliged to send for a policeman—I do not know whether he sent, or the people on his premises—I did not see him send, nor hear him—he did send, I believe—he talked of it—Ady took Mr. Hammond by the collar—Mr. Hammond said he never allowed any man to take him by the collar, and if he did not loose him he would strike him, or something.

Q. Did he say he would hit his nose flat? A. I cannot say the words he used—I do not remember the word "nose"—I never heard, before I went to get the information referred to in the letter, that there had been money standing in the names of Lloyd and Tebbutt and others, which had afterwards been claimed and sold—I knew there was a property in the name of Charles Lloyd, in the hands of trustees—Thomas Tebbutt was one of the trustees—he is dead.

Q. Did not you know that it had been in the published list of unclaimed dividends for some years? A. I believe not, for I believe the youth wanted the money, and when he became of age it was sold out, but I am on very slight terms with my family, and know very little about it—I am brother to the attorney in Austin-friars—I did not confer with him about the letter—he gave it to me at the inn—I believe I did not see my brother during the whole week I was in town—I am not on terms with him.

Q. Did you ever see such a book as this, of unclaimed dividends and property in trust in the funds? A. No; these are the names of the trusees

of the property—(looking at the book)—the information was not that there had been money of that kind, but that there was—I should think the money was paid to my nephew about five or six years ago, but I have not seen him for the last ten years—I do not think I have seen him six times since he was born—I immediately demanded my money back from Ady, according to the terms the receipt was written—I went to the Lord Mayor the day after—I did not go to Gray's-inn-lane, or any where, to make inquiry—I made no inquiry of Hay ward, of Gray's-inn-lane.

Q. Now I ask you, very seriously, on your oath, did not Mr. Hammond and you together, or Mr. Hammond, with your knowledge, go there for the purpose of making evidence of this case? A. I did aot—Mr. Hammond did not tell me that No. 11, Circus, was Ady's house, or that we were going to see Ady—he said, "Ady lives in the Minories"—that was all he said—it was on the road—I believe he mentioned Ady's name, after I gave him the sovereign—I gave him the money in the street—I believe, on the road, Mr. Hammond said he had paid 1l. to Ady, add he mentioned, either at the house or just before we went there, that the information he got was not correct, and he got his money back—I did not know I was going there to see Ady—I had no idea of it—I do not remember whether Mr. Hammond told me it was Ady, when Ady presented himself—I cannot swear he did not—after we were in the house, Mr. Hammond and Ady had some conversation, and then I heard Ady's name—that was before the money was paid.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You were asked whether the money had been paid out of the bank some time before the transaction; are you sure your nephew was of age before the 28th April, 1834? A. Certainly—I had nothing to do with the money when it was in the Bank—I did not know of such a person as De Witt—when I went to No. 11, Circus, I expected to see the person who had signed the letter—I know nothing of Ady.
----HAMMOND, ESQ. I am a ship-owner, and carry on business in Mincing-lane, and Commercial Sale-rooms. I am a magistrate of Kent, and have been foreman of the Grand Jury this Session—I think the 10th of July was the first or second time I had seen Mr. Tebbutt—he called on me on the 10th of July, and showed me this letter—I accompanied him to No. 11, Circus, Minories—when we got there, we knocked at the door, and asked if a person named James Laurie lived there—during the time we were asking the servant, the prisoner came up, and said, he dare say he could do that which we came about—we showed him this letter, and asked him if a person of the name of James Laurie lived there—he desired us to walk in—we walked in, and said we came in consequence of an application made to Mr. Tebbutt respecting some money which that letter alluded to—I then asked him who James Laurie was—he said, "James Laurie is my partner, and he is the brother of Sir Peter Laurie, the late Lord Mayor of London"—I said, "Are you authorized to receive the money by James Laurie?"—he said, "Yes"—upon that, Mr. Tebbutt desired me to pay him the sovereign—with that the money was paid him, and he accordingly set about giving us the information which the letter alluded to—something passed about Mr. Tebbutt living in the country—I believe that arose in consequence of the letter being directed to a wrong place—Mr. Tebbutt said he thought it was all right; that he knew Sir Peter Laurie's family to be highly respectable, he having been at college with his nephew—we asked the prisoner, in case the information did not relate to Mr. Tebbutt, or that he could not get any thing by it, would he return the money—he said he

would—he gave the information, and I think a receipt was given for it—it was asked for, I do not know whether by Mr. Tebbutt or myself, and he gave it—I am telling the substance of what passed, as far as I can recollect—he gave a piece of paper, with what, he said, was the information—this is the paper and the receipt—they were handed to Mr. Tebbutt—he said it did not relate to him, and asked him for the money back—Ady said he would not give it back—I do not recollect any thing passing about a lawyer—he did not return the money—he was asked for it a great many times—we stopped in the house a great while, and tried to get it; and at last went away, and made application to the Lord Mayor—the prisoner sent his servant for a policeman, because we would not go out of the house with—out the money—I think Ady attempted to lay hold of me by the collar, to force me out of the house—I had not used any violence to him—I did not approve of being taken by the collar, and I think I said if he did take hold of my collar, I should knock him down, or any man who attempted it—he shut me outside the door, and locked himself in—that was before the policeman came, I believe—I and Mr. Tebbutt went away together, and never got the sovereign back.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Do I understand you that the 10th of July was the first time you had seen Mr. Tebbutt? A. The first or second, I cannot say which—he called on me, because I had purchased some property of which he was the ground landlord, and I wished to buy the freehold—I do not know what interval elapsed between his first and second call—I am not certain I saw him twice—the very first time he mentioned the subject to me, I went with him—I do not think he told me that the letter came from the Minories—he gave me the letter—I knew I was going to the Circus, before I went—I cannot say whether I mentioned the name of Ady to him as living in the Minories—I knew the name of Ady before—I had applied to him before, and had paid money for some information—I think I received a paper from him—I called on him again, and said the information was not what I expected—he gave me back the sovereign—I am sure I do not know whether I told Mr. Tebbutt that Ady lived in the Minories—I might, or I might not; I cannot charge my recollection with it—I recognised Ady when 1 went into the room—I do not think I called him by his name in the conversation at all, but I am sure I do not know—I recollect Mr. Tebbutt giving me the sovereign to give to him, as we were going along—I cannot tell why he did not keep it himself—I do not know that any thing particular passed when he gave it me—I think he said, "If we are satisfied the information is correct, and the name the letter bears is the person who lives there, with my consent you will give him the money—I do not think I told Mr. Tebbutt that I had given him a sovereign for information, and got it back—I do not recollect whether I did or did not, but to the best of my recollection, I think not—I do not think I mentioned it while we were in the house, but I cannot recollect—I may have said so—I do not think I told Mr. Tebbutt of that transaction before I got to the house—I might have done so while I was, in the house.

Q. You have said you never mentioned Ady's name to him while you were going there; did it not occur to you, that the letter might have come from Ady? A. I do not think it did at the time, as it was signed "Laurie"—I do not think I told Mr. Tebbutt that I believed the letter came from Ady—I cannot say I did or did not mention Ady's name to Mr. Tebbutt before I went to the house—after the sovereign was paid, some information was given—I repeated to Ady, "Sir, are you confident that letter is the

signature of James Laurie, and that James Laurie is your partner?"—that was both before and after we paid the money—after the information was given to Mr. Tebbutt, vie asked for the money back—we did not ask for it instantly—it might be a quarter of an hour after—I will not swear about it—I am confident it was more than two minutes—I am confident more than two minutes elapsed between our getting the information and demanding the sovereign back—I cannot swear positively, but to the best of my recollection, I am confident two minutes had elapsed.

Q. Did not Ady in reply say, "Go, and make the inquiry first, and then if you do not find it satisfactory, I will give you back the money?" A. No. I do not recollect any thing of the sort—I will not swear he did or did not say so—Mr. Tebbutt said it did not relate to him at all; and as such, he said, "Give me the sovereign back"—I told Ady we would not go out of the house without we had the money—I told him I would knock him down if he collared me—perhaps I might have told him I would hit his nose flat, but I have great doubt of it—he did not give me an opportunity of shaking my fist in his face, for he shut the door in my face—I dare say we were in the house an hour or more—it might be two or three—I cannot tell how long we were in the house before we demanded the sovereign back—I should think it was more than ten minutes—I will not swear it was more—we might have remained two or three hours after he gave the information—we were trying to get the money back.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Probably you would have put your threat in execution if he had collared you? A. No doubt I should—I had paid him for information, but got none—I got my money back after a great deal of trouble.





SIR PETER LAURIE, KNT
. I reside in Park-square. I have lately been Lord Mayor—I never had a brother James—I have no brother connected or in partnership with the defendant—I have no brother in London at all.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. I believe you have known Mr. Ady some years? A. I have—I had him once or twice before me when I was Lord Mayor—I did not direct measures to be taken against him—the Court of Aldermen did—I publicly advertised people to be cautious of him—I think for about a month, once or twice a week, it was done; perhaps it might be longer—I remember stopping it myself.





JOHN LLOYD
. I am a corn-dealer, and live in Leather-lane. I was one of the trustees of a fund invested in the Bank for my son—Thomas Tebbutt was the other trustee—it was 60l., bought into the Bank, it purchased 100l. stock—it was invested about twenty-four years ago—he became of age four years ago—the stock was sold in October, 1831—I am sure there was no money of his in the Bank in 1834—I have the receipt in my pocket for the sale of the stock.

Cross-examined by
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What did it amount to when it was sold out? A. 160l. odd—the dividend had not been invested regularly, or it would have been more—it was invested about twelve months after he was born—if the dividend had been invested regularly, it would have been more—I never knew Mr. Ady in my life.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know a gentleman named James Laurie? A. No.





FREDERICK LACY
. I am secretary to the Welch Charity, and live at the school-house in Gray's-inn-road. I have lived there constantly since the 24th of June, 1831—no person named Hayward has lived there since that time—I know such a person by name.

Mr. Adolphus addressed the Court and the Jury on the defendant's behalf. (Augustus Cole, chinaman, 31, Houndsditch; John Saunders, Laurence-Pountney-lane, factor; Benjamin Denton, keeper of the Kent and Essex. Tavern, Whitechapel; Richard Spurgeon; John Cookson Kelly, printer, Houndsditch; Messrs. William Parnell Tyars, John Hoard, and Abraham Saul, Common Council-men of Portsoken Ward; William Moss Batho, vestry clerk to St. Botolph, Without Aldgate; and Thomas Cole, chinaman, Hackney-road, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.
