






Fourth Middlesex Jury. - Before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
437. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DUFF
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of December
, 16lbs. of beef, value 9s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Bransgrove
               




            ; and that, at the Delivery of His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, on Thursday, the 10th of September, in the 10th year of His Majesty's Reign, the said James Duff was convicted of felony, by the name of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Duff
               



            .
GEORGE PATERSON. I live with Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Bransgrove
               



            , a butcher
, of Rose-street, Covent-garden


. On the evening of the 9th of December I was taking care of the shop - there was no one at home but me; I saw the two prisoners walking up and down about the door for about a quarter of an hour; Duff then came to me, and said, "Is your master out;" I said Yes - he then came and wanted to play with me, and to tickle me; Morris was walking up and down by the wine-vaults next door - Morris then said,"I should like a mutton-chop for my supper;" I said he should have it if he paid for it - he laughed at that; they walked up and down, and wanted me to play with them - they had made a mess before the door, and I took the broom to sweep it away; the handle came out - Duff took the broom, threw it through the window, and broke it; he then put his hand into the window, and I thought he wanted to steal something - they then came into the shop, and Duff held me down and put saw-dust into my mouth, while Morris took a rump of beef and ran off with it, and in a few minutes Duff ran away; they were taken in about a quarter of an hour - my master never got his rump of beef; I am sure they are the men - I had seen them about before.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q.Then you knew Duff? A. I had seen him about, and knew his name - I do not know whether it was what they call larking - Duff staid in the shop a minute or two; I saw Morris reach his hand up, take the beef, and put it on his right shoulder; Duff was with me till Morris was gone; a man came to the shop and asked me if I had lost any thing, but I did not think of this at that minute - I thought he meant something off the block; that was about five minutes after: I know the consequences of an oath, and swear I saw the beef taken, but when the man came I thought he meant something off the block - I did not think of this at that time; this happened between eight and nine o'clock - I saw the prisoners again in a coffee-shop in Bedfordbury, a little before nine; I said they were the men - I looked round the shop to see if I had lost any thing when the person came to ask me, and I began to cry; I thought my master would be very angry.
COURT. Q.There was a rump of beef hanging up, and it was gone? A. Yes.
THOMAS YOUNG. I sell hardware in the market. On the night of the 9th of December I saw the two prisoners running about two hundred yards from the prosecutor's - Duff was running first: he called out, "Charley, you make haste on;" Morris said, "D-n you, I am making haste;" Morris had a rump of beef on his shoulder, and the hook fell out of it - I took up the book, and went to the prosecutor's shop; this boy was standing outside.
Cross-examined. Q. What time was this? A. Between eight and nine o'clock; it was dark, but I know both the prisoners - they lived in the neighbourhood; I went to the shop, and saw the boy - I asked if he had lost any thing, and at first he said No; I said, "Has there not been two men here?" he then burst out into very heavy tears, and said, "I have lost a rump of beef;" he was crying at the door when I first went - he said his mouth had been crammed with saw-dust.


                  RICHARD 
                  GRANTHAM
               



            . I keep a coffee-shop in Bedfordbury. The prisoners came to my shop on the night in question, and brought in some ragged pieces of beef, not much like a rump - I should think there were 3lbs. or 4lbs. of it; I did not see any bone - they filled the fryingpan with it twice; it was about a quarter-past nine o'clock- my shop is about one hundred yards from the prosecutor's; the Police-man came and took them.
Cross-examined. Q. Then they brought no more steak than would serve two men? A. I do not know; the Police-men took it away, and eat it the next day.
WILLIAM BRANSGROVE. It is my shop - I returned home at a quarter after nine o'clock, and missed a rump of beef, with a bone in it, weighing about 16 lbs.
Duff's Defence. I left work a little after eight o'clock, and met Morris at the corner of New-street, Covent-garden - he had some steaks, which he said he bought in Clare-market, his father was not at home, and he was going to cook them at a public-house; I said, "I am going to acoffee-shop, if you like to go there you may;" we went there, and I had a bit on a bit of bread - I had no plate; the officer came and took me - I was earning 5s., or 6s. a day: if I stood on a scaffold instead of here I should say I was innocent - the boy says he saw Morris take the meat, and if I held his head down how could he see it; I declare before God, my maker, I had no act in it.
Morris' Defence. I bought the steaks in Clare-market- I met Duff, who said he was going to a coffee-shop; I said, "I am going to have some steaks, if you like to have any you may;" they were just turned out of the pan when the officer came and took us.


                  ROBERT 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I produce a certificate of the conviction of Duff, by the name of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Duff
               



            , for stealing a coat and a pair of trousers of his master's; he was sent for six weeks to the House of Correction - I took him, and gave evidence on the trial.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you speak from a recollection of his person? A. Yes - he is the same person who was then tried; he said they had put his name wrong.
DUFF - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
MORRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
