





1852. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ALLEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, 39 pence, and 42 halfpence, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Nicholas 
                           Charrington
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  EARLE
               



            . I am a clerk in the counting-house of Mr. Nicholas Charrington; he is a brewer
, and lives in Mile-end


 - I take care of all the money which comes into the counting-house; I keep the copper in a cupboard, which is locked - I keep the key in my pocket, or in a desk, which is locked. The prisoner was a watchman there in the morning when the night watchman went to call the men, and in the evening before the night watchman came on duty; he has been so employed for a few months, but he has been four years employed on the premises; I had missed money from time to time, and on the night of the 13th of July I marked twenty-eight packages of 5s. papers of halfpence, in the presence of the storehouse clerk, and gave him the key of the cupboard, where they were put - the prisoner was apprehended early the next morning, but I was not present; no one had access to the cupboard but me.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BELL
               



            . I am the storehouse clerk. I saw the papers of halfpence which had been marked, put into the cupboard in the evening; the prisoner came at four o'clock in the morning, and had to clean out the counting-house in which the cupboard was - I unlocked the cupboard when he had cleaned out the counting-house, and missed one paper of copper; they had been marked from No. 1 to 28, and No. 24 was missing - I was present when he was searched, and that identical paper was found in his trousers pocket.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. You saw the prisoner about four o'clock in the morning? A. Yes; I am always there at the beginning of business - there was nobody but him employed that morning in the counting-house - when he came out, and shut the door, no one could go in but myself; there were, perhaps, fifty persons in the yard.


                  SAMUEL 
                  JOHN HAM
               



             (Police-serjeant K 16.) I was sent for, and found this packet of copper in the prisoner's trousers pocket; I found in his jacket pocket this chisel, and on the cupboard door was a slight mark, which appeared as if done by this chisel - I opened the door with it very easily.
MR. EARLE. This is one of the papers I marked - it is No. 24.
Prisoner's Defence. I took the copper from a stool - the storehouse clerk owed me a spite, and he sent for the officer; he often said he would get me turned out.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
