





Before Mr. Justice Bayley.
512. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BURLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 9th of February
, being in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Lester
                        




                     
                  , did steal therein 1 basket, value 6d.; 1 knife, value 4d.; 1/2lb. of pork, value 4d.; 3 biscuits, value 1d.; 2 sixpences, and 7s. 6 1/2d. in copper monies, his property; and that having committed the said felony, about five o'clock in the night of the same day, burglariously did break the said dwelling-house to get out of the same
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Leonard, Shoreditch. On the 9th of February, about five o'clock in the morning, I heard a noise like the bolt of a door being drawn - I saw a door open, and a head look out; the door then closed - I went over to the door, tried it, and found it fastened; I got in, and found the prisoner in the passage with a little basket in his hand - I asked how he came there; he said he had slept there that night, and called to see the gentleman who kept the house - I asked where the gentleman was; he said he was in bed - I asked where he himself slept, and to show me the room; he saw a door a few steps up, and said that was his room -I told him to open the door; he tried, but could not - I knocked, and Lester, the landlord, got up; the house is in the parish of St. Leonard's, Shoreditch.


                  JOHN 
                  LESTER
               



            . I rent this house. I never saw the prisoner till I was alarmed that morning - I did not know of his being in the house; I was the last person up the night before, and fastened the door safe; it was bolted with three bolts, but there was no lock - an iron bar goes across, and a bolt through the bar; any body within could open it - the prisoner had got on a beer stand to reach the top bolt; it stood just inside the door - the basket he had is mine, and contained a quantity of farthings, a piece of bread, and a knuckle of pork - I missed out of the till two sixpences, a shilling, about 16d. in copper, and a knife from near the till; I found the knife in his pocket - the basket had come from the country, and has my direction on it; there were two halfpence among the copper which I am certain were in my till the night before; they are marked particularly - it was quite dark when the watchman called me.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 12.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
