





1340. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     WILLIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of September
, 1 oven, value 5l.; and 2 baker's troughs, value 5s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Attwood
                        




                     
                  , being fixed to a building
            , &c.
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the Prosecution.
RICHARD ATTWOOD. I am a market-gardener
, and live at Mortlake, in Surrey. I have a house in Britannia-street, City-road


 - I let it to the prisoner in August, 1832, at the rent of 40l. a year - there was no agreement in writing; but he asked me whether I should have anyobjection to let him have it on a term at the end of twelve months - I told him if I found him to be a respectable tenant I should have no objection - he asked me if I would allow him to remove an oven which was there - I told him that would be an after consideration; but I would not allow it to be removed, on any account, till after the term was granted - I gave him the key of the house, but whether he went into possession I do not know - I went once or twice afterwards, but could not get admission - I afterwards got possession of the house by a magistrate's warrant - I met the prisoner in the New-road, I stopped him, and asked if it was true as I had heard, that the oven was gone? he said, yes, he had removed it; I said, I should give him into custody, he said, "Don't do that, I am not the kind of man you take me for, I will bring you respectable persons to be bound for the oven being built up again" - I asked him to go with me to them, at that time, he said, he could not, but he would meet me at the Rainbow Coffee-house, the next morning, and bring persons who would be bound - I went there, but he did not come, and I did not see him till he was before the Lord Mayor - the value of the oven is laid at 5l., but I could not build it for 50l.


                  JOHN 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am a linen-draper, I live in George-street, Somers-town. I was present when the prisoner took the house.
Prisoner. Did I not say to Mr. Attwood that my intention was to make a warehouse. and unless he would give me authority to remove the oven, the premises would be of no use to me. Witness. I did not hear that; you said, you wanted it for a warehouse, but he particularly named that you were not to remove the oven - I was not to go into business with you, I was to go as your servant - I 
               drew
             an agreement for a man to take the oven away.


                  JAMES 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I am a carman, and live in Europa-place. The prisoner applied to me, and said, he had an oven in Britannia-street, which he was going to pull down, to make a warehouse - and he asked if I could get a customer for the oven - I spoke to Mr. Dymock, for whom I was at work, and he bought it for 4l. 10s.


                  FRANCIS 
                  DYMOCK
               



            . I live at No. 46, Brick-lane. I bought the oven for 4l. 10s.; I have the receipt.


                  JOHN 
                  VICKERS
               



            . I live in Albany-street, Regent's-park, but I did live opposite to the house the prisoner had in Britannia-street; I frequently saw him go in and out, but the house was always shut up close - I saw an old woman frequently go in and out, and always shut the door very carefully; I have seen people knock at the door, but I never saw anybody let in; I never saw any furniture taken in; I saw the materials of the oven carried away; the prisoner entered some time in August last year, and Mr. Attwood got possession in May last.
Prisoner's Defence. I told Mr. Attwood I wanted the premises as a warehouse, provided he would give me leave to take the oven away; he said, "Very well;" and asked if I would take the lease; I said I would within twelve months; to which he consented, and gave me possession; I had a person living in the house; as the oven was of no use to me, I applied to Mr. Bedell who built it; he said it had been built twenty-two years, he took hold of a brick and some of the bricks fell down; he said he could not allow me anything for it and if he removed it he must be paid for his man and horse and cart; in a few days Goddard told me that Mr. Dymock would buy it as he was going to build a wall, and he would allow me 4l. 10s. for it; I agreed to those terms and it was carried away; but circumstances did not admit of my making the alteration so soon as I intended; but I resided there six months; I was not applied to for rent, till I met the prosecutor in the road, and he asked if I could pay him, I said "Not at present;" he said I had better give him up the key if I could not make the alterations I intended, that he might let the house; I said if he would give me a little time I should be able to fulfil my promise - I never saw any one for five weeks afterwards; when I went home one night and knocked at the door, I found it had been broken open and a notice on it, which I took down and put into my pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
