




976. 




THOMAS HUNTER
 and 




JAMES KING
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
20th of March, 2 yards of linen cloth, value 2s.; and 20 yards of diaper, value 30s.; the goods of 



Edward George Barron.







HENRY ALLEN
 (police-constable N 250.) I live in Rodney-street. On the night of the 20th of March I was in Lower-street, Islington, about eight o'clock—I saw four men near Mr. Barren's shop—he is a linen draper—I walked on, on the other side of the way, and saw one man cross the road—I ran after him—he went down River-street—I ran across a brick-field, and got to the top of River-street, where I had seen the man go down, with something, which I supposed to be linen—I stopped about a minute, when the two prisoners came up in conversation, and Hunter was carrying a bundle—I followed them about fifty yards, and then asked Hunter what he had got there—he said, "It is mine"—I said, "You are my prisoner"——he then threw down the bundle, and I took him to the station—it had two pieces of linen in it—King walked off—he was a yard or two before Hunter—I am sure they were together—I had seen them both together before the prosecutor's shop, and I saw them again in River-street, in two or three minutes—I had known King a considerable time.

King. Q. How long had you known me? A. Two or three years—I heard you had been in custody—I am sure you were, with Hunter that day, and he told me where to find you.





EDWARD GEORGE BARRON
. I keep a linen-draper's shop, in Norfolk-place, Lower-road, Islington. Here is about twenty yards of linen sheeting, and about twenty yards of diaper which were taken from my premises on the 20th of March—this handkerchief was round the linen when it was taken from the prisoner—it is not mine.





HENRY ALLEN

re-examined. When I took Hunter, he called to King, and said, "King, he says I have stolen this linen!"—King said, "What!" and he returned a short distance—I told him if he came within my reach I should take him—he then turned and walked away.





WILLIAM REYNOLDS
. I am an officer. I apprehended King on the 26th of March, in the yard of Sadler's-well's Theatre—I know both the prisoners; I have seen them in each others company nightly.

HUNTER—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

KING—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.




Transported for Seven Years.
