





220. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LEARY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, 1 watch, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Pearce
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Pearce
                        



.
MARY PEARCE. I am the mother of 
               
                  William 
                  Pearce
               



            ; this watch was his. On the 27th of November I had taken it out of pledge, at the corner of Fore-street, Limehouse, about one o'clock; it came on a very heavy rain, and I went into the Queen's Head public-house


 - I sat on a bench by the fire-side, and the prisoner was close to me; the watch was in my pocket - I had not been there ten minutes before he went away; I am quite sure the watch was in my pocket when he sat down by me, and in a minute after he left I put my hand into my pocket, and the watch was gone - he was taken the same evening; I saw him at Lambeth-street.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 27th of November the prisoner pawned this watch, for 1s., which was all he asked for it - he pawned it in the name of John Leary; the prosecutrix saw it the next day, and said it was her son's.


                  MARY 
                  PEARCE
               



            . The watch belonged to my son, who is in the East Indies; he had pawned it in December last year - I am certain it is the watch I redeemed.
Prisoner's Defence. It is my own - I have had it in my possession nine months; I wanted a pot of beer, and pawned it for 1s.


                  JAMES 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am a son of the prosecutrix. I know my brother's watch - I know this to be the watch by the ribbon and key, and the watch; I have seen it in his possession scores of times.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
