





Before Mr. Recorder.
639. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WISE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December
, 50 live tame pigeons, price 2l. 10s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Jeffcoat
               




            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  DANIEL 
                  JEFFCOAT
               



            . I am the father of John Jeffcoat, and live at Greenford


. I left home on the 18th of December, and left our pigeons about I believe - I returned on the 21st, in consequence of what my son said; I looked into the dove-cot, and missed the pigeons - there was a hole forced through, quite large enough for a man to get through; after missing the pigeons I went to Mr. Calis' house, and asked if he had bought any pigeons - he said Yes; I said, "Of whom?" he said, "What is that to you?" on the 5th of February I went there, on the day the shooting was, and saw about a score of pigeons, which were shot, and were dead - while the shooting was going on I had three pigeons come home, one of which I knew;it had a feather broken in its tail, as if it had been shot - in consequence of what I afterwards heard from Calis I had him and the prisoner taken; Calis was discharged -I had pigeons like those I saw dead in the hamper at Calis', and one I particularly knew.
COURT. Q. How many pigeons did you lose? A. About fifty - I have the live pigeons here which came home, and which I particularly speak to.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. How many pigeons had you? A. About fifty; I believe I had seen them a day or two before the 18th of December - about the 16th; there was about the usual number; I returned on the 21st, and missed them the same day - I did not ask Mr. Calis to let me see them till the 5th of February; I had seen him two or three times in the time, and said to him, "Mr. Calis, you have bought a lot of pigeons?" he said, Yes -I said, "Of whom did you buy them?" he said, "What is that to you?" the three pigeons came home on the 5th of February, in a direction from Mr. Calis' - they do sometimes wander; this pigeon, whose tail is shot, came in that direction - I can swear it is mine; I never caught it till last night - I can swear this is the one; I do not know any thing particular about it - it is a common sort of pigeon.
MR. BODKIN. Q. When did you hear there was to be a shooting-match? A. On the 4th of February - I staid at home on the day of the shooting, to see if any of the pigeons came home; I heard firing in the direction of Calis,' at the time the pigeons returned - I have no doubt of this pigeon being mine; I have occasionally fed them - the one I noticed in the hamper was a very remarkable one; as soon as I saw it I said, "This is mine, and I will swear to it" six or eight persons then got up, and forced it from me - they would not let me go out of the room with it.
COURT. Q. Is the one that is alive, like one of those you had in your dove-cot? A. Yes.
THOMAS CALIS. I keep the Black Horse, but I never had a shooting match there before in my life. I bought four dozen pigeons of the prisoner at the bar, but only two dozen were shot at - I gave 6s. a dozen for them; on the 21st of December he came to me, and asked if I was going to have a shooting party - I said Yes; he said, "I can get you some pigeons cheap from the country;" I might have seen him at my house, and have drawn him beer - I was in the house before on the day of the shooting; the pigeons which were killed were put into a hamper - I had no other pigeons but those I bought of the prisoner; two dozen of them had got out, or had died; Jeffcoat saw the hamper in which the dead pigeons were, and they were part of what I bought of the prisoner.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. You said two dozens of them died? A. Yes, or got away; I should think a dozen got away - Mr. Jeffcoat had been at my house, he drank tea, and supped; had he asked to see the pigeons I should have said, "There is the key, you may go and look at them."
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did not he ask if you had bought any pigeons? A. I do not know that he did; he might say so, and I might say "What is that to you?"


                  JOHN 
                  JEFFCOAT
               



            . I am thirteen years of age - I know the nature of an oath; it is a sin to swear falsely. I remember my father going out in December last - he had fifty pigeons - I used to feed them sometimes; about two days after my father was gone, I saw the dove-cot; it had a hole poked through the tiles, and the pigeons were all gone - I had seen them safe two or three days before - they were not fed every day; I believe this one to be my father's.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. How many of this description had your father? A. No more like this; they had more white about them - there was one of them very particular.
JAMES HITCHCOCK. I live just by the prosecutor. On the 5th of February I was in his yard; I heard firing in the direction of Mr. Calis' - I saw two pigeons come in a direction from there; they alighted on the dove-cot, and went in at the holes - there was a brown one feeding there, which he said had come home before.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. If you had heard nothing of the prosecutor losing pigeons, should you have thought it unusual for pigeons to come there? A. Yes, unless they had been born and bred there; I have kept pigeons, but do not now.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I am an officer, and took the prisoner.
Witnesses for the Defence.
JOHN JONES. I am a sawyer, and live at Harrow, about two miles from Greenford. I have known the prisoner three years, and never knew him act dishonestly.
COURT. Q. What is he? A. He did labouring work
 - I saw him dealing with a man for pigeons on the Saturday before Christmas-day - I saw him give the man a sovereign and 10s.; he said, "That makes 30s." -I said,"Well, I wish you good luck," and went about the distance of this Court; he called Stop! that was the only time I ever saw him deal in pigeons - I am sure I saw him give a sovereign into the man's hand, and some silver - I did not ask who the man was; I did not go above one hundred and fifty yards with the prisoner before we parted; I did not ask how he came to buy pigeons or what he meant to do with them - I thought it was not my business; I walked on with my tools at my back; he asked where I had been working - I said I had been sawing; I then turned off to the right, and he went straight on - I never heard from him what he did with them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
