




2315. 




MARY ANN PETERSON
 and 




ROSINA SWEENY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
26th of September, 1 shoe, value 1s.; 1 watch, value 4l.; 2 pieces of foreign silver coin called quarter dollars, value 2s.; 1 tin box, value 3d.; 32 sovereigns, and 1 £5 Bank note; the property of 



John Thompson.






JOHN THOMPSON
. I am a seaman, and belong to the Charybdis. I was in Shadwell on Monday night, the 25th of September—I fell in with he prisoner Peterson at the Coach and Horses—I first met her about eight o'clock at night—I went home with her—I had a tin box in my inside jacket pocket—it contained thirty-two sovereigns and a £5 note—I received some money from Somerset-house, and from Daniel, the Jew, got four sovereigns and a £5 note—I was not drunk when I first met

the prisoner—I drank at a public-house—she was in company with me and I treated her—when I was at the Coach and Horses I took a sovereign out, and all my money was quite correct then—I put my tin box into my pocket—I had not buttoned my jacket when I went into the public-house—I am sure I had the money in the tin box—Peterson took me to Twine-court, into a house—I went to bed, and sent her out to fetch a pot of beer—she came to bed to me—she had her clothes off when she came—I left my jacket on the bed, and the tin box and money was in it—when I sent her out for beer she stopped a quarter of an hour, and while she was gone, Sweeny came in—Peterson came back, and then they kicked up a row then a man came in and Sweeny went away and left Peterson there—Peterson remained with me all night—I missed my sovereigns and tin box in the morning at daylight—Peterson was then lying alongside of me—I missed my watch and trowsers and one shoe—I asked Peterson where my things were gone—she said she did not know—I sent her to get a pair of trowsers, and a pair of shoes—I went to the police-officer—I believe the policeman went to the room and found two, pieces of coin which belonged to me.

Peterson, That man lost his money three hours and a half before I saw him.





TIMOTHY CASEY
. I am a policeman. I went with Thompson on the Tuesday morning to Peterson's lodgings—he pointed out where it was—I found Peterson—I asked her did she know the prosecutor—she said yes—she first fell in with him the night before, at the Coach and Horses, when he treated her and another to a pint of ale, and changed a sovereign, and put the change into his pocket—that he went home with her, and she took out of his pocket 18s. 6d.—she gave me 7s. 6d.—I found these pieces of coin on the floor—I found the prosecutor's trowsers were gone, and went to Mr. Upsall's and found them there.





GEORGE WILLIAM GROVE
. I am a policeman. I heard of this, and met Sweeny in the highway, drunk—I took her to the station, and asked if she had heard of the robbery—she said "Yes," but she knew nothing about it—I went out and brought in the prosecutor, who identified her to be one that was drinking in the public-house—I then went to Sweeny's room, and found one piece of coin on the table—I made inquiry, and found that Peterson had left two sovereigns in a publican's hands—I went and got them.





DANIEL BRIANT
. I am waiter at the Shakspeare's head, Shakspeare's walk. I know Sweeny—Peterson asked my master to take care of two sovereigns.





MARY LEE
. I was at the Coach and Horses on Monday night, and saw Sweeny there—she had gold, silver, and copper in her lap.

Sweeny. Q. Did you see me with any gold in my lap? A. Yes, you had, indeed.





JOHN THOMPSON

re-examined. These pieces of coin are mine, which I brought from Sierra Leone—they were in my pocket, not in the box.

Peterson's Defence. I went about my business, and went and had part of the ale, and found this young woman's door shut—I went into my own place in about a quarter of an hour, and saw the sovereigns near the wall—I picked them up, and went to the Shakspeare's Head, and asked the publican to save them for me—I then went home, and saw Sweeny's door open—I went in, and saw her with a quantity of money in her lap—I asked her how she came by it—she said she had a friend who was tipsy,

and had fallen down, and dropped all this money—I went out, and fell in with this man at half-past eleven o'clock—I went home, but he had no money then—when I picked up this money it was half-past eleven o'clock, and he lost his money at eight o'clock at night—he never had any money in my place.

Sweeny's Defence. This man came into my room, and asked if he could sit down, and he gave me half a crown—I went for half a pint of gin—I came home, he said, "I shall not stop long, I will give half a crown," he laid down, and then got up, and said he should go—he went up the court, and fell down—I went out, and there were some sovereigns—I picked up five—I gave this woman one, and another to a woman with me—next morning Mrs. Peterson came to me for some water to wash a man's hands, which she said were muddy—I went into her room, and this man was there—he said, "That is the woman I was with," and then I was taken.





JOHN THOMPSON

re-examined. As near as I can recollect, it was about ten o'clock when I went to Peterson's room—I am certain I had my tin box and money all secure then.

PETERSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 38.

SWEENY—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.




Transported for Seven Years.
(See page 883.)
