



53. 




JAMES BATEMAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of November, 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; 1 waistcoat, value 7s.; 1 shirt, value 5s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 pair of braces, value 2s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 1 razor, value 3s.; and 100 cigart, value 5s., the goods of 



George Trundle; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE TRUNDLE
. I live in Great Queen-street, Westminster. I left town five weeks ago, leaving my house in the charge of two female servants—I returned on Monday evening, the 5th of November—the next morning I went to my clothes chest, missed the articles stated, and a great many more—some of the things were new—these are part of what I missed—(looking at them.)





CATHERINE ALEY
. I am the prosecutor's servant. The prisoner has been in the habit of visiting me at my master's house lately, and has slept there—he had an opportunity of taking these things—I have known him three years and a half—he has been in the habit of calling at the house for the last three months.

Prisoner. She could produce other articles that would prove my innocence—she is aware that the other servant and her have had two or three men in the house of a night.





ALGERNON SMITH
. I am a constable of Queen-square. I went to the prosecutor's house, and staid till the evening—I met the prisoner coming to the house and took him—I found on him these cigars, and all these clothes which the prosecutor owns were on his back.

Prisoner. I solemnly assure the Court I am innocent—the trowsers and waistcoat belonged to my deceased brother, George Bateman.





GEORGE TRUNDLE
. They are a pair of dress trowsers—I have had them on but twice—I had the tailor to look at them.

Prisoner's Defence. My brother was on board an East Indiaman, and these were part of the clothes given me by him—the braces I purchased in Oxford-street—the cigars were given me by Charles Williams—the razor belonged to Mr. Trundle—it was used by Kitty to cut her corns, and after that by me to shave—the shirt I bought.





JOSEPH CARTER
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person who was tried—he had one year in the House of Correction.




GUILTY
.* Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
