




2319. 




JOSEPH HOLMES
 was again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
24th of September, 8 yards of satin, value 2l. 4s.; 7 yards of velvet, value 4l. 12s.; 7 yards of silk, value 1l. 4s.; 106 yards of muslin, value 4l. 14s.; 40 yards of linen cloth, value 3l. 15s.; 11 yards of cambric, value 3l. 2s. 6d.; 27 yards of printed cotton, value 18s.; 15 handkerchiefs, value 2l. 18s.; 3 pairs of stockings; value 7s. 6d.; 2 scarfs, value 12s.; 3 pairs of gloves, value 7s. 6d.; 76 yards of ribbon, value 2l. 6d.; 12 reels of cotton, value 2s.; 2 yards of calico, value 1s.; 2 fans, value 3s.; 3 wooden rollers, value 6d.; 8 papers of pins, value 6s.; 35 papers of needles, value 8s. 6d.; 12 pieces of tape, value 2s.; 6d.; 432 buttons, value 7s. 6d.; and 241 yards of lace, value 5l. 14s.; the goods of 



Joseph Railton and another, his masters; and 




MARY CARNE



for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





JOSEPH RAILTON
. On the 25th of September, after Holmes was apprehended, I went to a house in Manchester-square—(On that Sunday morning) Crane came to the door—I asked I fa person named Crane lived there—she said that was her name—I went and called the officers, whom I had left round the corner, into the hall—they told her they must searched her boxes, as they suspected she had something not her own—she said, "No such thing, you shall not do it"—we told her she had better submit quietly, or we should do it whether she would or not—we went down to the room where she said she slept occasionally, and we asked which boxes belonged to her—she pointed out two, and said they were hers—we searched them, but found nothing relating to this charge—there was a third box—we asked who it belonged to—she said a fellow-servant, and she would go and fetch her down stairs—she went out—one of the officers followed her—I remained in the room—the officer returned accompanied by a female servant and the prisoner—I told the other females not to own that box unless it was really her own—at first she said it was her box—that was before I gave her the caution—she then said Crane had told her

to own it—Crane was present—the girl who came down fainted, and Crane assistant her—Crane said the box was hers about the time the girl was fainting—I then examined the third box—it was locked—we opened it with a key which Crane gave to the other girl—I did not see that—I do not know that the other girl said where she got the key from—she had given me the key before she fainted, when she came down and said it was her box—I found in that box the articles stated.





REBECCA HARVEY
. In September last I was in the service of Sir Hugh Munro, in Manchester-square, as parlour maid, and am still in the service—Crane was there as Cook—on the day on which the officers came there I was up stairs—the prisoner came to me in the bed-room—she said the constables were below, for things that had been stolen, and she had a box on the table with some things in it, she did not know what they were, but she wished me to own it—I told her I could not own it, and she begged me then to unlock it for her—she had a bunch of keys in her hand—she showed me the key that would undo the box, and in coming down I missed the key—I did not know it when I came down—I did not speak to her, but she put the keys into my hand—when I got into the room I found a box on the table—it was not mine—I had not a thing in the room—it was hers—I saw her bring it there about a fortnight before—I have seen Holmes at Sir Hugh Munro's two or three times—I saw him there the day before this search took place, in the evening—I was not when he came, but he used to come to see Crane.





DANIEL PAMPLET
. I accompanied the prosecutor to the house in Manchester-square—when Crane went to fetch the person down, who she said belonged to the box, I followed her—she went across the yard and up stairs—I heard her say to Harvey, "Unlock the box, and own it," or to that effect—I did not see her give her any thing, but I heard some key rattle.





JOSEPH RAILTON

re-examined. These articles were found in the box, and are our property—here is foreign lace, blond lace, and some British lace, some satin and velvet, plain silk, Irish linen, silk stockings, French cambric, lace, ribbon, and worked muslins, for trimming—the value of all found in the box is 46l. at coat price—I have missed property of this description—this velvet we missed from our stock—it cost 1l. a yard.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Have you a private mark on these things? A. On many of them—here is one on this, and this as well—I compared this velvet with the piece it was cut from—it corresponds exactly—if it had been sold there would have been no other appearance about it—not one customer in a hundred would buy so much muslin as eighteen yards—there is a good deal of this velvet about town.





REBECCA HARVEY

re-examined. Crane told me Holmes was employed at Mr. Railton's—I was only a fortnight in the house—he was in the habit of calling—I asked who he was—she told me a shopman at Mr. Railton's.





JOHN MONUMENT
. I live at No. 14, Great Chesterfield-street, Marylebone—I know the two prisoners—in June last they took a room of me—they were both together—they continued to rent the room down to the time they were taken into custody—Crane slept in the room herself, and Holmes used occasionally to call and sleep with her—she was out of a situation at that time—about a fortnight before she was taken she went to Sir Hugh Munro's—I did not see her at the lodgings while she was there, but I understand she was there.






ELIZA JOHNSON
. I lodge at Mr. Monument's. Crane employed me to make two pairs of sheets for her last August—I did so—these are them.

MR. RAILTON. These sheets have my mark on them.

CRANE—



GUILTY.—Recommended to mercy.



Transported. for Seven Years.

HOLMES—


NOT GUILTY
.
