



1541. 




SARAH WEATHERSTONE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
16th of March, at 
St. Dunstan's, Stepney, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 seal, value 3l.; 1 ring, value 15s.; 1 watch chain, value 2l., 1 brooch, value 10s.; 1 bread pin, value 3s.; 1 coat, value 3l., 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; 1 waistcoat, value 14s.; 12 yards of cotton cloths, value 6s.; 2 yards of damask, value 7s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s. 6d.; 7 sovereigns, and 1 half-sovereign; the goods and monies of 



Alexander Beaver, her master, in his dwelling house, 




ALEXANDER BEAVER
. I live in George-street, Limehouse-fields and am a mast and block maker. At the time in question, I lived in Queen-street, in the parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney—I was master of the house—the prisoner lived in my service for about two months, as servant of all work—on the 16th of March, I left home about six o'clock in the morning, leaving here at home—I returned about half-past three o'clock, and she was gone—I missed the articles stated in the indictment, which I believe were all safe when I went out—she did not return—she had given me no notice—the value of the property was 19l.—I have not recovered any of it—I have one aged mother living in the house, and she was confined to her bed—I never saw the prisoner again till the 4th of May, when she was apprehended—I had been looking for her all that time.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not give me warning about a fortnight before I left my place? A. No.





GEORGE MURRAY
. I am a policeman. I heard of this, and was looking for the prisoner—I found her on the 4th of May, at her father's house, in Upper-court, Harris's-street—I asked if her name was Weatherstone—she said, "Yes"—I said, "You lived with Mr. Beaver?"—she said, "Yes"—I said, "I want you for his robbery"—she said, "I know nothing about that"—a few minutes afterwards she said, "Mr. Beaver said he would not hurt me"—I cautioned her several times not to answer my questions unless she chose—I searched, and found sixtyone duplicates in the house, but none belonging to Mr. Beaver—on the way to the station I cautioned her again, but at the station-house she said she did not see why other parties

should not be there as well as her—I said, "Who do you mean?"—she said, "Ann Burrell"—I said, "Where does she live?"—she said, "She lives in Amelia-street, Stepney"—she said she was the girl who got through the hole in the wall, and took the watch—I went and took Burrell, but she was afterwards discharged.





MARY DOUGLAS
. I am the wife of a policeman. The prisoner was brought to the station-house—I searched her, and asked her what she was charged with—she said for taking a watch from her master with a chain to it, twelve months ago, and the other girl ought to be taken as well as her she took the watch while she went to get something for dinner.

Prisoner. I deny saying any thing to you at all—the policeman has urged you to come against me to get your expenses.





ALEXANDER BEAVER
. re-examined. I never saw Ann Burrell till she was apprehended—she had no business in my house—the Magistrate asked burrell how she became engaged in the robbery—the prisoner was present, and Burrell said she was urged on to do it by Weather-stone, the prisoner, who directly said, "I was not guilty of the robbery; it was she that split out the panel of the door, went into the room, broke the cupboard-door open, and took the property out of the room"—the panel of die door was completely taken out, the cupboard-door was open, and the chisel with which they forced it open, laid down at the bottom of it—I kept my tools in the wash-house—she knew where to find them—the lock of the door hung by one comer—I stated this before the Magistrate.

Prisoner's Defence. I deny saying any thing at all about it—the policeman has been to the prison talking about me several times—the prosecutor's brother was the first person that went into the house, and he was as likely to rob it as I was.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for seven years.

First Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

