



1184. 




THOMAS LOOK
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James White, at 
St. Bartholomew by the Exchange, about the hour of two in the night of the 
3rd of April, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 13 spoons, value 5l. 10s.; 4 forks, value 2l.; 2 cruet tops, value 9s.; 93 cheroots, value 14s.; 1 groat and 101/2d.; his property.






WILLIAM WIGGINS WHITE
. My father, James White, is a licensed victualler—his house is in the parish of St. Bartholomew by the Exchange—the prisoner lived with us about five months as pot-boy, and left on the 19th of March. In consequence of information, about six o'clock last Thursday morning, I examined the cellar of my father's house, and found a grating which had been in the centre of the cellar flap to give air and light, removed—it had been fixed with screws, which were rusty, and is eighteen or twenty inches wide each way—there did not appear to have been the least violence used to it—the flap was bolted underneath, and remained so in the morning—a person could get into the cellar by removing the grating, and then into the passage—I am certain it was down the night before, for I had passed over it about eight o'clock—we found a small board broken in the partition of the beer cellar, and that is the way the person must have entered, as no bolts were drawn or any locks broken—he could get from the broken place into the cellar, and there is a private staircase from the cellar into the bar—on going into the bar after the policeman had alarmed us, we found one of the till drawers on the floor, and the till drawer adjoining it broken open—from the sideboard in the bar we missed thirteen spoons, four silver forks, and two silver cruet tops—a 4d. piece and 5d. in halfpence was taken from another till—I had seen them safe at twelve o'clock the night before—no locks or doors were broken to get from the bar to the rest of the house—about one hundred cheroots were taken out of another drawer.





WILLIAM BOWLES
. I am a City policeman. In consequence of information of this robbery, I went to the house about six o'clock on Thursday

morning—Mr. White gave me the prisoner's name and address, and about three-quarters past six o'clock I went there—it was in Chatham-gardens, City-road—I found the prisoner in bed, and several children in the room—his brother, who is two years older than him, was also in bed—I told the prisoner my business—he denied all knowledge of the robbery—I took up his clothes, which were by the bed side, on the same side as he was, and found in various parts of them the property mentioned in the indictment—(producing them)—I told him he must get up and go with me—he put on the clothes from which I had taken the property, and went with me—his brother got up at the same time, and put on another suit lying on his side of the bed—this chisel Mr. White found on his counter.





WILLIAM WIGGINS WHITE

re-examined. I know these articles to be my father's property—they were in the house at twelve o'clock on Wednesday night—here are all the articles stated in the indictment—(enumerating them)—the spoons and forks are all marked J. W., my father and mother's initials—all we missed is here—I found this chisel on the counter, immediately over the till which was broken open—it is not-ours—I have no interest in the property—it is all my father's—upon getting through the grating a person could get to any part of the house without breaking any door—the partition had been defective about a year—the grating rests on a small sill of wood, and could be taken up by any body in the street.




GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Ten Years.—To the Isle of Wight.

Second Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

