





762. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NELSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of April
, 1 looking-glass, value 4l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Davis
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building
            .
2nd COUNT. Not stating it to be a fixture.


                  PHILLIS 
                  FINCH
               



            . I live at No. 46, Hart-street, Covent-garden


. I keep Mr. Davis's house. On the 20th of April, the prisoner came to know if Emily Harris, who lodged in the house, would go to a masquerade - I called 
               
                  Emily 
                  Harris
               



            , and left the prisoner and her in the parlour, where the looking-glass was hanging, fixed to the wall by two screws, and tied with a line - it is Mr. Joseph Davis's, and is worth4l. - it was then about a quarter past three o'clock - I went out, and returned in about a quarter of an hour - the prisoner was then gone, and in about three quarters of an hour I missed the glass - it appeared as if it had been forced from the wall - when I went out, I left him there - my son and daughter were in the kitchen.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me when I first came in? A. Yes, certainly - I do not recollect any body coming in but my son and daughter - I sent my son to get something to drink - we had a quartern of rum - my son's brother-in-law was there.
COURT. Q. Was your son there? A. Yes; the prisoner came about three o'clock, and the other came in a few minutes afterwards - they were going for a walk - my son goes by the name of Finch - he is my adopted son - his brother-in-law's name is Goodhall - when I called Emily Harris down to the prisoner, the other left the room and went into my kitchen - I went out for a knife and fork - I did not go for the spirits.
Prisoner. Q. When you came back, did you miss me? A. The door was open - I did not see you take the glass; but no one but you was there.
COURT. Q. What is Mr. Davis? A. He is a fruiterer in the market - the house is a lodging-house - persons pay money to come there.
EMILY HARRIS. I was at the house - on the 20th of April, the prisoner came there - I was called - he asked me whether I was going to the masquerade, and gave me a ticket to go - I had seen him twice before - I breakfasted with a lady in Compton-street, and he came in - the prisoner was in the room where the glass was for a quarter of an hour - I was then called to my dinner, and left him in the room - the glass was then safe - I did not miss it till the landlady of the house told me of it - it was then gone.
Prisoner. When I brought you the ticket, I gave you my name and address, and the public-house I used, that if I did not come to my appointment, you might find me. Witness. Yes, he said his name was Nelson; but if I inquired for him at the masquerade, I was to inquire for the name of Headington - he did not say where he lodged - the landlady of the public-house told the officer.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HENSHAW
               



            . I keep the Perseverance public-house in William-street, Hampstead-road. I was in my parlour on the 20th of April, and saw the prisoner come in with this glass, which he placed down by a cupboard in the passage - he was very much in liquor, and insisted upon having some drink - I would not serve him - he became very turbulent, and I told the servant to put him out - he has been at our house occasionally - he lodged at a respectable house just by.


                  FREDERICK 
                  WILSON MILNE
               



             (police-serjeant L 63.) On the 20th of April I was on duty in St. Martin's-lane - I saw the prisoner in the act of getting into a cab; and this glass was handed to him in the cab by another person - it was then about half-past three o'clock - I ran and told the driver to go to Bow-street, as he was a reputed thief - the cabman made use of very abusive language, and said he would not - he whipped his horse and drove off - I ran and took the number of the cab, and reported the circumstance, and in half an hour I heard the glass had been stolen - I traced the prisoner to the Hampstead-road, and there found the glass - I went to his lodging and found him on a sofa - he made great resistance, and struck, and kicked, and bit us - it took four or five of us to take him - I found in his room this stock, two bits, a jemmy, some pick-lock keys, and a dark lanthorn on a new construction - I found a metal box soldered together - I opened it, and found in it this model of a key taken in soap - this glass was at the public-house; but this piece of the frame was at his room.
Prisoner. Q. How far were you from me when I called the cab? A. I did not see you till you were in the cab - I was about four hundred yards from you - I said to you,"Your name is Nelson: you are a brass-founder" - I followed the cab as far as Pall-mall.


                  ROBERT 
                  DRIVER
               



             (police-constable F 25.) I went with the other officer, and found the glass at the public-house.
Prisoner's Defence. I told the officer where I was going to take the glass.


                  FREDERICK 
                  WILSON MILNE
               



            . No, he did not.
- WICKINS (examined by the Prisoner.) I am a cab-driver. On the day you called my cab, and got in, another man gave you the glass - the policeman came and asked you if you were not a brass-founder - you told him you was - I do not know that you told him where you was going - the policeman said he knew you, and told me to drive to Bow-street - I said the gentleman had hired me to go to Somers-town, and you told me to go on - I touched the horse, and went on - there were several round the cab - you said to the man who gave you the glass,"You are satisfied?" - he said, "I am," and he went away.
JURY. Q. Was the prisoner intoxicated? A. He was a little in liquor - he told me to drive to Somers-town; but when we got to Camden-town, he said, "Draw up here" - he got out - a lady and gentleman came out on a balcony, and they said he would break the glass - I told him he had better leave it; but he said "No, it is my property; I will take it."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
