




2276. 




JOHN RAWLINS
 and 




GEORGE CLARK
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Bird, about three in the night of the 
6th of October, at 
Low Layton, Essex, with intent to steal; and feloniously and burglariously stealing therein, 1 squre, value 2s.; 1 plane, value 2s.; 1 bed, value 1l.; 1 bolster, value 5s.; 1 quit, value 3s.; 2 blankets, value 4s.; 6 printed boots value 1s.; his goods.






JOHN BIRD
. I am a carpenter, and live at Temple Mills, Low Laytos, in Essex. The house belongs to the East London Water Works Company—I am put in there by Mr. Woodcock, the builder, who does the work for the Company—I am put there to take care of the house, and the mills adjoining it—I have not received any thing for being there, and have no agrement to receive any thing—I have been there since last Midsummer twelve months, about three days after the Company took possession—I furnish the house myself—I never had any agrement to receive any thing—I work as journeyman for Mr. Woodcock, at Stratfoird, and I receive no more nor less than before I went there, and cannot expect any thing—there is no use made of the house, except what use I make of it—there is no work doing there now—Woodcock is now at work at Stratford Water Works for the same Company—on Tuesday night, the 6th of October, I went to

bed about ten o'clock—I am a widower, and have no family—I left the mill at about half-past nine o'clock, or a quarter to ten, and saw that all was right—I then went to Mr. Richer. at the White Hart, to sleep, as I was very ill, and did not sleep at home thar night—I had slept there until Friday, the 2nd—I fastened all my house up secure, before I left—it is the house which joins the mill, and the house I dwell in—I locked the front door, and put the key in my pocket, and in the morning, Mr. Simmons alarned me, at about five minutes past five o'clock, and said my house was broken open—I got up directly, dressed myself, and gave the alarm to Mr. Richer, and went to the house immediately—the first thing I kicked against, as I went through the side gate, was a trying plane—I found the front ground floor window was open, which had been fastened the night before—it had been broken open with a chisel, which we have in our possession—I found my plane and square on the ground, under the window—they had been in the house on the dresser—I then opened the door, and made my way in—I found the door locked—the first thing I saw was a copper in a closet, with the lead all round it torn up—I went up stairs, and found all the things gone off my bedstead; my bed, bolsters, and blankets, and a quit—I looked do the left, and saw a mahogany desk open, and some Bibles and Prayer-books gone out of it—the key had been in that desk the night before—I had seen all the books there the night before, and the bed and things safe—I came down stairs and came out of the house, and under the window I found a bag with the books in it, and a pair of trowsers—Richer was with me all this time—after picking up the things, Richer heard a whistle—I stopped, and saw something white, which proved to be my bed lying on the grass, and other things with it—I saw the two prisoners standing by the bed—I made up to them, and they made over a bridge, towards layton—there are some elder-trees where I stood to look—there was sufficient day-light to perceive the prisoners—when I first went to the house, it was getting light—it was light enough to diseern their features, and I had seen them before, frequently—my bed was three or four yards from where they were standing—the bolster, blankets, and bed were all tied up together, in a bundle—I got Richer to assist me—I took my bed things and put them into the ground-floor room, locked the door, and followed the prisoners immediately, as hard as I could run—I met Mead with Mr. Englush's milk cart; and in consequence of what passed between us, I proceeded on, and met the two prisoners coming back, walking very fast towards the mill. As soon as I met them, I said, "You are my two prisoners, you have broken my house open"—I took bold of them—they denied it, and declared that they had just come from Layton-terrace—there is no such place—I took Rawline—he held his hands out, and said, "I get my living by hard work"—I delivered them to two officers, and when we returned, the policeman in searching, found a stock, and centre bit by the elder-trees, in a line with where the bed laid—the stock and bit were on the dresser the night before, where my other tools laid—belong to Mr. Richer, who had lent them to me—the copper had been confined in a cloact, with a door in front—that door was open, and the lead torn up all round the copper—the value of the articles I lost, altogether, was more than 5l.—it was a good feather bed—I value that at 1l.

Prisoner Rawlins. Q. How far were you from us when you saw us by the bed? A. About twenty yards—I have measured it since—you were three or four yards from the bed—there was sufficient light to discern you standing by the property—I had come out of the house, and stood by the

elder-trees—you walked off as fast as you could when you saw me—I had a candle and lantern to go into the house with—it was sufficiently light to discern you—it was then about twenty mumutes after five o'clock—I did not say at Worship-street, that it was so dark I could hardly see may hand before me—I said it was a little foggy—I should not have seen the plane if I had not kicked against it, as I was not looking on the ground.





DANIEL RICHER
. I live at the White Hart, Temple-mill. On Wednesday morning I went with Bird to his house—it was from ten minutes to a quarter past five o'clock when I got there—it was twilight, sufficient to see—I saw the window broken open, and the shutters open, as the witness has described—his statement is correct—I went inside the house, and he missed his things—when we came out of the house, he picked up a bag containing the books—I did not see the plane, and square—when I came out, I picked up the bag and trowsers—I just took them in-doors, and as I came down the steps again, I heard a whistle, I made towards it, and as I drew close, I saw two men standing opposite the bed, close to it—it was quite light enough to distinguish them—I am perfectly certain the prisoners are the two men—we took the bed in-doors—I left Mr. Bird against the door—the prisoners walked over the bridge towards Layton—I went after them, and met the cart belonging to Mr. English—I inquired of the man; and in consequence of what he told me, I processed on, and met the two proisoners—I laid hold of Rawlins, and said, "You are my prisoner"—he said, "Me, your prisoner! I have just come from Layton"—I said, "Never mind, I shall take you as my prisoner, "and I did so—after delivering them to the policeman, a stock and bit were found, which I had lent to Bird a day or two before—I was three or four yars from the prisoners when I first saw them—I saw them again, coming back, in about five minutes, after, walking after them—I am quite sure they are the two men I saw by the bed—they said they had passed English's cart agianst Layton church—they appeared coming away from Layton church.

Prisoner Clark. Q. How far was I off you, when you saw me by the bed? A. Three or four Yards—I was a long way before Bird—one of you whistled, and I made towards you.





SAMUEL MEAD
. I am servant to Mr. English. On the Wednesday morning in question, I had been milking in Mr. Tyler's field at Layton, and met the prisoners as I was coming back with a horse an cart, at about twenty-five minutes after five o'clock—they met me—they were going towards Layton church then—I passed them, and turned round my head, and they turned round, and followed the cart—I met Mr. Richer—the prisoners were then colse begind the cart—Bird was close behind them—I saw them secure the prisoners—I heard Richer ask them where they passed the cart—Rawlins said they passed it at Layton church—that was not true—I had not been within half a mile of Layton church.

Rawlins. Q. Did you see us go by your cart? A. Yes; you went by it sex or seven yards, and then turned, and followed it.





JAMES FLEMINO
 (police-constable N 246.) On Wednesday morning, I was in company with Carey, my brother-officer, and saw the prosecutors at about a quarter to six o'clock, on Hackney marshes, with the prisoners in custody—they delivered them to me—I took them to Hckney station-house—I searched Rawlins, and found one penny, and a knife on him.





WILLIAM CAREY
. I am a police-constable. I was with Fleming—I took charge of Rawlins—he said he had just come from Layton—I searched Clark, and found on him 3 1/2d. and a duplicate.


Rawlins' Defence. I work for Mr. Wilson, of Bethnal-green-road, a horse-dealer—I got up at five o'clock in the morning, to go to work, which I do every Wednesday and Friday, being market-days—I came straight across the field opposite Low Layton church—I lodge at Low Layton—my master has a field there, which he turns horses out into—I was coming along, about five minutes before five o'clock—I met English's cart, and followed that along; and directly we got to the end of the field, two men came past us, and when they had passed us about a hundred yards, the two prosecutors came up to us, they went by us tow or three yards, then turned back, and laid hold of us, they said they thought we had been breaking into the house—I told them I worked hard foir a living, and was innocent they said, if so, we would go along with them to a milkman, who could swear to the persons who did do it—we went with them, and they did not meet the milkman—they gave us in charge, and the prospecutors fetched a milkman who said he could swear to the persons who broke into the house; but he said it was so dark he could bot swear to us.

Clark's Defence. When they took us into custody, they said, if we knew we were innocent, we should have no objection to go with them, as a milkman could swear to the persons—we did not meet the man, and they gave us to the policemen—at Worship-street, one said it was so dark he could not see his hand before him, and yet he could swear to us thirty yards off—the other said he was only six yards from us, and the other said they were both together.





JOHN BIRD

re-examined. I never said, if they were innocent they would go with me to a milkman—the cart was close to us, and the driver saw us take them.





SAMUEL MEAD

re-examined. I did not see any men pass the cart but the prisoners—I must have seen them if they had.

RAWLINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

CLARK—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.
Of stealing only.




Transported for Seven Years.

Fifty Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

