





2029. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EMMERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of July
, 1 coat, value 2l.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 7s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s., and 5 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Hirons
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 coat, value 5s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 3s.; 1 pair of boots, value 2s.; 1 sheet, value 4s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 1 waistcoat, value 1s., and 1 pair of gloves, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Hirons
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Alexander 
                        Hirons
                     



.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  HIRONS
               



            . I live in Foundry-place, Shoreditch


 - the prisoner is a tailor
, and lodged on my first floor since Easter. On the 23rd of July some property was missing, and he absconded without notice - I had seen him in the house after two o'clock that afternoon.


                  ANN 
                  HIRONS
               



            . I am the wife of Alexander Hirons. On the 23rd of July I missed five sovereigns from a box up stairs; it was locked, and I found it still locked, but the key was in the room; I had not seen the money for ten days - my husband's clothes were all right in the morning - I went out at two o'clock, returned at four, and the things were gone - the prisoner, whom I had left in the house, was also gone.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATTFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner in Langston-place, Hampstead-road, on the 23rd, about nine or ten o'clock, and charged him with this robbery - he strongly denied it at first, but I found a pair of gloves, which the prosecutor claimed, and 1l. in silver; and in a box, which he said was his, I found all the property belonging to the prosecutor's son; he then said he was guilty, and that he had sold a coat at Benjamin's shop - we went, and took Benjamin that night, and found the coat and other things hanging in his shop.


                  JOHN 
                  BENJAMIN
               



            . I bought the coat and things of the prisoner, between five and six o'clock that afternoon, for 28s.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. She said, at the office, it was a 5l. note she lost - I can prove I had no money for a week before.
MRS. HIRONS. I never said any thing about a 5l. note; this handkerchief was in the same box as the sovereigns.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
