





1568. 




ANN DOWDALL,



 CHARLOTTE WALTERS
, and 




SARAH FROST
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
27th of May, 2 pillows, value 2s. 2 sheets, value 4s.; 1 table-cloth, value 1s. 6d.; 2 frocks value 1s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s. 6d.; 1 carpet, value 3s., 3 cups, value 6d.; 3 saucers, value 6d.; 1 tea-pot, value 2s.; 2 mugs, value, 1s.; 4 plates, value 1s.; 2 waiters value 6d.; 4 knives, value 1s.; 4 forks, value 1s.; 1 pair of salt-cellars, value 1s., 1 looking-glass, value 1s.; 1 towel, value 6d.; 1 pillow-case, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 5s.; and 1 shift, value 2s.; the goods of 



Ann Dowdall.






ANN DOWDALL
. I live in Elliott's-place, Islington, and a widow. The prisoner Dowdall is my daughter—I left her at the home alone on Friday, the 27th of May, when I went out at half-past six o'clock in the morning to go to work at Highbury-place—I expected her to remain in my house and take care of the things—I came back at nine o'clock at night and found the door locked—I got in the back way and missed all the things stated—in consequence of information, I went first to a house in Britannia-row, and from there to a house near Shoreditch church—I found the property and the three prisoners at the house near Shoreditch church on the Sunday about twelve o'clock—they had taken the back-parlour there, and were all together—there was another little girl with them, but she was liberated—Walter had a frock and a pair of stockings of mine on, when I found them, and I think Frost has my gown on now—I asked my daughter to help me to pack up my things, which she did—she has been a good girl till she was led away by these other two.





HENRY LIEBRECHT
. I am shopman to Messrs. Attenborough and Burgess, pawnbrokers, in Shoreditch. I have a towel which was pawned on the 28th of May, I think by the prisoner Frost, but I am not sure—this is the duplicate given of it.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I am shopman to a pawnbroker in Lower-street, Islington. I have a sheet and pillow-case pawned by Walters—I had known her for some time.

Frost No, it was not her—I pawned it. Witness I am certain it was not Frost—I should not have taken it in of her—it was Walters.





SAMUEL VARLEY
. I am shopman to Mr. Harris a pawnbrokers, in Hackney-road. I have a handkerchief, pawned on the 28th of May, I cannot say by whom.





ANN DOWDALL
. This is all property—it is worth about 20s






GEORGE BERKLEY
 (police-constable N 217.) I went to No. 11, Godfrey-place, Shoreditch—I found these three prisoners and another girl there—I found this property there.

DOWDALL—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.

WALTERS—


GUILTY
. AGED 16

FROST—


GUILTY
. Aged 15





Transported for Seven Years.
