





613. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  SCARLETT
               




             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of January
, 1 ring, value 2s.; 2 teaspoons, value 4s.; 1 shift, value 2s. 6d.; 1 sovereign, and 1 shilling
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a widow
, and live at No. 72, in Old-street-road


. The prisoner came to me as a lodger on the 27th of September; the last time I saw him was on the morning of the 18th of January - he told me he should return at night, but I did not see him again till he was at Worship-street - I had missed my property a long time before that.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATTFIELD
               



            . I took the prisoner on the 22nd of January - he said he lived at No. 3, Old-street-road, but I received information that he was living with an aunt of his in Hoxton Old-town; I went there, and asked what room he lodged in - I was shown up stairs; I looked about for books, but saw none - I saw a gold ring on the mantel-shelf; I did not take it then, but went to Mrs. Brown's - I found forty-eight duplicates in his room; one was for the tea-spoon, and one for a shift - I told Mrs. Brown I had seen a ring at his aunt's, and she said,"That is a ring which I lost;" I went back - the ring was not where I had seen it before, but I found it in the cellar; Mrs. Brown had described it as having been studded with red stones, except in three places, in which she had put black ones.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURT
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a shift, pawned by the prisoner.


                  RICHARD 
                  LAW
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a teaspoon, pawned by the prisoner on the 27th of November.
MRS. BROWN. These are my property - I also lost a sovereign and a shilling, on the 1st or 2nd of December, out of my glass drawer.
Prisoner's Defence. The ring I found.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years for each offence
            .
