






76. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     CORBET
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELLEN 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of November
, 4 printed books, value 21s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Matthewson
                  




               
            .


                  MATILDA 
                  MATTHEWSON
               



            . I live with my father, 
               
                  James 
                  Matthewson
               



            , in Duke-street, Manchester-square


. The two prisoners came into his shop in the evening of the 15th of November, between six and seven o'clock - they asked for money; I said I could not give them any - they said they were in distress; Corbet said her father was the watchman, and had got turned out of his place; I said my father was out, and they both went away - my father came back in an hour, and then missed the books from a shelf, which they had been within two yards of.
Murphy. Q. Did you see me take the books? A. No.


                  EDWARD 
                  DANIELS
               



            . I am a bookseller, and keep a shop at No. 9, Marylebone-lane. On the 15th of November the two prisoners brought in four books, and offered them for sale - they said they had been their uncle's, who had died, and left them to their mother - I saw they were four odd volumes, and asked what they had done with the others; they said they were worn out, and they had sold them for waste-paper - I detained the books, and told them to fetch their mother; I went out to tell a Policeman to follow them, but they had got out of sight; they appeared to me to stop and talk with two young men, but I could not be positive - they were taken next day, and I was sent for.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLOOMFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. I found one of the prisoners in the shop, and the other concealed in a corner of a room, covered with the bed-quilt.
Corbet's Defence. We went into the shop, and asked the young lady to relieve us; she said her father was not at home - we were going home, and met two young men, who asked where there was a bookseller's: we told them in Marylebone-lane - they said they would give us 6d. to sell these, and we went and offered them.
Murphy's Defence. The gentleman asked us how much we wanted, and we told him - he said we must send our mother, and we said would our eldest brother do - he said Yes; we were to meet the young men the next morning at the same place - we went for the books, and were detained.
CORBET - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
MURPHY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
