




464. 




WILLIAM MURRAY, Senior, and 




WILLIAM MURRAY
, Junior, were indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of December, 1 salt bin, value 10s.; 2 shop counters, value 1l.; 4 shelves, value 4s.; 4 pieces of timber, value 4s.; and 4 boards, value 4s.; the goods of 



Thomas Stevens Burt, and fixed to a building.—2nd COUNT, for a simple Larceny.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.





THOMAS STEVENS BURT
. I am a brewer, and live at Woolwich. I let a house to the younger prisoner—when they took the house, after having signed the agreement, I stated to them that there were fixtures belonging to the house, which were scheduled to me in my lease, which I

was bound to deliver up—some were fixed, and some were in a room, the person who had the premises, having taken them down and deposited them there for safety—I went with the two prisoners and showed them these things—I said they were not to be taken down, but they might have them fox use—the salt-bin and the counters were down when they were let, but were fixed afterwards—there were four shelves; some were fixed and some were not—the four pieces of timber were not fixed; they were part of a recess—I went to the house on the 4th of December, having had information that they were in debt, and were about to remove—I demanded the rent due on Michaelmas-day—they said they would pay me is three quarters of an hour—I said I should not wait—I went to take proceedings to seize their goods, and during the time I was gone into the town, one of the persons in the neighbourhood stood at the door and watched them—when I returned, I was told something—I then went to ascertain where some property was gone which I heard had been removed—I found three boxes at a beer retailer's, called The North Pole—I desired the landlady to detain them, which she did, till the Monday morning, when I put in a distress warrant—on the Saturday following they paid the quarter's rent due at Michaelmas-day, 7l. 17s. 6d., and redeemed the boxes—on the 17th a person of the name of Bowles, a broker, came and gave me some information—on the 18th I went to the house at eleven o'clock, and saw an errand-cart, with the name of "James Rogers" on it, standing at the door—the carrier was on the fore part of the cart, the elder prisoner was outside the door, and the younger prisoner was handing out boards, shelves, and different things to the elder prisoner, and he to the carrier on the cart, and he was packing them into the cart—I looked into the cart and saw a part of the salt-bin, and some shelves and fixtures—I had a constable there, and I ordered him to take it out, which he did—I had previously stated to the prisoners that they had got part of the property out of the premises which had been scheduled to me in my lease—they denied it—I have no donbt that this is a part of the property which I had let to them—they were taken to the magistrate, and ordered to be kept in custody till the following day, and they were taken to the cage—the constable demanded the key of the house from them, which they refused, and the elder prisoner said, "If you take it from my son, it will be a robbery"—the constable took the key and this book from the son, during which time the elder prisoner was fumbling about his pockets—he took out this book, took two leaves out, and began to tear them up, but the constable prevented him—I took up these bits of paper from the ground.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. These premises were yours? A. Yes; I had a lease of them—Mr. Tucker is my landlord—I let the house to the prisoners for three years—they took possession of it at Midsummer-day, and entered in July—I had no quarrel with the prisoners—I seized three boxes at the North Pole—there was no dispute on their part about the rent being due—they did not object to the seising of their boxes—I had no communication with them—I live a quarter of a mile from the house they lived in—they dealt in a general way—one of them sold beer—they had some of me—they brought some ale from London—I was neither pleased nor displeased at it—I do not know that they bought a single barrel of ale of any body but me: except the Scotch ale they brought from London—it was about eleven o'clock in the morning that I saw the cart at the door—every body could see what they did—they distinctly denied there being any fixtures, or any thing of mine, in the cart.


Q. Did not the young one say, "If there is any thing here of yours, take it?" A. After I gave them in charge, one of them, I believe, did—I know the elder prisoner has a daughter—I met her in the street the day the prisoners were committed—I said, "Miss Murray, I am very sorry your father is committed"—I asked her if her name was Murray; and she said, "Yes"—I did not say I would transport her father and brothers for lite—I did not call her by any ill name.

Q. Did you say to her, "You little b—h," or, "You little Scotch b—h, I will transport your father and brother for life?" A. I tell you most emphatically, I would not suffer such a word to come out of my mouth—I did not say it—after the prisoners were in custody, I went with the constable to the cage—I was in the presence of them and the watchman three times—I went to see that they were in safe custody, and to look for the pieces of paper which had been torn up by tke elder prisoner—I found some the second time, and the third time I found some more—they had been trodden about on the ground, as the paper will show.

Q. Before you let these premises to the prisoners, where were these fixtures? A. In the shop, and in the room up stairs—some of the shelves were fixed—I saw part of the salt bin in the cart; part is on the premises now—I can identify it—this is the top and part of the sides; the other part is on the premises—it is leaded about one foot up—this is one of the shelves that was fixed—it is bevilled off to go round the window of the shop—I cannot tell where this piece had been—I do not think it is a common bit of wood—this circular piece fits the circle of the window—they were not loose about the shop—I cannot tell whether they were nailed to the window-frame; but they were in the window—they are worth about 12s. as they now are.

Q. When you saw them with this cart, did you not tell them they were Scotch swindlers; that you had got them by the grip, and you would serve them out? A. Yes, I did, more than once or twice—I never said what you stated, to the daughter—I am the sole landlord of the house, and have no partner.

MR. PAYNE. Q. When you said they were Scotch swindlers, did you do so from information? A. Yes; I had heard from different tradesmen that they bad got property and not paid for it—it was from inquiry that I said so—this card wasin one of the books: (reads) "For New York, to sail on the 1st of February, the ship Montreal"—I found written on one leaf, "bottled porter and bottled stout on board the Montreal; one barrel of tallow, and other goods," which were going to America—I have ascertained they have got these goods of people, and not paid for them.





EVAN GRIFFITHS
. I am a timber-dealer at Woolwich. On the 18th of December, I went to the house in Coleman-street which the prisoners occupied, to get some money which they owed me—they commenced a volley of abuse on me—a cart was at the door—the younger prisoner was carrying out some things to the cart, and the elder one was taking these shelves down from the shop window—they then commenced with the counter, and kept on abusing me—I left the house, and went back to my own yard—I saw some timber in the cart which belonged to me—they were in Rogers's cart, who is the carrier to London.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the shelves appear nailed? A. Yes; they were nailed, I am quite positive—I saw one prisoner force them away; the other put them in the cart.






WILLIAM ROWLES
. I am a dealer in fixtures at Woolwich. On the 17th of December, both the prisoners came to me, and wanted me to purchase these articles—I looked at them, and agreed to have them—they said they could not wait; if I would give them the money, they would give me the key to get the things—I then said I would have nothing to do with them, and told Mr. Burt.

MR. DOANE
to
MR. BURT. Q. Can you tell whether or not these shelves were in the window? A. There were shelves in the window, and I believe these are part of them—they correspond with the joints, and the paint, and the window—I can swear there were shelves in the window—I believe there are some there now.

Witness for the Defence.





MARGARET MURRAY
. I am the daughter of the elder prisoner. I met the prosecutor at the top of Old-street, the day after my father was committed—he said, "Well, my girl, do you know that that old man and that young man are returned for felony, and they will be transported to-morrow morning?"—he said he would do so to me, about a bonnet, and he called me a b—h—that I swear—I recollect a salt-bin on the premises, and I saw it there last Wednesday.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you live with your father? A. No, with my brother—they did not live together, but carried on business together—I do not know any of their transactions in business—my brother had business with America—I lived with my brother on the premises, in Coleman-street—I lived with my brother in London before that—he was not in business before; we had some money which belonged to the family—the prosecutor spoke about a bonnet that I was going to take—I gave goods for it, and after that the man would not take the goods—he came and took the bonnet, and kept the goods and bonnet too.

WILLIAM MURRAY, Sen.—


GUILTY
. Aged 42.

WILLIAM MURRAY, Jun.—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.




Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
