




1453. 




JOHN MASSEY
 was indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Smith, about the hour of one, in the night of the 
6th of November, at 

Hanwell, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 1l.; 1 breast-pin, value 30s.; and 1 pair of boots, value 5s.; the goods of 



William Smith; and 1 desk, value 3l.; 1 seal, value 1l. 10s.; 1 work-box, value 1l.; 1 tea-caddy, value 1l.; 11 knives, value 10s.; 4 napkins, value 3s.; 1 pair of snuffers and stand, value 1l.; 9 printed books, value 1l.; and 1 snuff-box, value 10s.; the goods of the said John Smith; and 





CHARLOTTE HILL



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against; the Statute, &c.—2nd COUNT, for receiving them of an evil disposed person.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN SMITH
. I am a linen-draper, and live at Hanwell, in Middlesex; I reside in the house, it is in the parish of Hanwell. On the 6th of November I had a brother staying with me in the house—he had spent the Sunday with me—I retired to rest about eleven o'clock—I examined the premises before I went to bed, and found them all secure—I always take the keys of the doors up stairs with me to my bed-room—my brother called me up about seven o'clock—I Went down and examined the premises,

and found the iron grating forced out of the wall, it led into the cellar—the grating gave light into the cellar from the garden—it was secured by being fixed into the wall—I found it had been forcibly taken out, which would allow a person to enter—another grating had been attempted, but without success—I had seen the grating safe the night before—I missed a great many articles—I printed a list of them and circulated it about—I missed the articles stated, with many others—they were worth about 35l.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I live in Connaught-square, Paddington, and am a linen-draper, and brother to the prosecutor. On the 6th of November I was at his house at Hanwell—I stopped there that night, and had a great coat, a black cravat, with a diamond pin in it, and a pair of boots—they were safe in the house on the night of the 6th—I took them there with me—the servants got up first in the morning—I was up before my brother, and found the grating removed, and called my brother—I missed all the three articles I have mentioned—I got up at seven o'clock, it was then twilight—it may have been half-past seven o'clock before I came down stairs—the servants were up probably half an hour before me—the value of the article I lost is 5l.





GEORGE COLLIER
. I am a policeman. I went to No. 1, New North-street, Red-lion-square, where the male prisoner was lodging on the 12th of May—I saw some boxes there—I found nobody but the landlady—I found nine duplicates in the boxes, referring to this case—and this work-box I received from the landlady, Amy Parry—I found there four books, a snuffbox, some knives and forks, and various articles, which Mr. Smith claims, also a pair of boots, and various articles which I produce.





AMY PARRY
. I live at No. 1, New North-street, Red-lion-square. The prisoners lived there for upwards of twelve months—they left on the 10th of May and left the things behind them, which Collier took possession of—I did not see the contents of the boxes till Collier came—the female prisoner gave me this work-box on the 10th of May, when she was going away.

COURT. Q. Were you at home in November? A. Yes; I cannot say whether or not the prisoners were out on the night of the 6th—I think the male prisoner was out at times, but I cannot speak to any time in particular.





GEORGE WILLIAM BILSON
. I am shopman to Mr. Barker, of High-Hoiborn. I produce a tea-caddy, pawned at our shop on the 12th of November, in the name of John Smith—I do not remember the person—this is the duplicate I gave for it.





JAMES KING
. I am a pawnbroker in High-Holborn. This book was pawned with me on the 5th of January, in the name of John Massey, and a seal, on the 14th of March, in the name of John Mercy—I do not remember the person.





WILLIAM RICHARD TUCKWOOD
. I am shopman to Mrs. Aldridge, pawnbroker, in Orange-street. I produce a book, pawned on the 19th of November, in the name of John Massey, and two books, pawned in the name of John Mercy, on the 4th of January—I do not remember who pawned either of them.





HENRY WILLIAM HAMPSTEAD
. I am shopman to Mrs. Nicholls, pawnbroker, in Gray's-inn-lane. I produce a desk, pawned on the 12th of November, by the male prisoner, in the name of John Smith—I am positive of his person.





THOMAS ANDREWS
. I am shopman to Mr. Boyce, of Theobald's-road, a pawnbroker. I produce a coat pawned on the 24th of December, by the

male prisoner, in the name of John Massey; and a diamond ring, pawned on the 17th of December, by him, in the name of John Massey.





GEORGE JONES
. I am shopman to Mr. Walters, of High Holborn. I produce four napkins pawned on the 17th of November, in the name of John Smith—I do not know the person.





GEORGE COLLIER
. I found the corresponding duplicates for all these articles, which have been produced in the prisoner's boxes.





JAMES ISAACS
. I am a policeman. I took the female prisoner into custody on this charge, on the 12th of May, at No. 1, New North-street, Theobald's-road—she at first said she was married—the male prisoner was not present, but Parry said to her, "Is that your husband?"—she said, He is"—she said, "Tell the truth, if he is not"—she said, "Well, he is not; the truth is, the banns were published, but we were not married"—I said, "You are aware there are a number of boxes here"—she said, "Yes, but I don't know what they contain, except one which I packed, and that contains my wearing apparel"—she did not point it out—it was at the station-house at the time, and the male prisoner was then in custody—on the 19th I went to the prison to fetch her, and I said, "In your box there were some books, covered with white paper, and a snuffer-tray"—she said "I know there is; I have had them a long, long time"—she did not say how long—she said, "There is one volume of the History of the Wars," and another volume that don't belong to this case—I did not mention to her that she was charged with the robbery in November—I said, "You must consider yourself in my custody on a charge of a felony."





GEORGE COLLIER
. I searched the box containing the female's apparel, and found in it four books and the snuffer-tray referring to this robbery.





JOHN SMITH
. I have examined all the articles—they are my property, and were in my house on the night in question—the snuffer-tray I do not think belongs to me—the books I am certain of—the articles produced by the pawnbrokers are mine.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I would not swear to the boots, but I believe them to be mine—the diamond pin is mine, and this coat.

Massey's Defence. The books in the box I gave the female prisoner—she is quite innocent.

MASSEY.—Aged 25.—



GUILTY of stealing above the value 5l., and of breaking, but not burglariously.—


Transported for Life.

HILL—


NOT GUILTY
.
