



2129. 




JAMES GRANT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of August, at 
St. Luke, Chelsea, 1 watch, value 11l.; 1 chain, value 10s.; 1 seal, value 1l.; 2 watch hooks, value 10s.; and 2 keys, value 10s.; the goods of 



James Heseltine Bayford, in his dwelling-house.


MR. STURGEON
conducted the Prosecution.






ROSE BAYFORD
. I am the wife of James Heseltine Bayford, an live at No. 8, King's-parade, St. Luke, Chelsea. On the night of the 20th of August a fire broke out, a little before ten o'clock, in our bedroom—this watch was lying on the dressing-table at the time—I saw the prisoner in the passage some time after, coming down stairs—he had come in with others to extinguish the fire—it might be a quarter of an hour after I had seen the watch—I had not seen him in the room—I missed the watch a few minutes after the fire was discovered—not before I saw the prisoner there—it was a gold watch, with a silver dial—it was a French one—I am not aware of the value of it—it may be worth 5l.—a policeman was employed to search the persons as they went out—I believe there were several per)Bi in the room—there might be a dozen or more in the house besides our own family—the prisoner came in with the crowd—I did not know him before—he was exceedingly active in extinguishing the fire, and went into the thickest of the flames—the fire was got under in about twenty minutes—no damage was done except to that room—I am quite sure I saw the watch after the fire broke out—it had a gold chain, one seal, and two watch hooks.





JOHN CLASS
. I know the prisoner well, and have known him from a boy. He was destitute, and I gave him shelter at my house—he is in very bad circumstances, and has just come from the Queen of Spain's service—on the night of this fire I saw him at my house, about half-past seven o'clock—he went away, and returned about eleven o'clock—I was in bed when he came home—he told me he had been to the fire, and exerted himself very much, and the gentleman had promised to reward him—he said he was very wet, and that he was going to help into the house with the engine, and went away—he returned in about five minutes, and told me he had found a watch—I understood him to mean in the road, but I was nearly asleep—he showed it to me, and next morning he left it at my house—I saw the prisoner at the chimney-piece, and found the watch hanging up inside the chimney—he left it there when he went out, hanging up inside the chimney as far as I could reach up—after he was gone I looked there, as I heard it ticking—I took it to Mrs. Bayford, who claimed it—the prisoner always bore a good character—he has been two years in Spain, and was in great distress—he had nothing to eat for two days.





HENRY KIMBER
. I am a policeman. On the night of the 20th of August I was at Mr. Bayford's house—I saw the prisoner in Mrs. Bayford's bedroom, where the watch was taken from—I had not been in the house ten minutes before I heard the watch was missing—we searched the room, but could not find it—in about a quarter of an hour we placed a man at the

door, to prevent any body going out, and to search every body going out, except two respectable persons living next door—the prisoner was searched among others, by myself, about ten o'clock—I cannot say whether he had been in and out the room, for the fire was almost out when I came—I went to Mr. Bayford's next morning, and Class brought the watch there—I took the prisoner into custody, and told him it was on suspicion of stealing a watch from Mr. Bayford's—he said he knew nothing of it, nor had he seen it—he said there were two or three other persons in the room at the time he was there, and among them two policemen, and they were as likely to take it as him—I took him to the station-house—I was present at his examination before the Magistrate—I saw the Magistrate sign his statement—it was read over, and I saw the prisoner sign it—(read)—"The prisoner says, 'When I came down stairs after I was searched, I came into the garden, and kicked against the watch there—that is how I came by it—I had not the watch when it was spoken about.'"





JAMES HESELTINE BAYFORD
. I know the watch perfectly well—I gave ten guineas for the chain, eleven guineas for the watch, and 30s. for the two hooks—I was in the bedroom myself—my neighbours handed up water and I endeavoured to extinguish the fire—the smoke and heat were so great I was exhausted, and the prisoner being on the top of the stairs ventured to go into the room, which he did most effectually, and extinguished the fire—it was a two pair of stairs room.

JURY. Q. Is there a grass plot in front? A. It is gravel except a small bed in the middle.

Prisoner's Defence. I found the watch in the garden when I came down, outside, and was not honest enough to take it back—that is the real truth.




GUILTY. Aged 22.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury and Prosecutor
.




Confined One Year, and then 


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
