





1534. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     KAY
                  




               
             was indicted for, that 


               he on the 31st of August
, at St. Mary-le-bow


, feloniously did forge a certain order for payment of money
            , which is as follows:-
"London, August 30, 1833.

E. 
            204. No. 11, Mansion-house-street.
Sir 
               
                  John 
                  William
               



             Lubbock, Bart., Forster, Clarke and Co., pay to Mr. Walker, or bearer, Three Hundred and Forty-eight Pounds.
£348.
DUTTON THOMAS."
With intent to defraud Sir 
               
                  
                     John William 
                     Lubbock
                  




               
            , Bart

., and others.
2ND COUNT, for uttering a like forged order for payment of money, knowing it to be forged, with the like intent.
14 OTHER COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge, and stating his intent to be to defraud 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Dutton
                  



               
            .
MESSRS. BODKIN and LEE conducted the prosecution.
CHARLES PELL. I am a clerk in the banking-house of Sir John William Lubbock, Bart., and three others, in Mansion-house-street. I recollect this cheque being presented on the 31st of August, and I paid the amount mentioned in it myself, £348; I paid a £200 note, No. 3556; a £100 note, No. 4639; a £40 note, No. 16,904; and a £5 note, 2662; and 3l. in money - the cheque was presented by a man I believe, but I don't recollect - I have not got the dates of the notes - I should think it was between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day.
Q. On looking at the cheque are you able to say it is one of the cheques, which is generally in the books delivered to your customers? A. It is; when we deliver books to our customers there are no two alike, delivered from our house - the same number of cheques is inserted, but not the same letter - the number and initial of the particular customer is entered into a book kept for that purpose - the number and initial on this cheque is the numbers and intitial of the prosecutor's cheques; he keeps cash at our house; forty-eight cheques were in the book delivered out to Mr. Dutton; (looking at the book,) this is the book issued by the firm to Mr. Dutton, containing forty eight cheques - it bears the number and initial of which I have spoken.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Is the initial and number marked on every cheque here, or only on the book? A. On every cheque - I don't give the books out myself, any of the cashiers give them out.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAM TURNER
               



            . I am a paper-maker, andlive at Bermondsey. I am a friend to Mr. Dutton, and frequently assist him in his cash transactions - he needed assistance in filling up cheques, being infirm - I know this is the cheque book which he had - I have understood that the prisoner who was in his service, occasionally filled up cheques for him - I have not seen him do it; I have seen the prisoner write, (looking at the body of some cheques,) there are twelve of these; I cannot speak to every one of them, but to many of them I can; I can only speak to the best of my belief, that the body of them is in his hand writing; not the signature; I don't know whose hand-writing the others are; many of these are in my hand-writing, but not all; the three first are mine; I may trace the similarity; I believe the name "Mr. Walker" on the cheque in question, to be the prisoner's hand-writing - I was present when the prisoner was dismissed from Mr. Dutton's service, on the 23rd of August - he left the service that evening; Mr. Dutton's brother paid him his wages in my presence.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. What were you to Mr. Dutton? A. A friend of his in business; he has been in business - I was a mere friend of his - I was in business myself; I live at Bermondsey; I often called to see how his health was going on, and on those occasions he has asked me to fill up cheques for him.
Q. Were you then a sort of friend who occasionally dropped in and filled up cheques? A. Not exactly so; he was aware of my periodical visits - I have said, "I will call on you in three or four days, or in the course of next week," and if he had occasion for my assistance, he waited till I came - he is in a very prostrate state of health - the cheques I have said are in the prisoner's hand-writing, I mean are in his ordinary hand - that name, "Mr. Walker," is an endeavour at concealment - I consider it bears a strong resemblance to his writing; I consider there is a very strong similarity in the word"Wages" and "Walker" on the cheque in question, and I should say in this cheque there is an "A" very much like it, evidently the same hand, bearing in mind the endeavour at concealment - I consider the same faculty that formed the one formed the other.
Q. Do you judge that it is the feigned hand-writing of the prisoner, because of what you suppose to be the general resemblance to the eight cheques? A. Yes; I do mean so - on comparing it with his accounts, and what I saw him write, I suppose it is his - the cheque is an effort at disguise, which I have discovered to be his hand-writing from its similarity to his ordinary handwriting.
Q. Might not that be just as likely to have happened from some other person endeavouring to imitate the prisoner's hand, as if he were endeavouring to disguise it? A. It is not for me to say; I feel it difficult to arrive at any other conclusion than that it is his - Mr. Dutton's housekeeper was not in the habit of filling up cheques to my knowledge - I have seen one or two entered in the margin, as being filled up by other people - I do not like to venture to say these four cheques are the prisoner's writing, so positively as the other eight, because I thought they did not bear so strong a resemblance, but I believe these also to be his hand-writing- I saw the prisoner write on the 23rd of August, when he was paid off, but never before to my recollection; he then wrote in this book, "Wages ill bestowed - (ten guineas) to the fool; debtor £12 - received the above"- I saw him write that; I was at his elbow at the time - that was all I ever saw him write - I did not see him write the "ten guineas," only the two lines; I saw him write it altogether; it is a receipt for his own wages - (looking at the cheque and the book) - I judge these to be both written by the same hand; I have no other means of judging - it is from the similarity that I judge it to be his hand-writing.
COURT. Q. And that a single instance? A. But I am bound to observe, my Lord, the prisoner acknowledged the whole book to be his hand-writing - I compared the book; my knowledge is not formed from comparison of what I saw him write, but by a comparison of the book which I heard him acknowledge.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Look at the "Wa" in the word "Wages." and look at the "Wa" in the word"Walker," and tell us is there the least similarity? A. The "W" is not so much alike as in other places.
COURT. Q. Is not one stiff straight writing, and the other flourishing? A. Yes; there is a peculiar flourish at the end of the "W" of his own writing - the one is upright, and the other sloping - one sloping, and the other stiff - one with a flourish and the other without.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. And from that dissimilarity you trace the likeness? A. With the reservation I have already stated.
MR. BODKIN. Q. At the time he wrote that flourishing hand, was he sober or not? A. He was not exactly sober; he has been reported drunk - he was nearly sober, and knew perfectly well what he was about; he appeared to have been taking liquor more than was proper.


                  ALGERNON 
                  BUTTERFIELD
               



            . I am a clerk in the employ of Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Lubbock
               



             and Co. I have the dates of two of the notes; I made the entry in the book myself - I did not see the notes paid for the cheque.
Q. Have you a £200 note entered? A. Yes; on the the 29th of August, No. 3556, dated August 8th, 1833 - the £200 note was received by me at the bank; the £100 note was No. 4639, dated 25th of March, 1833, Manchester Branch Bank - I did not receive this note; these two notes were in our house - the £200 was in the house on the 29th of August, and the £100 on the 30th.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you see them there? A. They passed through my hands - I copied them into the book on the 30th of August.
COURT. Q. That entry was made from the notes themselves? A. Yes; that proves a note of that number and amount was in the house that day.


                  JOHN 
                  KIDNER TATHAM
               



            . I am clerk in the pay-office, in the Bank of England. I recollect paying gold for four notes on the 30th of August - notes to the amount of 345l. were presented for sovereigns at one time - these are the notes so presented - they are £200, No. 3556, dated 8th August; £100, No. 4639, 25th March, 1833 - the others are £40, No. 16909, 18th July, 1833; and £5, No. 8662, 2nd July, 1833 - they were presented about twelve o'clock to the best of my recollection, or between eleven and twelve o'clock, by a female who gave the nameof "Walker, Holloway-house, Portsmouth," as stated on the note - I did not see the person write that on the note - there is also on the note, "68, Holborn;" I wrote that myself, wishing her to give me a town residence.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you ask for a town residence, whether the persons lives in London or not? A. Yes, as a reference.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  DUTTON
               



            . I live at Upper Clapton - the prisoner was in my service, to attend on my person; he was in my service twelve months all but one week; he left on the 30th of August - in consequence of infirmity, I am occasionally obliged to have assistance when I draw cheques - the prisoner assisted me on those occasions - I sometimes employed him to fill up the body of cheques when not able myself - I kept my cheques in a drawer of the sideboard - he had access to all parts of the house - my custom is to enter the name and sum in the margin of the cheque - I always filled up my cheques with my name in them; and those who I pay money to I generally enter in the margin - for any large amount I generally have a banker's name written across my cheques; but sometimes with persons requiring small amounts, I did not - this is the cheque-book I had in use during the time the prisoner was in my service; I never counted how many cheques it contained - I have not myself looked at the margin of the cheques - Mr. Turner and my solicitor have examined them - this cheque is not signed by me - I gave no authority to fill up any such cheque; I had no such sum to pay to a man named Walker - I don't know anybody of the name of Walker - I had no such a sum to pay to anybody - I have seen the prisoner write; I do sincerely believe the filling up of the body of this cheque to be his hand-writing - I can say positively it is, as far as I can judge one thing from another; I should swear it is the prisoner's hand-writing to the best of my belief and knowledge - I have often seen him write - I saw these twelve cheques filled up by the prisoner, by my authority - the writing on this paper is not mine; it is very much like it; I saw it before the magistrate - I can positively swear it is not mine; I never saw it till I saw it at the Justice's room; it is a very capital imitation - the prisoner was discharged from my service on the 23rd of August - he gave me warning six weeks before, because I would not take his work, and tired me out; and he said he should want no character, as he was going to live where his wife lived - he gave me no address - Mr. Turner and my brother were there at the time.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. The prisoner sometimes filled up cheques for you, did anybody else fill them up? A. Yes; Turner and my brother has occasionally - I think Mr. Norris has done so; and my friend Cane I sometimes used to discount bills for, and he filled them up; that was only in four instances - my housekeeper never filled them up to my knowledge - I never had my name written on a bit of paper when I had my cheques filled up; I put a pen sometimes on a cheque to bend the point down - I never wrote my name on paper before I wrote it on the cheque; my memory is very good though I am so infirm - (looking at two cheques) - the prisoner filled up the first of these two cheques, and my brother the second; that I am sure of - (looking at some more cheques) - Mr. Turner filled up some of these, and Mr. Norris some - I don't see any of the prisoner's filling up here; there is only one of the prisoner's filling up in the whole bundle - I am confident the cheque in question is in the prisoner's hand-writing; the whole of it, name and all, "August the 30th," and everything, though it is disguised - I did not say at the Mansion-house, I could not swear to it; I said it was the prisoner's to the best of my belief - I speak from my own knowledge of his hand-writing - he produced his accounts to me very frequently, and I saw him write when he wrote cheques for me; that is all I have seen of his writing - the name "Walker," is in his usual hand-writing; the "348" is attempted to be disguised; the "August," and the rest, is more like his free writing - I have no doubt of every letter being his hand-writing, from my knowledge of his writing.
SAMUEL DUTTON. I am the prosecutor's brother, and live at Ludgate-hill; about six weeks before the prisoner left his service, I was there; a complaint was made, and notice was given; I afterwards attended, when his accounts were audited by me - when the prisoner left, he did not tell me where he was going - he said he did not want a character, that he was going to live with his wife, and I think at Lady Hatton's at Harford; he said he was going to live at Harford with his wife - I never saw him write, except at the time he was paid.


                  MARGARET 
                  MINTO
               



            . I am housemaid to Mr, Thomas Dutton; I went into his service on the 25th of June - I remained there till the prisoner left on the 23rd of August; I have seen the prisoner writing: on one occasion in particular - that was a month or five weeks before he left - it was between ten and two o'clock in the day - he was writing on a small piece of paper in the kitchen; there was a knock heard for the porter - he was called up to Mr. Dutton; he took the paper into the back kitchen, and threw it down there - I picked it up, I don't know what has become of it - I threw it down again, not thinking it of any consequence - I have never seen it since; I have been in the room several times since; I have never seen it - I threw it where I picked it up, by the side of the window; it was in a place where it would be swept away; I have not looked to see if it has been swept away, but I am conscious it is not there, for the place is swept twice a week - I have swept it myself all over - I have not seen the paper since; I must have seen it if it had been there - I should know the paper again if I saw it; (looking at a piece torn in half) neither of these is the paper, but the hand-writing is exactly the same; I did not make any observations to him about what I had seen.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did the prisoner ever show you any cheques singed by Mr. Dutton? A. Yes; he made no observations except asking if I was not surprised at the hand-writing being so good; I have heard the prisoner talk of going abroad to America - that was not more than a fortnight before he left; he said he should go to America; the cook said, many people went there with an idea of making a fortune, and found their mistake; he said people did not do as they ought to do, they should go with a little money, which they could do without, and speculate; I have seen the prisoner write several times -I have seen him write different hand-writings; I can form a judgment of some of his writing, and some I can not - I think the W in the name of Walker, in this cheque, is his; I have seen this cheque before.
COURT. Q. Have you heard the observation made by any one else? A. No; I have no opinion of any thing more than the W.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. The W is the sort of W he usually makes? A. It is the W I have often seen him make, but he makes different ones; I was not before the Lord Mayor, nor a magistrate at all.
JOHN HANCOCK. I am a printer and engraver, employed by Lubbock and Co., to make their cheque books; this book was made up by me - I made only one of that description - that is there are some with two quires, and some more; this originally contained forty-eight cheques - I see two of them have been pulled out, margin and all - I have not a doubt but this cheque is one of the forty-eight.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. You are called to show that this is one of the books you supply to bankers? A. Yes; there are two-quire books and three quires, this is one quire; there is only one book of one quire, and the number and letter is the same all through; the E 242 is put on at our house.
COURT. Q. Is there different numbers and sizes of your books? A. No; they are sent into the banking-house; and we have one hundred and fifty back to stamp.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you make any other book of this size, marked with E 242? A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KING
               



            . I live at No. 17, Marylebone-lane. I know the prisoner; I first saw him in July, I believe; I saw him with his wife after she had taken my lodging; he came to my house on the Tuesday, I cannot say the date; he paid me on the Thursday, and came to me on the Tuesday - about the 27th of August was the day he came to me; his wife had taken the lodging before and had left it - he came on the 27th of August, and stopped there a week; he slept at home on the Friday night to the best of my belief, and went out on Saturday morning, the 31st, and came home I think between one and two o'clock in the day; he was lodging in the first floor back room; he left on the Sunday morning, and returned on Monday morning, accompanied by his wife - on the Tuesday morning, about eight o'clock, a cart came to the door - I had no notice of his intention to leave my lodging before that; the cart was brought to receive his goods; I bought some of him, and the rest were taken away; he did not tell me where he was going, I did not ask him; he had before that told me, he should go to America, for he could live better there than he could here- when he came to me the first time he was in a cab; he was dressed to the best of my recollection with black crape round his hat; he said his master was dead, that he had signed a will, but he did not know that he should get anything for his trouble.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Are you sure it was Saturday, about two o'clock in the afternoon, that he came home? A. Yes; it was a remarkable day, because a lady I serve, went to Colchester that day, and it poured of rain all day - I am confident it was not Friday - he was wet through when he came in.


                  ANN 
                  KING
               



            . I am the wife of William King; I recollect the prisoner coming to our house on Tuesday, the 27th of August - and on the following Saturday, the 31st, he requested me to light a fire, between two and three o'clock - it was a very wet day, and he was very wet - he went out while I was lighting the fire, and returned - he gave me a japanned box out of his drawer; it was not quite so large as that book, (pointing to one) and about the width of it, and I dare say it was five or six inches deep; he pulled a key out of his pocket, opened it, and showed me what was in it, which was a great many sovereigns - I cannot say how many.
COURT. Q. Was there more than 100? A. I dare say there was, but I cannot say the quantity.
MR. LEE. Q. Was the box half full or fuller? A. Not a quarter full; I could not see the bottom of the box when he stirred them about.
COURT. Q. Was the top of the box wide open? A. Yes; he produced it to shew them to me, and he asked me to feel the weight of them, and I did so; they appeared very heavy, and I said to him, "They must be worth something, they are very heavy;" he made no answer at all; he did not say how he got them - I recollect his leaving on Sunday morning, the 1st of September; he said, he was going to fetch his wife home.
GEORGE COOK. I am coachman to Miss Hatton of Harford. The prisoner's wife was in her service - I remember his coming down on Sunday, the 1st of September - I did not know his wife was going to leave until then - they left together on the Monday morning - I saw them get into the coach myself; they were inside passengers - John Carter drove the coach - he is ill.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POOLE
               



            . I am a carter, in the employ of Mr. Baker, of Salmon-lane, Limehouse - I recollect going with Thompson to the prisoner's lodging, and fetching away some goods - I saw the prisoner there - I took the goods to Gill-street Limehouse.
JOHN THOMPSON. I am a lodging-house keeper, and rigger, a striker and lumper; I take goods on board ships - I first became acquainted with the prisoner, two years ago. I moved some goods of his to my house, with the carman - the prisoner and his wife then came and lived at my house - I cannot tell for what purpose they came to my house - I was on board a vessel, the Mars, brigg, which trades to Jamaica, when he came to me - I was with him on board the James Harris, which goes to Van Dieman's Land - she was preparing for an outward voyage - she did not sail for a month afterwards - she took passengers out.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did the prisoner bear an honest character? A. Very.
DANIEL FORRESTER. I am a police-officer. On the 16th of September, I took the prisoner into custody; I did not tell him the charge - I found him at No. 23, Gill-street, Limehouse, at the house of Thompson - I searched his person, and found on him a purse, and several papers which I took from his pocket, (looking at one) I found this, not on his person but in his room; I took the purse from his pocket; I think there were four pieces and a card, and when I laid down this paper, he snatched it up and crumpled it; I said, "Leave them alone" - I took them from his hand, this is the paper, itwas crumpled up - I have inquired at No. 68, Holborn, for a person named Walker.
The cheque was here put in and read. The paper in question had the name of "Dutton and Thomas" written on it three times.
Prisoner's Defence. I leave it all to my counsel.
Charles York, butler, at the Albion Club-house, St. James Street; Edward Reeves, clerk, No. 16, Lawrence Pountneyhill; Elizabeth Ransfield, and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Marchant
               



            , of Upper Clapton, gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32 - 


               Transported for Life
            .
