



1645. 




CHARLES BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of June, 56 lbs. weight of lead, value 10s., the goods of the 

Mayor and Commonalty and citizens of the City of London, as 

Governors of the house of the poor, commonly called St. Bartholomew's Hospital, near 
West Smithfield, London, of the foundation of King Henry VIII., and fixed to a certain building—2nd COUNT, for ripping and cutting with intent to steal.






JOHN DAVEY
. I am a tailor, and live in Duke-street, West Smithfield.
The house, No.30, is about four doors down on the other side of the street, nearly opposite to me—on the 17th of June I got up about four o'clock in the morning—I heard a noise of tiles and bricks rattling about five o'clock, and on looking round, saw a person on the top of a house—I saw him get quite out of a hole in the roof, and endeavour to pull up the lead in the front gutter—my daughter was at work in the same room—I called to her to come and look at him—I called out to the person, and he got into the hole as quick as possible, after looking at me for a moment or two—as soon as I thought Mr. Wheeler, the carpenter of the hospital, was up, I went to give him information—I had looked at the house from time to time—the prisoner is the man I saw on the roof. I am certain—I went to Mr. Wheeler about eight o'clock, and he came to the house, No.30, about ten o'clock; but I did not see him go in—I was looking out, about ten o'clock, and saw the prisoner run from No.30 and get on to No. 31, and jump across a court, to No. 32—he was in my sight all the time—when he came to 34, I called to him, as he was directly facing me—I saw him pursued—he got down a trap-door and walked out at the front door of a house—when I saw him at five o'clock he was about thirty yards from me—I could distinctly see him.





FANNY DAVEY
. I reside with my father—I was at work with him on the 17th of June and about five o'clock in the morning he called me to the window, and I observed the man on the top of the house either cutting or pulling the lead in the gutter—I cannot be certain which—my father called to him, and he directly went in—I saw no more of him till about ten o'clock, when he walked across the houses, but I did not see him jump across, as my father sent me down to look for a policeman—I got one; and when I came into the street again, I saw the prisoner about three doors from the empty house, which he came out of—I pointer him out to the policeman, and knew him to be the man—I am quite certain of him.

Prisoner. She said before the Alderman she could swear to me by my flannel jacket. Witness. No; I said he was dressed the same as when I first saw him, but not that I could swear to him by his dress—he was much dirtier than at five o'clock—I saw his face and features clearly.






JOHN WHEELER
. I reside in Duke-street and am carpenter to St. Bartholomew's Hospital. In consequence of information I went to No.30 on the morning in question, accompanied by a workman—I tried to get in at the front-door, but it was fastened—we got a ladder and got over walls into the back part of the house, and in the attic found a piece of lead about four feet six inches long lying on the floor, and a screw-driver and chisel, a gin-bottle and a bag, put in the cock-loft over the ceiling—I believe the bag was on the landing—there was a trap-door in the ceiling, and when we got out all the tiles were knocked off, the dormer and the lead stripped—I found not less than 5cwt. of lead stripped off the house—three gutters were taken away—I was over the house the day before, showing it to the building—that was about the middle of the day—there was none left in the morning except the piece in the attic, which weighed about half a hundred-weight—the house is the property of the governors of St. Bartholomew's Hospital—I compared the lead found, with the gutters—there was a small portion left, and it exactly matched with what was found on the floor of the attic—it would take several hours to remove the lead—the front-door of the house was burst open; but it was bolted inside when we went, so that we could not get in—the value of all the lead taken was 7l. or 8l.—I think it would take more than one person to take it in a night.





THOMAS ISITT
. I am a City policeman. On Friday, the 17th of June, the prisoner was pointed out to me—I ran after him, and called out "Stop him," when we got into the square by the hospital, and the beadle of the hospital stopped him—the bag, chisel, and screw-driver were in the lower room when I found them, and the gin-bottle.





JOHN KENTISH
. I am beadle of St. Bartholomew's Hospital. In consequence of hearing the cry of "Stop thief," I stopped the prisoner.

Prisoner. A man was placed at the bar who was caught asleep in the house some hours afterwards, in a light fustian jacket, and they said I had a dirty white flannel jacket.





THOMAS ISITT

re-examined. That man was found in another house, and was not charged with taking this lead.
(The prisoner put in a written Defence, denying that he had ever been in the house, but was stopped a few doors off, and knew nothing of the robbery.)





JOHN WHEELER

re-examined. That court he jumped across was about six or seven feet wide, and he was not less than forty feet from the ground—he might run before he leaped—he had a flannel jacket, it was dirty from whatever labour he had been engaged in—the tiles were moved as well as the lead.

Prisoner. The other man was very much like me, and he had a fustian jacket on, and was seen to go into the house. Witness. The other man was much taller than the prisoner—whether his jacket was dirty I cannot say—he was not found in the house—a man who went into the house with me thought he saw another man—I believe there were two, but one escaped—I gave an alarm for the people to guard the empty house.





JOHN DAVEY

re-examined. I saw the other man before the Magistrate, who was charged with stealing lead—I could not have mistaken him for the prisoner—I am perfectly satisfied of the prisoner—I have not a doubt of him.





FANNY DAVEY

re-examined. When I saw him in the street, he was about six or eight doors from the house—I did not see where he came

from—I saw him cross the roofs ten minutes or a quarter of an hour before he was taken—I am satisfied he is the same man.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
