





1367. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  HALL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
, 1 canvass bag, value 2d.; 1 purse, value 2d.; 1 hat-cover, value 6d.; 2 sovereigns; and 185 pieces of foreign coin, called 5-francs, 38l.; the goods and monies of 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Dodsworth
                     




                  , his master
            .
BENJAMIN DODSWORTH. I am a lace machine maker
, and live at St. Pierre le Calais, in France


. The prisoner was in my service to make bobbins
, and worked in the shop with me - on the 22nd of August I missed a canvass bag, a purse, and this money, from my box in my bed-room, which was locked - I unlocked it with a key - it must have been opened with a false key - he had been seven months in my service, and absconded.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you not lose five-franc pieces? A. Yes; that is the proper name of the coin - the prisoner was apprehended on the 26th of August in London, at the Blossoms Inn, and brought to me - I missed to the value of 40l. in French coin, and two sovereigns in English coin - there might be franc pieces and half-francs - they were kept in my trunk in France - I did not go before the authorities there about it - I came to town to overtake the prisoner - I employed Parish, the policeman.
Q. Did you say to the prisoner, "If you will confess the robbery and restore the money, no more shall be done to you?" A. No - I said, "Sam, what do you mean by robbing me?" - he said, "I don't know" - I did not offer him pardon or forgiveness, or any thing to that effect - he delivered a bag of forty-one sovereigns to the officer - the officer did not tell him he would forgive him if he would restore the money, in my presence - he was unwilling to give it up - he gave it up for fear of being punished, I suppose - I said nothing to him about being punished - I left it all to the officer - he said, "I must search you" - he seemed unwilling to be searched, and moved about and pulled out the silk purse - the canvass bag was found about his watch fob - after some altercation he produced it - I have got back 41 sovereigns and 15s. from him - I lost 40l. - after the money was produced, I said he might go back with me and work with me again, and save his character - he had restored the money to the officer then - I did not say if he wished to remain in London a few days I wouldremain with him - I said I would not mind giving him 2l. 10s. if he wanted to go any where.
Q. Did you not tell the policeman you did not wish to proceed further against him? A. Not to my knowledge - I might have said such a thing at the moment - I am not willing to receive him into my service now.


                  PHILIP 
                  PARISH
               



            . I am a policeman. On the 26th of August, in consequence of information, I went to the Blossoms Inn, and found a name booked for Nottingham, but the person's box had been sent to Maidstone by mistake - I waited till the box was returned, and waited to see if the prisoner came for the box - he did not, and next day at one o'clock I went there, and saw him with another person near the window - from the description I had received, I believed him to be the man - I saw him go into the office, and ask if his box had come - he was told "Yes" - I then asked if he was going to Nottingham - I took him to a house where the prosecutor was, and told him I apprehended him for robbing him - he said, "What I have done, I have done in France - I am not in France now, and am not amenable" - I said, "You will find the difference" - I took him to another house, and told him I must search him - he said he would not be searched - I took him into a corner, and he let me search him - I took a purse from his left hand pocket, which the prosecutor identified - I afterwards went to his other pocket, but I could not get my hand to the bottom - I found a garter strap had been put round it to confine it - I took out 41 sovereigns - I afterwards went with him to get his box, and in that I found a hat-cover, which the prosecutor claimed - I said to the prisoner,"How is this? these are sovereigns" - he said, "O yes, I changed the silver for sovereigns" - he desired the prosecutor to forgive him, and said he had behaved very kind to him, and he had done very wrong.
Cross-examined. Q. Was that all that passed? A. As far as I recollect - the prosecutor did not say if he would confess the robbery, and restore the money, he would forgive him, nor any thing of the kind - he did not tell him in my presence that as he had restored the money, he should return to France and continue in his situation - he said to me at the door, "I would not mind giving the poor fellow a sovereign to start him on the road, though he has used me so" - he did not say if he chose to go to Nottingham, he would give him 2l. 10s. to pay his expenses, in my hearing: but he had an opportunity of saying it in my absence, as I went to Guildhall to ask if it could be entered into in this country - the prosecutor never asked me for the money - he said before the magistrate, that he did not wish to prosecute, and he might have said so to me, but I think he did not - I am certain he never asked for the money - I never refused to give it up, because I was not asked - the magistrate would not allow me - I do not recollect his saying he was willing to take him back to his service.
Prisoner. The prosecutor said if I wished to return to France, he would take me again into his employ, and that he would give me 50s. to go home to Nottingham.
MR. DODSWORTH re-examined. I received no character with him - he came to France, and asked me for a job of work - this is my hat-cover and purse.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
