



475. 




WILLIAM BENNETT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of January, 1 coat, value 5l.; 1 saddle, value 10s.; and 2 whips, value 5s.; the goods of 



Edmund Johnston.






MARK HAYTON
. I am coachman to Mr. Johnston, of Winchmore-hill. On Thursday evening, the 11th of January, when I went to bed, I had my livery coat safe in the stable—the door and window were secured—I went to bed between nine and ten o'clock—when I got up in the morning my coat was gone, also two saddles, and two whips from the stable—I have since seen the articles—these are them—(looking at them)—they are all here except one saddle.





ABRAHAM GORE
. I am gardener to Mr. Johnston. On the morning of the 12th of January I found the stable-door a-jar, and the window open—the coachman, sleeps over the stable.





JAMES WINGFIELD
. I am a saddler, and live at No. 75, Long-lane, Smithfield. On Friday morning, the 12th of January, about half-past eight o'clock, the prisoner brought this saddle and two whips, and offered them for sale—I asked him where he got them irom—he said his master, Mr. Haynes of Croydon, gave them to him—I suspected they were not his, and detained him—Long-lane is about seven miles from Winchmore-hill.





EDMUND JOHNSTON
. I live at Winchmore hill. I know this coat to be my servant's livery coat—he wore it on the Thursday—I came to town that day, and he returned alone, leaving me in London—he would get hack in about an hour and a quarter—he left me in Camden-town—I lost two saddles, but only one is forthcoming.





CHARLES BURGESS
 (City-policeman No. 25.) I was called into Mr. Wingfield's shop, and took the prisoner into custody—he had this great-coat on—he was remanded three times—I found the crest on the button was not the crest of the master whose name he gave at Croydon, and at last found out the button-maker, and then the prosecutor.

Prisoner's Defence. I bought the things.





MARK HATTON

re-examined. The things were safe when I went to bed, between nine and ten o'clock.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
