





788. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RICHARDSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Williams
                        




                     
                  , on the 7th of May
, at St. Sepulchre, and stealing therein 2 watches, value 18l., and 1 watch-chain, value 6l., his goods
            .
ROBERT WILLIAMS. I am a working jeweller
, and live at No. 24, Newgate-street, City - the shop is part of the dwelling-house, and in the parish of St. Sepulchre's


 - on the morning of the 7th of May I was standing at my window, inside the shop, and heard a tremendous crash; it being plate glass, it made a great noise - I looked at the window, and either saw the prisoner's fist or elbow, inside the window where the glass was broken - he ran off, and I ran after him, crying "Stop thief!" up Giltspur-street, and Hosier-lane, and other persons followed him - I am certain it was his hand I saw in the window - I went out immediately, and he was pursued by others - there was nobody else near in regimentals, which he wore - I could not keep up close to him - I saw him in custody in two or three or five minutes - he was taken in the direction which I pursued, in West-street - one of my watches dropped at the window, after he had got it out, and the watch-chain was found on him - the watches were worth 9l. each - the glass was quite safe before I heard the noise.
Prisoner. Q. How can he swear I took two watches when he found one lying at the bottom of the window? Witness. At the time he took the watches one fell outside, and the other one he took away with him.
ROBERT WILLIAMS, Jun. I am the prosecutor's son. I saw the prisoner break the window - I am certain he is the man - I and my two brothers were at the door, just going to school, and I saw him knock his elbow or hand through the window, and take two gold watches and one gold chain - one watch dropped outside on the pavement, and that Iimmediately picked up and took in doors - he got away with the gold watch and gold chain - I saw him put the watch towards his right side pocket - I saw persons pursuing him.
Prisoner. Q. Where were you when I put the watch into my right hand pocket? A. At the door - you were round the corner nearly - he put it in that direction - I did not swear at Guildhall that you took three watches.


                  CHARLES 
                  JOEL KENT
               



             (policeman 96). I heard a cry of"Stop him!" - the prisoner passed me in Giltspur-street - I pursued him into Smithfield, Hosier-lane, and in King-street, as he was gaining ground on me, I called Crawley, my brother policeman, to follow him - I still followed, and on Saffron-hill found him in custody - I searched him at the station-house, and he took a gold watch and chain himself from his right hand coat pocket, it seems, but I thought it was his right hand breeches pocket - the prosecutor claimed it - the prisoner, when he produced it, said, "I have just got what I wanted."


                  GEORGE 
                  CRAWLEY
               



             (City policeman 61). I followed the prisoner into the passage of a house on Saffron-hill, and took him to the station-house - he produced a gold watch from his pocket, and said he had got what he wanted, and put it on the table.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             re-examined. I know these watches - I gave the officer the one found in the street - it was on the window-ledge - I am sure I gave him the same my son gave me - they both hung in my window - there was a gold watch beside, which fell inside the window - that was a third watch - three watches were disturbed.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            , Jun. re-examined. I delivered my father the watch I picked up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
