




2184. 




ELIZABETH WATSON
 and 




ELIZA HALL
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William White, on the 
22nd of July, at 
South Mimms, and stealing therein I gown, value 4s.; I frock, value 1s.; 2 collars, value 3s. 6d.; and I handkerchief value 6d., the goods of 



John Hicks.






CATHERINE HAWES
. I am nursery-maid in the service of Mr. John Hicks, of Dancer's-hill. On Monday, the 22nd of July, I was directed to carry some articles to be washed, at Mrs. Cook's, in Green Dragon-lane—she was out when I got there—I saw Mary White, and gave her the bundle to take care of for her—there was one gown, a child's dress, and three collars wrapped in a handkerchief, and pinned up—I saw the prisoners standing together, between twenty and thirty yards from Mrs. White's house—I passed them—I do not think they could see Mrs. White's house.





MARY WHITE
. I am the wife of William White, and live in Green Dragon-lane, South Mimms, Middlesex. On Monday, the 22nd of July, Catherine Hawes brought a small bundle to my house for Maria Cook to wash, who lives next door but one to me—I placed the bundle on a table near the window, which was shut—it is not made to open at all—I locked up the house, and went out—the linen was wrapped in a blue and white handkerchief—there was a list of articles outside it—I returned in about half an hour—(about half-past eleven o'clock) I picked up this small bill on my way to the house, which I thought was the list of the articles—I found a pane of glass broken in the window, which was whole when I went out.





MARIA COOK
. I occasionally wash a few articles for Mrs. Hicks—I got home on Monday about half-past eleven o'clock—the moment I got to the gate I saw Mrs. White's window cut, and the curtain blew out—I rang to know what was the matter, and nobody answered—she presently came home, and hallooed out, "Oh, my house is robbed," and picked up the bill





JAMES HAWKES
. I am policeman of Barnet. I was at Potter's Bar on Monday, the 22nd of July, and there was an alarm of this robbery—I went in pursuit to Little Heath, Hatfield-road—I came up with the prisoners there between twelve and one o'clock in the day, about three miles and a half from the prosecutrix—Hall had a bundle, which she gave me on my demanding it—it contained these articles—I took them to the cage at South Mimms—when I went there in the morning they had broken out of the cage—we found them at Hatfield, about nine miles off—we suspect that six haymakers brought them out—the prisoners were in company together.





CATHERINE HAWES
.re-examined. These are all the articles, except one collar, which is missing—they belong to Mr. Hicks—this bill was pinned on to the bundle when I left it.

WATSON—


GUILTY
*. Aged 17.

HALL—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Ten Years.
