





29. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     MARKWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of December
, 1 live tame drake, price 1s. 6d., and 1 live tame duck, price 1s. 6d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin Nicholas 
                     Williams
                  




               
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  NICHOLAS WILLIAMS
               



            . I live at Silver-street, Enfield


. On the 30th of November I had two ducks and two drakes in my field and poultry-yard, near my house; I fed them at nine o'clock - I missed them the next day; on the 3rd of December I received information, and saw one duck and one drake before the Magistrate, which were two of mine, and two which I had fed on the 30th of November - I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  SAMUEL 
                  THORN
               



            . I am gardener to Mr. Williams. On the 30th of November I saw the ducks and drakes alive in the morning, and again in the afternoon - these are two of them I can swear.


                  DAVID 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a labourer, and live at Enfield. On the afternoon of the 1st of December I saw the prisoner at the George - he asked if I would buy a couple of ducks - I said I did not want them; he said he had a couple he would sell me for 3s. - I said, "Are they dead or alive?" he said dead, that they were at his lodging in Baker-street, and he would fetch them; I said, "No, I am going home, and I will call and look at them" - I at last bought them; I gave him 2s., and agreed to give him the other 1s. - the officer came to me directly, and the prisoner was taken.


                  JOHN 
                  MEAD
               



            . I am an officer. I received information; I went and found the prisoner and Taylor together - Icalled Taylor on one side and spoke to him; I then took the prisoner - these are the ducks.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
