



1614. 




WILLIAM MASON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of June, 1 gelding, price 4l., the property of 



Daniel Lewis.






WILLIAM LEWIN
. I am in the employ of Daniel Lewis, a farmer, in the parish of Camberwell. Last Saturday, the 3rd of June, I took his cattle down to a field, and among the rest a horse—the field was enclosed all

round, and the gate locked—there were two cart horses in the field before—I saw them there at six o'clock in the morning—I went to the field again at ten o'clock at night, and found the gate open, and this cart-horse missing—it was a gelding—I saw it again the next day (Sunday) at Gedden's.





JAMES GEDDEN
. I am a licensed horse-slaughterer. On the 3rd of June I bought an old horse of Williams, between six and seven o'clock in the evening—it was claimed by the prosecutor's man on Sunday morning.





JOHN WILLIAMS
. I was hawking brooms on Saturday, the 3rd of June, at New Cross, about a mile from Camberwell, about a quarter-past five o'clock, and saw the prisoner with a cart-horse—I asked him if he wished to sell it—he said "Yes"—I asked where he brought the horse from—he said, from Mr. Sewell's, of Beckenham—I asked his own name—he said, "Thomas Beck," which I wrote down—he asked 30s. for the horse—I agreed to give him 25s., which I paid him in two half-sovereigns and 5s. in halfpence—I sold it to Geddens the same afternoon—I am sure he said he brought it to sell for Sewell of Beckenham.





JOHN KINGSBURY
. I deal in shrubs. I was in Lordship-lane on Saturday afternoon, the 3rd of June, about a quarter before five o'clock, and saw three or four horses in Mr. Lewis's field, and saw the prisoner lead a horse from the field—I saw him in the field, and when 1 got up to the gate, he came out of the gate, leading a brown blind cart-horse—1 asked him if it was going to be killed—he said, "Yes"—I asked him if it was for sale—he said, "Not exactly," it was not his—I am sure he is the man, to the best of my recollection—he went towards Sydenham—you can go to New Cross by the way he went—I saw a man named Giles before the Magistrate, produced by the prisoner—I am certain Giles was not the man who brought the horse out.





WILLIAM LEWIN
. The horse was brown and blind—we had no other brown horse in that field that was blind—the prisoner was taken on the Friday following.

Prisoner's Defence. I had the horse from a man of the name of Giles—he met me, and asked if I would sell his horse for him—he said he had bought it, and I went, and took him the money—the clock struck six as I got into the steam-carriage at Deptford.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.

