





2092. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  DAVIES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of September
, 2 shawls, value 30s.; 3 shirts, value 7s.; 1 pair of stays, value 5s.; 1 waistcoat, value 7s., and 1 piece of calico, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cheetham
                  




               
            .
JOHN CHEETHAM. I am an armourer
 in the Tower. I lost the property stated out of my room; the key had been left at a neighbour's house, and when I returned on Sunday evening, the 26th of September, the property was gone - it was then a quarter before nine o'clock, and the key was left in another place, not where I left it; the prisoner is a soldier in the guards, and was in the same barracks as me.


                  CATHERINE 
                  HAYES
               



            . I keep the Blackamoor's Head, in Cutler's-street, Rosemary-lane. On the Sunday stated, the prisoner came to have a pint of beer, I think it was about six o'clock; there were both men and women drinking in the house - he called them into the parlour, and sold this property to them; two shirts were offered to me by a young woman in the parlour, but I would not buy them- I saw a black silk handkerchief bought by one of the persons for 1s. 6d.; the prisoner offered me a shawl for sale, and he offered a pair of stays to a young woman for 7d.; I asked where he got the things, and he said it was nothing to me; I said they were stolen - he said they were not, they were his own; he then abused me, and I sent for an officer; I received the waistcoat from my brother.


                  ROBERT 
                  THORP
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On the Sunday night, at a quarter before ten o'clock, Catherine Hayes called me into the house; I went in, and asked the prisoner where he got these things - he said his wife was dead, and he was selling her clothes, that he had had 2l advance money from his captain, but that was not enough- I said, "Did your wife wear shirts and waistcoats?" he then wanted me to take some gin, and to let him go, but I would not; I received this shawl from a woman in the tap-room - this waistcoat and two shirts I received from Hayes, and here is the rest of the property.


                  CATHERINE 
                  HAYES
               



            . One of my lodgers bought the shirts, and I made him give them to me; I did not see the prisoner have them.(Property produced and sworn to)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
