







982. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WILKINSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  ABRAHAM 
                  GRAVES
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of March
, 61lbs. weight of sugar, value 1l. 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Ford
                  




               
            .


                  ISAAC 
                  JOHN ISAACS
               



             (police-constable H 169). On the 18th of March, at half-past nine o'clock in the morning, I was in Shorter-street, Wellcose-square - I saw a waggon; I saw the prisoners and Cartwright, who was convicted here last sessions, with the waggon; they all got into it, and opened several bags of sugar - I waited I suppose ten minutes; I then saw the waggoner (Cartwright) get out, but the two prisoners remained in - I waited a short time, and then I saw the two prisoners out of the waggon, and Cartwright in, and he lifted a bag of sugar off the waggon on to Wilkinson's back; the two prisoners were then going off, I pursued them, they threw the sugar down and escaped - I took the sugar and the waggoner; I am sure the prisoners are the persons, they were taken some time afterwards - the sugar was produced the last time, there was sixty-one lbs. of it.


                  MARY 
                  FORD
               



            . I am a widow
, and keep carts; I sent my waggon to carry the sugar from St. Katherine's-dock to Limehouse; Cartwright was my servant - I saw the sugar produced here at the last trial.
Wilkinson's Defence. I was passing by, and the waggoner asked me to help him to lift two or three of the bags on the waggon, and the officer came and took him, this other prisoner was not there.
Graves' Defence. I know nothing about it.
WILKINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
GRAVES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
