




1434. 




JAMES SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of May, 36 trussed of Straw, value 1l. 15s., the goods of 



Massey Gillett.






JAMES SKEGGS
. I am carter to Massey Gillett, at Puckeridge. On Tuesday, the 10th of May, I brought a load and a half of straw to town—I came over Battle-bridge, and the prisoner lit on me—I had seen him before, but did not know his name, nor had any dealings with him—he asked if I had that straw to sell—I said, "Yes"—he asked the price—I told him 35s. a load, and that I had a load and a half—he said that was too much, he would give me 34s.—then he asked what I was going to load back with—I said, "Soot"—he agreed to give me 35s.—I asked him where I was to go with it—he said, "Near Oxford-street"—he went into a corn-dealer's shop—I stood at the other side of the way—he came out and told me to draw up, and I delivered thirty-six trusses there—the prisoner said they could not take any more—he helped the corn-chandler's man to carry it in—when I had unloaded the prisoner was to pay me, but he never did—we had a pot of beer, and then went thirteen or fourteen poles fourteen—he asked me to go, and said he would unload the half-load there—he was to buy the load and a half—we went and had two pennyworth of rum—he said, "I will unload you in five minutes"—he went towards where I thought he was going to unload and I thought he was gone into a shop, but I never saw any thing more of him—I waited there an hour and a half—I had sold it to him for ready money—he was to pay me directly—I sold the half-load myself afterwards, as he never came back—I never saw him again till he was at Hatton-garden, on Friday, the 20th—my master had given information to the police.

Prisoner. Did not you tell your master the money was all correct, and I had paid you every shilling? Witness. He never paid me a farthing for that straw—I have never received a farthing from him—I did not tell master that I had sold it, and left the money till the end of the week, and then it would be all right—he was to pay me as soon as I had unloaded it.





JOHN HILLSDON
. I am a corn-dealer, and live at No. 26, Little Earl-street. On this Tuesday morning I bought the load of straw of the prisoner—he called on me on the Thursday before, and asked if I was a buyer of straw—I said, no, not to-day; I should be next marker-day—he said, "I shall be up with some next market-day, and will give you a call, "he called on the Tuesday following, and said, "Master, I did not bring any straw up on Saturday last, but I have brought some to-day"—I said, "What is your price?"—he said, "Thirty-five shillings"—said, "That is more than I gave the last day, "—he said, "What is your price?—I said, "I gave 34s. 6d. last time; I will give you 34s."—he said, "Well you shall have it;" and he and my man unloaded it at my place—I gave him the money and did not know but he was the owner of the straw.





JAMES DAVIS
. I am a policeman, I apprehended the prisoner in Somers-town.

Prisoner's Defence. I met the witness with his straw—I asked him the price—he said 35s.—I bid him 34s., and asked him what he was going to take home—he said, "Fifty bushel of soot"—I asked what price he would give for soot—he said, "Sixpence"—I said I would load the soot at 6 1/2 d., and would give him 35s. a load for his turn, if he would buy his soot of me—I expected the gentleman would have taken the load and a half, and the prosecutor agreed to take the soot of me at 6d. a bushel—when

we got to the corn-dealer's. I sold the straw, and said to the carter, "Come about two hundred yards farther, and I think I know a gentleman who will take the other half load"—I went to Short's Gardens, and found a customer in about an hour and a quarter; and when I came back for him, he was gone.
(Joseph Chadwick, constable of St. James, Clerkenwell, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Seven Years.
