



2063. 




MARY MAHONEY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
19th of August, 1 window-curtain, value 8d.; 1 petticoat, value 4d.; 1 napkin, value 8d.; and 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; the goods of 



Jane Davis, her mistress; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JANE DAVIS
. I am a window, and live in Payne-street, Islington. I take in washing—the prisoner washed for me—I missed a napkin, a handkerchief, and some other things, on the 19th of August, and on the 24th I missed a great many more—I went to the prisoner's lodging, and there I saw my window-curtain part on the top of her bed, and part on the bottom—this is my chair-cover.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You found the quit whole on her bed? A. Yes; and two bits of it were my window curtain—I know it by the pattern—I have no private mark on it—I have the fellow to it; there are others of the same pattern, but I swear it is mine—I bought it twenty years ago—I never saw one like it—I do not claim any other pieces of this quilt—I know this handkerchief—I had it to wash for Mr. Rippon—she confessed she pawned this for half-a-crown—she fell on her knees, and said she would bring that, and all my things home in the evening if I would not prosecute her—I did not say any thing to her—I had put it out of my own hands—the policeman was there then—I had seen the prisoner before the policeman came—I then said, if I could get every thing I had lost, I did not know whether I should prosecute her or not—the officer told me to take her up.





WILLIAM HORNSBY
 (police-constable N 124.) I went to the prisoner's lodging—I found these things in the room.

Cross-examined Q. Did you tell her to give the prisoner into custody A. No; I did not—I found the things in the room.






JOSEPH WOLSTENHOLM
. I am a pawnbroker—I produce a silk handkerchief which I took in of the prisoner on the 13th of August, for 2s. 6d.





HENRY WILLIAMS
. I am a police constable. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got Clerkenwell—I know she is the person—(read.)





JANE DAVIS
. This is a handkerchief I lost—this other was found on the prisoner's mantel-piece—she told me where this was pawned.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
