



64. 




MARY GRIFFIN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of November1 veil, value 2s. 6d. and 1 handkerchief, value 6d. the goods of 



Ann Cullis, from her person.







ANN CULLIS
. I am single. I was at the corner of Sutton street, Soho square about a quarter past five o'clock in the afternoon, on the of November—I live at No.17, Liverpool street, queen's cross, and am servant to Mr. John pearson—I was going to Greek street—I did not know the way, and was directed wrong—I went down Sutton street—I heard some persons behind me, and some females say, "Where have you been?"—I took no notice, e but heard them speak again tome—I then found some were four besides the prisoner—they pulled a second time, and then they got it off—It was the prisoner pulled it off—I asked her for it, and saw two or these times—she said she had to got it ad struck me reticule form my arm, and threw it in the road—I then screamed out—she told the rest of the girls to pick it up twice. hut they did not—I picked it up—she ran away, and the girls as well—I lost my veil and handkerchief—I was greatly alarmed, and was crying is the a young man come to my assistance—I am sure the prisoner is the person—I saw with the veil in her hand, and give it to another young girl—I saw them hand it from one to another.





HENRY BRAINE
. I saw the prosecutrix in great distress, crying—when I came up I Saw the prisoner struggling with a gentleman—she got away from him—I crossed over and asked the prosecutrix what was he matter—she said she had been knocked down and robbed—I know the prisoner—I live at the corner of Sutton street—she is always about there with a pack of girls—she is called the queen of stared—she was taken there—I quite sure she is the person.

Prisoner. You never saw my face before. Witness Yes, I know you very well.





JAMES NOCKALL
. I took the prisoner at the Crown gin shop, at the corner of crown street and told her what I took her for—she made no answer; but told me. at the waiting-room, in bow street that she was with two or three other girls, and the other girls took it, and ran away.




GUILTY
 Aged 19—


Transported for Fourteen years.
