





Before Mr. Baron Bayley.
447. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LEWIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Halksworth
                        




                     
                  , on the 27th of January
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, value 2l. 10s., his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALKSWORTH
               



            . I am a tailor
. On the 27th of January, about half-past two o'clock in the afternoon, I was in a court leading out of Shoreditch


 to Cock-lane - I am a visitor of the Strangers' Friend Society
, and went to visit a widow in distress; and about four yards from the door, after I came out of her house, I was going to another person to visit, and just previous to my coming into a narrow passage, there stood three men; one of them seemed to stagger a little, as if intoxicated - he turned round, and placed his hand on my shoulder: he rather twisted me round - I was endeavouring to extricate myself, and as soon as he got me to face him, he plucked my watch out of my fob, and ran away with it; seeing his intoxication was merely pretence. I ran after him as hard as I could down Shoreditch, calling Police! and calling out that I was robbed - he gained ground on me, and turned up Church-street; I pursued him thirty or forty yards - I was rather confused, and do not know his features; but the appearance of his person and clothes were the same - he was never lost sight of, though I lost sight of him; he was taken in a few minutes afterwards - I saw my watch at the station-house, and the prisoner was there also; he only staggered against me, and laid hold of me - he did not strike me before he got the watch; he did it so momentarily that I had no apprehension of it.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a headborough. I apprehended the prisoner in Cross-street - he was running, and the prosecutor calling Stop thief! when I caught hold of him he put his hand into his right-hand coat pocket, and threw this watch on the ground; a young man who was coming down the street, picked it up, and gave it to me, as I held him by the collar - I think he had been drinking, but knew what he was about.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SNOSWELL
               



            . I saw the prisoner running with a watch in his hand for about forty yards - I was in pursuit of him; I lost sight of him at the top of Nicholl-street; he was running very fast, and laughing very heartily.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTSON
               



            . I joined in pursuit of the prisoner, saw him run about a hundred yards, and assisted in taking him; he was laughing very heartily - I thought it was a mere joke, till I saw the officers; he ran very well, and lifted up both the tails of his great coat to enable him to run faster; he said nothing when he was taken - 9s. 7 1/2d. was found on him.
Prisoner. I was in liquor, and knew nothing about it till the next morning.




               GUILTY of stealing from the person only
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
