






2086. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     STEVENSON
                  





               
             & 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     MORGAN
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of July
, 14 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Arthur
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ARTHUR
               



            . I am a porter
. On the 15th of July, I had been to a friend's house, and was returning between twelve and one o'clock; I met the two prisoners in Milk-alley


 - I was quite sober; they were together; one of them asked me to go a little way, but I declined it - Morgan then put her hand into my breeches pocket, and took out my money; I caught her hand coming out of my pocket; Stevenson then laid hold of my collar, and took me away from her - I called for assistance; the watchman came up - I took 6s. and a medal from Morgan's hand.
Morgan. There was another female in company whom he charged first, and when I came up, he said as he could not get her, he would give charge of me. Witness. No, it is quite false.


                  JOSHUA 
                  FREDERICK CLEMENTS
               



            . I am a superintendant of the Police. I received the prisoner in charge.
ROBERT QUADLING. I am a private-watchman. I heard the noise, and on getting up to Milk-alley, I heard the prosecutor call out - I went to him; he had hold of Morgan's hand, and took 6s. out of it - there was a third person taken, but she was let go.
Morgan. Q. Did you see him take the money out of my hand? A. Yes, and a young man picked up 2s.;



                  JOHN 
                  ARTHUR
               



            . I swear that Morgan took the money out of my pocket.
Stevenson put in a written Defence, stating that she was passing, and seeing the prosecutor who was intoxicated strike Morgan; she went up and advised him not to do so, and immediately some silver fell on the ground - that the prosecutor then charged her with preventing him, from calling for assistance.
STEVENSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.
MORGAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
