





Before Lord Chief Justice Tenterden.
2063. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MOORE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September
, 1 1/2lb. of tea, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Roberts
               




            , his master.


                  FRANCIS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live in Longacre


. The prisoner was my errand-boy
 for two months -I had suspicion, and told Kirkman to watch; he afterwards produced 1 1/2lb. of congou tea to me, which I believe to bemine - it is the same quality; I could not miss it, as the canister contained above 60lbs.; it was kept in the shop; the prisoner had access to it.


                  JOHN 
                  KIRKMAN
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 20th of September, at seven o'clock in the morning, I was on duty opposite the prosecutor's shop, and saw the prisoner come out of the shop; he began to clean the window, then beckoned to a boy who stood in a court, and pointed down Charles-street; the boy took the hint, and went down that street - the prisoner directly left the shop, and went down that street, towards him; I followed, and seeing me he went into his master's shop again - he went through the shop, and was going out at the back door; I followed, and took him, and in his hat found this tea, in paper, covered with a handkerchief.


                  EDWARD 
                  WINKWORTH
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Roberts. I went into the shop about seven o'clock, and saw the prisoner at a tea-canister - I saw him put his hat on his head, and then put the lid on the canister; he afterwards took his hat off, and appeared to be smoothing something in it - he then went out to dust the windows.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
