





1142. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Septimus 
                           Sadler
                        




                     
                  , on the 22nd of May
, and stealing, 1 cloak, value 1l., and 1 barometor, value 3l.; his property
            .
SEPTIMUS SADLER. I was a prisoner in the Fleet
; the warden has a house there, which is occupied - I had a room to myself. I left my room on the 22nd of May, about six o'clock in the evening, and was absent nine or ten minutes - I locked the door, and on my return I found the door half open, and the bolt of the lock shot; the prisoner was in the room - my cloak, which I had left on the back of a chair, was on the floor - I found my barometor, which I had left hanging against the wall, was rolled up in the cloak on the floor; the prisoner was not a resident in the Fleet - he was quite a stranger to me: I laid hold of him, and asked what business he had there, and how the door came to be broken open - he said he did not know, and he had come there to inquire for a Mr. Green; I had been in the Fleet about six months, and knew no such person - the door must have been opened with great force, for it cleared the bolt, and carried away part of the iron work that it shot into; he said there had been two gentlemen in the room when he came there, and they desired him to wait for Mr. Green.


                  JOHN 
                  HASLEHAM
               



            . I am cryer of the Fleet. I took the prisoner in charge from Mr. Sadler - he was a stranger; he said he had come there to inquire for Mr. Green - there was no such person in the prison.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FOULKES
               



            . I am a turnkey of the Fleet, and received the prisoner in charge: I put him into the strong room, searched him, and in his right-hand pocket was a crow-bar, and in his other pocket nine keys - they are not skeletons, but corresponded with the room doors of the prison; I compared the crow-bar with the door - it corresponded exactly with the marks; it required a good deal of force to open it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. On Saturday evening, between five and six o'clock, I saw a young man in Fleet-street, who used to work with me in the country - he asked me to go and see a young man in the Fleet; I went and inquired for Green - two persons were in the room: they said Green was on the racket-ground, and told me to go in and sit down; I did so - the prosecutor came and asked what I wanted; I told him the gentlemen were gone to fetch Green to me.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
