




150. 




JOHN HENRY
 and 




JAMES TAUNTON
 were indicted for

 a robbery on 



Jabez Poulson, on the 
1st of October, at 
St. John the Evangelist, Westminster, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 watch, value 1l.; 3 rings, value 1l. 5s.; 1 sovereign; 1 shilling; 1 sixpence; 2 pence, and 4 halfpence, his property.


Mr. Carrington conducted the Prosecution.





JABEZ POULSON
. I live in Whitcombe-street, Leicester-square, at Mr. Saphill's, who married my sister—I am a working jeweller, in the employ of Brown and Kay, manufacturing jewellers, Tavistock-row, and have been nearly eight years in their employ. On Monday, the 30th of September, I was walking to my lodging from Brown and Kay's, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I think nearer eight, and saw the prisoner Henry—I stopped to look at some books at a shop in St. Martin s-court, and he came up and remarked on the cheapness of them—I said, they were so—I put the book I had in my hand down, and walked on to Leicester-square—he walked with me as far as my own door, and then wished me good night—he had followed me and entered into conversation—on the evening of the 1st of October I had just come from my own house to go out for a walk after business, about half-past eight o'clock—I was passing down my own street, and at the corner of James-street Heny came up to me and said, "How do yon do, sir?"—this was about four houses from my own house—I acknowledged the compliment and walked on—he followed, and entered into conversation with me—I went down

the street towards Charing-cross, and passed on through Charingcross past the Horse-guards—he still continued walking with me—I kept straight on down the street towards the front of Westminsterabbey, not Parliament-street, hut the street on the right hand side—I went on down Dean-street, and when we got down Dean-street, near the corner of Peter-street, he seemed suddenly to recollect himself and he remarked that a friend and himself were going to open an eating-house, that the men were at work on the premises, and be would go and see how they got on, and would I go with him—I went with him to No. 66, Peter-street, as I have since ascertained, it was about the middle of the street—when we got to the door, he took a key from his pocket and opened the side door in the passage close to the street door—he went in first, I did not follow him immediately—I did not intend to go in, but he turned round and asked me to step in, which I did—the moment 1 had stepped in, he closed the door and seizing me by the collar, said, "Now you are in my power"—there was a candle burning on a little shelf in the corner in the shop, which was under repair—there were workmen's tools there—I said, "What do you mean?"—he said, "I will show you what I mean; let us see what you have about you"—I struggled with him to get loose—he said, it was of no use, he would call the police, and give me in charge for unnatural practices, if I attempted to make the least noise—he then tore open my waistcoat and trowsers, turned my pockets inside out, and took from my trowsers' pocket 1 sovereign, 1s. 6d., and some halfpence—at that moment 1 heard footsteps in the passage, and a man's voice call out "Henry"—Henry did not answer, and I heard footsteps go to the back of the house, and I saw Taunton throw open a sash-window, and come into the place where we were—I am certain he is the man—Henry was about removing my watchguard from my neck at the time he 'came in—it was a black ribbon—Taunton said, "Holloa. Henry, what have you got there?"—Henry replied, "Oh, it is all right, a regular b---"—after that Henry proceeded to take the rings from my fingers—I resisted him rather faintly, I confess, for I was in great trembling and fear—Taunton then said he would fetch in the policeman, and give me in charge—Henry said, Oh, never mind, let him go, we have got all we can"—he let go of me, and I then made my way into the street, and got home as well as I could.

Q. At the time the property was taken from you, were you or not put in fear by the conduct of the prisoners? A. I was, decidedly so—I am quite certain the prisoners are the two persons—I did not give information to the police, from the great dread I had of the charge they threatened to bring against me if 1 did—that was the only reason—it was from nothing more than the dislike of having my name mixed up with the imputation.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When did you have Henry taken?

A. On Wednesday, the 16th—Taunton was taken after that—I was present when he was taken by Cooper—I found him in his shop—it is an eating-house—it is the same place I was at—it was undergoing repair at the time I was there first-all I saw of Taunton, was during the tine he came in at the window, and till I got out—I am positive the words Henry used were, "It is all right, a regular b—," they are too fully impressed on my mind to forget them—I am quite positive they were the precise words—I have not strengthened my recollection at all since they were apprehended—I never said it was to that effect, to my recollection—I gave the words repeated by the prisoner—I am quite confident of the words—it—was six weeks afterwards that I first gave an account of the words he used—I did:

not make a memorandum of them—I am quite certain Taunton said he would give me in charge—I have always been quite sure about that—I was very much confused and agitated—the door of the room could not have been fast, for directly I put my hand against it, it opened outwardly—I did not say he locked the door—I said he closed it—that has always been my opinion—I struggled with Henry before Taunton came in—we did not make much noise, except the noise of our feet—it was after that that Taunton came in at the window—I never saw Taunton from that time till he was taken into custody—he never came to me, nor asked for any thing—I had never seen him before, to my knowledge.

COURT. Q. Do you know whether Henry lives in the same place? A. I do not know, but I ascertained after he was apprehended, that he lodged at the Horse and Groom public-house in Bedfordbury—there was light enough for Taunton to see what Henry was doing, and he did see it—he was coming in at the window at the time Henry was taking my watch from my fob—he saw him take the rings from my fingers—he took a gold mourning-ring from the little finger of my right-band, a wedding-ring, and another ring from the little finger of my left-hand—Henry afterwards told me his friend had the money, and he only had what he could make by pledging the watch and rings—he also said he knew what he was doing was very wrong, and he knew very well I could transport him for it, but he did not care for that, he had no friends, nor any character to lose, and he had no trade.

Q. How came you to make this charge afterwards against the prisoners for robbing you at this house? A. By his coming to my employer's house, and demanding money—that induced me to make the circumstance known to my employers.

Henry. The witness speaks false—did you not lock the door yourself when you went into the room? Witness, Certainly not.





DAVID COOPER
. I am a policeman. I took Henry into custody by the advice of my superintendent, on Saturday, the 16th of November—I also went and took Taunton—I found him at No. 66, Great Peter-street—I have known the house for above twelve months—it was open as an eating-house, when I took Taunton—he had opened it about nine weeks—I told Taunton what I took him for—I took him to the station-house in Newway, Westminster—I did not at any time tell him it would be better for him to confess, or worse if he did not—he denied the charge—he said he did not know Mr. Poulson at all—Poulson was with me at the time—I then took Taunton to Bow-street station-house—he then told me he recollected the gentleman, and seeing him at his house with the prisoner Henry, that he heard a noise in the room, and went and tried the door, and found it fast—that he entered at the window, came into the room where Poulson and Henry were, and he said he (Taunton) used threatening words, but he did not Bay who to—that was all he said—he said nothing more to me about Henry or himself—he did to Mr. Hall.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When you went to him, and told him what you wanted him for, did not he say he was very willing to go with you? A. Yes, I did not think of that before—I did not know this house as an eating-house before the Sunday—I knew the house, because I had lived there twelve months ago—I do not know how long it has been an eating-house, but the prisoner said he had kept it about nine weeks—the name of Taunton was up over the window—he denied all knowledge of the charge before the inspector, but at the next station-house he said he recollected

him again—he did not say, but be did not threaten the prosecutor, he said he used threatening words, but be did not say whether it was to the witness or the prisoner.

COURT. Q. Just recollect what you have said before the Magistrate, that he did Dot threaten last witness? A. He told me be used threatening words, and that I told the clerk at the office.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did he say those threatening words were not to the prosecutor? A. He did not say who—I made a memorandum of the conversation in a book, which I have at home—I did not put down the words, only the day of the month, and the hour I apprehended him.

MR. CARRINGTON. Q. What parish is Peter-street in? A. In the parish of St. John.





JABEZ POULSON

re-examined. The man whose voice I beard in the house, crying out "Henry," was outside the door, in the passage, I believe—I do not know that be tried to get in at the door—I cannot say for certain whether be did—I beard his voice near the door—I do not know whether the door was fastened in any way, outside or inside—I had no difficulty in getting out.





WILLIAM SAPHILL
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Brown and Kay. I saw the prisoner Henry at Messrs. Brown and Kay's on Friday evening, the 15th of November—he inquired for Saphill—I said my name was Saphill.
(The prisoner Henry, in the course of a very long defence, stated that the prosecutor first accosted him at a picture-shop, went with him to a public-house, where he (Henry) lodged, and had a pint of ale and some cigars; the prosecutor then requested him to take a walk with him, which he did; he showed him where he lived, and on the following night he again met the prosecutor, by his (the prosecutor's) appointment, and he treated him with some oysters; he (Henry) then saying he wished to see the house in Peter-street, where he had lodged the prosecutor took his arm, and accompanied him there, and not being able to open the door himself, the prosecutor opened it; there was no light in the room; the prosecutor said, "Never mind, I do not want one," but he (Henry) procured one; the prosecutor then locked the door, and made an improper proposal, and upon his seizing his shirt and threatening to coil a policeman, he entreated him to let him go—the prisoner Taunton, who belonged to the house, then came to the door, and inquired what was the matter, but could not get in, as the door was fastened; he came through the window, and wanted to go and call the police, but the prosecutor again imploring to be let go, he (Henry) at last consented, and he went He also stated, that he called upon the prosecutor about a week after, for the loan of 1l. which he had promised him; he gave him Is. 6d., and promised to meet him the following night, and give him a sovereign, which he did, and as soon as he had put it into his pocket, he was taken into custody by the policeman,)





JABEZ POULSON

re-examined The first night I met him was at a bookshop—I did not go with him to any public-house that night—I did not drink any ale, or smoke any cigars with him—I walked with aim from the book-shop to my own door, (that is all that passed on the 30th)—I did not appoint to meet him the following night, but be saw me at the corner of James-street, in Whitcombe-street—I walked on alone till he joined me—I was out for a walk—I did not go with him to any oyster-shop—I did not treat him with any oysters before I got to the house in Great Peter-street—we went straight along King-street to Peter-street—we did not stop any where—I had never been in the house, No. 66, Peter-street, before, nor even in the street before.


Q. How came you to walk with a perfect stranger to you? A. I cannot account for it—I had no object in view—when I got to the house the street-door was open—I did not open the side-door, nor did I lock it—there was a candle already lighted when I went into the room—it was on a little shelf in the corner—nothing whatever of an indecent nature took place between us—my shirt was not out—Inever had the key of the door in my hand—the next time I saw the prisoner was on Friday evening, the 15th of November, and when I saw him he told me not to be frightened, he only wanted a little money, seeing I was agitated, I suppose—I gave him a shilling and some halfpence, to get rid of him, after be threatened to bring up the man from Westminster, who would make me—I do not know of his ever having been to Mr. Saphill's—I told my master of this the day after he had been to me—I went voluntarily with him—I had no acquaintance with Taunton before this night.

Henry. Q. When I had hold of your shirt, did not you promise me some money? A. I did not—it was my trowsers pocket Henry had hold of, not my shirt, the pockets being all turned out—when Taunton came into the shop Henry was holding me by my pockets turned inside out—I did not make a noise, in consequence of the horrid threats made use of—I was afraid of the horrid charge—I certainly should have returned with a policeman if it had been a common robbery.

MR. PAYNE
called






ELIZABETH GRIFFIN
. I belong to the cook-shop. Taunton was in the concern two months—I knew him before for two years and a half—I understood him him to be honest, and was induced to risk money with him to open the shop—he was acquainted with my husband before his death.

COURT. Q. How long had you taken possession of No. 66, Great Peter-street? A. On the 9th of October—it was being fitted up for I think a fortnight before—that was done at my expense—Taunton lived there a few days before I went—there were none of my goods there on the 30th of September—I cannot potitively say whether Taunton was living in the house on the 30th—the shop was shut up before I took it—Taunton superintended the workmen there—he fitted it up himself—there were lodgers in the upper part of the house at that time—we had the whole house—the lodgers left on the 8th of October—I do not know of any acquaintance between the two prisoners—I have seen Henry at Taunton's lodging before this, but did not know him—I have seen him at the door of his lodging.
(Henry Lee, quill-dresser, No. 19, Greville-street, Hat ton-garden; and Emily Smith, widow, No. 23, Guildford-street, Southwark; also deposed to Taunton's good character.)

HENRY—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

TAUNTON—


GUILTY. Aged 37.—



Judgment Respited.(The Jury found that Taunton was aware the robbery was to take place, but that he did not know that the property was to be taken forcibly from the person.)


