



1483. 




NATHAN WILSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of June, 7 1/2 dwts. of gold, value 1l. the goods of 



Richard Hall and another, his masters.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the prosecution.





RICHARD HALL
. I have one partner; we are goldsmiths, and live in Bartlett's buildings, Holborn. The prisoner was in our employ for more than three years as a journeyman—he had 2l. a week.—he was employed in working up gold.—a small portion of gold could be abstracted without our missing it—I had no suspicion of the prisoner till I received a communication from Mr. Sirrel, I think, on the 15th or 16th of June.—the prisoner went to his dinner, at one o'clock that day, and was gone an hour or more.—he was not permitted to take out any gold, except for his wife to work up, which was then returned.—when Mr. Sirrel's young man came to me, I told the prisoner he had been selling gold there, that we thought was ours, and I wished him to give an account of it.—he said he could to our satisfaction.—he said he got it from some person who worked at home, to tell for him, but he could not divulge his name or residence—after being pressed farther, he mentioned the name of Wood, and that was all We could get from him—he was then taken into custody.—this is the gold.—it is impossible to swear to such an article; but we had gold in all respects like this in the workshop—the prisoner had been employed on that gold on the Saturday previous—it is flatted wire principally—it had undergone part of the process—I have brought some to compare with it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you see him go to his dinner on the day stated? A. I think I saw him go about one o'clock—he did not live in our house—this is not an extraordinary sort of gold.—a person who was employed in the manufacture of gold might have some like this, though not exactly similar.

MR. BODKIN. Q, This gold is made into this shape by passing through some cylinders? A. Yes; and its size would depend on the cylinders—I never allowed him to take home gold in this state.





ERNEST RONILLY
. I am in partnership with Mr. Hall This is the sort of wire which the prisoner had been working—it corresponds in all respects.

Cross-examined. Q. What do you do with it after it has been flatted? A. It is worked up by different men—we never allow this sort of wire to be carried home.





JOSHUA COOPER
. I am in the employ of Mr. Sirrel, No. 54, Barbican; he is a refiner. The prisoner has come to me, and brought three five, six, and seven pennyweights of gold at a time, for two years—I remember the day

he was taken into custody—we had received information, about a week before that—he came between nine and ten that morning, and brought seven and a half penny weights of gold—I bought it, and gave him the money—I was then sent down to Mr. Halls.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know the prisoner? A. I had known him for ten years—I supposed he was a master, working on his own account.





FREDERICK PRINCE
 (City police-constable No. 79.) I took the prisoner—he said he had the gold of a person named Wood, but he could not find him.

Prisoner's Defence. I had it of that person, but I pledged my word I would not divulge his name, or place of abode—he has wanted me to go to his house, but I would not—I was in the habit of passing the afternoon with him—I tried to find him, but could not.
(Lewis Estcott, of Northampton-street, and Mr. Dessinder, Working Jewellers, gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
