



2903. 




EDWARD NEWLING
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of October, 1 pocket, value 1d., and 4 sovereigns, the goods and monies of 



Edward Stanton, from his person.






EDWARD STANTON
. I live in Pancras-street, Tottenham-court-road, and sell newspapers—I have known the prisoner about three years. On the 22nd of October, I received a 5l. note on the Bath bank to get it changed for my sister—I did so, and I got 4l. 15s., in four sovereigns, one half-sovereign, and two half-crowns—they took 5s. at the coach-office for changing it—I afterwards met the prisoner and his wife near Clare-street—I took them to a public-house in Drury-lane, and gave them something

to drink—I pulled out my money to pay, and told the prisoner I had been for change for the note—we then went to another public-house, and all sat down—I had the four sovereigns in my right-hand pocket—I fell asleep, and when I awoke I found myself in the station-house at Bow-street-the prisoner was there, and two other men—my right-hand pocket had been cut off, and my money was gone—I told my fellow-prisoners, and the prisoner said he had got some of it, and he gave me 9s. 11d.—I called the policeman, and told him I had been robbed—a light was fetched, and my pocket was found on the floor of the lock-up room.

Prisoner. He said he brought his money into the lock-up place—I was searched, and only 7s. and a few halfpence were found—I never saw a sovereign, nor touched it—he gave me 10s. two hours before, and told me to take care of it. Witness. No, I did not.





THOMAS HORSELL
. I am a shoemaker. On the 22nd of October, between seven and eight o'clock, I went to the Six Cans and Punch Bowl public-house in Holborn—I saw the prosecutor, the prisoner, and a woman together—the prosecutor was asleep, with his head against a stall—I had a knife, which I was using, and I put it down on the table—in a few minutes the woman went away—the prisoner then came and took my knife up—he went round the table, and took from one of the prosecutor's pockets 1 1/2 d.—he then went round and cut the prosecutor's right pocket off—I told him he was doing wrong—he said, Oh, he is my brother quite in-law, he don't know how to take care of his money"—he then said he would give me a crown—I said, "Poh, poh, I don't want your crown—I don't think you are doing right"—I gave an alarm, and he went off—I was taken and locked up all night, but I was not in the same place with the prisoner—in the morning I was brought up, and asked if I knew the prisoner—I knew him in a moment, and then I was acquitted.





JOEL BOWDITCH
. I am barman to my uncle, who keeps the Six Cans and Punch Bowl public-house in Holborn. On the evening in question, I recollect the prisoner, a woman, and the prosecutor being in the tap room—Horsell came in, and the prisoner went away soon after he came—he went out quickly—Horsell then said that the prisoner had cut the man's pocket—the prosecutor was drunk and asleep—Horsell was given into custody because he had lent the prisoner his knife.





LEWIS KERR
. I am a policeman. On the morning of the 23rd of October I was acting as jailor at the station-house in Bow-street—the prosecutor called to me, and said he had been robbed of four sovereigns—the prisoner, and Stanton, and two other men were in that cell—I picked up from the floor the bottom of a pocket, and I found on the prisoner 6s. 10d. In silver, and 1 1/4 d. In copper—Horsell was locked up, but not in the same cell—the prisoner told me he had handed some money over to Stanton, which he said Stanton had given him over night to take care of—I took 24s. 6d. In silver, and 5d. In copper from the prisoners wife—I believe the prisoner was apprehended in Holborn, for being drunk, and creating a disturbance, and assaulting one of our constables—I asked him where he lived—he said, In Pancras-street, Tottenham-street, which I found was false—I have ascertained that he lives in Star-court—the inspector told me to go and find the prisoner's wife—I made inquiries—his wife came up, and said she was his wife—I asked her where she lived, she said, "At No. 26, King-street"—I took her there—she said she lived in the garret—I followed her up stairs, and found she did not live

there—the prisoner was not brought in for an hour and a half after the prosecutor—he had had plenty of time to get rid of the money.

Prisoner's Defence. I told the officer where I had worked for nearly eleven years—I am a harness-maker—I am entirely innocent of the charge—the prosecutor gave me 10s., as I have stated—I never saw any money in gold.




GUILTY
. Aged 46.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
