





1498. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SHEEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
, 1 snuff-box, value 10s, the goods of Sir


                           Richard Downs 
                           Jackson
                        




                     
                  , Knight of the Bath, from his person
            .
SIR 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  DOWNS JACKSON
               



            , K.B. On the 21st of July I was at the door of my own house in Hind-street


 - a man came and asked if I had lost any thing; I felt my pocket and missed my silver snuff-box - I had walked from Portman-square; I believe it was about four or five o'clock; I had used it about five minutes before I entered Portman-square - I saw the box again when it was picked up, by the man who told me of my pocket being picked; I saw the prisoner in Manchester-square - he got up, ran, and threw something away; I cannot say what it was, but I am sure it was the prisoner who threw it away - he had been sitting on the rails in the square.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . On the 21st of July I was in Manchester-square, and saw the prisoner following a gentleman; the prosecutor then passed - the prisoner put his hand into his pocket and took something out; I went and told the prosecutor, who went with me round the corner of the square - the prisoner was then sitting down; he jumped up and threw down this snuff-box - I took it up, and took the prisoner, who was then running; I took him down to the watch-house - I gave the box to an officer.


                  JAMES 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I was passing through Mauchester-square about six o'clock in the evening - heard Stop thief! called, and saw the prisoner throw away the snuff-box; I caught him, and went down to the watch-house with him.


                  CHARLES 
                  LAUGHTON
               



            . I received a snuff-box from Roberts: this is it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
