





754. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     HARWOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of February
, 2 spoons, value 13s.; 1 table-cloth, value 3s.; 1 coat, value 12s.; and 1 pair of trousers, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Matthew 
                           Proctor
                        




                     
                  ; and that she had before been convicted of felony
            .


                  ANN 
                  PROCTOR
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Proctor
               



             and live at No. 168 1/2, High-street, Shadwell


. In October last the prisoner came into my service, and on the 18th of February I went to my wardrobe, and missed a tablecloth; I spoke to the prisoner about it - she said it would be found in the house; I then missed a suit of clothes which she had been employed to brush, they had been left in my charge, and belonged to a youth who was gone to sea; I afterwards received some duplicates.
GEORGE CURTIS. I live in Church-row, St. George's and am a pawnbroker. I have a pair of trousers, a coat a table-spoon, and tea-spoon, pawned by the prisoner a different times - the first was on the 20th of November; they all amount to 1l. 8s. 8d.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I was in the habit of assisting my own family with my wages.
MRS. PROCTOR. She told me so; there were no wages due to her - she was paid by the month; I told her I wished her to lay out her wages for herself.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DICKINSON
               



             (Police-constable H 11.) I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office; I was present at her trial, and know she is the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
