







1562. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MANLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of September

, 1 gelding, value 6l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           How
                        



                     
                  , and 1 saddle, value 2s., and 1 bridle value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Montgomery
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SOOKERS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     COOKE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , against the statute, &c.


                  JAMES 
                  HOW
               



            . I live at Brentford



, and am a jobber
; I know the prisoner Manley; he is a sweep
 - our yard and his master's premises join together - I had a gelding, it was working on the 9th of September, till six o'clock in the evening, I then put it into the stable - while I was feeding it, Manley came in and said, I fed my horse on good corn; I said, I did, for he had done a hard day's work that day, and he would have to do a harder still to-morrow, as he had to go to Welling, which is nearly sixty miles; I then shut up the stable, and he went out - I went to the stable again about eleven o'clock - the horse was safe and well - I shut the stable door, turned a button and knocked a pin in with a hammer - about half-past five o'clock the next morning, I got up to go on my journey; I found the stable door open, and the horse was gone - the halter was left hanging where I had tied it - I went about in different directions myself, and my wife, and children - I did not hear of the gelding till nine o'clock, when I was told, he had gone by the Pigeons, with a sweep upon him, at full drive - I set off and walked on to Whitechapel - I made inquiries but could not hear of him - the horse wasbrought to me the next day in Lambeth-street, Whitechapel - it was the one I had lost, and worth 6l.


                  CHARLES 
                  THWAITES
               



            . I am a ribbon-dresser by trade, and live at No. 1, Hartshorn-court. On the 10th of September, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, I saw Manley come riding on the horse to 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Cooke
               



            , his mother; the horse was standing then in the court for three or four hours - I saw Cooke's little girl go round to Sookers' twice, but he was not at home - when Sookers came home, I heard his wife say, "Mrs. Cooke wants you;" he went round to Cooke's; and in the course of an hour or two, Manley and his brother came down the court with a horse - I went and asked Sookers whose horse it was; he said it was Manley's he believed, but his mother had authorised him to sell it - I asked Manley where he got it; he said he had been sweeping round the country, and had exchanged the soot for the horse; he said he had brought it twenty miles, but he had a note that would satisfy anybody who bought it - they went down Golden-lane, and I saw some persons come out and look at the horse; in the evening they came home - I asked Sookers if he had sold it; he said yes, and they had given him 1s. 6d., and he had given them 2s. for the old saddle and bridle, to make pads for his donkey; I said he had given them more than the saddle was worth - the next day I saw two men come to Sookers, who said the horse was stolen, and if he would return the money, nothing would come of it; otherwise the horse would be sent into the country - Sookers said, "It was not mine, I will take you to the person I had it of" - he went there but they were not at home - in coming back he saw Manley in a public-house, and told him it was stolen - he said, "Pooh, pooh, I will go into the country where I got it from."
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. What time have you known Sookers'? A. Fifteen years; he has had a good character - the horse was exposed in an open manner.


                  JAMES 
                  VENABLES
               



            . I am a butcher and salesman. I was at Cow-cross and saw a horse led by Sookers; I asked the price; he said, 40s. - it was blind, broken-winded, and very poor - I told him to take it to my stable; and he did, and my lad paid him for it - I bought it openly - I did not say if the money was returned, the horse would be returned - the prosecutor came the next day and described the horse; it was then gone to Southall - it was afterwards taken to Lambeth-street; it was the same horse as I bought.


                  EDWARD 
                  M'DOUGAL
               



             (City police-constable No. 78). I took Manley and Sookers - Sookers said he would go with me anywhere - I found the bridle and saddle at Sookers'.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MONTGOMERY
               



            . I lost this saddle and bridle the same day the horse was lost - I had seen it safe the night before in the room where Manley slept; he is a servant of mine - these shoes are mine; he took them from my bed-side while I was asleep - he behaved very well with me.
Manley. I am sorry for what I have done; the others are innocent.
MANLEY - GUILTY. Aged 15.




               Recommended to Mercy on account of his good character by the Prosecutor and Jury
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SOOKERS
               



             - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  COOKE
               



             - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
