





1373. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     FORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of May
, 1 shirt, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Arnold
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  ARNOLD
               



            . I am a labourer
, and live at Newington-green


. On the 23rd of May I washed out a shirt, and put it out on a hedge to dry, at a quarter before eleven o'clock - I have never seen it since; I have seen the prisoner, but do not know what he is.


                  LUKE 
                  HAMMOND
               



            . I am a watchman of Tottenham. I saw the shirt on the hedge, and the prisoner took it from there, about a quarter after two o'clock in the day - I was about one hundred yards from him, against my cottage; he put it under his jacket - he went about five hundred yards with it, and I followed him; he looked round, and saw I was going after him - he kneeled down, and put the shirt into his breeches; I went and asked him why he took that shirt - he said he had not got it, and if I said he had I was a liar, and he would knock me down; he went into his mother's - I sent the prosecutor for a constable; the prisoner came out and ran away - I could not follow him, but he was taken on the 2nd of June; I did not know I was authorised to take him - he is a desperate character, and I did not like to meddle with him.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q.Have you always given the same account of this? A. Yes; I know Wildsmiths - I have seen them since the prisoner was taken; I did not say that I did not see any one take the shirt, but that I saw it on the hedge, and in a few minutes I saw the prisoner come through the field.


                  JOHN 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I saw the prosecutor wash his shirt, and hang it on the hedge; I saw the prisoner take it, and put it under his jacket - I followed him with the witness; he kneeled down, and put it into his breeches - we asked him for it, and he said he would knock us down; he went to his mother's, and we sent for the officer; he then came out and ran away - I was afraid of him, and did not like to take him.
Cross-examined. Q. Why did not you take him? A. I was afraid; I had not an officer with me - this was on the 23rd of May.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
