






Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.


                  THOMAS 
                  CASTLES
               





             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BRADLEY
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Joshua 
                        Bouchard
                     




                  , on the 25th of February
, at St. Matthew, Bethnal-green


, and stealing therein two watch chains, value 8d.; 1 seal, value 2d.; and 2 ear-rings, value 6d., his property
            .
JOSHUA BOUCHARD. I live at No. 127, Brick-lane


, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green. I am a tobacconist
 - my windows were cut by some instrument outside, and the property taken - the upper part of the window was cracked - I was not at home when it was done.


                  JOHN 
                  DORSET
               



            . I live in Grey Eagle-street, Spitalfields. I know the prisoners - I saw them on the 25th of February, at half-past ten o'clock at night, at the prosecutor's shop window - Bradley was nearest to the window - I saw him with his hand, as if he was screwing something out of the window - Castles was walking backwards and forwards to another person, who stood on the pavement, and who is not taken into custody - I passed on, and walked up Brick-lane again, and saw a policeman, and gave him information - I walked by them again, and turned my head round - they saw me look at them, and both walked away together - and the policeman took them into custody - I do not know what became of the third man.


                  CHARLES 
                  EAST
               



            . I am a police-constable. On the 25th of February, Dorset gave me information - I was on duty in Church-street, Bethnal Green - at the top of Brick-lane - I walked down until I came within two doors of the prosecutor's shop, and saw the prisoner Bradley stooping down to the window, and Castles walking backwards and forwards, about a yard each way - Bradley was stooping down with his hands to the window; but, what he was doing, I could not see - I crossed over, and both the prisoners then came from the window, and came towards me - I immediately seized them both, and took them into Mr. Harper's, the baker's shop, in Brick-lane - I searched Bradley, and found on him a steel chain, a metal seal, and a pair of ear-rings - but, on Castles, I found nothing belonging to the prosecutor - I took them to the station-house, with the assistance of my brother officer - I afterwards went back to the prosecutors, and saw a pane of glass broken - the putty seemed as if a sharp instrument had been put in, to break the window - I do not consider sufficient of the glass was gone, for a man to put his hand through - the prosecutor's daughter gave me a piece of wire, crooked at the end - I have it here.


                  PATRICK 
                  HENNESSY
               



            . I am a policeman. I was present when East had the prisoners in custody - I searched Castles - I took him to the station-house, and found on him two seals and a chain, concealed under the waistband of his trowsers, close to the small of his back - the seals were on the chain.


                  MARIA 
                  BOUCHARD
               



            . I am the daughter of the prosecutor - this steel chain is my father's, and this seal I know - they were in the window on the 12th of February - I know this metal chain was my father's - the two seals on it arenot my father's - Mr. Harper's lad gave me this wire, and I gave it to my father - East was not present - I know the steel chains - I had seen them in the window on the Saturday, they were taken on Tuesday - the window was cracked before - the policeman alarmed me about half-past ten o'clock, and I found the window broken.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARPER
               



            . I live in Brick-lane. I was in my shop - the constable brought the prisoner in, and I saw them searched - in about a quarter of an hour after they were gone, I found a piece of wire on the floor - before they came in I had not noticed the floor for some hours - I gave it to Thomas Smeaton, desiring him to take care of it, in case it might be wanted.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMEATON
               



            . I received the wire from my master- I saw him pick it up - it remained in my possession till next morning; I then gave it to Miss Bouchard - I had swept the floor half an hour before the prisoners came in- the wire was not there then - a great many other persons had been in the shop.
CHARLES EAST. I saw nothing of the wire, I had not dropped it there.
PATRICK HENNESSY. I saw nothing of the wire - I did not leave it there - the metal chain was found on Castles.
JOSHUA BOUCHARD re-examined. This steel chain belongs to me - this seal, and these two ear-rings, and this metal chain, belong to me - I went out about a quarter after nine o'clock that day, and was returning home, when I met the policeman - the window was safe when I went out - I looked at it when I came home - if the glass had been out, they could not have put a hand in, as I have a guard, but this wire could reach all the things out - this metal chain found on Castles is mine.
Castles. When I was taken into the shop I had the metal chain and two seals tied to my fob, and the policeman never took them from me.
PATRICK HENNESSY re-examined. I took it from him with the two seals attached to it.
Castles' Defence. He said the young girl gave him the wire, and she denies it. I bought the chain.
C. EAST. The girl gave me the wire herself.
MARIA BOUCHARD. I gave it to my father.
JOSHUA BOUCHARD. My daughter gave me the wire. I was going out on business - I told my daughter I would leave it on a book on my desk, and if the policeman came, to give it to him - the policeman called for it, and either Smeaton or my daughter gave it to him.


                  FRANCES 
                  ROSEE
               



            . I live at No. 88, Hare-street, Bethnal-green - I deal in clothes, and sometimes other things, in Petticoat-lane - about ten weeks ago, I sold Castles a chain like that, but there are so many hundreds alike, it is impossible to say this is it - as far as I can take my oath, it was exactly like this, there was no seals to it - he put two seals on it - a woman brought me to the dock to see if I could identify him as the man, and I could - I know him because he asked me to give him a stoutish pin, I gave him one, and he pinned the chain to his fob - I thought it strange to buy a chain without a watch, which made me notice him - this happened at my stall in Petticoat-lane.
Castles. The seals belong to my father - the prosecutor would have sworn to them before the magistrate, if I had not said so.
JOSHUA BOUCHARD re-examined. I said I thought one of the seals was like what was in my window, but I did not like to swear to it - a great many more things were missing from my window - I do not swear to the seals.
WILLIAM CASTLES. I am the brother of the prisoner - I can take my oath I saw that chain in my brother's fob before he was taken, and the two seals belong to my father - he had the chain in his possession a fortnight before he was taken - I did not see him buy it - he has worn the seals ten years - my father is alive, but is not here.
Castles. Dorset went to my mother and said, if she would pay him his expenses he would not come against me.
JOHN DORSET re-examined. I did not do so - ever since they have been in custody their friends have come backwards and forwards to me to bribe me not to come, but I would not listen to it - they have threatened me even in the yard - I belonged to the Hampshire militia - Mr. Alderman Wood was the colonel - I was out four days, and Castles' friends charge me with being a deserter.
CASTLES* - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
BRADLEY - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
Of Stealing only. - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
