



720. 




SAMUEL HALL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of February, at 
St. Gregory by St. Paul, 1 watch, value 9l. 9s.; 1 split ring, value 1s.; and 2 watch-keys, value 6d.; the goods of 



Christopher Walton, in his dwelling-house.






JOHN BOSHER
. On the 14th of February, I was fit the service of Mr. Walton, a jeweller, at 24, Ludgate-street, in the parish of St. Gregory by St. Paul. About half-past seven o'clock in the evening, about five minutes after Mr. Walton went up stairs, the prisoner came into the shop, and asked if we kept common metal watches—I told him "No"—he pointed to a silver watch in a case, and asked what that was—I said it was silver—he asked the price—I said, "Ten guineas"—after pausing a little while, he said that was the watch for him; and looking lower down the case, pointed to a gold one, and asked if that was not metal—I said no, it was gold—he asked me to allow him to see it—I took it out and gave it to him—he told me to go up stairs, and ask Mr. Walton if he had any common metal watches—I said I was sure he did not keep them—he said the gold watch was a very old-fashioned one, which it was—he went to the door, and called out "George," and nodded his head, as if he wanted somebody to come and look at it—he ran off with the watch, and I ran after him—he ran straight across the road, down St. Paul's Church-yard and Dean's-court—I heard the watch drop from him in Carter-lane, just as the watchman stopped him—I did not pick it up—I saw him secured—I am quite certain he is the man.





CHARLES KERRIDGE
. I am an officer of Castle Baynard. I heard a cry of "Stop thief," in St. Paul's Church-yard, about half-past seven o'clock—I saw the prisoner running from Ludgate-hill, the witness after him—he ran down Dean's-court, turned to the right, towards Carter-lane, and opposite Wardrobe-place I took hold of his collar, and then the watch dropped from him—I saw it picked up—I have it here.





CHRISTOPHER WALTON
. I am a jeweller, and live on Ludgate-hill. This watch belongs to me, and was in my shop five minutes before—it is gold—it is worth nine guineas—the gold, by weight, is worth 6l. 10s.

Prisoner. A gentleman took the watch up, and asked who owned it—it never dropped from me.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Life.

Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.

Before Mr. Baron Bolland.
