




1500. 




JAMES BRADY
 and 




HENRY TYRRELL
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Edward Protheroe, about the hour of three in the night of the 
22nd of April, at 
St. George, Hanover-square, with intent to steal, and stealing therein I window-curtain, value 1s., his property.






STEPHEN FALLWELL
. I am groom to Mr. Edward Protheroe, who is a single gentleman, living in Chapel-street, Grosvenor-square, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. On the night of the 22nd of April I went to bed about half-past ten o'clock, in the back-room, on the same floor as the street-door is on—I had seen all the doors and windows safe before I went to bed—the kitchen window was fastened with a snap—I was alarmed about twenty minutes after three o'clock in the morning—I called the lad who sleeps in the next room—he went to the front-door, and the policeman gave him information—I went to the door myself and let the policeman in—he went down stairs and opened the kitchen door—I found part of the panel of the inside window-shutter cut out, the window pushed up, and the curtain taken away which had hung between the window and the shutter—nothing else was missing—a pane of glass was broken in the window to open the hasp—I went with the policeman into the area, and found the two prisoners concealed in the coal-hole under the street—after they were taken to the station-house we found a dark lantern, a box of lucifer matches, and a very large spring back-knife, and the curtain was in one corner of the coal-hole—the window was fastened by a spring catch.

Cross-examined by
MR. PATNE. Q. You found the prisoners outside the window, did you not? A. Yes, they had not got into the house—I found all the doors fastened—the hole in the window broken was about half the size of the palm of my hand—the hasp was pulled back—I had fastened the shutters and windows the night before—master had come home after I went to bed—he lets himself in when he comes from the House of Commons—the shutter is about two inches from the window—I found the window pushed up as far as it would go—part of the panel of the shutter was cut out and taken away—I know nothing about the parish except from what my master told me.





WILLIAM KENT
. I am a policeman. I was on duty on the night of the 22nd of April in Chapel-street, which is in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square—I was passing the prosecutor's house, and observed a pane of glass broken in the kitchen window, and the window lifted up—I waited till I obtained the assistance of a constable, and alarmed the inmates—I went down with the groom, and found part of the panel of the shutter cut—I found the two prisoners in the coal-hole, and took them into custody—I saw nobody at the window—the curtain was handed over to me by sergeant Pullen, in Falwell's presence.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know the parish? A. I have always understood it to be St. George, Hanover-square—I got my information from the superintendent at the station-house since this occurred—I have been

a policeman nearly four years, and have very frequently acted in that part of the town—I do not know the exact boundaries of the parish.





STEPHEN FALLWELL

re-examined. I found this dark lantern in the corner of the coal-hole, where they were concealed, and these parts of the panel of the shutter—I compared them—the curtain was put behind a tub—this knife and box of lucifer matches were also in the coal-hole.

Cross-examined. Q. Did either of the prisoners appear in liquor? A. No—nothing was said then about a hat haying fallen over the area—it was said at the office—nothing was found on the prisoners that I am aware of.

BRADY—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

TYRRELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.
Of stealing only.—



Transported for Seven Years.
