





626. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRIS
               




             was indicted, for that 


               he having in his custody and possession, a Bill of Exchange, for the payment of 30l., (setting it forth at three months after date, drawn by 
                     
                        William 
                        Harris
                     



                   upon William Dobson, Albany-street, Camberwell); afterwards, on the same day, feloniously did forge thereon, an acceptance thereof, with intent to defraud 
                     
                        William 
                        Dobson
                     



.
2nd COUNT. For feloniously uttering the like forged acceptance with like intent.
Two other Counts, stating his intent to defraud 
               
                  Robert 
                  Disher
               



            .
Four other Counts, omitting to set out the forged instrument.
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the Prosecution.


                  WALTER 
                  CHARLES VENNING
               



            . I am an attorney. I had to recover a sum of money on a Bill of Exchange on the prisoner and one Gee - I sued Gee upon it for Robert Disher of Edinburgh - the prisoner called on me in consequence, and proposed to me to take his own warrant of attorney, and the acceptance of a Mr. William Dobson, for the amount, as security for the demand - he stated that Dobson lived at No. 18, Albany-road, Camberwell, and to be in the service of his Majesty's Excise, and also to be his own brother-in-law - he referred me to a Mr. 
               
                  Carpenter 
                  Smith
               



            , a solicitor in the Borough, and to 
               Mr. Scully
            , a soap-manufacturer at Bermondsey, as to the stability of Dobson - the Bill of Exchange was to be given for 30l. - he stated Dobson to be in the receipt of about 140l. a-year - after four or five days, during which I had made inquiry, he called on me again - I drew this bill, addressing it to William Dobson,(producing it) and handed it him to procure the acceptance of Dobson - he came to me about four days afterwards, and handed me the bill in its present state, apparently accepted by William Dobson - he said nothing more about Dobson - other persons were with him, and the person who was negotiating the business for him came with him to execute the warrant, and handed over the bill - a warrant of attorney was executed, and the bill delivered by the prisoner, and he endorsed it - upon that proceedings in the action were stayed - the bill became due on the 12th of February - it had been handed to my client - it is now in my hand unpaid - two sums of 6l. each have been paid on account of the warrant of attorney.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How much is there unpaid? A. 18l.; the sums were paid to me - I do not know whether I gave any receipt for them - we commonly write the amount off on the instrument - I always give a receipt when requested - the warrant was filed in the proper office - I do not know whether I wrote the sums off on the warrant - I presume I did - I may be wrong - I did not know it was material, and am not able to say - I recollect that 12l. was paid.
COURT. Q. You have stated that he paid two sums of 6l., how is it that you recollect that, as you do not recollect giving any receipt? A. I know those two sums were paid to me at my office.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was anybody present? A. I do not know - these sums are entered in my book - I have not my books here - I am constantly referring to them - I have not looked at them to satisfy myself about these two sums- the first sum was paid the latter end of November or beginning of December - the second, I think, two or three weeks afterwards.

Q. Are you not in the habit of giving vouchers for sums paid you? A. Yes; I usually write sums off on a warrant of attorney, but do not recollect whether we did so in this case - I have not looked at it to ascertain - there was 18l. due - the bill was for 30l. - I do not know Dobson - I never spoke to him - the warrant of attorney is field in the office at the Court of King's Bench - it has been out of my possession since December or January.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You field the warrant in December? A. Yes; there is an Act of Parliament, obliging me to file a warrant of attorney - I had not any idea that the bill was forged, at the time it was given to me.


                  THOMAS 
                  RICHARDSON TRAPPS
               



            . I am a drysalter, living in Leadenhall-street - I was at Mr. Venning's at the time the bill was given by the prisoner - the prisoner and Mr. Gee wrote on the warrant of attorney - the prisoner told me an action had been brought against him and Mr. Gee, by Venning and Co. - and, as I knew Messrs. Venning, he asked me if I would go and stop the action - I went and spoke to Mr. Venning - the prisoner said, if I could stop the action, he would give the acceptance of his brother-in-law, Mr. Dobson - and it was in consequence of that, the bill was given - I was present when the bill was drawn, and when it was given to Mr. Venning, as being accepted (looking at it) - I have known Mr. Dobson about fifteen months, and have seen him write several times - I have endorsed this bill myself; but, at the time, did not look at the acceptance - I have seen Dobson write repeatedly; and on close examination, I do not believe it to be his handwriting.
Cross-examined. Q. You endorsed it without seeing whether it was accepted? A. Yes; I knew I was rendering myself liable - I saw it was accepted, but did not scrutinize the acceptance - I looked at the name - I endorsed the bill to oblige the prisoner - as Mr. Venning said if I endorsed it, he would take it - I read the name in which it was accepted - I never satisfied myself whether it was a genuine signature, or not - I was merely doing a friendly action to serve the prisoner - I knew the prisoner and Dobson were related - I did not know they were intimate - I had not known Dobson's handwriting particularly well - but I have seen him write several times since that, and before.
COURT. Q. Has he been writing in your presence, and called your attention to his writing since, desiring you to look at his writing? A. I have seen him write since - I do not know that he has written in my presence, and called my attention to it since this - I have seen him write two or three times since - I will swear I have seen him write three times.
Q. Did he write for the very purpose of your seeing his handwriting? A. He has certainly.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did the prisoner produce the Bill of Exchange? A. Yes - it did not enter into my mind that it was a forgery - I believed it was a genuine bill, and put my name on it without examining it particularly - I am now of opinion it is not Dobson's handwriting - he wrote several times in my presence, before the bill was in existence - he has since written in my presence, that I might be able to prove it hereafter, (within these two months) - if he had not done that, I should have given the same evidence exactly as I do now - that I do not believe it to be his handwriting, having seen him write previously.


                  JOHN 
                  GEE
               



            . I was a party to a Bill of Exchange, and was in some trouble concerning it - I am a party to the bill in question, also, as an endorser - I do not know the handwriting of Dobson.
WILLIAM DOBSON. This Bill of Exchange is not my handwriting - I never accepted this bill, nor authorized or empowered the prisoner to accept it - I knew nothing of it till it was presented to me and refused payment.
Cross-examined. Q. What line of life are you in? A. An officer of Excise, and have been so thirty-three years- I am not always in want of money - at one time I was not- I am at present, and have been so of late years rather - I have been a party to Bills of Exchange, but only for my brother-in-law; on no other occasion - I certainly accepted some Bills of Exchange for him, but not latterly - I never made a trade of accepting bills - I began to accept Bills of Exchange, I suppose, about three years ago or four years, between three and four - I will swear I did not begin so long as five years ago - I have accepted small bills, you may say twenty years ago - I do not suppose I have accepted two bills for twenty years till four years ago - can I recollect twenty years ago? - I swear to the best of my recollection I have not accepted ten bills, but I will not say positively - the two acceptances were small ones - I do not recollect the sums - I do not recollect these things after they are past - I have accepted about eight or nine bills for the last five years - it is not fifteen or twenty - it is not much more than half fifteen - I cannot swear to any number I have accepted - the prisoner is the only person I have accepted for - I do not mean the only person in the world - I have accepted for four or five more, I should suppose, besides him - they were bills for 5l. or 6l., for tradesmen - that would not distress me to pay - my salary in the Excise is 120l. a year - I am a married man, and have one child - I have accepted bills, where I have received no value, a great many times, rather too many times for me - I was obliged to pay them - I have accepted them out of friendship, where I have got no value, five or six times, chiefly for my brother-in-law - I have accepted none for the last half-year.
Q. Did you not tell me, that within the last five years, you accepted five or six bills for persons; not your brother-in-law? A. No; for people in trade who I dealt with - the largest sum I have accepted for, I may say, was about 10l. or 11l., not 20l. - I have accepted a bill for Mr. Collins, a cheesemonger, within the last twelve months - I dealt with him - I owed him money, and gave him that bill - I never accepted bills, where I did not own money, except for my brother-in-law - I have accepted about twelve bills for my brother-in-law - I do not mean to swear positively I have not accepted more than that, but to the best of my recollection, 50l., was the largest sum I ever accepted for him, and for which I got no value - I have stood accountable for the bills, and given security for them - I have mortgaged some land for it which I have at Merton, in Surrey - I have about half an acre there, and a house upon it.
Q. Have the kindness to tell me whether you did not very lately accept a 40l. bill? A. I do not recollect that Idid - I paid a bill to the butcher nearly a year ago - the prisoner was a party to that bill - I was not the accepter - I think Gee was - there have been bill transactions between the prisoner and Gee - I have not seen my wife here tonight.
COURT. Q. You say you have had bill transactions with Gee? A. Yes: I suppose he has seen me write - he has received bills of me, and acted on them.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. A good many; six or eight? A. No - he must have seen some, of course - he saw the one the prisoner was sued on, no doubt, as he was the accepter - I should think Gee has held about two bills to which I have been a party, or three at the farthest - he did not discount any of my bills at any time - I cannot tell whether he endorsed any - he only accepted the one I have talked of - the prisoner had drawn the bill - Gee accepted it, and I endorsed it - we were all upon that bill - we were not together when it was drawn - he saw Harris afterwards- the bill was produced, and of course he saw my handwriting on it - there was one or two more bills with my handwriting, which he saw, and which I conversed with him about - I do not think he had more than one or two(we will say three, at a guess) on which my handwriting was, and to which Gee was a party - he might have been drawer or endorser, for what I remember - I cannot mention the amount of the bills - I was liable for them - I mortgaged the land at Merton for 200l.; but there have been mortgages on it since - I suppose the whole mortgages are about 450l. - I made the last mortgage about two months ago, before this transaction arose - I had accounts to make up, which made me mortgage - I had one bill out for 50l. - I had bills I was answerable for for the prisoner - I had accepted them - I think the last bill I accepted for him was about May or June - it was about 25l., I believe.
Q. Was your wife ever present at a conversation about bills? A. Not that I remember - there was a 30l. bill offered last June, and she persuaded me not to accept it; and I never accepted one since - she might have been present at conversations between the prisoner and myself about Bills of Exchange, but not lately - she has been present at times, but not for six months - she might formerly.
Q. Have you not in her presence, before the last six months, given the prisoner permission to use your name - on your solemn oath? A. No, I never did, or why should I refuse that Bill of Exchange? - I have never given him authority to accept bills for me to any amount, not to my knowledge or belief - I will swear I did not - I do not recollect any thing of the kind - I should be quite beside myself to do so - I swear I did not authorize any person - I never gave the prisoner authority to sign my name as acceptor or party to a bill - I never knew of his doing so- my wife never did it in my presence with my consent - I am not at present living with my wife - we have been separated a few weeks probably - I have come here from Horsemonger-lane Gaol, where I am on account of his bills and one thing or another - I have not been separated from my wife through any disagreement.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. The prisoner is your wife's brother? A. Yes - I have accepted bills for him when I have had no consideration for them - it is about four years ago since I began accepting bills for his accommodation - I could pay my way well before that; but since that I have become less able to pay my way, and do justice to my creditors - I have been responsible for this man - in June last I determined to accept no more bills for him - I was then obliged to mortgage my property to cover the different securities I had engaged in for him - I had had that property six or eight years - before I got involved in bill transactions for him, I did not think of mortgaging it - I lived within my income until then - I have lived apart from my wife merely on account of being in prison; that is the only reason - we still, I hope, agree - she has interfered, on the prisoner's behalf, with me, since this happened - she came to me about it - it is natural enough - she has done so.
Q. Now, I ask you again, though she is capable of being called, did you ever, in her presence, in any way, give this man leave to write your name in any way whatever? A. I did not - I never heard or knew of this bill till it was presented for payment.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FIDLER
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Ridley and Osmond, attornies - I know Dobson - I have seen him write very often - I am well acquainted with his handwriting, (looking at the acceptance) - I do not believe that to be his handwriting - I have seen him write for upwards of three years, very often.
MR. VENNING re-examined. I received the bill from the prisoner at my office, No. 2, Bucklersbury, in the City.
Prisoner's Defence (written)."Mr. Dobson, the principal witness against me, has been on terms of the greatest intimacy with me for years; and even, placed in the situation I am, I envy him not his feelings, after appearing here, and giving the evidence he has done this day."


                  HARRIETT 
                  FLEMING DOBSON
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I have known my husband and my brother to be concerned in bill transactions - drawing, accepting, and endorsing bills - it is about twelve months ago, since I first remember their being first concerned in bill transactions - I have been married to Mr. Dobson about five years - my brother kept a public-house in Rosemary-lane for about a twelvemonth - I have been present several times when my husband and my brother have been talking about Bills of Exchange - they were very friendly and intimate together, and about last August twelvemonth, my brother came to ask my husband the favour of putting his name to a bill; and he gave his consent for him to do so for him - he asked him to put his name to a bill - I cannot exactly say his words - he gave his word that he would - he promised to accept the bill for him - I do not know whether the bill was produced - the prisoner asked him to accept the bill - my husband told him to do it himself, and that would answer the same purpose.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. This man is your brother? A. Yes; he asked my husband to accept a bill - my husband told him to accept it himself, for that would do as well - this passed last August twelvemonths, at No. 18, Albany-road - my husband has been sued, and brought to considerable difficulties since that, by accepting bills for my brother - he is not ruined.
Q. Have you been to him in prison to beg him to vary his evidence, and not to hurt your brother? I have.

COURT. Q. Do you know of your husband having accepted other bills to which the prisoner was not a party? A. Yes; I do not know that my husband refused to accept any more bills for my brother - I do not recollect my brother applying, and my husband refusing to accept any more bills for him - my husband has not, to my knowledge, refused to accept bills for the prisoner - I swear I never heard him refuse - I know nothing about it any further - it is very seldom I have been present when my husband has been asked to accept bills for him - I have not heard him refuse to accept bills for him - it may be four or five months ago since I last saw the prisoner in my husband's presence - I cannot tell whether they have been in company for the last four, five, or six months - I was living with my husband till he went to prison, about a month since - I have not seen the prisoner at our house for five months, but he has been, I believe- I have heard of his being there - I never asked my husband not to accept a bill for the prisoner - I will swear that.
(
               
                  Edward 
                  Smith Weddle
               



            , bookseller and engraver, 114, Prospect-row; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Fairhead
               



            , bricklayer and builder, No. 5, Bear-yard, Lincolns-inn-fields; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Musgrave
               



            , widow, No. 5, Holborn; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Fleet
               



            ; 
               
                  William 
                  Bristow Sterry
               



            , sail-maker, Bermondsey, gave the prisoner a good character.)




               GUILTY. Aged 39. - Strongly recommended to mercy on account of his previous good character
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
