




333. 




HENRY BROWN
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
29th of November, at 
St. Mary, Lambeth, Surrey, 1 pocket-book, value 1s.; 1 £20 Bank-note, and 2 £5 Bank-notes; the property of 



Joseph George Morris, from his person; and 





MARY ANN WILTON
 was indicted for

 feloniously receiving 1 £5 Bank-note, on the same day and at the same parish, part and parcel of the said notes, well knowing them to hare been feloniously stolen.—2nd COUNT, for feloniously receiving the said note of a certain evil-disposed person.






WILLIAM TULLEY
. I am clerk to Thomas Somers Cox and Co., bankers, at Charing-cross. On the 2nd of December I received a £5 Bank of England note, dated the 1st of February, 1834—it is not usual for the bank to issue two notes of the same number and date—I believe it was No. 6954—I received it from a shopman of Edward Beasley, who keeps in accouat with us—it was paid in with other money on his account—he lives at No. 5, Chapel-street, Westminster, I believe—I know he lives in Chapel-street, Westminster, but do not know the number—this deposition (looking at it) is signed by me—I do not recollect swearing it was No. 5.





EDMUND BEASLEY
. I am a linen-draper, and live at No, 5, Chapel-street; Westminster. I received a £5 note from Richard Wood on Saturday evening, I think, the 29th of November—I sent it to Cox and Co., my bankers—I only sent one £5 note on that occasion.





RICHARD WOOD
. I am an apprentice to Mr. Beasley. I recollect the female prisoner coming to master's shop on Saturday, the 29th of November, and purchasing a shawl and other articles, which I have seen since—I believe these to be the goods, (looking at them,) but I have no mark on them, and cannot swear to them—she laid out between 24s. and 25s., and paid me a £5 note—the goods produced are the same sort and appearance—she bought a shawl of the same colour and appearance, and a print and stockings—to the best of my recollection this print is the same pattern, and the shawl has the same appearance—the stockings are the same colour—I gave the identical £5 note to Mr. Beasley which she gave me.

Wilton. I deny it—unless he takes a false oath, he cannot look at me and say I came to his shop and bought any such things. Witness. I have not the least doubt whatever of her—she is such a singular-looking person, nobody can mistake her—I did not mark the note in the hurry of business—I gave it to master immediately after taking it from her, within a minute—he was in a little back room adjoining the shop—I walked directly from her to him—it was between five and six o'clock—the shop was lighted with gas—I had no other £5 note in my possession at the same time.





FREDERICK GROSSMITH
. I am an Inspector of the police. The prisoners lived in Great Almonry, Westminster, together—on Monday, lst of December, I saw them in Tothill-street—I do not know of any business which the male prisoner follows—I never saw him at work—I frequently see him about the neighbourhood—I took Wilton into custody, on the 1st of December, and searched the lodgings in her presence—I found all the articles now produced lying on a table in her room, except the shawl, and that was on her back—I saw they were new things, and asked where she bought the shawl—she said she bought it in the Strand, but could not tell me the shop—I asked how she paid for the things, whether with a note or gold—she said she paid for them with two sovereigns which were given to

in the house—she said she had recently taken it out of pawn—it was not quite new—I never saw her wear it, though I have seen her five or six times a day—I asked her if she had paid a £5 note away any where—she said several times she had not.

Wilton. The gown he says I had redeemed, I wore on my back for three weeks before I was taken, constantly, which my landlady can prove—I had it on on Saturday and Sunday—the piece of cotton the linen-draper says we bought of him—I have a gown of it in pawn.





WILLIAM CLIFTON
 (police-constable B 50.) I saw the prisoners on Monday, the 1st of December, more than once, in Tothill-street, Westminster—I took Brown into custody, and found in the breast pocket of his coat, a pocket-book containing a £20 Bank of England note—I asked where he got it—he said he picked it up, at the foot of Westminster-bridge, on Saturday evening, which would be the 29th of November—this is it.





JAMES REYNOLDS
. I keep the Cock and Bottle, Lambeth-walk. I saw the prisoner Brown at my house between three and four o'clock on Saturday, the 29th of November—he brought in some sausages to be cooked—I have seen him before—a person in the tap-room sent out a £20 note to be changed—I looked at it, and took a memorandum of the indorsement of it—I declined changing it—there was "C. Weller" on the face of it—(looking at a note) this is the note—I took down the three figures that were on it, 30, 10, and 34—it was not an indorsement, but written on the face of it—William Lockhart, my waiter, took it back into the tap-room, and immediately after Morris, the prosecutor, came to the bar, and asked me to change the same £20 note—I refused, and then he produced a £5 note, and asked for change for that—I did not have that in my hand—I told him to put it into his pocket, and refused to change it—I asked him into the bar—he came in, and folded the notes up in his pocket-book, and tied it with a string—he went into the tap-room again, and in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes came to the bar, and said he had lost his pocket-book and notes—he went away—the prisoner had left the house previous to that—he had been sitting the nearest person to the prosecutor—he went, away before the prosecutor complained of his loss—he remained to eat the sausages, and had a glass of grog, and a cigar or something with the prosecutor—I did not know but they were all friends together.

Brown. I was not the nearest person to the prosecutor. Witness. He was—I am sure the £20 note found on the prisoner, is the one the prosecutor offered me to change.





WILLIAM LOCKHART
. I am waiter at the Cock and Bottle public-house. On Saturday, the 29th of November, Brown came into the tap-room and had some beef sausages with another man—shortly after, the prosecutor came in, and called for gin and water—he had two glasses, and after that he said, "Can you get me change of a £20 note?"—I said I would ask master—he put it into my hand—I took it to Mr. Reynolds, who called him out, and said he could not change it—shortly after the prosecutor came back, sat down, and went to sleep—the prisoner was then sitting the second man from the prosecutor—some time passed, and then he shifted his seat and sat next to the prosecutor—a little while after that the prisoner left the house—the prosecutor awoke, and found he had been robbed—I had the £20 note in my hand, but I did not notice it at all—a man like a coalheaver had been sitting by the prosecutor, at first—I was in and out of the room twenty or thirty times.





JOSEPH GEORGE MORRIS
. I live in High-street, Chatham. I went into

the Cock and Bottle on the 29th of November, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon—Brown was in the tap-room—I asked him to drink some gin and water which I was drinking—he was sitting next but one to me—I asked him to go out and buy me the cut of a dog's head, at a shop just by, which he did, and I gave him the change—I had more gin and water, and he drank with me—I got dozy, but before that I had given the waiter a £20 note to get changed for me—I had two £5 notes—I returned my £20, and two £5 notes to my pocket-book, and put it into my coat pocket—I got dozy, and was laying my head on my hand—I felt the tail of my coat move—I raised up a bit, and saw the prisoner sitting next to me—I shut my eyes again, and very shortly after put my hand down again—I found my pocket-book gone and the prisoner also.

Brown. When you first came in you asked me to drink, which I did—you called for a cigar, and it would not smoke—you asked me to go out and fetch you one, and I did—you asked me to drink again, and in about ten minutes sent me out to buy the cut of a dog's head, which was one shilling—I told you I was out of work—you gave me the rest of the change—three or four glasses were brought in, and one person went away—I sat smoking my pipe by myself for ten minutes. Witness. What you have said is correct—only one person sat between you and me—the prisoner shifted his seat after that—he fetched me a cigar and the dog's head—he was the only person sitting next to me when I lost my pocket-book.





JOHN MOON
. I live in Tothill-street, Westminster. I have known Wilton some years about the neighbourhood—about ten o'clock on Sunday morning, the 30th of November, she came to my bar with two females, and called for a quartern of gin—she tendered me a £5 note—I examined it, and asked her where she got it—she said a friend sent it her from the country, that I had changed one for her some years ago, and why would not I change that—I said I had a doubt about it, and I would not change it—I returned it to her, and she paid me for the gin in some other money—it was a very old note—Brown came in at the door two or three minutes after they came in—he just came inside the door, had some conversation with the women, and they all went away together—I think the women accidentally fell into her company, but Brown and the prisoner went away in company—they both talked to the two females while they were there.





JOSEPH GEORGE MORRIS

re-examined. This is the £20 note I had in my possession—I know it by the writing in front of it—I know the £5 note by its being torn at the corner, the same as mine was—that is all I know it by—I cannot say it is the same note—it was not torn so much as it is now—I am quite certain of the £20 note.

Wilton's Defence. I deny any knowledge of having offered the note to Moon—I was very much intoxicated, but I do not recollect having a note in my possession—I have no knowledge of having seen it—he knows I was very much intoxicated.





JOHN MOON

re-examined. She was not very drunk—she appeared rather so, and appeared crying.





EDWARD BEASLEY

re-examined. I did not put any mark on the £5 note Wood handed to me—it was an omission of his not putting an address—I cannot swear it is the note he paid me, but I swear the note he gave me I sent to the bankers, and I sent but one £5 note.

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Life.

WILTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined One Year.


Third Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

