




1403. 




ELLEN DWYER
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
21st of April, 1 watch, value 1l.; and 1 sovereign; the goods and monies of 



Thomas Bowen Morgan: and 




HENRY SHAMBROOK



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






THOMAS BOWEN MORGAN
. I live in Chalcroft-terrace, New-cut. On Saturday, the 21st of last month, I met the female prisoner at the Half-way House, in Webber-street, Southwark—I treated her with something to drink—I went with her to several public-houses, and then to a house in New-street, Lock's-fields—I gave her half-a-crown and a shilling, and went to bed with her—I put my watch into my fob, and put my trowsers under my pillow—I had a sovereign besides in the fob—I was in bed about three-quarters of an hour—I observed her hand under the pillow, where I had put my clothes—I took it down two or three times—after I had been some time with her, she wanted to go down, but said she would be back directly—she went down, and another woman came up, who desired me to leave, and on going out, I missed my watch and sovereign—I went back to the house with an officer, but the prisoner was gone.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What hour was it you met with her? A. Half-past eleven o'clock, on Saturday—I had drank at four or five public-houses, I dare say—I drank spirits mostly, but I was not tipsy—I had had some beer before I met her—I had put the sovereign into my fob just as I went into the house.





WILLIAM COCKRILL
 (police-constable L 108.) I was on duty in Westminster-bridge-road, about a quarter-past two o'clock in the morning of the 22nd of April, and saw Shambrook in company with three prostitutes, at the foot of the bridge—about a quarter-past three o'clock, in consequence of what I heard, I went to No. 15, Duck-lane, Westminster, and in the front room up stairs I found the two prisoners, and four other women—the two prisoners and two other women were on the bed—I said to my brother constable, "That is Dwyer"—I took her off the bed, but found nothing on her—my brother constable was searching Shambrook—he was very violent, and said he would not be searched—we brought him out, and felt something in his fob—he said it was his own property—we asked him to produce it—he would not—I was searching a girl, I left her, and came and took hold of his collar and left wrist, and my brother officer took the watch from his fob.

Cross-examined. Q. What made you say, "That is Dwyer?" A. From information I had from a woman named Clifton, who keeps the brothel—I never saw Shambrook before—I knew Dwyer well—Shambrook had been drinking, but I should not take him for a drunken man.





GEORGE CARTER
 (police-constable B 151.) A little after four o'clock, on Sunday morning, the 22nd of April, I saw the two prisoners, with four or five others, quarrelling in Duck-lane—about half-past five o'clock, I went with Cockrill, and apprehended them in the house, up stairs—Shambrook was violent—I asked him what he had got in his fob—he said, "Nothing but my property"—he became very violent—Cockrill came and took his hand,

and I took from his pocket this watch—I said, "Is this your property? '—he said, "Yes, give it me again"—I said, "If it is yours, you will have it again by-and-by, but you must go with me to the station-house"—he was very violent, and the girls fought—we were obliged to be very desperate with them—Sham brook had been drinking.
(Property produced and sworn to,)

Dwyer's Defence. I did not agree to stay with the man all night—I went away, and did not say I would come back—I never took the watch or the money.

DWYER—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

SHAMBROOK—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
