




440. The said 




MATTHEW CHANDLER
 and 



ANN PITT
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
1st of January, 41bs. weight of pork, value 2s., the goods of 



Henry Hancock, the master of the said 



Matthew Chandler.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN LANCASTER
. I am a policeman. On Monday, the 1st of January, I was watching at the prosecutor's, and saw the female prisoner come past the shop four or five times—I saw Chandler—after she had walked several times she came to the threshold, and Chandler took a piece of pork, which laid on the right hand side of the block, he wrapped it in his blue frock, and gave it to her—the pork was not weighed, and I am well aware there was no money passed—I followed, and asked what she had got—she said, "A piece of beef—I then took her to Fogg.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOAMS. Q. What time was it? A. quarter before eight o'clock.





JAMES FOGG
. I was watching the prosecutor's shop. Lancaster brought the prisoner Pitt to me, and said, "This woman says she has got some beef"—I opened the bundle and said, "This is a piece of pork, where did you get it?" she said, "At Mr. Hancock's"—I said, "What did you give?"—she said, "I do not know"—she then said, 1s., and slipped out of my arms and no away towards the shop—I secured her, and gave her to Lancaster, I then went to Chandler, and he accounted to Mr. Hancock for what he had sold—I said, "Have you sold any pork?"—he said, "No"—I said, "I stopped a woman with a piece"—he said, "I did gjve her a piece, but I meant to pay my master for it"—I said, "Why did you not pay with these 8s. I took from your pockets?"—he said no more.





HENRY HANCOCK
. I am the master of the shop. What Fogg has last stated is the fact—I have heard the woman is sister to Chandler.
(The prisoner Pitt received a good character.)

CHANDLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years more.

PITT—



GUILTY. Recommended to mercy by the Jury and Prosecutor.






Confined Six Months.


Fifth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

