



294. 




JAMES WILLIAMS
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of November, 1lb. of butter, value 1s., and 4 shillings, the goods and monies of 



James Dumain.






JOHN BAKER
. I am errand-boy to Mr. James Dumain, of Ashley-crescent, City-road, a cheesemonger. On the 16th of November the prisoner came in and ordered a pound of the best butter, to be sent to No. 18, Wenlock-row, with change for a five-shilling-piece—my master weighed it, and directed me to take it and 4s.—I had got within half-a-dozen footsteps of No. 18, Wenlock-row, when the prisoner met me, and asked if I was going to No. 18—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Give me the butter"—I gave him the butter and the 4s.—he gave me a crown-piece, and said, "Has your master any good cheese in cut?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Go and bring a pound"—I took the five-shilling-piece to my master, who said it was bad—I went back to No. 18, but the prisoner was gone, and no such person was known there—I remarked a niche on the edge of the crown-piece.





JAMES DUMAIN
. I recollect a person coming to my house and ordering a pound of butter, with change for a five-shlling-piece, on the 16th of November, to go to No. 18, Wenlock-row, but I did not notice the person—I sent it by the boy—I told him to take the money, and not to give any credit.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was any thing said about the delivery of the goods? A. Only to send them—I told the boy to take the butter and change, and bring the money—I do not know who lived at the house—I thought this man lived there, and I intended the butter should be taken to him—he is still in my debt.






MICHAEL SCANTLING
 (police-serjeant G 16.) I produce the five-shilling-piece which I got from Mr. Dumain—the boy marked it before I got it.





CHARLES CROUCHER
. I live at No. 18, Wenlock-row, and am occasionally a customer of Mr. Dumain's. I never sent for this butter and change, and never saw the prisoner, to my knowledge.





JOHN FIELD
. I am Inspector of counterfeit coin. This crown-piece is counterfeit.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
