



749. 




SAMUEL HAYES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of January, at 
St. Sepulchre, 1 purse, value 1s.; and 11 sovereigns; the goods and monies of 



Thomas Smith, from his person.


MR. DUNBAR
conducted the Prosecution.





THOMAS SMITH
. I live at Hatton, in Middlesex, near Hounslow, and carry on the bone-cutting business. I was in town on Tuesday, the 20th of January, near Smithfield, at the corner of St. John-street—I met the prisoner there—I never saw him before—he was alone—it was about two o'clock, or a little after—he asked me if that was Smithfield, pointing to Smithfield—I said it was—he asked me on what day the beast market was, and said he had come out of Lancashire to see his sister, and should like to know what day the market was held, that he might tell the conntrymen when he went back what day to bring their beasts there—he began conversing about the price of corn, and asked me to go and take a pint of ale—I had told him I had come from the country myself—we went into the Rose, and in a few minutes another man came in, who said he had come from Gloucestershire on some law business, and he had above £1500 come to him—he showed some papers, like notes in his hand—the prisoner told me to persuade him to keep his money close and not expose it; he said, as he was a near countryman of mine, he would be persuaded by me more than him—I persuaded him not to expose his money in company, and soon after the prisoner said he had some paper, and he had better wrap up his money, and put it in his fob—he pulled some paper out of his pocket, and gave it to the other to wrap up his money—he wrapped it up, and then the prisoner said he would wrap up his own money—then he asked me to put it into his fob-pocket for him—he had got no watch—I pushed it into his fob for him—he then gave me a bit of paper to wrap mine up—I pulled my purse out, and was folding it—just as I had folded over one fold, he snatched it out of my hand, and said, "Let me do it for you"—I had shown my money to him before that—he saw the size of my purse—I had eleven sovereigns in it—I had counted them not half an hour before, and I am sure it had eleven sovereigns in it—after taking it out of my hand he wrapped it up, as I thought, gave me back the paper, and told me to put it into my fob—I said I had not got one, and put it in my side-pocket—I did not know but I had got my purse and money—it was in his possession not a minute, I think—I supposed I had got my purse and sovereigns in the paper—the prisoner then said, "We will go now"—(this was within two minutes) and we went out together, and then parted just about where we had met—I was going to Wormwood-street, and turned back and left him at the corner of St. John-street—in about two minutes I pulled the paper out of my pocket, and examined it—I found in it instead of eleven sovereigns nine halfpence, and there was no purse—I had not been in company with any body but them, after they gave me the paper—I went to the public-house to see if the other man was there, but he was gone—I

made it known to the landlord, and gave information at the police-station—I saw the prisoner again on the 21st of February, in consequence of a letter, at Union-hall—the Magistrate told me to look round, and see if I could see the man who robbed me—I picked the prisoner out from about twenty persons who stood together—nobody had directed my attention to him—I am sure he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you been drinking in the public-house? A. Not more than I drank with him—we had two pints of ale, and, I believe, two glasses of gin-and-water—I was sober—I did not tell the Magistrate I had been tipsy—I had never seen the prisoner before—it was between two and three o'clock—I had been about my business in the fore part of the day—I had walked part of the way from Hatton, and rode part of the way in a cart—I had a pint of beer at Hammersmith—I was not in any other public-house—two waiters were examined at Guildhall—I did not describe the man as being pale—I believe I said he was a fair man—I never expressed a doubt of his being the man.

MR. DUNBAR. Q. Was it before the Magistrate you said that? A. Yes; at Union Hall—what I said was taken down in writing.





JAMES ANDREWS
 (police-constable M 45.) I had the prisoner in custody with another person, on the 13th of February, and owing to information I caused Smith to be written to, and he identified the prisoner in Union-hall—he picked him out from among twenty or more—nothing was said or done to point his attention to him, he pointed him out from his own judgment.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not he in the dock? A. No; not at the time—he was not behind the bar—the prosecutor knew there was a person under charge for a similar offence—he did not know the prisoner was the person—he was not among the prisoners, but quite away from them.





JAMES BATES
. I know the prisoner by sight—I have seen him at various times in Fleet-street, and in most parts of London, for the last three months—I should think he knew where Smithfield was.





THOMAS SMITH

re-examined. I was in his company about an hour altogether—there was nobody in the parlour besides the prisoner and the other man—the liquor was brought in to us—I applied to the landlord to know if he knew him—the other man had not my money in his possession at all.

Prisoner's Defence. He said I was a very delicate-looking man: and I was told before I went into the Court that the inspector had got him there to identify me—I never saw him before.





BENJAMIN RICHARDSON
. I am a waiter at the Rose, at Smith field. I was examined before the Magistrate at Guildhall—on the 20th of January, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, the prosecutor came to my master's in company with two gentlemen, apparently—the prisoner is not one of the persons who was with him—it was a stout, well-dressed man,—with dark whiskers—a dark man altogether, and fine looking in the face—I never saw the prisoner in my master's house, nor till I was at Guildhall.

JURY. Q. How were the gentlemen dressed? A. The stout man had dark clothes, but the other man I cannot say about, because he sat behind the table—I think I should know the stout man again if I saw him—I did not see the other.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You served the beer? A. Yes; and the stout man paid for it—I served them twice—there was nobody but them three in the house.






THOMAS SMITH

re-examined. I believe the prisoner paid for both pints of beer.





BENJAMIN RICHARDSON

re-examined. The prisoner is not the man who paid for the beer, I will swear positively—I know nothing about the prisoner.

MR. DUNBAR. Q. You do not know who sent for you to Guildhall? A. No; two officers came—I told the Magistrate he was not the man—the prisoner had no whiskers when he was before the Magistrate—his face was the same as it is now—Andrews was the officer before the Magistrate—I told the Magistrate I could not swear to either of the men.

Q. Did not you tell the Alderman you would not swear the prisoner was not the man, for you could not be certain of any of them but Smith? A. No more I am; I know the stout man.





JAMES ANDREWS

re-examined. The prisoner had whiskers before the Alderman, and has for the last two months—they were not very large.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you been round to instruct counsel since the trial began? A. Yes; when I heard the waiter go on as he did, which is highly improper—this is not a case got up by the police—I do not know that the inspector has retained counsel—Fagan spoke to me something about it—I do not know whether he instructed counsel—he is sitting behind the counsel—I do not know that the brief is his getting up.

MR. DUNBAR. Q. Was the witness asked before the Magistrate whether he could speak with certainty to the prisoner's person? A. He was; he said it was impossible to swear to either of them, as there was so many persons coming in and out of the house—he said he could not swear to any person at all.





JAMES BATES

re-examined. I have seen the prisoner about the town a good deal—he is in the habit of wearing whiskers.





THOMAS SMITH

re-examined. The prisoner had whiskers when I met him, and before the Magistrate.
(The prisoner's whiskers at the time of trial were shorn completely off.)




GUILTY
. Aged 29.*—


Transported for Life. See Surrey Cases.
