







1462. 
               
                  ANN 
                  McCARTHY
               




            , 
               
                  ELLEN 
                  DAVIS
               




            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     HAYS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of June
, 16 yards of printed cotton, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Brown
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  KING
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  King
               



            , a tailor, in New Gravel-lane. On the 24th of June I was at the corner of Twine-court


, and saw Davis take a piece of cotton off a hook at Mr. Brown's shop - she dropped it directly, took it up again, put it under her petticoat, and came up the court with it; the other two prisoners had crossed the way to her before she took it, and stood before her while she took it down - they were rather between her and the shop, but close together; she put her arm over their shoulders - I had not seen them in conversation; she went up the court - they crossed directly, and went towards New Gravel-lane together; they had all three been standing about before - when she dropped the cotton, McCarthy said, "D - n your eyes, it is all right, run off;" they were altogether - I went and informed Mr. Brown: I saw them in custody next morning in the watch-house - there were seven or eight persons altogether, and when I went in, before I could say any thing, McCarthy said, "We are done;" I then told the officer what had occurred, and McCarthy replied that she would break my nose if she could catch me - as they were going into the Police van, Hays said she hoped I would not say more against her than I had.


                  JAMES 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 24th of June, about one o'clock in the morning, I went to a house in Twine-court, kept by Hays - I have seen her there repeatedly; I saw a light there - I knocked at the door, and they put the light out - I knocked repeatedly; they said,"Who is there?" I said, "Tom;" they said, "What Tom?" I said, "Oh, you know me very well, open the door;" I then said I was one of the Police, but they would not open it - I said if they did not I should use force, and in about ten minutes it was opened; I did not find either of the prisoners there - I took King to the station, and before she spoke I heard McCarthy say, "We are done;" I heard Hays say something about taking King's life.


                  ARTHUR 
                  DEBENHAM
               



            . I am an apprentice to John Brown, a linen-draper, at Shadwell, at the corner of Twine-court. King gave me information - I went out, and missed sixteen yards of print off the book of the blind.
Davis' Defence. I was never in the prisoners' company.
McCARTHY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
DAVIS 

               GUILTY
            , Aged 19.
HAYS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
