





1067. 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  SIMONDS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of June
, 1 frock, value 2s.; 3 pinafores, value 2s.; 2 petticoats, value 1s. 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 9d.;and 2 aprons, value 1s.; the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Green the elder



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        James 
                        Green the younger



.
JAMES GREEN, jun. My father lives in Red Lion-court, Spitalfields. On the 25th of June I got a bundle from Browns-lane, and was carrying it home to my mother - when I got to Spitalfields


 church the prisoner took it from me, by the side of the rails - he ran away, and I went home crying - I am sure the prisoner is the person - he was taken the same day - he took my bundle about five o'clock, and I saw him in the watch-house about six.


                  MARY 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am the wife of James Green. This little boy is my son - I sent him to fetch the articles stated in the indictment from the mangle, where I had taken them on the Tuesday - he came home without them - I took him to the station-house - the officer took him down Petticoat-lane, where he saw the prisoner, and knew him.


                  RICHARD 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I saw this little boy carrying the bundle by Spitalfields church - I saw the prisoner go and speak to him, but could not hear what he said - he then took the bundle and ran away - I went to the little boy and asked what he was crying about - he told me, and I ran round Dorset-street, but could not see the prisoner - I then went to work, and saw him at the office afterwards, and knew him to be the person.


                  OWEN 
                  CURNEY
               



            . On the 25th of June I was with Hennessey, the officer - I saw the prisoner - he ran away and hid himself - when the officer was gone I waited till he came out - I then took him.


                  HARRIET 
                  NEWTON
               



            . This little boy came to fetch these things from me, and I gave them all right to him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was taken within four doors of my own house - I had not been home ten minutes - I was taken because I was warm.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
