





Fifth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
775. 
               
                  
                     JAMES EDWARD 
                     RICHARDSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of April
, 1 sextant, value 12l.; 1 telescope, value 50s.; and 1 eye glass, value 25s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert John 
                     Keen
                  




               
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the Prosecution.


                  ROBERT 
                  JOHN KEEN
               



            . I am an optician
, and live in Postern-row, Tower-hill


. On the 7th of April, about noon, the prisoner called at my shop with a person named Williams - he asked for a sextant, but he was in a great hurry to look at it, as he said he was going to the Duchess of Athol, and said he would call in the afternoon - he said he was a nautical man - he called again about three o'clock - he was shown a sextant and a telescope - he then asked to see some eye glasses, and some gold folded spectacles - he said the spectacles were too expensive, as he only wanted them for show - he chose an eye glass, and that, and the sextant, and telescope to be sent to No. 10, Mount-street, Mile-end, and to be sent soon, as he wanted to go to the Jerusalem coffee-house - my sister was in the parlour - when the prisoner was gone my sister spoke to me, and then went out - I afterwards went with the articles to No. 10, Mount-street, and on my road I saw my sister - I went to the house - I saw the prisoner and Williams there drinking wine, they asked me to partake of it, which I declined - I put down my instruments, and the prisoner asked if I had brought the drawing instruments - he had mentioned some drawing instruments when he had looked at the other articles at my shop, but he said he had laid out as much money as he could well afford, and that was the reason I did not take the drawing instruments to his house; and I told him I had not brought them, as they were not ordered - he then asked me to go back for them, but he said, "Stop, perhaps I had better pay you" - I said "Yes; you and I are strangers, and I should not like to leave the articles without being paid" - he then said to Williams, "Ring thebell for the servant to get change for a 50l. note;" but Williams suggested that it would not be right to let the servant have the note, as they were not always to be trusted - Williams then offered to get change, and the prisoner produced something, but what it was I do not know - Williams went out with it, and remained out about five or ten minutes - during his absence I told the prisoner he must not feel offended at my scruples in not trusting him, as I was a young tradesman - he said, "No man of honour would feel offended at such a thing" - when Williams took the note, the prisoner said, "At the top of the street they will give you change" - when Williams returned, he said they could not let him have change there, as the person was out; but his wife said they would let him have it in half an hour or three quarters - the prisoner wished me in the interim to get the drawing instruments - I knew my sister was at the outside, I went out and took a cab, to go and get the drawing instruments - the prisoner's conduct had the effect of lulling my suspicion - I do not know any thing more of the transaction till I saw him in custody - we went before Mr. Broughton, the magistrate - he thought there was no felony, and he discharged the prisoner - this is the bill of parcels which I gave the prisoner when the goods were delivered.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I believe there was some difficulty about your giving up this bill? A. No, not the least - I gave this bill to the prisoner after I delivered the goods - it is 15l. 15s. - my shop is about two miles from Mount-street - I went there in a cab as fast as I could, and came back, but found him in custody at the station-house when I saw him again - I was absent twenty minutes, or half an hour, when I went for the drawing instruments - three quarters of an hour had not elapsed.
COURT. Q. When the change was gone for you considered the goods were sold? A. Yes.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. And, I believe, you told Mr. Broughton so? A. I believe I did, and I believe he said,"Then it is a debt, and I can take no cognizance of it" - after the prisoner was discharged at Worship-street, I had him taken again about the 20th, and he was taken to Lambeth-street, when the bill was found by the Grand Jury - he did not tell Williams the name of the person he was to go to, nor did Williams mention any name when he came back - I did not ask to see the note.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did the prisoner ever restore you your goods between the 7th and the 20th of April? A. No- when I parted with my goods, delivering this bill of parcels, I did not deliver them on credit - I certainly expected to be paid for them before I left the place - when I sell goods for cash, it is my custom to give bills of parcels, as well as when they are sold on credit.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MARY GRAY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Gray
               



            . I am the prosecutor's sister - I was in his back room on the 7th of April - I heard what passed, and after the prisoner had left, I made a suggestion in point of prudence to my brother - I then went to No. 10, Mount-street - I saw the landlady, and as I was going home I met my brother with the goods - I saw him go into the house, and I remained outside at the top of the street - my brother came out, and I had some conversation with him - he then went towards home - I remained at the top of the street to watch the house, and in about ten minutes I saw Williams and the prisoner come out of the house - the prisoner had the sextant under his arm, and Williams had the telescope - I followed them - I cannot tell how far, but it appeared to me to be a great distance - I then gave the prisoner into custody - I think I had previously asked the prisoner for the goods, and he said, "I shall not give them to you, they do not belong to you" - I said, "They do - you have not paid for them, and you are going to take them away" - I do not think he made any answer to that - he and Williams were taken before the magistrate and discharged.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it the same evening that they were discharged? A. Yes - any body might see these goods under their arms - it was about ten minutes after my brother left that the prisoner came out of the house - I think I followed them for three quarters of an hour - I did not ask the prisoner where he was going - he was not going in the direction of the Jerusalem Coffee-house - I did not see my brother deliver this bill.
MR. PHILLIPS to 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  JOHN KEEN
               



            . Q. Do you allow discount in your business? A. No - I told the prisoner 15l. was the price of the instruments, but the bill is 15l. 15s. - I cannot tell why I made the bill for 15l. 15s.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you told him in the shop that the goods were to be 15l.? A. No; I told him the sextant would be 12l. - the telescope 2l. 10s., and the eye-glass 1l. 5s. - he said, "Put them down at the lowest price" - which I did, but when I got to the house I said I would take 15l. for them.
COURT. Q. Had you made out the bill before or after you told him the price? A. After I told him the price, but I afterwards told him 15l. - 5 per cent. is the discount for ready money.
Cross-examined. Q. If that were the case, why did you make the bill out for 15l. 15s.? A. Because in leaving the shop he told me to put them down as low as I could, and when I got to the house I said 15l.
COURT. Q. When you went to the second magistrate, did you tell him the case had been heard by another? A. He was aware of it - I will not swear that I told him.
- RUSSELL (police-constable H 54). I was called upon by this lady to take the prisoner and Williams into custody, on the 7th of April, in Church-street, Bethnalgreen, which is about one hundred rods from Mount-street- my brother officer searched the prisoner in my presence - there was no £50 note found on him, "but 8s. in silver - I asked him to give up the property - he said, "I shall not give them up;" but when we were in the station-house we persuaded him to put them down - he did not ask my permission to go to any house to get money.
Cross-examined. Q. Were there any papers found on him? A. Yes; and they were given up to him by the direction of Mr. Broughton, who advised me to give the goods to him - I asked the prisoner in the street to give up the property, as I understood by this lady that he had taken the property out of the shop - she asked him to give the property back, but he refused, saying he had bought them - I did not go to Mount-street - a rod is six feet, and it was about one hundred rods from Mount-street to the place where I took the prisoner.


                  SARAH 
                  GOLDSWORTHY
               



            . I am the landlady of the house,No. 10, Mount-street, Mile-end. On the 7th of April, about twelve o'clock, the prisoner's friend, Williams, came for the purpose of taking my apartments, for a friend who was coming from the Jerusalem coffee-house - I said I would not let him in without a reference - he then said,"Captain 
               Stevens
            , of Chelsea" - I said that was too far to go; he must give me one nearer - he then said, when his friend came he would give me a reference - the prisoner came in an hour or two afterwards - I remember the prosecutor coming to the house, and when he was gone, the prisoner sent for me, and said did I know what these instruments were - I said unfortunately I did - he said he wanted them for a friend - he then asked if my servant was trustworthy - I told him she was - he said he had a 50l. note; could she get it changed - I said, "Oh dear no"- he then asked if I could get it changed - I said I could not; it was too late - he then said he should be compelled to go to the docks early in the morning, and if I would take the note to the bankers' and get it changed, he should be much obliged to me - he then gave me this letter, with a cheque, as he said, enclosed in it - it is directed to Sir 
               
                  Claude 
                  Scott
               



             and Co. - I then went down stairs, and he rang for the servant to take him a light to seal a letter - he then wished to see me, and it was to tell me to give this letter to a porter, or any one I could get, to get his luggage from Batts' Hotel, in Dover-street - as I was leaving the room, he asked me to lend him two sovereigns or thirty shillings - I told him it was impossible - I then left the room - I did not go to the bankers'.
MR. CLARKSON to 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  JOHN KEEN
               



            . Q. Did you go to the banking-house of Sir 
               
                  Claude 
                  Scott
               



             and Co.? A. Yes; and to Batts' Hotel - I made inquiries at each of those places.
(Letters read.)
"No. 10, Mount-street, 7th April."
"Gentlemen, - I beg to refer Mrs. Goldsworthy to you, as to my respectability, and request you will have the goodness to send me 50l.
"I have the honour to remain"Your most obedient servant, J. E. RICHARDSON."
"To Sir Claude Scott and Co."
"Sir, - Have the goodness to send per bearer the whole of my luggage, with the exception of the chest marked'J.E.R.' in a diamond, which you will be pleased to keep until further directed.
" J. E. RICHARDSON."
"To Batts' Hotel, Dover-street."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
