





969. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .


                     THOMAS 
                     DINSDALE
                  




               
            . I am an agent and clerk
 at St. Katharine's-wharf - the prisoner was occasionally my agent, or servant
; I paid him as he worked. Some rags were sent to me for sale; he told me he had sold them to Rackley for 19l. 6s. 1d., according to their weight - I gave him a note to Rackley for the money; I had sent the goods by my team on the 31st of March, about twelve o'clock in the day, and was to have the money back the same day; I authorized the prisoner to receive it for me- I had paid him 6s. that day for previous work which he had done; he never brought me the money - I told him to bring it to me or my employer; I did not see him again till the morning following, when I went with an officer, and took him out of bed.
Prisoner. Mr. Dinsdale received 1l. on account. Witness. I received 1l. from Rackley the day previous to his getting the money; I got it to pay the prisoner the 6s.


                  JOHN 
                  RACKLEY
               



            . I bought the rags of the prisoner as agent for Dinsdale - they came to 19l. 6s. 1d.; I had paid 1l. on account, and paid the prisoner 18l. 6s. 1d. on the 31st of March - here is a receipt which he signed for it in my presence (read); I paid him the whole amount, but finding 1l. had been paid, he returned that to me.
MR. DINSDALE. He was to take the money to my employer if I was not in the way - I have not received any of it.
Prisoner's Defence I received it on Good Friday, and on Saturday was going down to pay Mr. Dinsdale -I got intoxicated, and was robbed on Saturday evening; on Sunday morning I took the party who robbed me to the station-house in Wellclose-square; I was to appear against them at Lambeth-street on Monday, but Mr. Dinsdale came with an officer and took me out of bed.
MR. DINSDALE. After he was apprehended, he took a German there who could not speak English, and said he had robbed him; the Magistrate was three hours investigating the case, and then said there was not the least charge against the man, and I must prosecute the prisoner - the prisoner said the man and him bad had a glass of rum together, and that ten or twelve people were in the house when he was robbed, but it was proved he was not robbed at all.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
