






1564. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     NEWMAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     RICHARDS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of August
, 2 hams, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cantis
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  RAPLEY
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 21st of August I was passing the house of Mr. Cantis, in the Strand


, and saw Newman, who is his servant
, open the door, let out Richards, and close it again; Richards was carrying two hams under her left arm, and she had hold of her apron or gown - she turned up Ship-yard, and went on to Picket-street; I went up to her, and asked whose hams these were - she said she did not know; I asked where she was going to take them - she said to No. 1, Chapel-place, Duke-street, where she lived; I said she must know who they belonged to - she then said Mr. Cantis' servant had given them to her to take out and weigh; I said I believed it was all false, and I took her and the hams back to Mr. Cantis' shop - I knocked at the door; Newman opened it - I asked if Mr. Cantis was at home; she said No - I said I had brought the woman back who took out the two hams a little while ago, to know if it was all right; she said she knew nothing of the woman, except that she had brought the hams there to be weighed - I took Richards to Covent-garden watch-house; Mr. Cantis afterwards claimed the hams, and gave charge of Newman.


                  JOHN 
                  CANTIS
               



            . I am a ham-dealer
. These hams are mine, I believe - I had a row of eight hams hanging up on the morning of the 21st of August; I went out that morning, and did not return till ten o'clock at night - Newman was my servant, but had no authority to part with any hams; the shop is shut during church time - the shopman was up stairs; the shop is opened on Sunday's, and provision is sold if any one wants it - Newman was servant of allwork.
Richards' Defence. I had Newman's child to nurse, and I went that morning to take it to her; she gave me the hams to take to my room till she called for them in the afternoon, to take them to some person who had bought them of her master.
Richards received a good character.
NEWMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
RICHARDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 47.




               Confined Six Months
            .
