




89. 




ISAAC KETT
 and 




THOMAS BELSHAM
 were indicted for


stealing, on the 
16th of November, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods 



Thomas Coxen Archer, from his person; and that Kett had been before convicted of felony.







THOMAS COXEN ARCHER
. I am an assistant-surgeon, and live in King William-street. On the evening of the 16th November I was in Norton Falgate, and felt a twitch at my pocket—I had used my handkerchief shortly before—I then put my handkerchief more firmly in my pocket, and in about half an hour Groves spoke to me—I felt, and it was gone—I know nothing of the prisoners.





ROBERT GROVES
. I am porter to Mr. Crosser, of Philpot-lane. On the evening of the 16th of November, between eight and nine o'clock, I was in Shoreditch, and saw both the prisoners in company with another boy—I saw them attempt several pockets—when Mr. Archer came by they all three followed him—he was walking at a very quick pace—he crossed into Hackney-road, and there Belsham took a handkerchief out of his pocket—Kett received it, and put it into his trowsers pocket—I then stood in the road—they all three turned into the road—I followed them, and Kett up with his fist and said, "Knock him down"—they turned down a court—I ran after the prosecutor, and he came back with me—I showed him where they went—we looked for a policeman, and found Palmer—I went with him to two public-houses, but could not find them—we came into Shoreditch, and at the corner of Church-street saw the two prisoners and the boy—I laid hold of Kett, and Palmer of Belsham—Kett up with his fist and was going to knock me down—the other ran away, he was quite a boy.

Cross-examined by
MR. STURGEON. Q. When did you go out? A. About seven o'clock—I had taken some goods out—I told the Magistrate that Kett picked up the handkerchief and put it into his pocket—I received no reward for my trouble—Mr. Archer gave me 1s., but no reward was offered—I never said I saw Kett give the handkerchief to a boy who run away with it—I did not request money from the prosecutor—I was not told I should have no more, nor to go away as I was troublesome—I never told him the Magistrate desired me to ask him for money—the prosecutor accompanied me till I got a policeman—I saw the prisoners' faces—I never said I only knew them by their dress—I am quite positive Kett is one of them—it was a little after eight o'clock when I first saw him—I took him into custody just before nine o'clock—it was close to nine when at the station-house—I pursued them directly the robbery was committed—I lost sight of them for half an hour—I refused the shilling the prosecutor offered me, and said I did not want it.

MR. ARCHER
re-examined. I gave him 1s. on the following morning, without being solicited, for his trouble in running after them—I did not think he should waste his time.





CHARLES PALMER
. I am a policeman. I was called on to take the prisoners—there was a boy, who ran away at the time—I took hold of Belsham, and Groves laid hold of Kett—I did not find the prosecutor's handkerchief—I found a handkerchief on Kett, which I showed to the prosecutor next morning, and he said it was not his.

Cross-examined. Q. What time was it? A. About a quarter past eight o'clock, when I met the prosecutor and Groves in Hackney-road, when the robbery was first mentioned to me, and it was about half an hour afterwards I took them.


Mr. Sturgeon called






CHARLES KETT
. I am the prisoner's father, and am a master cooper—he worked along with me, on the 16th of November, from seven o'clock in the morning till half past seven at night—he then washed himself, and went out with his brother.





THOMAS KETT
. I am a cooper, and work with my father. On the 16th of November I was at work till eight o'clock in the evening, with my brother—we left home at eight o'clock, and at ten minutes past eight he left me to go to his mother-in-law's—I left him at the corner of New Inn-yard, about a quarter of a mile from where we live—his mother-in-law's is in Old Nichol-street, about five minutes' walk from where I left him—he did not leave me till half-past eight o'clock.





WILLIAM PARRY
. I am a policeman. I have a certificate of the prisoner Kett's former conviction, which I obtained from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.

KETT—


GUILTY
.* Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.

BELSHAM.—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.

