



407. 




JOHN WILLIAM WHEELER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of December, I pair of trowsers, value 18s.; and 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; the goods of 



Thomas Reece, his master: I coat, value 50s.; and I pair of trowsers, value 10s.; the goods of 



John Hamer: 2 coats, value 30s.; 2 waistcoats, value 10s.; I pair of trowsers, value 10s.; and 2 stocks, value 2s.; the goods of 



Charles Smithson.






SARAH REECE
. I am the wife of Thomas Reece; we live in Duke-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields. I keep a lodging-house—the prisoner lodged in the front room first floor—I know Charles Smithson—he has worked for my husband nearly twelve months—Mr. Hamer lodged with me—he is another person who worked there—I missed the articles stated.





JOHN HAMER
. I lodge in Mr. Reece's house. I lost a coat and a pair of trowsers on the 23rd of December, about five o'clock—the prisoner slept in the same room with me, and the property was taken from that room—he got up between four and five o'clock in the morning—he could not undo the door—he came and called me, and said he was very poorly, and wanted to go down—he went down part of the way, and came back, took the handle, and then went off—I afterwards missed the property—I have since seen it.





CHARLES SMITHSON
. I lodge in this house, and slept in the same room with Hamer—the prisoner called us in the morning—he went down, came back, and took something, and went away—I lost my property, which was safe the night before—after he left the house, we saw him running with a bundle—we did not see him leave the house.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I come back again? A. Not that I know of.





FREDERICK HENRY HERRING
. I am a clothes-salesman, and live in Postern-row, Tower-hill. I did not know the prisoner before Friday evening, and dealt with him on the Saturday morning, the 23rd of December—I bought of him these two coats for 9s.—it was not more than the value of them, what they were worth to me in my business.






JOHN SYRETT
. I was on duty on the 23rd of December—about eight o'clock in the morning two of the witnesses came up to me, and the prisoner with them—they gave him into my charge for robbing them—I passed him to the watch-house, and then to the Compter—at eleven o'clock I brought him before the Lord Mayor, and his lordship referred the case to Bow-street—a coat belonging to one of the prosecutors was on the pri. soner, and the trowsers were in the bundle he had with him, with these waistcoats and other things.

Prisoner. Q. Where did you find the trowsers? A. In the bundle—you had the bundle in your hand.
(Property produced, and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
