



807. 




THOMAS LITTLE
 was indicted

, for that he, on the 
27th of September, at
 St. Catherine Cree Church, alias

Christ Church, having in his custody and possession a certain Bill of Exchange, which was as follows: "£49 13s.—London, September 27, 1834—Four months after date, pay to our order 49l. 13s., value received—



Thomas Little and Co., to Mr. C. Stiell, Poplar," feloniously did forge on the said Bill of Exchange, an acceptance of the same, which was as follows: "C. Stiell, at No. 69, Leadenhall-street, City," with intent to defraud 



Henry Cooper, against the Statute.—2nd COUNT. for uttering, &c., a like forged acceptance, knowing it to be forged, with a like intent.—3rd, 4th, and 5th COUNTS, omitting to set out the Bill of Exchange and acceptance.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





HENRY COOPER
. I am a Black well-hall-factor, and live in Cateaton-street. In September last, or the beginning of October, I received from the prisoner some Bills of Exchange, among others the bill produced—he asked me to discount them—he was at that time in my debt—in consequence of an arrangement with him afterwards, I applied the bills in my hands towards liquidating my own account.





JOHN WESTWOOD
. I live in Regent-street, Kennington-cross. I was eighteen years old last October—on the 2nd of December, 1883, I went to live with the prisoner as porter, to carry out parcels, in Leadenhall-street—I slept in the house afterwards—I remember the prisoner coming to live at the house in Leadenhall-street—he carried on business in Basinghall-street before—some time after that I became pattern-card-maker and shopman—he was a woollen-draper—one evening, after the shop was shut, I went to the prisoner's desk—it was about the month of April—he called to me after the shop was shut, and said, "John, as my clerk is out, I must make you clerk to-night," and then wrote across a piece of paper the name of Joyce or Rice, and desired me to copy it across two blank stamps, which I did—he said nothing more about it—about six weeks or two months afterwards, after the shop was shut, he called me again, and wrote the name of Joyce or Rice, and desired me to write it—I wrote this "C. Still," across this bill by command of the prisoner, about the month of September, and about eleven o'clock in the day—he took me up into the drawing-room, shut the door, and desired me to sit down till he was ready for me—I believe he locked the door—I sat down—in about five minutes he produced two blank stamps, one of them a printed one, which is this one—he wrote across a slip of paper "C. Still," and desired me to copy it across the two

blank stamps, which I did—one of them is the one produced—he said nothing to me after I had done it—this is the one which had printing on it, and I am certain that the other was not printed—there was no writing on it whatever, except "C. Still," which I wrote by his direction—on the Sunday following, I mentioned this at home—I believe the house of Bentley and Co. had not failed at that time—there was a person in the prisoner's employ named Jeremiah Mitchell—in consequence of what I heard of the transaction of Bentley and Co., I mentioned this transaction to Mitchell—up to that time I knew nothing of the nature of accommodation bills—I have frequently seen the prisoner write—the filling up of the body of this bill I firmly believe to be his handwriting.

Q. Look at the words, "at 169, Leadenhall-street, City." A. I believe that to be Mr. Little's, and the indorsement I believe to be his also—on the 30th of January, I remember this bill being presented at Leaden-hall-street—I knew it when it was so presented—I was at the Mansion-house on the 3rd of February, when the prisoner was to be examined—I saw him in the lobby with Roe, the officer—the prisoner came up to me, and said, "John, have you told any thing?" or words to that effect—I cannot remember his exact words—what he said first to me was, "John, have you got to appear against me?"—I said I believed I had, but I did not know, but I believed I had—he said, "If you have, for God's sake mind what you say, for we shall be both transported for life if you do not."

Q. You said he said, "Have you told any thing?" A. Yes, that was his brother—his brother likewise spoke to me—that was a mistake of mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS? Q. His brother was not in custody, was he? A. No—I made a mistake in saying the prisoner said, "Have you told any thing?"—it was a gentleman who I believe to be his brother—I was very much surprised at the prisoner saying I should be transported—I had no notion that any thing was wrong—I did not know I was accepting a bill—I did not put the word "Accepted" to it, but I have learned since that it was an acceptation—I had not the slightest notion of that at the time—I had seen a bill before, but had always been in the habit of seeing the word "Accepted"—I never saw one without that word—I did not know what he wanted it done for—I thought he could not possibly ask me to do what was wrong—I knew he could write himself—I thought it odd that he did not write it himself—I did not ask why he did not—I thought I had no right to ask my governor any questions—I had been in service before with a person named Buck, a stationer, in the Westminster-road, and with Jones, also Willet and Dineley, proctors, and Payne, a dyer—the proctors were not notaries, to my knowledge—my uncle, Mr. Whitaker, is alive—I was never in his service—I was living in his house about seven years ago, before I went into any body's service—I left of my own free will.

Q. Did your uncle tax you with any thing before you left? A. That has nothing to do with it—he did not—I think it has nothing to do with it—very likely my uncle is here, and you can ask him—he has found fault with me, perhaps, for a great many things—I left his house to go to Mr. Jones—I do not remember what fault he found with me last—I cannot think of one particular fault, at present.

Q. Will you swear positively he never found fault with you for any thing he thought dishonest? A. I believe he did—I do not know exactly what it was about—he used to say when I went out on errands I used to

charge more for the things than I actually paid—that was four or five months before I left him—he charged me with doing it on several occasions—he did not tell me he did not wish to keep me in his house any longer, on account of his suspicions.

Q. You never quarrelled in Mr. Little's house with any of the family? A. Never, not with any of the family—his wife never accused me of any thing, to my knowledge—she never accused me of theft—I can bring witnesses to prove that he placed the greatest reliance possible on me—his sister never accused me of theft, nor was any thing of the sort mentioned all the while I was there—she never accused me of pilfering pence and halfpence from the change—I was never charged with keeping back 8d. which I got in change, for potatoes, nor with the beer money—there was never any row about 24l. which I had to pay a bill with—I was in the habit of taking up bills for Mr. Little—he never had permission to use other persons' names in bills, to my knowledge—I was never accused, by any body in the house, of secreting a sovereign out of 24l. which I had to pay a bill, nor of secreting the least thing, not even a pin—I paid a great many bills towards the last six months, and never saw a bill without the word "Accepted" to it.

JURY. Q. You have been in the habit of presenting bills to customers? A. No, I never presented a bill—I did not know I was committing a forgery when I was accepting the bill—I knew the acceptor of a bill was liable to pay it—I lived with Mr. Buck about eighteen months ago—he kept a circulating library in Mount-street.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When you went to Mr. Little, did you receive a character? A. Mr. Little went after my character—I left a situation on purpose to go to him—the person I was with receive two years' characters with me—I went to him from Mr. Baynes, in the "Borough—I only lived with him three months, when I was sent for by my uncle to go to the prisoner—it was entirely through my uncle that I went into the prisoner's service—I had never seen Mr. Little but once before in my life—I knew Mrs. Little—I had two years' character when I went to live with him—this was done in September, I believe—I remained with him until he assigned his goods over to his creditors—that was in December, or January, this year—Mr. Little never complained as to my honesty—he always spoke in the highest terms possible of me—he did not charge me with any dishonesty at the Mansion-house.





PHILIP WHITAKER
. I am a cloth-factor, and live in Basiaghall-slreet. I know the prisoner, and have seen him write—I believe the body of this Bill of Exchange to be his handwriting—I believe the words, "At Leadenhall-street, City," to be his handwriting, and the indorsement—the boy has been in our service since this—I was one of the trustees under the assignment—we continued him in our employ, understanding his character was good—whether that was from Mr. Little, I cannot be positive—if Mr. Little had made any complaint of his character, we should not have kept him.

Cross-examhied. Q. took at the name written over "69, Leadehall-street," what is the name? A. It looks more like Stiell than Still.
----MITCHELL. I was formerly in the employ of the prisoner—(looking at the bill) I believe the whole of this, except "C. Still," to be the handwriting of the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. How long were you in his employ? A. I went there on the 1st of September last, and continued with him up

to the present time nearly—he had bill transactions to a considerable extent—I understood there were a great many accommodation bills—I do not know whether he and other persons were in the habit of lending each other their names.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know whether in September last he had any customer of the name of Still? A. A person named Still, who lived at Poplar, used to come and lay out a few pounds—he was not a credit customer—his name was Adam Still.

Q. Had your employer, to your knowledge, any other person named Still, or Stiell, at Poplar, except that person? A. No—I know he lived at Poplar, but where there I do not know—he is a tailor—I have knows him many years.





ADAM STILL
. I live at Poplar. I have been a customer to Mr. Little, but not above two or three times, and then I paid cash for what I bought—I live at 148, High-street, Poplar, and have lived there ten years—my son Robert lives at Poplar, but I do notk now any other person of our name at Poplar—this acceptance is neither my writing nor my son's—I do not know any other Still, or Stiell, living at Poplar—the bill is spelt perfectly in the same way as I write—it is spelt the same way as I spell my name—there is no dot over the "i"—I cannot see that they could make any thing else of it but "i"—I never saw Mr. Little in my life, to my knowledge—I owed him nothing.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. This is exactly the way you sign your name? A. No; it is not—it is the way I spell my name—I should write my name as "Adam Still" if I accepted a bill—I should write "Adam" at full length—this is "C"—I very often dot the "i"—if I did not write "Adam" at full length, I should put "A.," not "C."—there are many hundreds of lodgers at Poplar, respectable people, whose names I know nothing about.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Look at this account entered in this book: did you ever have any goods of the prisoner to the amount stated in that book? A. No; I have examined it—there is an entry here, "By Acceptance, 13th of January, £49 13s. 6d."





JOSEPH HENRY HAWES
. I am clerk to the official assignees under the prisoner's estate. This was one of the books produced to us as his book—I have the bill-book and the day-book.

Prisoner's Defence. I wish it to be understood that the name is "Still," and not "Stiull."
(Frederick Wilson, silk-mercer and woollen-draper, Hanway-street; William Gilbert, tailor, 14, Shoreditch; Jabez Price, stock-broker, Wsalworth; Temperance Neal, Walworth; John Bishop, umbrella-maker, Ludgate-hill; Thomas Dutton, ironmonger, Leadenhall-street; and Thomas Linson, tailor, Piccadilly, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Life.
