



1085. 




WILLIAM TAYLOR
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
20th of March, at 
Charlton, Kent, 6 trusses of hay, value 1l.; and 10lbs. weight of hay, value 1s., the goods of 



James Strother.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





ANTHONY STROTHER
. I am the son of James Strother, who lives at Woolwich, in Kent—he has marshes at Charlton. I missed hay at various times, and in consequence of that, I communicated, on the 19th, with Warden, and gave him instructions—I went with him that evening to the Marshes, and found six trusses of hay bound, in the enclosed fence—Warden put into the stack three pieces of paper, and into each truss several pieces of paper—on the following morning we found the hay was gone—I went to the prisoner's house, and found the hay there—it was my father's hay, I have not the least doubt of it—the pieces of paper were found in it

—the prisoner is, I believe, a labouring gardener—he keeps a horse—we found the hay in his stable loose—not in trusses, as it was the night before—the moment I saw it I was convinced it was my father's, and at the botton of the shed were three distinct parts pf the bottoms of trusses, and in one as them I saw the paper.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When were the pieces of paper put into the trusses? A. At eight o'clock on Thursday night—I missed the hay at six o'clock next morning—the paper had writing on both sides, if I am not mistaken—he put the paper first into the stump of the hay, and nearly into the heart of the trusses—we found it in the prisoner's stable at four o'clock on Saturday afternoon—I did not look for any traces of hay—I should think there was from six to seven trusses of hay in the stable—it was nearly all loose, except three distinct parts of trusses—it is usual to open and shake it when it is dusty, but not six trusses at once—that would last one horse eighteen days.

COURT. Q. Was this dusty hay? A. No; it was the same quality as our hay—I should have known it to be the produce of that stack without the papers—there is a rank weed grows in the Marshes, and those weeds were amongst the hay.





CHARLES STEWART WARDEN
. I am superintendent of the Woolwich police. I went with the prosecutor to the field on the 19th, and saw six trusses of hay in an enclosure, and part of a hay-stack—I took a slip of paper, containing my report-notes, and tore off three or four pieces—I put them into the uncut part of the stack, and put one piece into each truss—I went to the field next morning, about five o'clock—the trusses were gone, also one portion of the uncut—one of my tickets laid on the ground—I went and informed Mr. Strother—I made search in the town, and on Saturday morning I went to the field, and from the entrance of the field I traced tracks of hay to the prisoner's house—I called out, "Is Mr. Taylor here?" several times—I saw the stable door open—I opened it more, went in, and said, "Is Mr. Taylor here?"—nobody answered—I found the hay there—the prisoner's daughter came out and spoke to me—I went and told Mr. Strother that there was hay there, but I could not identify it—in the afternoon he went with me, and I found three of my tickets in it, which I had put in on Thursday night with my own handwriting upon them—the prisoner's son was on the premises, and said he had purchased the hay—I took him into custody, and the father came up to me—I said I should take him, and I believe Chittendale took him into custody—I am certain the papers are the same—they are my own handwriting.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you go to the hay-stack on Friday morning? A. I did—I observed no tracks of hay then, as it was between day-light and moon-light—I could not see well enough—I saw some tracks on the Saturday between six and seven o'clock in the morning—I was searching in Woolwich on Friday for parties who were suspected—I walked from the entrance of the field to the prisoner's on Saturday morning, not from the hay-stack—I did not go further than the threshold of the stable when I called out, "Is Mr. Taylor here?"—nobody was with me then—I was at the stable door when I saw the daughter—I was coming from the stable door—I re-entered the stable again between six and seven o'clock that morning—I did not go up to the hay—but in the course of two minutes, I went into the stable and up to the hay—the daughter was then in the yard looking at us—I took up the hay, looked at it, and one of the police who was with me felt about and said, "There are no trusses here"—we told the

daughter we could not identify it, as we were is search of trusses, and I should report it to Mr. Strother—the policeman stood by the wall—I was not alone in the stable that morning—one of the police entered with me, when I told the daughter the purport of our errand—the policeman went in alongside the hay—it is a small stable—I found the papers about four o'clock in the afternoon—I did not feel myself justified to search the hay in the morning, as I did not know it was the hay lost—the daughter told me the hay could not be stolen, for it was bought on Tuesday morning; and the brother told me the same, and so did the father—the prisoner did not come up and say, "What are you doing with my son?"—he had some conversation with the policeman, and made some remark about that hay—I said I shall take you before the Magistrate; and both walked in my company.





WILLIAM CHITTENDEN
. I am a policeman. I went to the prisoner's house and examined the hay; and found two pieces of paper in it, which Warden has—I saw a ladder in the yard, which I had seen on the prosecutor's premises, just against the hay-rick.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you when you saw the ladder against the hay rick? A. Against the enclosure—it was on Friday morning, the 20th of March—it was the same ladder, by the appearance of iter—it has about seven or eight rounds—it was decidedly the same—I examined it—I was looking at the hay-binder for a quarter of an hour—the top and bottom round was plain; it is rather uncommon to have them so at both top and bottom—I found the first piece of paper in part of a truss—I took care of it, and produced it before the Magistrate—I went with Warden to the stable—I was outside when he first went into the gates, but followed him afterwards—I heard him calling for Taylor, but he was then out of my sight for about half a minute at the outside—the hay binder has ackowledged that he borrowed the ladder of the prisoner—it is not the prosecutor's.

C. S. WARDEN
re-examined. My writing is on both sides of the paper—C. S. W., my initials was written after finding it—the writing on the other side was written before—it alludes to the conduct of two watchmen which I noticed—I found these papers in the hay, and I had put them into the hay.

Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent.





HENRY TAYLOR
. I am the prisoner's son. I had purchased a quarter of a load of hay in Smithfield-market, on Tuesday, the 17th of March; that was nine trusses—I took it home—my sister opened the gate, and let me in with it—I then put it into the stable—when my father came home, I told him the hay was a little dusty—I paid 1l. 5s. for it—he told me to take the bands off, shake the hay up, and throw a little salt in it—I did so—we had one horse—it was out from Tuesday till Saturday—some of the hay was gone—I was not at home on Thursday aad Friday, and did not see the stable till Saturday—there was then no hay in the stable, but the hay I had bought—when the officers came on the Saturday I was in-doors lying on the bed—my sister called me up—I told the officers whew I got the hay.

MR. DOANE. Q. You bought the hay on Tuesday morning? A. Yes—I went to the Borough-market with a load of greens, and want from thence to Smithfield-market, and bought the hay of a perfect stranger—I did not ask his name—we have only one horse—I buy very little hay—I never bought any at Smithfield before—I bought a quarter of a load—they will sell that quantity in Smithfield-market—that was the first time I had been there to buy hay this season—I do not suppose there

was above half of a truss left in the stable when I left on the Tuesday, and went to buy this—I was working for Mr. Glinton on Wednesday—I slept at my father's house on Wednesday night—I worked at home in my father's garden on Thursday, and slept in his bed at night—I was coming to London market on Friday night—I never said I was not at home on Thursday and Friday—I got up at six o'clock on Friday morning—the hay I bought was dusty, and the hay that was found on my father's premises was dusty—it was the hay I had brought home—it was not sweet.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Does your father send greens to market? A. Yes—he slept at home on Thursday night.

COURT. Q. You never bought hay before? A. Not in Smithfield-market—we generally come to Smithfield to buy it cheap—the man I bought it of had about a load and a half in his cart—he threw nine trusses off the cart—I did not notice any little pieces of paper amongst it—hay was 5l. a load—a man bought it before me, with intent to sell it again—I think he was a corn-dealer—I never asked him for any written document—I met a neighbour of ours on the road, who saw me take it away—he lives about half a mile from us.

JURY. Q. It being a long distance from Smithfield, at what watering-house did you stop on the road? A. At the World turned upside down, and gave my horse a drop of water—I did not see any ostler—I had not left the house long before I met the witness and spoke to him.

C. S. WARDEN
re-examined. The prisoner was allowed by the Magistrate to leave the office on Saturday, and come on Monday—he gave two sureties for that.





TABITHA TAYLOR
. I am the prisoner's daughter. I remember my father and brother being taken into custody—I remember, some days before that, my brother bringing home some hay about one o'clock—it was put into the stable—my father was gone from home, but when he came home at night he examined it, and said it was rather dusty, and told my brother to shake it—I saw it shaken by my brother in the stable—my father slept at home on Thursday night, and my brother too—the superintendent came on Saturday morning, about seven o'clock—I heard the dog bark, and went out—I saw the man in the stable by himself, examining the hay—I asked him what he wanted—he came out of the stable immediately—the two other policemen were at a distance from the stable—he asked where my father was—I said at work at Charlton, and he would return at dinner-time, which he did—the policeman said he had been informed there was some hay stolen, and it had been traced to my father's premises—I denied it—I said my brother bought it in London, and I had let him in at the gate with it—the policeman told me that this was not the hay—he came again about three o'clock in the afternoon, and asked if my father was at home—I said not, but if he had come at dinner-time, as I told him, he would have seen him—I said my brother was at home, and I would call him—he came to him, and they went out together—my brother had been lying down—he went into the yard to them—I do not know what passed between them.

MR. DOANE. Q. Your brother bought some hay on Tuesday, and you let him in? A. Yes; about one o'clock, in the middle of the day—(my brother went away immediately to Woolwich, as they had taken his hay)—my brother did not go very often to market to buy hay—he sometimes went with greens, and then if we were short, he would buy it—he sometimes bought hay at Greenwich and Woolwich, and sometimes in London

—he had gone to London three or four times, or more, to buy hay this year—he might have gone six times—I let him in when he came back—I cannot tell when hay is dusty—we generally get up early; sometimes at six, and sometimes later—I cannot recollect who got up first, on Friday morning—I got up between six and seven o'clock—I am sure I was not up before five o'clock—I am never up so soon as that.





WILLIAM SAVAGE
. I am a market-gardener, and live in Lower-road, Charlton. I have a sample of weeds here—I got it from 'Squire Bedford's hay-stack, "yesterday morning—it is a common weed, which will grow any where—I can pick it out of my own garden—it will grow in any soil—I have known the prisoner five years—he always bore a good character.

Q. Did you ever go to the 'Squire's hay-stack before? A. Never; I went because the prisoner asked me for a character—I put my hand in the stack and pulled the weed out.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you heard that Mr. Strother had sworn to the hay, by a particular kind of weed? A. No, I had not; I brought the weed here to show it.

JURY. Q. What made you take that weed out the rick? A. The same sort of weed was produced to the Court, and Mr. Strother said it grew on his marshes.





JOSEPH BLAND
. I am a labourer. I remember meeting young Taylor in the Kent-road, on the 17th of March, between the Dun Cow, and the Little Castle, close by the turnpike—the World turned upside down, is nearer London—there is a trough for horses to drink there—he had some hay in his cart—seven or eight trusses—I did not count them—I have known the prisoner four years—he is a hard-working, industrious man.

MR. DOANE. Q. Were you in any employment at the time? A. I was going to Church-street, Spitalfields, with a load of lime, for Mr. Glinton—I have met the prisoner's son with his fruit-cart—I do not know that I ever met him with hay above twice—this was on the 17th of March, St. Patrick's Day—I was in town the day before—I come up almost everyday in the week—he spoke to me as he passed—I think there was a load of straw in his cart besides—I cannot say whether there was any turnips or not.

COURT. Q. Has any body been talking to you about the World turned upside down, before you came into Court? A. No, nobody—I met him about eleven o'clock, as near as I can say—Charlton is between five and six miles from London.

MR. STROTHER
re-examined. These weeds are similar to what I spoke of—this was not dusty hay at all, when it was found on the premises, nor was my hay dusty—it had been got up last summer, which was a very fine season—whatever may be done to hay it will not get dust out.
(John Boyd, master gardener, Charlton, give the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY
. Aged 46.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Second Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
