





926. 
               
                  
                     SUSAN 
                     TAPE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of February
, 3 table-cloths, value 14s.; 1 apron, value 1s.; 1 cap, value 1s., and 25s. in copper monies
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Ambrose 
                     Charles
                  




               
            .



                  MARTHA 
                  ELIZABETH CHARLES
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Ambrose 
                  Charles
               



            . The prisoner came to assist my servant, who was ill - she came on the Monday, and staid till the Sunday night, when she absented herself; I missed this money from the parlour closet - I have seen the tablecloths, apron and cap since.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HASLOP
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a table-cloth, a pair of woman's shoes, and a shift, pawned with me; the table-cloth on the 10th of February, by the prisoner, I believe.



                        THOMAS 
                        SWEATMAN
                     






            . I am a grocer. I tied up these papers of halfpence, and paid them to Mr. Charles on Saturday evening, the 13th of February; I know these are the papers.


                  MARY 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I lived servant at the place. The prisoner took these shoes, and this collar of mine.


                  JOHN 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am an officer. I have a cap which I took from her, and this apron and copper money I found in a box which the landlady said was hers - these papers were about the money; one was tied up, and the other had been opened.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner, which was not tried.
