



2327. 




WILLIAM HASELL
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
21st of September, 1 box, value 1s., 1 table-cloth, value 2s.; 1 shirt, value 1s.; 1 shawl, value 1s.; 1 petticoat, value 6d.; 2 frocks, value 6d.; 1 bet gown, value 4d.; 1 window-curtain, value 2d.; 1 napkin, value 1d. 1 night-cap, value 1d.; 1 watch, value 20s.; 1 gown, value 1s.; 48 pence, and 24 halfpence; the goods and monies of 



Thomas Johnson.






THOMAS JOHNSON
. I keep a beer-shop in Lower Shadwell. This property was taken from my bed-room, on the first floor, on the 21st of September, between eight and nine o'clock at night—the door was only latched—the prisoner might have been in the house and I not have seen him—the policeman found him, and brought the property to me—I had never seen the prisoner before.

Prisoner. He stated at the Thames Police that he lost a watch and a five-shilling paper of halfpence. Witness. Yes; I lost a great many more things.





WILLIAM BARNES
. I am a basket-maker. I was coming past Mr. Johnson's house, on the night of the 21st, and saw the prisoner come out with a bundle—I followed him to Ratcliffe-highway, there were two came

out—one made his escape, but I held the prisoner, till a number of people came round me—some wished me to let him go, others threatened me, and I did let him go, and followed him, they got into a dark court, where they put the two parcels into one—the little one carried the box—I then went on and touched the little one—the other lad the box fall, and he got off, and the prisoner turned round—I took him again, but by the persuasion of the people I let him go—I called "Police," but could get no one to help me.





THOMAS KIRKLAND
. On the 21st of September I was going up the street, and met some of my play-fellows—I stopped and played with them—I saw the prisoner and another one going up Market-hill, with a bundle—the little one had the bundle—one of my play-fellows said, "I think they are thieves," and we called, "Stop thief"—Barnes stopped the prisoner, and I saw him have a 5s. paper of halfpence—they had been running and walking.





THOMAS SMITH
. I am a police-constable. I was on duty at High-street, Shadwell—I was a number of people—I went up, and saw Barnes standing over the bundle and box—the prisoner had then made his escape—I heard where they came from, and went to Mr. Johnson's.

Prisoner. I was not near the man's house I do not know where he lives—it was not this officer that took me into custody, but another man.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
