



2389. 




WILLIAM JONES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of October, 3 shillings, the monies of 



Jeremiah Nolan; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






EDWARD BULLWORTHY
. I live in Aylesbury-street, Clerkenwell, and am a pawnbroker. On Monday, the 23rd of August, I was passing through King-street, and saw a person outside Mr. Nolan's shop—I looked in, and saw the prisoner inside with his hand over the counter—he pulled out the drawer and took some money out—I went in and gave information—the prisoner turned round and knocked on the counter—he was searched, and three shillings found in his right hand, with the glove of the left hand upon it,

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. How did you look into the shop? A. Through a broken pane of glass—I looked in because the one outside was looking in and round the corner in a suspicious manner—it was half-past seven o'clock—he went away as soon as he observed me look in—I then went into the shop, and the prisoner was knocking on the counter—I did not say any thing—the shopkeeper came into the shop, and the prisoner asked for a quarter of an ounce of tobacco—he was served, and put down a penny-piece—he did all that without my saying a word—I did not secure him immediately, because I wished a second person to be in the shop to see what excuse he would make—I then shut the door and put my back against it—I did not find three shillings in the prosecutor's hand—I saw them found—he had not time to put them into his pocket, I was on him too quick—when he got the tobacco I mentioned it—I saw him take some money out of the till, and saw it in his hand—he had a pair of kid gloves, and I saw him draw it out of the till—he happened to drop one shilling on the counter—it made a little noise, but he was very quiet about it—the money was in a little brown pan in the till—I saw the pan, and saw him put his hand in.





JEREMIAH NOLAN
. I live in King-street. I keep a little brown pan in my till—I examined my till, when this gentleman gave me information, and 3s. were gone—they were found in the prisoner's hand.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know the amount in your till before? A. Yes—I did not see the prisoner when he came in—there is a piece of glass out of the window, and another pane is cracked—there is but one with any glass out, that is in the top half-sash—this money was in a brown jar—I never had a wooden bowl—I did not show a person a wooden bowl, and say that the money was in that—no one called on me to ask the question—I saw Mr. Bullworthy come in, and stand within the door—I had

3s. 6d. in silver, and some coppers, before the prisoner came in—my wife served in the shop occasionally, but not that evening, because she was at needlework.





JOHN PALMER
. I am an officer of Farringdon Within. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
