






1544. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MILLS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of June
, 1 desk, value 5s.; 1 umbrella, value 1s., and 1 seal, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Saunderson
                  




               
            .
CHARLES BARRATT. I am a carver and gilder, and live opposite Mr. Saunderson's, in Fair-street, Manchester-square


. On the 9th of June, between two and three o'clock, I saw the prisoners near his house; I had seen the servant come out just before, and leave the key in the door - the prisoners walked past; Mills then went, turned the key, and pushed the door a little way open: he then walked away a short distance; Davis then walked in, and was there, I suppose, two minutes: Mills then went in, and they staid about two minutes more; they then came out with the desk and umbrella: I went and overtook them in Bulstrode-street; I asked Davis whose desk and umbrella these were: he was about tying the desk up: he said they were some gentleman's in St. James'-street, I took hold of his arm: he threw them out of his hand, and tried to get away; but I took him again, and brought him back - neither of them had any thing when they went into the house; Mills was taken next day.
Cross-examined by MR. DONNE. Q. What are you? A. A carver and gilder; I was in a two pair of stair room when I saw the prisoners go into the prosecutor's house: neither of them had any thing when they entered the house, I am sure - it rained at the time; I lost sight of Mills then.
COURT. Q. Were they together in Bulstrode-street? Yes.
CHARLES SAUNDERSON. This desk is mine and this seal I can swear to; they were in my back parlour - I cannot swear to the umbrella.
Mills' Defence. I know nothing of the robbery.
Davis' Defence. I was going along, and a gentleman asked me to carry the desk, and said he would give me 1s. - I had before that one shilling and two penny pieces in my pocket; I stopped to tie the desk up, that it should not get wet, and this gentleman came and asked, whose it was; I said it was at Mr. Sams', and asked him to go with me to him.
MILLS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
