




2008. 




JOSEPH JACKSON
 and 




GEORGE ROBINSON
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Fulford, on the 
3rd of August, at 
St. Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 gown, value 5s.; 1 shawl, value 10s.; 1 printed book, value 1s. 6d.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; 1 bed-gown, value 1s. 6d.; 1 shift, value 2s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 7 aprons, value 3s.; 1 petticoat, value 2s.; 1 brush, value 1s.; and 2 caps, value 1s.; the goods of 



Hannah Fulford.






HANNAH FULFORD
. I am the sister of William Fulford, and live with him, in Long-lane, Bermondsey. On the 3rd of August, about five o'clock in the morning, the policeman alarmed my brother—I went down stairs, and found a square of glass taken out of the back parlour window, which had been fastened, but was then wide open—I found the front door open, which I had bolted, top and bottom, the night before—there is a garden behind the house—I had placed a bundle of wearing apparel on the side board, under the back window, which I found open, and they were gone then—these are my things (looking at them.)





THOMAS BEST
. On Thursday morning, the 3rd of August, about five o'clock, I was going to work, and saw a man standing at the prosecutor's door; and, in about a minute, I saw two men come out, both with bundles, and go up the lane, towards St. George's church—I could not alarm the people of the house, but I kept my eye on them a good way—I saw a policeman, and told him—I lost sight of them before I saw the policeman, but had a good view of them, and I am certain it was the prisoners—I had seen them before.

Jackson. He watched me down Long-lane—this door was wide open, and the bundle lying at it—there was nobody with me. Witness. There were two more with him.

Robinson. I was going to work—I know nothing of it. Witness. I am quite sure he was standing at the door—the others had the bundles.





THOMAS CORSTON
. I am a policeman. Best gave me information about a quarter past five o'clock—I went towards St. George's church, and, after getting round a nook about fifty yards from the prosecutor's house, I saw the two prisoners in company together, walking on the pavement—Jackson had a bundle—I followed them to Richardson-street—they saw me, and turned up again—I followed, and saw them together in King-street, and took them in the Borough—I asked Jackson what he had in the bundle—he made no answer, but looked confused—I desired another man to take Robinson, and he ran away up Union-street; but I saw him apprehended

—they were both before the Magistrate about half past eleven o'clock that day.

Robinson. I was not in company with the man at all—I was across the road. Witness. I saw them together three times between the house and the Borough—they walked about a mile together. Jackson. The witness would say any thing for a day's pay.

JACKSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

ROBINSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.





Transported for Life.


Before Mr. Recorder.

