





757. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KIRBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of March
, 2 saws, value 11s.; 4 planes, value 12s.; 1 oil-stone, value 4s.; 2 hammers, value 2s.; 15 chisels, value 5s.; 1 pair of compasses, value 1s.; 1 square, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of pincers, value 1s.; 4 gimblets, value 9d.; 2 files, value 9d. and 1 tool-basket, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Headen
                  




               
            .


                  MATTHEW 
                  HEADEN
               



            . I am a carpenter
. On Saturday night, the 27th of March, I left my basket of tools in care of Cooper, at the Swan, Commercial-road


 - the prisoner was a stranger to me; I never authorized him to fetch them away - I went for them on Monday morning, between six and seven o'clock, and they were gone.


                  JOHN 
                  COOPER
               



            . I keep the Swan, Commercial-road. The prisoner came on Sunday morning, about half-past ten o'clock, and said he came for his mate's tools - he was quite a stranger; I asked if there were any saws on the top of the basket - he said two, and I gave him Headen's basket.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a rope-maker. I met the prisoner by Stepney church, on Sunday evening, with a basket of tools - he was drunk, and beckoned to me, and said he would satisfy me if I would carry the basket for him; I carried it for him to Rosemary-lane - he went into Hadden's shop, and offered the tools for sale for 10s.; Hadden asked if he would take less - he said a crown; Hadden went out, and fetched two officers.


                  THOMAS 
                  HADDEN
               



            . I deal in marine-stores. The prisoner offered me the tools - I suspected him, and fetched an officer.


                  ROBERT 
                  CREABAR
               



            . I belong to the Thames Police. I asked the prisoner whose the tools were - he said they were his own - that he was carpenter of a ship, and lived on Cock-hill.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming out of the docks on Saturday, and met a carpenter who I was formerly acquainted with; I went into two public-houses with him, and got too much liquor - he left his basket of tools in care of the landlord, and said he would come for them in the morning, but in the morning he could not find the house; he came and asked me to go and look for the house - I went, and asked this gentleman if I and my shipmate had not left a basket of tools there, and he gave me these; I did not know but they were my mate's, as there were two saws in his basket.


                  JOHN 
                  COOPER
               



            . It was the only basket I had in my possession.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 52. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
