





1024. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     RODENWINCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of March
, 4 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, and five 5l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Fenwick
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            ; against the Statute, &c.
WILLIAM FENWICK. I belong to the Juno. On the 13th of March I found the prisoner at the sign of the Crown, where I went to have some refreshment - she asked me to treat her, which I did; I went to the Match-walk


 with her, to a house - I agreed to stay all night with her; I had changed one 5l. note, and put the change into my purse - I had five other 5l. notes there; I am sure it was all safe when I got to the room - I put my purse in my trousers, and put them on a chair; we went to bed at near twelve o'clock - I awoke about seven, and she was gone; I looked into my trousers, and the money and purse were gone - I gave information; I am sure she is the girl.
Prisoner. Q. You know you went with two girls, and bade me good night? A. No - I am sure you are the girl.


                  HENRY 
                  LENNON
               



             (Police-constable, K 98.) The captain
 told me he had been robbed, and gave a description of the girl - I went and searched the house, and found this purse between the sheet and bolster, in the bed down stairs; the prosecutor said it was the bed the girl took him to.


                  MARY 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am bar-maid at the Crown. I saw the prisoner and the prosecutor there; I changed a 5l. note for him, and he put the money safe before he left the bar; the prisoner was not at the bar a when he took his change, but they went out together - they were both intoxicated.


                  GEORGE 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . About half-past twelve o'clock on the 13th of March I met the prisoner and the captain in the highway; he said to me, "This girl is following me, and I can't get rid of her;" I turned her away, and he said he was going to Lower Shadwell - in ten minutes I saw them together again, going towards the Match-walk.(Purse produced and sworn to)

Prisoner's Defence. He asked me to have part of a pint of half-and-half; he then asked if I would have another - I said Yes; he then gave me a glass of gin - when we came out he asked where I lived; I said not about there - the Policeman said, "Go on," and I went one way and he another - two girls then came up, one an Irish and one and English girl; he went away with them - I never saw him again.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - Transported 


               for Fourteen Years
            .
