






1092. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     ROUT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SAUNDERS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Howlett
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  ANDREWS
               



             (police-constable M 45). I was on duty on Saturday evening, the 18th of May, in Fleet-street


, between seven and eight o'clock - I was a few yards from Bouverie-street, and saw the two prisoners on the opposite side of the way - I saw Rout take this handkerchief from Mr. Howlett's pocket and give it to Saunders, who was behind him, and Saunders put it into his hat - I crossed over and told the prosecutor he had been robbed, and if he would step with me we could secure the prisoners - we went after them as far as the Temple; we took them and I found the handkerchief in Saunders's hat.


                  HENRY 
                  HOWLETT
               



            . I was in Fleet-street on the 18th of May; this witness came to me and asked if I missed anything - I felt and missed my handkerchief - I went down Bouverie street, and in the Temple we took the prisoners and accused them of it - Saunders took off his hat and said, "I picked up this handkerchief, if it is yours, you are welcome to it."
Saunders's Defence (written). I stand charged before you with felony, but which charge I can assure your Lordship, and Gentlemen of the Jury, I am as innocent of as a new-born infant. I was going along Fleet-street and I saw a handkerchief on the pavement; I picked it up and put it into my hat, and was proceeding down Bouverie-street, Fleet-street, when I was accosted by the officer to know whether I had not got a handkerchief. I immediately answered I had, and that I had picked it up; but I said, "If it is yours, you are welcome to it." This said to the officer. I was not aware at the time he was an officer, he having plain clothes on; but was very much alarmed when he took me into custody. As for the other prisoner, I never saw him before he was taken into custody about the time I was.


                  John 
                  Miller
               



            , 9, Holgate-street; 
               
                  James 
                  Nelson
               



            , Bedfordbury; deposed to the prisoner Saunders good character.
ROUT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SAUNDERS - GUILTY. Aged 19.




               Confined Six Months
            .




               Recommended to Mercy by the Jury and Prosecutor
            .
