






375. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     DOOLING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of December

, 1 sovereign, the money of 
                     
                        
                           Magnus 
                           Jameison
                        



                     
                  , from his person
            ; and 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     CARR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  MAGNUS 
                  JAMEISON
               



            . I belong to the Hopewell bark. On the 29th of December I was going home at a late hour, and lost my road - I met Dooling, who asked me to go home with her; I asked if she would direct me to my lodging, and said I would satisfy her for her trouble; she took me down a street which I thought was not right, but she said it was - she got me into a house; I had not been there five minutes before I was going out, as I knew it was not my lodging, and she shoved her hand into my trousers pocket, and got the sovereign out; I was not drunk, but not quite sober - I should not have gone into the house but she told me it was the right house; I had nothing to do with her - I am sure I had a sovereign and a half when I went out; I had changed the half-sovereign, and had the sovereign in gold in one pocket, and some silver in theother - as soon as I missed my sovereign I went to the door, and called Police! I did not notice Carr at all.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. You went into a bed-room? A. Yes; I am sure I had no connexion with Dooling - I did not notice the room till I got into it; I did not put any coppers on the mantel-piece - I did not go to bed, nor was I on the bed; I said, "I am not going to stop here," and I was going down when she took the sovereign.


                  LAWRENCE 
                  WILSON
               



            . I went to the house that night to get a lodging; when I had been there a minute or two, I heard a row up stairs - the prosecutor and Dooling came down; he said he had lost a sovereign - he went to the door and sung out Watch! in the mean time Dooling slung herself round, and slipped the sovereign into Carr's hand, who was sitting there - the officer came in; he went up stairs, and came down, but could not find any sovereign; I took hold of Carr's hand, and said, "I will show you where the sovereign is;" he found it in her hand - she had been down stairs in the room where I was; she had not been up stairs at all.
Cross-examined. Q. Was there nothing in Carr's hand but the sovereign? A. No; she said she would not give it to me, but to the officer.


                  JAMES 
                  FORBES
               



             (Police-constable K 94.) I was on duty at half-past twelve o'clock that night, in Ratcliff-highway - I heard a cry of Watch! I went to the door, and saw the prosecutor outside; he said, "I have lost a sovereign in this house;" he gave me this piece of paper, which has still the print of a sovereign on it - I went in, and said to Dooling, "Where is this sovereign?" she said,
"I have not got it; he had no sovereign, and there is not one in the house" - I went up stairs, but could not find it; I came down, and Wilson said, "I will show you where it is;" he had hold of Carr's hand - I took the sovereign out; he said he saw the other give it to her; he asked her to give it him, but she would not - the prosecutor said the sovereign had been in this paper, it had been taken out, and the paper put into his pocket again.


                  JAMES 
                  WHITE
               



             (Police-constable K 285.) The two prisoners were brought to the watch-house - Dooling said she put her hand into the prosecutor's waistcoat pocket, and took 2 1/2d. and a sovereign out.
Dooling's Defence. I met him very tipsy - he said,"Do take me home, I will pay you for your trouble;" he then stood a few minutes, and said he had been robbed of his watch - I said, "Look, perhaps you have got it in your pocket," and he found it there - he then gave me 2d. worth of rum; he then asked me to take him to Back-lane - I took him a little way; he was too drunk to go any further - he then said he would go home with me; I took him up stairs; he sat down on the bed, and discharged his stomach - he said, "I have no money to-night, I will pay you to-morrow;" I said, "The old woman must be paid, give me your watch;" he then put his hand into his pocket, and took 2 1/2d. and a sovereign out of his pocket - I took the sovereign down to the woman, thinking it was a shilling, and put the half pence on the mantel-piece - he then got up, said he was better, and would go; he took the halfpence off the mantel-piece, and then said he had lost a sovereign - he called this officer, who found the sovereign on Carr, but she did not know what was in her hand, nor did I.
DOOLING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CARR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Confined Six Months
            .
