





1266. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RATFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, 4 shillings
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Briscoe
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  BRISCOE
               



            . I am the wife of William Briscoe - we keep the Rose and Crown, in Clare-court




. The prisoner came in on the 17th of April, just as I had received a handful of silver from one of my servants; he came into my parlour, begged pardon, and asked if I would give him four sixpences for two shillings; I looked, and said I had only three - I asked my son for one; he then put his hand to my hand, apologized for touching me, and said, "You have a bad shilling, a lion and a lamb shilling," and he took up four shillings between his fingers; my son saw him do it, and took him into another room, where it was taken from him.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. I believe this was in the middle of the day? A. Yes, about eleven o'clock; I was not aware that I had a lion and lamb shilling in my hand - the prisoner did not give me the two shillings; I had counted the money in my hand; I had seventeen shillings and three sixpences.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHELLEY
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's son. What my mother has stated is correct; I watched the prisoner when I saw him touch the money - I saw him secretly working four shillings between his fingers - I then got up, and watched his hand; when he was about bidding my mother good morning, I seized his hand, bent it back, and took him in the back parlour; the officer came, and took him - there were three shillings found in his hand, and one had dropped on the floor - the four sixpences were in his other hand.
Cross-examined. Q.Did you not charge him first of all with taking six shillings between his fingers? A. No, I am certain he had not this silver in his hand before he took it from my mother.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GARDNER
               



             (Police-constable T 98). I was sent for - I took the prisoner, and found three shillings in one of his hands; one had dropped on the floor - I found a pair of black gloves on him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
