






2438. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     FOLEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BRIDGE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Warton
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
CHARLES WARTON. I am an auctioneer
, and live in Threadneedle-street. On the 5th of October, about ten o'clock in the morning, I was in New-street, Covent-garden


, and had my handkerchief in my pocket; Ruffy gave me information, and I missed it - I saw Bridge there, but not Foley.


                  JOHN 
                  RUFFY
               



            . I am an oilman, and live in James-street, Covent-garden. I was in New-street, and saw the prisoners together; my attention was attracted by Foley beckoning to a boy behind him - I watched, and saw Bridge take a handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket, and put it behind him; Foley was alongside him, and could not help seeing it - I informed the prosecutor, and then pursued; they took different directions - Bridge dropped the handkerchief in the middle of the road, and was taken directly after by the Policeman, who took it up- Foley was brought to the station in about half an hour; I had not seen him do any thing.


                  THOMAS 
                  POCOCK
               



            . I am a Policeman. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw Bridge running; he put his hand into his bosom, and threw the handkerchief away; I took it up and secured him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Foley's Defence. I was going to the workhouse for my mother's money, and had the ticket in my hand.


                  THOMAS 
                  POCOCK
               



            . He had the ticket in his pocket, and said as he does now.
Bridge's Defence. I met this boy, and asked where he was going; I was by the gentleman, but never touched him.
BRIDGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
FOLEY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
