





385. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of December
, in the Liberty of the Rolls, 1 padlock, and key, value 6d.; 1 crown, 3 half-crowns, 10 shillings, and one 10l. Bank note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Crofts
                        




                     
                   in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CROFTS
               



            . I am a bookseller
, and live in Chancery-lane, in the Liberty of the Rolls


. The prisoner was my errand-boy
 for about eight weeks - he is eleven years old; this Bank note was in my cash box - I saw it there on Monday morning, two days before it was taken; the cash-box is generally locked - the money was in the till under the desk; the cash-box was kept in my box looked up - I sent for an officer, and gave him in charge, in the shop, and charged him with taking a shilling out of my till; I had not then examined my cash-box - he was searched, and the 10l. note found in a leather purse in his pocket, and 22s. in silver was found on him, in half-crowns and shillings; the padlock and key, belonging to a glass-case in the shop, was found on him.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did he not say he had found the 10l. note behind the counter? A. No, not at any time; I took him without a character, as I hadknown him four years - I left my key in the till intentionally that day; I had not done so before.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRIMWOOD
               



            . I am a drawing-instrument maker, but having no employment, I drive a cab. I was on the rank in the Strand - the prisoner came and asked what I would take him to Exeter-hall for, and back to Chancery-lane - as he came back he asked me to drive him about to different places, where he said his master had sent him - I drove him about for thirteen days or a fortnight; he paid me for it - he told me Mr. Crofts was his master; I drove him once to Stratford, Kennington, and Chelsea, and different places - the most I received from him at one time was 6s.; he generally appeared to have plenty of money - I know nothing of the 10l. note.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you driven a cab? A. About three months - he paid me 6s. one Saturday night for taking him to Stratford, over the second bridge; I waited for him at the end of the bridge - I once took him to Kennington, where he said he had a letter to deliver; he always had a letter with him, which he said he was to deliver - I at last suspected something; I told him I had rather not carry him any more, for I was afraid I should get into trouble - I have often driven him to his master's door; I asked him if his master was at home - the other boy used to come to the door when he jumped into the cab, and I, of course, thought all was right - he once changed a sovereign - I never gave him a bad half-crown.


                  JOHN 
                  GURNEY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was sent for and took charge of the prisoner in the shop; I found 22s. 6d. on him in silver, a 10l. Bank note, and a purse in his right-hand trousers pocket - he said he found the note under Mr. Crofts' writing-desk.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he say so in Mr. Croft's presence? A. Yes, he said he found it under the counter, loud enough for Mr. Crofts to hear.
MR. CROFTS. I can distinctly swear to the note; he said at Bow-street that he found it on the desk, rolled up.
Prisoner's Defence. I found the note under the desk.
Three witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.
GUILTY. Aged 12. - 


               Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
