





Before Mr. Baron Garrow.
1859. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HANSON
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for embezzlement
            .


                     JOHN 
                     BROWN
                  




               
            . I am a coal-merchant
, and live at Brentford


; the prisoner was in my service in August last; 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Jacobs
               



             and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Quinley
               



             are customers of mine - the prisoner was authorized to receive money for coals, and should account to me every evening for what he carried out in the course of the day, whether it was paid for or to be booked - he was sent out with some coals on the 8th of July; when he came home in the evening he booked one sack of coals to Mrs. Jacobs, saying she had not enough to pay him, but had given him 3s. on account; I am quite sure I never received the rest from him, which was 5s. if I had, it would have been entered. On the 23rd of August he booked 12s. to Mrs. Jacobs, saying she had three sacks of coals, and had not money to pay for them; he never paid me for them - he stated that he had delivered to Mrs. Kelly two sacks which came to 8s., on credit; he never paid me that money.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS, Q. Were you in the habit of seeing Mrs. Jacobs? A. I had not seen her when he paid the 3s.; I have known him sometimes give receipts, but not always; I had no quarrel with him more han charging him with being lazy - I took him to the office about furious driving, but not about breaking my horse's knee; the charge was dismissed.


                  SARAH 
                  JACOBS
               



            . In July last I bought three sacks of coals of the prosecutor, which came to 12s. - I paid the prisoner the whole 12s.; I bought more in August, and paid him 12s. for them all at once.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you not in the habit of taking receipts? A. I did for the first transaction. but as my neighbour saw me pay the second, I depended on that - the first dealing I had with the prisoner, he came and asked if I wanted coals; I had no money - he called on Mond, and I gave him 5s. 3d. on account, and took a receipt for that; I am sure I paid him the whole amount for the two parcels in question; my neighbour stood by while I paid him.


                  ANN 
                  QUINLEY
               



            . I had some coals from the prisoner; I do not know the date - I always pay for the first two sacks before I have any more; I paid part every week, and am quite certain I paid the prisoner the whole amount.
Cross-examined. Q. Can you tell in what sums you paid him? A. Sometimes 1s., 1s. 6d., or 2s. - he charges me in the book for 8s., I only owed 2s.; I took a receipt for the last payment - here it is; it says, "Received on or about 6s., left 2s." - it has no date or name.
Prisoner's Defence. She never paid me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
