



385. 




MARY CALLAN
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Margaret Caton, on the 
21st of December, at St. John the Evangelist, Westminster, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 pairs of trowsers, value 1l.; 2 waistcoats, value 4s.; and I coat, value 5s.; the goods of 



Maurice Buckley.






MAURICE BUCKLEY
. I lodge with my mother, Hannah Buckley, in Old Pye-street. Margaret Caton rents the whole house—she lives in it—I pay my rent to her—it is in the parish of St. John, Westminster—I lost this property on the night of the 21st of December—I had seen it safe at ten o'clock when I went to bed—it was in my bed-room—I have known the prisoner about the neighbourhood, but knew nothing against her—she had lived in the house about two months, but did not live there at this time—my mother who slept in the same room awoke me in the

sight and said, "There is a person in the room"—I found the prisoner a the room, and knowing her I let her go—the door was not locked but shut, and fastened with a latch—it was about one o'clock in the morning—I cannot say how she got into the house—I cannot say whether the street door was fastened or not—about ten minutes after she was gone I struck a light and missed the property, which I am certain was there when I went to bed—it has been found since.





HANNAH BUCKLEY
. I am the mother of the last witness. I went to bed after my son—I latched the door, and put the sand-bag at the bottom—I did not go to sleep at all, and at one o'clock in the morning I heard something in my closet, which I thought was the cat—I tuned round, and saw the prisoner coming out of the closet—she frightened me—I thought she was a ghost—I called my son, and when he got up he missed the property—I had gone to bed about eleven o'clock.





ROBERT SUTTLE
. I am a policeman. I had information of this about one o'clock in the morning—I went to a house in St. Ann-street, from information, and found the prisoner lying on the bed there, apparently drunk—she had been drinking—I said to a woman in the room, "When are the clothes this girl has just brought in?"—she said, "There they lay, by the side of her," and there I found this property, and took the prisoner into custody.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I cannot tell how I got into the place—I had been drinking all day, and was in the habit of going to that place—I cannot tell how I got there—I found myself at the station-house in the morning.





MAURICE BUCKLEY

re-examined. She appeared to have been drinking—when she lived in the house, she frequently came down into the room to my mother—I never had any thing to do with her—I never invited her to the house—I did not see the bundle when I let her out.





HANNAH BUCKLEY

re-examined. I am sure I had latched the door—I had not looked into the cupboard before I went to bed—she might have been concealed there before I went to bed.




GUILTY† of stealing only. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

