





821. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROCKWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of February
, 12 shirts, value 3l.; 1 sheet, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 2s.; 1 pair of window-blinds, value 1s.; 1 half-sovereign, and 3 half-crowns
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Lonton
                  




               
            .
GEORGE LONTON. When this happened I lived in Catherine-court


. I have known the prisoner ten years, and he had lodged with me eleven weeks - he is a coalporter
; on the 13th of February I had no other lodger but the prisoner - he went to bed that night about ten o'clock; he asked for a candle; my wife gave it him, and she went to bed about half-past ten - I went to bed about eleven; I double-locked the door, and bolted it - I looked round and all was safe; there was 17s. 6d. laid on the mantel-piece, under a little image, and the articles stated were in a bundle in the room - I got up first the next morning, about eight o'clock; I found the street door unbolted, and these articles and money were gone - I went into the prisoner's room; he was gone and the bed appeared not to have been slept in - there had been no one else in the house: I did not see him again till the 11th of March, when I met him, and said, "Jemmy, I have caught you at last; I thought I should drop upon you;" he said,"Now you have met me, what can you do with me?" I collared him, and gave charge of him - I said, "You know I am a hard-working man, where are my things?" he said,"That you have got to find out."
ELIZABETH LONTON. I am the prosecutor's wife. What he has said is true - there was no one in the house but the prisoner.
MARY WETHERSTONE. I live opposite the prosecutor. About ten o'clock on the night in question, I came home - the prosecutor and his wife were having a few words; I said, "What is the matter?" and they told me to go and see - the prisoner came home, and they told him to go to bed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CART
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner from the prosecutor - he asked him where his property was, and he said, "That you have got to find out."
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
