







2047. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     PHILIP
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MANNING
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RANDS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of August
, 1 jar, value 4d.; 36 pennies, and 84 halfpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Leonard 
                           Wass
                        




                     
                  , and another
            .


                  ANN 
                  WASS
               



            . I live with my brother, Leonard Wass - we keep a little chandler's shop


 in Wentworth-street, Whitechapel


. On Sunday night, the 14th of August, between eleven and twelve o'clock, the prisoners Manning and Rands came to the shop, and had some beef and bread; they staid and eat it, and began to make a noise - my brother put them out, saying he would not have a noise there; he then shut the shop-window, put the door too, and went out to get a pint of beer - I took the jar, with the copper money in it, and counted the money into it; it stood on the counter - I heard the shopdoor creak, looked up, and saw something like a shadow passing; a neighbour came in, and gave me information - I then found my jar and money gone; there was 6s. 6d. in pence and halfpence in it.


                  ANN 
                  SHEEN
               



            . I am a neighbour of Wass'. I saw all the three prisoners, and two more that night - they all came together; I only saw three come to the shop - I heard them making a noise, and Wass turned them out; he went down the street, after shutting up his shutters, and drawing the door after him; I saw Rands and Manning, a brother of Manning's, and Philip and another man who is absent, all standing in the gateway by Wass' door - two of them went into the shop, and the other three remained outside; Philip took the jar out, and gave it to the other man, who they call "Waggoner;" he was one of the five - I had been watching them for half an hour; I gave an alarm directly - Manning and Rands were taken by a Policeman, who came up; they were close to the door when Philip and the other man went in and took the jar; they had kept together for about half an hour before.
Philip. Q. Did you see me - I was asleep, drunk, at a public-house at the time? A. I saw you.


                  HENRY 
                  BOLTON
               



            . I am a Policeman. I received information from Sheen, and took Rands, who stood about the centre of the street, four or five yards from the prosecutor's door - he was in company with Manning.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STRAND
               



            . I am a Policeman. I heard the alarm, and took Manning four or five yards from the prosecutor's house; I had gone down the street ten minutes before, when two of the prisoners, and three or four more, were standing against the window, all in company.


                  HENRY 
                  COTTON
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended Philip next day in Wentworth-street.
Philip's Defence. I got rather tipsy, and went to a public-house, laid down, and went to sleep till about twelve o'clock - two young men came in, and raised me up to go and have a quartern of liquor at the bar, which I did - Mr. Wass came in for half a pint of beer, and when he went back his shop was robbed; I have subpoenaed a witness who was sitting by the side of Mrs. Sheen, and must have seen more of the robbery.
Manning's Defence. I went to the shop and bought what I wanted; I went out, and two or three hundred yards from the shop, heard of the robbery - I went back, and they took me.
Rand's Defence. I went and bought the bread and meat, and got about a hundred yards from the shop, I heard it was robbed, returned, and stood by my fellow prisoner; Mrs. Sheen came and gave charge of us.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HALL
               



            . My husband is a carpenter; we live at No. 99, Wentworth-street, and keep the house. I was sitting by the side of Sheen; she said to me, "There is somebody has brought something out of Wass' shop, and given it to another man;" upon that, three men ran by - we both went to Wass' shop, and asked if she had lost any thing; she looked, and at last said she missed a jar with halfpence in it - we then came out; I sat down at their door, and Sheen said, "This is some of your concern, Mr. Manning," and they instantly came round Sheen; I had frequently seen Manning in the street up and down.
PHILIP - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
MANNING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
RANDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
