





Before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
981. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WALKINSHAW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of April
, 1 watch, value 30s.; 1 watch-key, value 6d., and 1 piece of ribbon, value 1d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
RICHARD JONES. I am a solicitor's clerk
. I was in Brook-street, Holborn


, on the 16th of April, about a quarter before seven o'clock in the evening; three or four young men came round me, but I could not recognize any one of them - they hustled me about and then ran off; I put my hand to my fob immediately, and missed my watch; it was a double-cased silver watch - I can't say that the prisoner was one of them.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. I suppose you were sober? A. Yes.


                  HENRY 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Wilson, of Eyre-street-hill. I was in Brook-street on the evening in question; I saw Mr. Jones there, and three or four young men about him - the prisoner came in front of him and snatched his watch from his fob; it appeared to be a silver watch - they all ran over the road and up Fox-court; I was taken to a house in Drury-lane about ten or eleven o'clock the same night, and the officer brought the prisoner down to me - I am sure he is the person.
Cross-examined. Q. This occurred all in a moment? A. Yes, the prisoner was a stranger to me; I went on to Leather-lane after I saw it, and when I got there it was about five minutes past seven o'clock; when I went to the public-house, the prisoner was brought down to me.
Q. Now, consider; did you not say when you saw him,"I think he is the man?" A. No, I did not; I am sure he is the man.
COURT. Q. Then you did not say "I think he is the man?" A. The policeman brought him down and said"Do you know this man;" I said he is very much like him - he then turned round and I said, "That is the man, but he has changed his waistcoat."


                  RICHARD 
                  BAYLIS
               



             (police-sergeant G 5). I heard of this about nine in the evening, from the son of the gaoler at Hatton-garden; I went to Johnson, and he described the prisoner - I went to the Great Mogul in Drury-lane, saw the prisoner there with three or four other men; I brought him down, and Johnson said, "I think it is him"- I said, "Be sure;" the prisoner then turned round, and he said, "I am sure it is him, only he has changed his waistcoat" - I have known the prisoner a long time, his parents are respectable - I can't find the watch.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 16th of April, from six o'clock till half-past eight, I was at work for my father at his house, No. 21, Tash-street - I was polishing a watch ready for gilding; when my father came home, he gave me a shilling - I went to the Great Mogul, and the officer came and took me.


                  JAMES 
                  WALKINSHAW
               



            . I am the prisoner's father. I am a watch-finisher, and live at No. 21, Tash-street - on the evening my son was taken, I went from home at six o'clock, leaving him at home at tea; I returned a quarter before nine; I had left him a piece of work which he could not do in less than an hour and a half or two hours - the work was done.
COURT. Q. You live but a short distance from Brook-street? A. No, the prisoner might have gone out - I can't account for the officer picking him out in Drury-lane, but I believe he frequently went there in the evening - my son was in trouble once before, I think it was for stealing a plane.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
