





1225. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     GALLAGHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of April
, 1 night-gown, value 5s.; 1 scarf, value 10s.; 1 apron, value 1s.; 1 towel, value 3d.; 1 yard of ribbon, value 1s., and two books, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Philip 
                           Walker
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .
MARY WALKER. I am the wife of Philip Walker; he is a tailor
. The prisoner was six weeks in our service, and was going away on the 7th of April - I had given her warning; I said I would have her box looked at - she opened it - I saw nothing of mine, but I did not examine it; in the course of the evening I saw she had something on which did not belong to her; I spoke to her about it - she said it was her own, and she had four like it - I said it was too late for her to go that night; she went the next morning, but did not take her box - she sent the next night for it, but I would not let her have it; she came on the Saturday night, and then turned out her box - I found in it a night-gown of mine; she said it was her own, and that she had four of them - the officer was then called in; she confessed at the station-house that it was mine - I can swear to that, but not to the silk.
JOHN WEST (Police-constable E 42). I searched the prisoner's boxes on the Monday morning - I found in one this towel, this apron, and one yard and a half of ribbon; and in another, two books, a pair of shoes, and a key, which opened a chest of drawers in her mistress' room - there was a dress and some other articles in pledge, which the pawnbrokers have given up.
ELLEN DOUGLAS. This shift belongs to a lady I live with in that house - it is not in the indictment.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
