





1416. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     VANCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of April
, 1 coat, value 14s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Hanshaw
               




            .


                  GEORGE 
                  HANSHAW
               



            . I am a carman
, and lodge at Limehouse


. On the 9th of April, when I went out in the morning, I left my coat hanging up - I sent nobody for it; the prisoner was also a carman
 - I never sent him for it; I have not seen it since - Jeffs was in the house.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Did you ever state that you had seen it since? A. Yes, but when I came to look at the coat I found it was not mine.
JANE JEFFS. I am ten years old, and live with my parents. When the prosecutor went out, a man came, knocked at the door, and asked for Mr. Hanshaw's-coat - the prisoner is the man; I did not give it to him - he walked in, and took it himself; it was a white coat - he pointed, and asked me to pull a box from under the bed; I pulled it out, and it was locked - he tried it; it was a heavy trunk.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen him before? A. No - he was not long there; it was a wet day - he had a great coat on, and fustian trousers; I took particular notice of him - I have always said he was the man; I saw him again in about two months, at the Thames Police - I am sure he is the man.


                  GEORGE 
                  HANSHAW
               



            . I did not know who took my coat - the prisoner had been with me a good deal before, but I did not see him afterwards.
Prisoner's Defence. He said he saw a gentleman in Whitechapel with his coat on - that person has never been brought forward; that little girl never saw me till I was at the office - I never knew where the prosecutor lived.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
