




2240. 




JOSEPH BARKER
 and 




GEORGE ALEXANDER
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
18th of October, 1 coat, value 15s.; 1 waist coat, value 4s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; and 1 shirt, value 3s.; the goods of 



Mark Richard Clark; and 8 pairs of boots, value 16s.; the materials for making 20 pairs of boots, value 26s.; and 2 sheets, value 6s.; the goods of 



Henry Messenger, the master of the said Joseph Barker.






HENRY MESSENGER
. I am a shoe-maker, and live in Brick-lane, Bethnal-green. The two prisoners were both in my service, as journeymen, and slept on my premises—Alexander had been there about six days, and the other about twelve—they both left me without notice on the morning of the 18th of October—I was called that morning, and went into the room—I missed twenty-eight pairs of boots, and the sheets of the bed—we found the prisoners in Golden-lane in the evening, walking together—Alexander had a coat, waistcoat, and handkerchief on, which was part of the stolen property—Barker had nothing but the duplicate of a pair of boots—Alexander tried to get away.





JOHN HILL
. I am an officer. Alexander was given into my custody, and Barker was brought to the watch-house—Alexander had this coat, waistcoat, and handkerchief on—I found a tobacco-box full of duplicate ons Barker, and one of them was for a pair of boots, which the prosecutor identified.





ARTHUR SOWERBY
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Brick-lane I have a pair of boots, pawned with me on the Saturday before the examination, to the best of my belief, by the prisoner, Barker—the duplicate was given up at Worship-street, and destroyed by order of Mr. Grove, the Magistrate.





JOHN HAM
. I am foreman to the prosecutor. On Sunday week, about half-past six o'clock in the morning, Clark informed the prosecutor that he had been robbed, and the same evening, between eight and nine o'clock, we found the prisoners together—I caught Barker, and the other prisoner ran away—the duplicate was found on Barker, which was destroyed at the office.





CHARLES GRANT
. (police-constable H 25.) I was sent for to Mr. Messenger's and the witness, Baxter, brought me this sheet, this leather, and shoes, and other things.





HENRIETTA BAXTER
. On the 18th, the prisoner Barker came to my house, and asked if I had a lodging—he brought this sheet and property there.





MARK RICHARD CLARK
. I am in the employ of Mr. Messenger. I missed the prisoners on the Sunday, and my coat, waistcoat, and handkerchief were taken away—they were found on the prisoner Alexander, the same evening.





HENRY MESSENGER
. All these seventeen pairs of shoes, and this other property is mine—Barker was at work on the shoes—the prisoners worked together, they slept together, and were captured together.

Barker's Defence. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court—it is my first offence.

BARKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 68.

ALEXANDER—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.




Transported for Seven Years.
