






Before Mr. Justice Park.
367. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     DEVELING
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of February
, at St. Giles'-in-the-Fields, 18 spoons, value £7. 10s.; 3 sauce ladles, value £1. 15s.; 1 fish slice, value £1. 14s.; 1 wine strainer, value 14s.; 1 pair of sugar tongs, value 7s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Jarvis
                        




                     
                  , the master of the said Ann Develing, in his dwelling-house
            .
MR. GURNEY conducted the Prosecution.
THOMAS JARVIS. I am an attorney
, and live in Gower-street, in the parish of St. Giles


 - the prisoner Develing has been in my service about ten months; and she was in my father's service five or six years ago - on Monday, the 3d of February, in consequence of suspicions, and her having been drunk the whole day, I was induced to make inquiry, and on the 7th, I spoke to her respecting some bills she had to pay for me - I wished her to lay a statement of the accounts before me, telling her, I believed her conduct was incorrect - she almost immediately stated that she had lost £6 of my money; and on my saying I thought it almost next to impossible she could do so, she stated, that as she supposed she should have to go to prison, she might as well acknowledge at once to having robbed me of my plate which was in her care - she kept it under lock and key - I then examined the box where the plate was kept, and found wrapped up in paper, about fifteen pawnbrokers' duplicates - I had seen Smith on my premises more than once, and objected to Develing inviting her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Jarvis, and was in his house from ten o'clock in the morning until eight o'clock in the evening almost every day - I have seen Smith there frequently in the kitchen with Develing - the office is on the ground-floor.


                  THOMAS 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Boyce, a pawnbroker - I produce nine spoons, one fish slice, one sugar ladle, two sauce ladles, and a wine strainer, which were pawned by the prisoner Smith, between the 10th of August and the 30th of October, at different times - £2. 14s. is the highest amount advanced at one time; that was on the fish slice and two table spoons; she pawned them in the name of Jones, and said she was a lodging-house-keeper - the letter J is on the spoons.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RAMSAY
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Lowther - I have nine spoons and a pair of sugar tongs, pawned at different times, from the 7th of August to the 14th of December - the highest amount lent is five shilling - they were pawned by Smith, in the name of Ann Jones.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JAMES 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am a policeman - I apprehended Smith at a house in Russel-street, where she was visiting the servants - I told her a person wanted to see her outside, and when she came out, I told her a gentleman named Jarvis wanted to speak to her - she asked me several times what he wanted with her - I told her he charged her with being concerned with his servant in robbing him - she said she had not - in taking her from the station-house, she said, "I do not think they can do much to me; I did pawn the plate, but I gave all the money to Ann Develing.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a policeman - I have the tickets which I received from Mr. Jarvis - I apprehended Develing - I asked her what became of her master's plate - she said she had given it to a person named Smith - I then asked if those were the tickets the plate was pawned for - she said they were.
Develing's Defence. I never gave that man any tickets - I gave them to my master, and I gave the plate to my master - I have nothing to say for myself - I have behaved very wrong indeed.
Smith's Defence (written)."I was employed by the prisoner, Ann Develing, to pawn this plate for her - I gave her the money and tickets at the same time - Ann Develing said when her money would be due that she would redeem the plate."
DEVELING - GUILTY. Aged 50. - 


               of stealing under the value of £5
            . - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
SMITH - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
