






299. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     STIGGLES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of December

, 1 watch, value £2; 1 seal, value 10s.; 1 watch-key, value 1s.; 1 ring, value 1s.; 1 watch-chain, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Harkins
               



            ; and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, he well knowing them to have been stolen
            , against the Statute, &c.


                  CHARLES 
                  HARKINS
               



            . I am a millwright
 - on the 19th of December I met Stiggles in Mile-end-road, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day - she had a black eye - she was a stranger to me; but she came up and passed the compliment of the day to me, I said, "If you will come and have a drop of beer, I do not mind standing a pint" - we went to a public-house and had something to eat and drink - we stopped there an hour and a half - I then said I was going down to Limehouse to deliver some goods - we went down there, and I took her to another public-house, and had some more beer, and a quartern of gin - I was not drunk - I knew what I was about - she then said we might go to some place more convenient; and we then went to a house in Bluegate-fields



 - we went to bed together - I put my watch under the pillow - I had only a few coppers left which I gave her - when we had been in bed a few minutes she got up, and said she would go for some rum to treat the landlady - soon afterwards the landlady came into the room, and said, "Where is this good woman?" - I then missed my watch - I did not see Taylor at all.


                  JOHN 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker - I produce a watch, pawned on the 20th of December, about nine o'clock in the morning, by a man whom I believe to be Taylor.


                  JAMES 
                  JOHN CONELLY
               



             (police-constable H 135). I was sent for to Whitechapel watch-house, where I saw the prosecutor - he described the person, and I went and took a woman; but she was not the right one - I afterwards found the two prisoners sitting on one form in a lodging-house in Rose-lane, Spitalfields - Stiggles opened the door when I knocked, and asked what I wanted - I made no reply, but sent for the prosecutor - he said she was the woman, and I took both the prisoners.


                  HENRY 
                  ASLETT
               



             (police-sergeant H 89). I searched Taylor, and found the duplicate of the watch on him, in this pocket book, which has the same name in it as is on the duplicate.
Property produced and sworn to.
Stiggles' Defence. My father and mother sent me some money to go down into the country, and take my child - I had been drinking - when I was in the lodging-house that morning, the prisoner, Taylor, came in and said he had found this pocket-book, but there was nothing in it of any consequence - the officer then came in and sent for the prosecutor, who told me to turn round, and I did, and he said I was the woman - the officer took 7s. 3d. from me - my husband has used me ill, and lives with another woman.
STIGGLES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
