





91. 




MARY ANN DAVIS
 and 




ANN TYSON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
3rd of November, 3 pieces of silk handkerchiefs, containing 21 handkerchiefs, value 3l.15s., the goods of 



Thomas Boyle; Davis-having been before convicted of felony; and 




MARY DAVIS



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen.






THOMAS BOYLE
. I live in St. John-street, and am a draper. On the 3rd of November, I missed three pieces of silk handkerchiefs—Mr. Roe afterwards came, and produced one to me—I went with him to Mr. Waters, and saw two others—I then went to Harper-street, Goswell-street, and saw Mary Ann Davis—Roe and another officer then went and took Tyson, and brought her there—Mary Ann Davis then stated that Tyson and her had come to my shop, to ask for some quilling net—that Tyson had taken the handkerchiefs, and given them to her; but she had nothing to do with pawning them—Tyson denied it—the officer then went and brought Mary Davis—when she came, Tyson said, as the truth must be told, she would not bear all the blame—that Mary Davis knew all about it, and she went with her to pawn them at Mr. Upsall's—Mary Davis fell on her knees, and declared to God that she knew nothing about them—the pieces were marked, but there is no mark on these separate handkerchiefs—to the best of my belief, these are what I lost.





ROBERT UPSALL
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Barbican. On the 5th of November, Tyson came to my shop with Mary Ann Davis, and

offered some silk handkerchiefs to pawn—I had suspicion they were stolen—they said they belonged to Mr. Isaacs—I told them to go and send him—soon after Tyson came back with Mary Davis, who said they were her property—I said I should not give them up till the right owner came—Mary Davis said she had them from a tally shop over the water—these are the three handkerchiefs they brought—I told the officer of it.





ROBERT JAMES PEARSON
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Whitecross-street. I have two handkerchiefs pawned for 4s., on the 4th of November, by Mary Davis and a girl, but I cannot say who.





CHARLES WORLEY
. I am a pawnbroker. I have two handkerchiefs, pawned by a female, in the name of Ann Davis—I cannot say who.





JOHN ROE
. I am an officer. I called on Mr. Upsall—he showed me one of these handkerchiefs—I made inquiry, and found the prosecutor—I found Mary Davis at her house, and charged her with going to pawn them, which she denied.

MARY ANN DAVIS.—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

ANN TYSON.—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.




Transported for Seven Years.

MARY DAVIS—


NOT GUILTY
.
