



1072. 




CATHERINE REED
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwellings-house of 



Sophia Moore, about the hour of nine in the right of the 
16th of March, at 
St. Luke, with intent to steal, and stealing therein two pairs of stays, value 2s.; 2 petticoat, value 1s. 6d.; 2 aprons, value 9d.; 4 caps, value 3s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2d.; 1 pair of stocking, value 2d.; 1 bonnet, value 5s.; 1 gown, value 1s. 6d.; and 3 shirts, value 3s., the goods of 



Sophia Sergeant; and 1 cap, value 9d.; the goods of 



Sophia Moore; and that she had before been convicted of felony.






SOPHIA MOORE
. I am a window, and live in Weather-court, White-cross-street, in the parish of St. Luke, Middlesex. I have known the prisoner some years as a neighbour—on Sunday evening, the 13th of March, she came to my house, and I kept her all day—she said she had had some words with her mother, and in the evening I told her to go—she went away in the evening, and came again on Monday morning, and told me her father-in-law would let her in, provided her mother would consent—I advised her to return to her mother, for it was her place to bend to her mother, and her mother to her—i told her to come again, and let was know whether she had made it up with her mother, but not to come on Wednesday, as I should be out at work—i went out to work on Wednesday morning, the 16th of March, about seven o'clock—I returned again between ten and eleven o'clock at night—I left my little boy in charge of the place—I locked the door when I went out at seven o'clock, and shoved the key under the door inside for him to open the door to let himself out—when I came home, I found my boxes had been opened, and missed the articles stated—i found the room door locked—my little boy had come and met me down at his aunt's in Lam's-passage, Chiswell-street—my children always meet me there when I am late—I came in, I found on the floor two caps, a handkerchief, and a piece of patchwork—that led me to examine my boxes—two boxes had been opened, and the things goes—they were not locked before I went out—all the things lost, but one cap, belonged to Sophia Sergeant—they were left in my care—on the Friday following, I founded prisoner sitting on the step of a door in Banner-street, White-cross-street—i gave information to the officer, and she was taken into custody—I asked her what she was sitting there for—she she was waiting for a young girl—when I got the officer. I asked her how she could rob me—she said she had not robbed me.





MARY RYAN
. I am the wife of Timothy Ryan, policeman G 153—I lodge at the station-house. On Friday evening the 16th of March, the prisoner was brought in—I searcher her and found on her two petticoats

and a pair of stays, and at Worship-street I found an apron on her—I found a key in her stocking which she was wearing—I produces it.





HANNAH O'BRIEN
. I am the wife of Michael O'Brien, a labourer, and live in White Horse-court, Golden-lane. On the 18th of March I found some articles of wearing apparel in the water-closet where I live—there were stocking caps, aprons, petticoats, and a shift—I went to the station-house and got an officer to my place, and gave them to him—I have known the prisoner two or three years, but do not know how the things got there.





THOMAS SEALE
. (police-constable G 16) I went with O'Brien to White Horse-court, on the 17th of March about eight o'clock in the morning—she pointed out the things which I new produce—I went to the prosecutrix's house and brought away two caps, a handkerchief, and a piece of patchwork—i tried the key door—it unlocked it much easier than her own key.





OLIVER MOORE
. I am the prosecutrix's son. I and my brother were left in the house on the 16th of March—i found the key under the door, and let my brother out—I went out myself, and locked the door, and put the key into my pocket—I met my mother in the evening—I was not at home all day after going out in the morning—when I came in with my mother I saw the things on the floor.





SOPHIA MOORE

re-examined These things are what were taken out of the box—they were left in my charge, and were safe when I left my house on the morning of the 16th—the key found on the prisoner opened my door better than my own key—i missed nothing till the 17th.





CHARLES WALLER
 (City policeman, No.8) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at her trial in September, 1833—she in the person mentioned in the certificate (read.)
(Ellen Reed, the prisoner's sister, No 49, King-square, Old-street; Dennis Carr, labourer; Mary Carr, his wife; and Mary Dillon, of Reform-place, Whitecross-street; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY of housebreaking, not of burglary. Aged 20. 


Transported for Seven Years.

First Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
