



578. 




JOHN KEEFE
 was indicted

 for feloniously, knowingly, and without lawful excuse, having in his custody and possession a mould, upon which was made and impressed the apparent resemblance of the obverse side of a shilling. 2nd COUNT, stating it to be the reverse side.

The HON. MR. SCARLETT and MR. ELLIS
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM REYNOLDS
. I am a constable. On the 4th of January, about half-past twelve o'clock, I proceeded in company with Duke and Hall to a house at the corner of Carrier's-street, in Church-lane, St. Giles's—we found the street door open—we went to the front-room two-pair, and found the door fastened—I immediately burst the door open, and found the prisoner standing by the fire—he threw something from his hand and put his

foot on it, and succeeded in breaking it—I found it in pieces—I afterwards shoved him to the other aide of the room—he struggled very violently——his wife at that time came to his assistance, trying to get him away from me—I threw him across the chair—Duke came to my assistance—I got him off the chair and saw him bleeding at the neck—I asked him what be had been doing to himself there—his wife said I had done it—I picked up a small knife just against the chair—he said it was an abscess he had in his throat, and I afterwards found it to be so—I delivered him over to the custody of Hall—I then picked up off the floor near where he was standing, a bit of a poker which the door had been previously fastened with—the catch of the door was lying with it, having been forced off—there was no other fastening to the door than that—he said it was the only fastening they had to the door—I took this iron spoon off the fire—it was a very brisk coke fire—there was a little metal in a fused state in the spoon at the time—it appeared to have been placed there—the bowl was on the fire, and the handle off the coals—I brought both the prisoner and his wife away, and took them into the parlour of the Rose public-house—I searched the prisoner there, and found 1s. 6d. good money on him—I said to him, "It is a pity a young man like you should get yourself into this trouble"—he said he did not care so much about himself as he did about his wife and children—he had better do that than starve.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you said any thing to induce him to say that? A. No, there were several persons present—his wife was crying there, and said she had only been confined a fortnight—I kid hold of him by the collar, but not so that my hand coald go against the abscess—Duke also had hold of him—his hand could not have produced it—the blade of the knife was open, but there was no blood on it—I had got him across the chair, and his face was down wards—I thought he had cut his throat with the knife—it was not produced by our violence—it might have been done in the struggle—he had the mould in his band when I entered the room—I went there from information I had received





ROBERT DUKE
. I accompanied Reynolds and assisted in securing the prisoner—after that I went to the fire-place and picked up the pieces of the mould for a shilling—they were hot, and on the hearth in front of the fire-place, about two yards from where the struggle took place—the pieces were quite hot and broken—they have been since put together—it appeared as if metal had been poured into it—I also found a shilling quite hot on the hearth among the pieces of broken mould, and also some parts of broken moulds for half-crowns and sixpences on the hearth among the others, but sufficient to discern what they are for—I asked the prisoner if he had any thing else, such as files and so on—he said, "No, it is no use, if I had I would tell you, but I have not."





WILLIAM HALL
. I went up stairs soon after the other officers, and took charge of the prisoner—I searched about the room, and in the drawer of a small table I found three white-metal: spoons—I asked the prisoner if it was his place—he said it was, and that the goods belonged to Mr. Mason, his landlord, except two small boxes.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin, and have been in the habit of examining counterfeit coin many years—this is a plaster-of-Paris mould, on which is impressed the obverse and reverse sides of a shilling, dated 1816—it appears to have been used for the purpose of casting shillings, from the discoloration of the channel, by the metal being poured

into it—the shilling produced is a white-metal counterfeit shilling, which has been cast in this mould—I can say that from the mould being broken across—the shilling has the impression from that crack, as if it was thrown down while the shilling was hot—these others are pieces of plaster-of-Paris moulds for casting counterfeit half-crowns—they have the impression of both sides of a half-crown, and have been used—the shilling mould would produce a resemblance of a current shilling—the impression in the mould has been made by a good shilling—the other is a mould for six-pences—the spoons are Britannia metal of a similar kind to the shilling—the iron spoon has white-metal of the same description in it.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you compared the shilling made of Britannia-metal with a good shilling, to be satisfied that it represents it in all respects? A. I have, and have compared the impression of the mould also.




GUILTY
.†Aged 23.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

