





947. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of a man unknown, from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  DORRELL
               



            . I am a brush-maker, and live in Carnaby-street. On the Thursday before the 17th of March, I was in Cleveland-row


; there was a great crowd- I saw the prisoner there - he attempted two or three persons' pockets before he succeeded in taking a handkerchief; I at last saw him take one from a gentleman's pocket, and put it into his own left-hand trousers pocket; I told Hobbs, who drew his hand out, with the handkerchief in it, before he had time to put it away.
Prisoner. Q. How far were you from me? A. Close to you; I told the officer as soon as I saw you take the handkerchief; You made no resistance - I unbuttoned your pocket, and threw out two handkerchiefs; the crowd was so great, it was impossible to get to the gentleman - I mentioned it to him, then on turning to secure you, I lost sight of him; the gentleman was not so tall as you, to the best of my recollection, not very stout, nor very thin; I believe he had a black body coat on - you were taken to the station-house, but no handkerchiefs were found on you there- I believe three or four were found on you in going along, besides the one you are indicted for; you told the Magistrate you should reserve what you had to say till another time - you was then committed for a week, on the evidence of Hobbs, myself, and another person, who picked up the handkerchief, but who was not bound over; the deposition was taken on the 17th of March - it made no difference to me whether you were committed on suspicion or not; I get my subsistence by working at my trade; I do not attend Police-offices - I did not know the officers; I did not say any such word as "Here is one, John;" when the Policemen got round you, I went back to find the gentleman, but he was gone; I do not know what I shall receive here - I did not say on the first examination that I apprehended you on suspicion; my name was put foremost at Clerkenwell Session, or I should not have prosecuted - I was examined as a witness.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the Thursday before the 17th of March I was on duty at the bottom of St. James'-street; I saw the prisoner, and watched him some time; he went up against gentlemen's pockets, and when he got thicker into the crowd, I saw him with the handkerchief in his hand, just behind a gentleman; I seized him, and pulled his hand out of his pocket, with the handkerchief in it - there were three other handkerchiefs found on him in going to the station-house, and a snuff-box; I said to him, "How came an old man like you to do this?" he said, "What is a poor fellow to do?"
Prisoner. Q. What reply did I make when you said to the other man, "I thought if I did not know him you would?" A. I never heard it said by myself or any one else; when I took hold of you I threw you into a clear place, and the only word I said to you was, "An old man like you, how came you to do it," and your reply was, "What is a poor fellow to do?" your right-hand pocket was ripped open, so that what was put into it might go down; the man you took it from might be rather stouter than you, and between thirty and forty he had a close body coat on; I cannot say what colour; I do not suppose he was more than two yards off you; no sooner had I seized you, than the swell mob came round to try to get you away, and we were surrounded by the Policemen: there were four handkerchiefs produced before the Magistrate - you were very likely committed to Tothill-fields, I do not know; the charge was for picking pockets.
Prisoner's Defence. I have not the means of procuring the document from the Police-office, and it appears now that your Lordship has only the second depositions; the depositions taken on the 10th of March were to the effect, solely that these men arrested me on suspicion, and found the handkerchiefs and snuff-box on my person - all the documents ought to be before your Lordship; and if a legal process takes place, and a man is put into prison, and brought before a superior tribunal, surely you will not hesitate to send for this first document; there it is in black and white, "Receive into your custody so and so, on suspicion of feloniously taking," &c.; cases of this nature are so common and notorious, that they have been scouted from Westminster-hall, and therefore it is that they have come here - these men have scouted the charge of suspicion, and now bring the charge of felony; and why or wherefore? because they found I was poor and friendless, or I should have discovered that the other was nothing but a common hireling, ready to come on any occasion; the difference to them is the difference of mygoing to prison, and the money they will get for coming here a second time and charging a felony; but will your Lordship upheld the doctrine, and countenance the practice that a man sworn to execute the law should one day apprehend a prisoner, and swear to one fact, and then a week afterwards swear to a contrary fact? Can two contrary facts both be true? one of them must necessarily be false-will your Lordship condescend to send for the depositions taken on the 10th of March, and also for the original warrant of commitment to Tothill-fields.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS
               



             re-examined. Q. Was the charge on suspicion of felony? A. Yes; I charged him with picking the pocket of a gentleman unknown - the Magistrate has sent all the depositions.
Prisoner. Surely your Lordship must wish to administer justice, and surely the delay of half an hour cannot be of importance. There is the document in the office, and here are twelve gentlemen come to swear that they will return a true verdict. If the Magistrate had done his duty, you would have had the depositions taken on 10th of March.
COURT. We have now got your commitment, and it is precisely in the form of the present charge, for stealing a handkerchief from a man unknown.
Prisoner. That is the reason why I asked if the whole four handkerchiefs were produced before the Magistrate, and I was charged on suspicion of them all - only a mere bailable charge; and you can have that evidence before you in half an hour; and surely, however depressed I may be, I have a right to justice. I hope your Lordship will send an officer for it, who is not interested in suppressing it.
JURY to 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS
               



            . Q. How long have you known Dorrell? A. Very likely twelve months - I have seen him, but not to speak to him, before that day.
Prisoner to GEORGE DORRELL. Q. How long was it after you saw this taken that you seized me? A. Directly, and I prevented it from going to the bottom of your pocket-I do not know that I unbuttoned your pocket;I might pull your hand away from it - I did not feel your pocket.
Prisoner. If this doctrine is held forth that a witness may come one day and swear one fact, and another day a directly contrary fact, what individual could he safe? The witness charges me one day on suspicion of felony -I suspect he stole it" - and a week after he comes and days,"I charge him with stealing it; I saw him steal it." In the first instance more than half the truth was kept back, or in the second more than the truth was stated. I was passing the Green-park, saw a person look around him, and place something at the root of a tree; I pretended not to observe him; but when he went away, I went and found the handkerchiefs and a snuff-box - I went on, and was obstructed by the crowd; a hand pressed on my thigh, and a voice exclaimes, "John, here is one of them," the same person unbuttoned my pocket, and took out tow handkerchiefs, which I had put into that pocket, and I had two in the other pocket - I was then taken to the office, and there these men stated they arrested me on suspicion - the Magisrate asked if they had seen me take any thing; they said No. I do not know whether it was the same magistrate that I saw on the 17th, but if so, he had forgotten it, and I did not think it my business to put him in mind of it - they had in the interim found that I was poor and friendless, and they said, "Let us change the ground, and make a direct theft of it, and have a day or two's lounge-City fare is pretty good," and here they are, from the first day to the last or the last but one, and can any man be astonished that a man should come here to swear for 30s.or 40s, when it is well known that there are hundreds and thousands who will swear for half a crown.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 56. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
