





782. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BROWNING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of April
, 1 carpet, value 7l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Graham
                  




               
            .


                  PARNELL 
                  BURTON
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Graham, of High Holborn


, he deals in carpets
. On the 23rd of April, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I was opposite his shop - I saw the prisoner take this carpet away, assisted by another person - they went to the shop together, but I am not able to say which touched the carpet first - the prisoner had it on his shoulder - it had been at the entrance of the door - he carried it twenty or thirty yards to the corner of Brownlow-street - the other man went away as soon as he had assisted the prisoner with the carpet on his back - I stopped the prisoner, and asked what he was going to do with the carpet - he said, a gentleman was going to give him a shilling to take it to Red Lion-street - I said he had stolen it, and took him back with the carpet on his back.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you hear the other man ask the prisoner to carry it for him? A. No; I was not near enough to hear that - I believe Mr. Graham has no partner - I never saw any - I am a salesman- I have been a fortnight in his employ, but at the time I was out of a situation, I had written to Mr. Graham for one, and was then going to his clerk to know at what time he would be disengaged.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OSBORN
               



             (police-constable E 38). I was opposite Mr. Graham's, and saw the prisoner and another in company with him pass the door two or three times - I did not see the prisoner take the carpet, as there were three omnibuses going by, but I saw it carried just round the door - the other man ran off, and I pursued, but lost sight of him - I then returned to the shop, and saw the prisoner- I am sure he was one who was at the door.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HEALEY
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Graham
               



             - he has no partner - I had been at the door about five minutes previous to the carpet being taken - it was then safe - I left to speak to a customer at the end of the shop, and the carpet was taken - it is my master's.
Prisoner's Defence. I was employed by the other person to take it to Red Lion-street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
