



208. 




BENJAMIN JACOBS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
10th of November, at 
St Botolph-without—Aldgate, 1 neck-chain, value 3l. 10s.; 2 rings, value 3l.; and 2 pairs of ear-rings, value 3l. 10s.; the goods, of 




Lydia Emanuel, in her dwelling-house.






LYDIA EMANUEL
. I am a widow, and keep a clothes-shop, in Harrow-alley, Houndsditch, in the parish of St. Botolph-without—Aldgate; it is my dwelling-house. On Saturday, the 10th of November, before I went out, I went into my bed-room, opened my drawers, and locked them all safe—I left this property in the drawers—I went out between six and seven o'clock in the evening, leaving a female servant at home—I was not out half an hour before my grandchild came and called me—I found my house full of people, and the room in great confusion, these things were gone, and others packed up ready to take away.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How came you to go to your drawers before you went out? A. To take my spectacles out—these two rings were in my beaufet, and the ear-rings also—they were all in one little drawer.





MARTHA DODD
. I am the prosecutrix's servant. I recollect her going out-her bed-room is up one pair of stairs—when she went out I bolted the street-door after her—I cannot tell how any person could have got into the house, or whether they got in before or after she went out—I was sitting—atneedlework in the kitchen, which is level with the ground, and heard a noise up stairs—the stairs come into the kitchen—I thought it was the cat, and I called her, but instead of her coming down stairs, she came to me from under a chair—I then sat still, and heard another noise—I took no notice, and I soon after saw a light pass by the crack of the bed-room door—I thought my mistress had left the light up stairs—I went to go op, and, in going up a few stairs, a man opened the bed-room door, with a candle in his hand—I was so frightened that I stopped a few minutes, and the man too—I never shall forget the look he gave me—I got out as soon as I could, and gave the alarm, and the man got out of the front bedroom window—I hallooed out in the street, and persons came to know what was the matter—I told them, and ran up stairs, and saw my mistress's things, the plate and wearing apparel, all down on the ground, and packed up, the window-curtains torn down, and eight or nine locks broken—the prisoner was taken that night, and I swore to him that night—I am certain he is the man I saw—he could not have got in after my mistress went out, because the door was bolted.

Cross-examined. Q. How could you see the light under your mistress's door? A. The bed-room door was right opposite me—I can see from the kitchen up to the bed-room door—there are but a few stairs—there is no door to the kitchen—I could look right up to the bed-room door-a great many persons came into the house, but they were pretty well all my mistress's family, her children and grandchildren—the prisoner looked at me so hard I thought he would have pierced me through—I was very much flurried indeed-as he jumped out of the window the tail of his coat caught my comb, and broke two teeth out.





ANDREW DACEY
 (police-constable H 94.) I received information, and took the prisoner at ten o'clock that night—his dress was described to me, and I knew him previously to this—I took Dodd to the station-house—she swore to him positively, and said, if it was her last words on her dying bed, that was the man.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you take him? A. In Wentworth-street, about five minutes' walk from the prosecutrix's—there are slop-shops and old clothes-shops in Harrow-alley.




GUILTY
. † Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
