




1354. 




GEORGE PEARSON
 and 




ANN GODDARD
 were indicted for

 a robbery upon 



William Day, at 
St. Leonard's, Shoreditch, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 half-crown, his money; and feloniously striking and beating him immediately before and at the time of the robbery.






WILLIAM DAY
. I live in Turner-place, Wenlock-road, and am a labourer

at the City Saw Mills. On the 28th of April, I was passing down the City-road, at a quarter past twelve at night, and met a female, who asked me to go home with her to No. 7, Swan-passage—she is not here—I went up stairs on the first-floor, and agreed to give her 8s.—she demanded 4s.—I did not pay her the 3s., but wanted to turn out of the room at she wanted more than I agreed to pay; but she would not let me, and spoke to a man, who is the prisoner Pearson; and as I went down stairs, he came out of a room on the ground-floor, and struck me a very violent blow on the left eye, made use of a bad expression, and said, "You b-r, wont you pay for the room"—I fell on the stairs—he tore my great coat right open, and held me down on the stairs, and the female prisoner forced her hands into my left-hand waistcoat pocket and took out a half-crown—she had come out of the room on the ground-floor-Pearson did not do anything to me when he held me down—the female prisoner scratched me on the back of my hand, and Pearson tried very much to get my watch from my fob; but I had it in my hand in my trowsers pocket, and held it very tight—I hallooed out very loud for the assistance of the police, and got up-several people in the room said, "Let him go"-Pearson struck me twice on the breast very violently—I called out "Police" very loud, and got away—I went to the station-house, got two officers, and had the prisoners taken into custody—I was not intoxicated—I had had three pints of half-and-half, but I knew what I was about-when I gave them in charge, Pearson pulled 3s. out of his pocket and said, "Here is half a crown that was taken out of your pocket-here is 8s. for it, at I don't want to be locked up."

Cross-examined by. MR. DOANE. Q. Do you mean to my you were not drank? A. Yes I do—I did not complain in the house of having lost a half-crown—I was glad to get out of the house, and I said, "Give me my money back"—I am a married man—I had not paid for the room—on the Sunday evening I saw a young woman—I did not say if I could get the half-crown I had lost and half-a-crown for my trouble I would have nothing more to do with it—I said it was a sad loss to me, I had to attend the office, and had my clothes torn, but I was bound to go to the station-house, and I should hear what the Magistrate said on Monday—I had shown the money in my pocket to the female—I will swear she did not take it, for I had my clothes buttoned up and my hand in my waistcoat pocket—I had been to the Royal Standard and another public-house—I left work about a quarter before six o'clock—I met the female at a quarter after twelve o'clock—I live not a dozen yards from my work—I went home directly I got my money, and remained at home till half-past eight o'clock with my wife—I then went to the public-house to have something to drink—I went to two houses—I will not swear I saw the half-crown in the woman's hand, as I was held down on the stairs on my back-no one held a candle while this was going on-Pearson was holding me while the female had her hand in my pocket, and she afterwards drew from me.





JOHN WELLS
 (police-constable N 94.) I was on duty in the New North-road. I went with Scott to the house of Pearson—the street-door was open—I found four men in the back room, on the ground floors—I took Pearson into custody—the female prisoner came in afterwards with some beer, and I took her—I saw Pearson offer 3s. to the prosecutor while the other men in the room were talking, but there being a confusion, I could not hear what he said when he offered it to him.





ALFRED SCOTT
 (police-constable N 117.) I accompanied Wells to

Pearson's house, and heard him say to the prosecutor, "Come here, what do you want, you have lost a half-crown"—he put his hand into his pocket, pulled out 3s. or 4s., and said, "I will give you 3s. for it"—I searched the female prisoner, and found 8s. 6d. on her, but no half-crown—she had been out of the house for beer before I searched her, and Pearson said she was gone out for beer, and would come back presently.

PEARSON*—


GUILTY
 Aged 28.

GODDARD*—


GUILTY
 Aged 29.




Transpoted for Fifteen Years.

