





1659. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LISINEA
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of July
, 1 sovereign, and 7s.
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Field
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  FIELD
               



            . I was in Old-street-road on the 6th of July; the prisoner came up, passed me, and picked up a paper parcel, close at my side - he opened it, and took out a bill, which he requested me to read; it said, "Two gold rings, and one pair of handsome gold ear-rings, with drops, 5l. 19s. 6d." - he said he could not read writing; I read it, and gave him the bill back - he said he wished it had been two sovereigns, it would have done him more service, as he was going out of town that afternoon; he then left me, and went to Shoreditch - I went up Kingsland-road, and had not gone far before another man passed me, and he picked up a paper - he said to me,"I have not found a prize;" I had not gone far before the prisoner overtook me again, and said if I liked I should have the jewellery for 30s. - I said I did not know how much I had about me, but would see; I looked and found I had but 7s. and a sovereign, which I gave him for the rings and the ear-rings, and we parted - I had told him I had seen the other man, who told me a lady in her carriage had just dropped some jewellery, that her footman was looking for it, and there would be a reward of three sovereigns for it in the morning; the man had told me so - the prisoner said he should not hear of that, as he was going out of town, and if I gave him 30s. for them, and went to the place I should get 30s. for myself - I took them to a jeweller's on the following Saturday; I am told they are not worth 4s.


                  THOMAS 
                  RESEAM
               



            . I know the prisoner; I saw him on the morning of the 6th of July, in Kingsland-road, with the prosecutrix - I was in a shop at the time.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and asked if he had been in Kingsland-road on the Wednesday - he said, No; I asked if he had sold no earrings or rings, he said, No.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the prosecutrix till I was at the office; she said she did not know me at the office.


                  MARY 
                  FIELD
               



            . I did not.



               GUILTY
            . - Aged 32. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
