





1669. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PRIME
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of June
, 6 boards, value 3s.; 1 dresser, value 3s.; 3 shelves, value 1s.; 2 doors, value 1s.; 100 bricks, value 3s., and 1 piece of stone, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Stevens
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building of hers
            ; against the Statute, &c.


                  MARY 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a widow
. I have a house in St. Luke's


, which I let to the prisoner on the 25th of March last, and he left it on the 24th of June; he had not paid the rent or taxes - they sent me word that he had moved; the house was full of lodgers when I let it to him - my nephew went to the house, and found he was gone; we sent to him - he said he had only moved a few of his things because his wife was gone into the country, and he was going to white-wash the room - that some of his property was there still, and he would pay me the rent on the following Monday; he came on Monday with a man, and said if I would show him the lenity to wait till Saturday, he would pay me, on the word of a man, and he was going to set that man to work - he went away, and I saw no more of him.
Prisoner. Q. Did I take the house of you? A. Yes, you came to me personally - I saw no repairs that you did.


                  SAMUEL 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I lodge in the house. I remember the prisoner coming and going away - I know he was digging up the kitchen during the time; I never saw him take any thing away - the articles stated are gone.


                  RICHARD 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am apprentice to Young. I saw the prisoner take the bricks out of the kitchen window, and put them into a barrow; they were taken to a house opposite - I saw the dresser and shelves packed up ready to take away, but did not see them taken; I suppose this was about a month before Midsummer.
Prisoner. Q. Did not I cut the wood up to lay over the cesspool? A. There was one or two boards laid over the cesspool; they were all sound boards - I saw you take the bricks out, and the stone was taken from the hearth.


                  JOHN 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I saw the prisoner dig up the hearth about a month before he went away, and one of Mr. Smith's men took it to a house opposite, and the bricks likewise - I saw the flooring ready to be taken away.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me white-wash the staircase and colour the front? A. Yes; I did not see you whitewash the kitchen.


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . The prisoner came to a house I was repairing, and asked if I would buy some old bricks of him - I went and looked at them, and agreed to give him 5s. for them; there was a stone with them - I saw no boards or shelves.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I took the prisoner, and told him it was for stripping the kitchen; he denied it, and said he had it to repair.
Prisoner's Defence. When I took the house the King's tax-gatherer came to me for 8l. 6s. 8d., which Mrs. Stevens said had been paid; I laid out 3l. or 4l. for repairs - I took nothing away; when I took up the cesspool I took up the floor and covered it - I took the house of young Mr. Stevens, and said, "It is in a very bad state, and the water stands a foot in it - I must have the privy emptied;" he said, "You must be half the expence;" I said, "Very well. I will dig a cesspool," and I took out two loads of rubbish; I began to white-wash and colour the premises; I had not been at work above a day when a gentleman said he should put a broker in for King's taxes; I went to Mrs. Stevens, and she said it was paid, but could not find the receipt - they said they would send in the course of the day; I was going to repair the tiles, but was annoyed by these things, and I left the premises.


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITH
               



             re-examined. Q. When did he sell you the bricks? A. Some time in May.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 55. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
