




1292. 




JAMES GOODY
 and 




CHARLES CLARKE
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
8th of May, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of a certain man named 



Porteous, from his person.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the goods of a man whose name is unknown.






ROBERT GOOSE
 (police-constable B 55.) On the afternoon of the 8th of May, I was in Chancery-lane, about half-past four o'clock—I saw the prisoners together—I saw Goody lay hold of agentleman's pocket—they turned towards the Strand—Goody then put his hand into another gentleman's pocket, but I could not get across without their seeing me—they got through Temple-bar into the Strand—a young gentleman passed—Clarke passed him, put his hand up about the height of his throat, and Goody immediately drew a handkerchief out of the gentleman's pocket—the gentleman put his name down in my book as Porteous, or something like that—I have never ascertained correctly his Christian or surname—when Goody drew the handkerchief, Clarke received it from him, and crossed the road—I crossed the road—the gentleman followed Goody up a court, and I followed him as well; when I got up the court, I lost Goody—I afterwards secured them both, I searched them, and found five handkerchiefs in Goody's hat, and one in his breast, which was the one I had seen taken from the gentleman—they had been sitting at a door in Shire-lane together.

Cross-examined. by
MR. DOANE. A. You first saw them in the City?


A. Yes, but I could not gee so well there, as there were so many carriages; but I crossed when I was in the Strand, and saw them for some time—I did not think I had power to take them in the City—when they got through the Bar they were getting the handkerchief from the gentleman's pocket—I had crossed part of the road—I lost sight of them five minutes after they got the handkerchief—I was in my police clothes, and if I had run they would have run too—I found them in Shire-lane, in the City—I did not take them then—I stood at the bottom—I did not pass them—I was twenty yards from them—I took them about five minutes afterwards—one of them went into a house and came out again—I have always said I took the handkerchief from Goody—I never said I found it on Clarke—I have been examined twice—I am certain this is the handkerchief they took—it was a different colour from the rest.

Clarke's Defence. On the 8th of April, I was returning from Paternoster-row up Chancery-lane, and met Goody—we had been school-mates—I tapped him on the shoulder, and asked him if his name was not Goody; he said, "Yes"—I knew him when in St. James's school—as we were walking up Chancery lane, the policeman tapped us on the shoulder, and said he wanted us—he found nothing on me.

Goody. The statement is entirely false.
(Daniel Foster, Drury-lane, and James Dickens, smith, 28, North-street, Lisson-grove, gave the prisoner Goody a good character.

GOODY—


GUILTY
. † Aged 21.

CLARKE—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Seven Years.
