



2130. 




JAMES WILCOX
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of September, at 
St. George, Hanover-square, 1 fish slice, value 2l.; 11 spoons, value 7l.; 6 forks, value 6l.; and 1 label, value 1s.; the goods of 



Sir Charles William Maxwell, knight; in his dwelling house.






RICHARD MUNNS
. I am servant to Sir Charles William Maxwell, of No 8, Hertford-street, May-fair. I do not know the parish—on Tuesday, the 19th of September, about four minutes before two o'clock, I was sitting in the kitchen with the maid servants at dinner, and heard a noise in the pantry, which joins the kitchen, at the back of the house—I went into the pantry, and in the act of going there I saw a person leap from the pantry down a step into the wine cellar, and run to a door at the lower part of the passage—I ran along the passage and met him at that door—there are two folding doors leading from the pantry into the wine cellar, and he jumped through those doors into the wine cellar—when I went into the kitchen to dinner I had not left a soul in the pantry—I cannot say whether the wine cellar doors were shut or open, no further than I left the pantry as usual, and I should think they were shut—I had left the plate in the pantry, which is part of the dwelling house, and under the same roof—I saw the person going along the pantry into the wine-cellar—he had some plate in his right hand—I ran along the passage, and met him at the door, and seized him by the collar, as he took his leap from the cellar to get into the area, where he struggled with me—in the meantime he kept dropping the plate around

me and himself—I saw that—I held him till the policeman came, and then he was taken into custody—the prisoner is the man—the policeman has the plate—he did not take all the prisoner had—I had some taken back into the pantry—I cannot tell what quantity of plate the prisoner dropped in the struggle—I counted the plate after it was taken back—the maid servants picked up some—they are not here—I know the quantity I took from the prisoner myself, and gave to the policeman—it was Sir Charles William Maxwell's property.





DAVID SHEEN
 (police-constable C 101.) I know Sir C. Maxwell's house—it is in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square—I apprehended the prisoner, and have the plate.





RICHARD MUNNS

re-examined. (Looking at the plate)—This quantity the prisoner took out of his pocket at the time I was holding him, and gave it into my hand—this is what a gentleman in the house picked off the mat, and gave to the policeman—I saw him do it—I am quite sure of that—I saw the maid servant take these off the mat, and give them to the policeman—the prisoner dropped some on the right hand, and some on the left, and I asked the persons to pick it up—I can swear that the things that were picked up were dropped by the prisoner while I was holding him—he was praying, in the meantime, for me to let him go—these are all my master's property—the label the policeman took out of the prisoner's pocket himself—the value of the things now in Court is 15l.—I also missed a tea-pot, three forks, and of the spoons, which had been used at breakfast that morning—they are entirely gone—they were in the pantry, in a small closet, on the left-hand side of the table where this plate laid.

Prisoner. There was a row down in the place, and I ran down, with a lot more. Witness. I saw but one person, and heard but one.

JURY
Q. How could he get into the pantry without going through the kitchen where you were sitting? A. The kitchen is on a line with the area; but there is a door on the left hand, in the passage, which leads into a coal-cellar; and then a door opens into a wine-cellar, which leads into my pantry—that is the way he went out—I cannot say whether he got in that way—he must have come close to the kitchen if he had; but as we sat, we could not see him if he did go in that way.





DAVID SHEEN

re-examined. I saw the other constable take this label from the prisoner's trowsers pocket while I was searching him—I also found a door key on him—he said it was the key of his house, and that he lived in Orford-mews, but he does not—his father lives there.




GUILTY
.* Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.

Fourth Jury.—Before Mr. Recorder.

