



1230. 




JAMES HARDING
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
31st of May, 1 watch, value 11l. 11s., the goods of 



Thomas Clements Thitchener.






THOMAS CLEMENTS THITCHENER
. I keep a shop in Park-side, Knights bridge. On the 31st of May the prisoner came there at near three o'clock—he asked me if I had got a double-bottomed ladies' gold watch—I said "No"—he said, "show me what you have got"—I showed him the watch in

question—he said that is not the one that will suit the lady—she wants a double-bottomed one; but if I would allow him to have it for ten days or a fortnight, merely to show the lady that he had not forgotten her, he would show it her, and return it to me, and give me an order for a double-bottomed one—he asked me the price of this watch—I told him eleven guineas, and thirteen guineas for a double-bottomed one—he engaged to show the watch to the lady—I gave it him in a bag, he took it away, and I never saw him afterwards—he never returned it—I gave him no authority to sell or dispose of it, only to show it to the lady—I had had transactions with him to a small amount before—when he did not return in the fortnight, I got uneasy, and waited a month—I went to his lodging, and he was gone—I went round to different pawnbrokers, and among the rest, to Mr. Kimber's, at Knightsbridge, and found it there—I took it out of pawn in November last—this is the watch (looking at it)—I have a number on it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you make a memorandum of the number of the watch? A. Yes—I know it—it is the only gold watch I have of this sort—I had had trivial dealings with the prisoner before, Amounting to about 18s.—he did not enter into particulars about those transaction*—he did about the watch—I should not have taken the money if he had brought it, unless there had been a fresh arrangement—this watch was not fit for delivery when I gave it to him, and if he had come back and said he would have had it, I should have had to make it fit for delivery—it had been standing a long time, and required fresh oiling—I should not have lot him have the watch if he had brought the eleven guineas—not under the old agreement—he did not pay me at the time, in the former transactions, he called, and said he was going down to the Bank, and if I would nail till he came back, he would pay me the money, but I did not give him credit—he was to have the watch to see if. it suited the lady—when I gave him credit before, he has called in and paid me—I told the pawnbroker the particulars, and he let me have the watch.





CHARLES BOND
. On the 31st of May, the prisoner came to my employer's shop, at Knightsbridge, towards four o'clock, and offered me the watch—I Lent him 5l. on it—I asked him if it was his own, seeing it was quite new—he said it was—three weeks after the prosecutor called—he afterwards paid the money, and took it out of pawn—I live about a dozen doors from him—I know it was about four or five o'clock that the prisoner brought it.

Cross-examined. Q. It is not unusual to ask people if property belongs to them? A. Certainly not—I took the number of the watch—I wrote it down before he came away—I recollect the number—the prisoner called about a month or six weeks ago for it—I was not there at the time he came, and cannot say to a month when he did call, but it was after Mr. Thitchener had it out of pawn.
(The prisoner requested permission to address the Jury, instead of his Counsel, and in a long address stated, that he wanted the watch for the pur-pose he had represented, and the prosecutor told him if he did not call in a fort-night should conclude that he intended to keep it, and that he would call and pay for it—that on the same day he received a letter, stating that his mother was confined by illness, upon which, being short of money, he pledged the watch that evening, to procure money for the purpose of going to see her—and while in the country he was confined to his bed for four months—immediately on his return he called on the pawnbroker to redeem the watch, and found



the-prosecutor had got it, and that the lady for whom he wanted it had left for Paris.)

MR. THITCHENER
re-examined. I did not, in any way, lead the prisoner to suppose that if he did not return the watch in a limited period, I should consider him the purchaser—he said he took it merely to show the lady, and would return it in ten days or a fortnight—I did not at all contemplate his becoming the purchaser of it—that watch was quite out of the question—a double bottomed watch was what he asked for—I did not sell him this—I never intended to part with it except for the purpose of being shown.




GUILTY
.* Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.
