





789. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SHEPPARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 1st of March
, 1 purse, value 4d.; 1 sovereign, 2 half-crowns, 3 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 3 penny-pieces, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Lawrence 
                           Hardy
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  LAWRENCE 
                  HARDY
               



            . I am a private in the 1st regiment of Lite Guards
, and am a servant to Lieutenant West, in the same regiment. On the 1st of March I was in the Old Bailey, about half-past four o'clock - I had come on a short stage from the White Horse cellar - I got off at the Bells Sauvage; I there pulled out my purse, paid 1s., tied the purse up again, and put it into my coat pocket - I was in my master's livery, and the pocket of the coat I had then on was behind; when I had got a short distance up the Old Bailey


 I felt a pull at my pocket - I put my hand to my pocket, turned, and saw the prisoner behind me; I exclaimed, "I am robbed - my purse is gone;" the prisoner immediately went up a passage by a butcher's-shop - there is a parlour on the left side, and on the right front are some steps; I followed him, and he threw my purse down those steps - I seized him, made him pick it up, and give it into my hands; I called an officer, who came and took him.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. I suppose you were-sober? A. Yes, quite; I had no handkerchief in that pocket; it was rather a long purse - I did not hear the prisoner inquire for Mrs. Smith; I am sure it was the prisoner who picked up the purse - he went on his knees, and begged for merry; I saw a woman in the butcher's-shop, and I believe there was a woman on the stairs - it was the prisoner gave me the purse; I was asked at the Compter what I had in it, and I said I believed 1l. 8s. or 1l. 9s., and it turned out to be 1l. 8s. 9d.
COURT. Q.What was the distance from the place you were robbed at to those stairs? A. I should think about fifty yards - the stairs are in New-court.


                  JOHN 
                  IYERSON
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prosecutor holding the prisoner, and I took him to the Compter; this is the purse - it has a sovereign, two half-crowns, three shillings, a sixpence, and three pence in it.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Did the prosecutor describe what was in it? A. He said 28s. or 29s. - I had it in my hand at the time he said that.
Witnesses for the Defence.


                  ANN 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . My husband is a stationer, and has worked for thirteen years in Skinner-street, Snow-hill. I saw the prisoner on the day in question; he came through my place which is like a thoroughfare - my house is at the corner of an alley, leading to New-court, and the private door is as public as the shop door - you go through a covered way; the stairs are on the left-hand side as you go through - I suppose ten persons had been through there within half an hour of the time the prisoner came; when the prosecutor came in, he first said it was a book, then he runimaged his pocket, and said it was a purse - my daughter found the purse on the stairs; I am quite sure she picked it up, and gave it into the prosecutor's hand - he shook the prisoner, and the prisoner drew himself back, and said he would not be shaken by him.
COURT. Q. Do you live up stairs? A. No, I keep the ground floor - my daughter is thirteen years of age; I have lived fifteen or sixteen years in London, and am the mother of six children; I never picked up a purse before - I never saw the prisoner or the prosecutor before; I did not cry "halves" - the prosecutor said he thought the prisoner's hand had been in his pocket; there was no other man in the place at that moment - the prisoner was standing by the prosecutor, and the prosecutor took hold of him and shook him; the prosecutor said it was his purse - I did not go before the Magistrate; I was not sent for - the prisoner did not stop in the passage till the prosecutor stopped him; he was going through pretty quick, as allpersons do - he said the prosecutor was mistaken, and begged he would let him go about his business, as he was deceived in the person; there was no person on the stairs: a great many people go through - it is not a regular thoroughfare.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am daughter of the last witness. I saw a scuffle on the 1st of March, and my mother called me to get a light to look about the passage, and the stairs - I found he pause, and gave it to the prosecutor, who had hold of the prisoner; I am sure the prisoner did not pick up the purse - I did.
COURT. Q. Who threw the purse there? A. I do not know; I was at my tea - my mother went forward first, and then called me to get a light to see if I could find a purse or a book, or any money - I looked on the stairs, and found a long purse with money in it; I could not find it without a light - the prosecutor said it was his purse; I saw the prisoner there - he kneeled down, and prayed for forgiveness.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
