




1353. 




DANIEL PESTELL
 and 




GEORGE WILLIAMS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
20th of April, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 



Charles Miller, from his person.






CHARLES MILLER
. On the 20th of April, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day, I was stopped in Surrey-street by a man, who said "You have had your pocket picked"—I felt, and my handkerchief was

gone—I gave my address to the person—I cannot say when it was taken—it was in my possession when I was at the City gas works—this is it.





WILLIAM POUND
. I am a cordwainer. On the 20th of April I was coming over Blackfriar's-bridge, and observed the prisoner watching a gentleman very narrowly, which made me notice them—they were in company—I followed them—they followed a gentleman a little way over the bridge—he walked very fast—the prosecutor came along, and they followed him—he stopped on the bridge to speak to another gentleman, and they stopped till he went on again—they then followed him, and made several attempts to pick his pocket, till they got to the corner of Stamford-street; and, as a coach passed, Williams picked his pocket—I immediately went and told the gentleman that he was robbed—he said he was, and gave me his address, but would not go back with me—a young man who was with me kept them in sight, I went to his assistance, and saw them go back, and go over the bridge again—I followed them down Bridge-street to Farringdon-street—they there saw a policeman, and separated—my friend went and told the policeman—I went and collared Pestell, and the handkerchief produced was found in his hat at the station-house.





THOMAS JACOCK
. I was in company with Pound, and saw the prisoners on the bridge together—we followed them—I saw Williams attempt to pick the prosecutor's pocket once or twice, and at the corner of Stamford-street, he succceeded in getting the handkerchief, and handed it to Pestell—they ran down Stamford-street—Pound went to inform the prosecutor—I stood at a distance, and saw them come from Upped Ground-street—I followed them over the bridge, and had them secured in Farringdon-street.





ALEXANDER NELSON
. I am a policeman, Williams was taken into custody at a quarter to twelve o'clock the same day.

Williams' Defence. I left my master in James-street, Queen-square, and went to a newspaper-agent in Fleet-street, to take a ream of paper, and as I returned was taken in charge.

PESTELL—


GUILTY
.† Aged 18.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
†. Aged 17.




Transported for Fourteen Years.
