



516. 




FELIX M'GUINNES
. was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of August, 1 mule, price 30l.; 1 cart, value 3l.; 1 set of harness, value 2l.; 200lbs. weight of rags, value 12s.; and 1 bushel of bones, value 1s. 4d.; the goods of 



Louisa Jackson.—2nd COUNT. stating them to be the goods of 



Thomas Jackson.






LOUISA JACKSON
. I live in Mill-lane, Deptford. My husband's name is Thomas—I am separated from him—I carry on the trade of a dealer in marine stores—I entrusted my cart, with the mule and set of harness, and the bones and rags, to Thomas Jackson, on the 18th of August, about eight o'clock in the morning—he is no relation whatever—he lodged with me for four months—I refused 30l. for the mule three days before this—I found the mule by advertising it, at Old Windsor just six weeks after—it was the same mule I had lost.





THOMAS JACKSON
. I received a sovereign, and a mule, and cart from Louisa Jackson, on the 18th of August, to purchase rags, and iron copper, brass, bones, and any thing I could—I was to go about the country—I was in the Borough till about tea time, and then we had to go to a gentleman's house, where we were to be at two o'clock—we went to have a bait at the corner of George-yard, Whitechapel—the man that was working with me said, "Give me 6d.; I want to go to see a person I know"—he went away, and brought the prisoner up, and I said, "Come, jump, it is time for us to go home"—we went out to buy and sell, and if we bought any thing we had the profit and paid her for the mule and cart—Tom Jones was a partner with me in buying and selling—it was a little before four o'clock—the prisoner jumped into the cart, and took the reins out of Aylesbury's hands—I was stopping outside—I never thought that the prisoner was going to take it away,

having known him so long—he drove down George-yard with it, and we lost sight of it entirely—we went down the next street—I thought of meeting him, but did not see him any more—we saw Cotton, the policeman, and applied to him—I never saw the prisoner again till a fortnight ago yesterday—I then heard of his being in the watchhouse, and went there Saturday night, but they locked me up for fear I should go away—I went to Windsor after the mule—it was at a farm—that was the same mule I saw him drive away with—I have never found the cart and harness.

Prisoner. Did not I meet you at the Seven Stars, with your three comrades, and you said you would treat me to a pot of beer?—we went to George-yard, and sat there two or three hours, and got quite intoxicated—I came out; some of them said, "Jump up," and I drove away, and the next morning I left the cart in the street, and turned the mule into the field, and sent word to Mrs. Jackson where the mule was. Willness. He was not drunk—we had not more than three or four pots of beer among seven or eight of us—I dare say we were two hours there—it was a little after two o'clock when we went there, and a little before four o'clock when we came out.





HENRY COTTO
. (police-constable H 60.) I live in Chapel-yard—I was on duty in Went worth-street—I saw the prisoner driving a mule, and asked whose it was—he said, "Cockney Tom's"—I let him go, sod then Jackson came and spoke to me—I told what I had seen.





JOHN WALKE
. (police-constable R 182.) I was looking after the prisoner from the 18th of August till the 12th of January—I heard of his arrival in Whitechapel that day—I went up to him, touched him on the shoulder, and said, "You know what I want with you?”—he said, "Yes, for the mule and cart"—I said she was a poor woman", and How came he to take it away?—he said he was tipsy; and that the next morning he turned the mule into some gentleman's field, and left the cart there—he said the bones rags tumbled out of the cart.

Prisoner. If I had not been told to take it by some of the party, I should not have done it—I did not make away with it—I got sober is the morning I left it as I was afraid to return it.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
