





1558. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     RAMSAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of September
, 240 tin boxes, value 1l.; 120,000 percussion caps, value 20l.; 240 knives, value 6l.; and 1 air cane, value 5l.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Willett
                  




               
            .
CHARLES WILLETT. I am an agent for disposing of gun-flints and other articles
, and live in Penton-street, Winchester-place


. On the 20th of September, my premises were broken open in the morning, and I missed the articles stated; I printed a handbill, offering a reward; I heard that the prisoner had offered an air cane and some caps to Mr. Seager - we went to the prisoner's house, and found on him two knives, and a duplicate for half-a-dozen knives; I lost an air cane, out of repair, and it had a split close by the trigger, which was done by the key.


                  GEORGE 
                  SEAGER
               



            . I am a gun maker; the prisoner came to me on the 24th of September, he brought an air cane, and two boxes of copper caps, which had about five-hundred in each - I would not purchase them, but I took two caps, one out of each box - this is one of them; he wanted the cane repaired, and said it was for sale; I took the lock off in his presence, it wanted a main spring and a tumbler; part of the cane was broken, about an inch and a-half from the top of it.
CHARLES WILLETT. The cane I lost exactly corresponded with this description - I cannot swear to these caps, but they correspond with what I had.
Prisoner. Mr. Seager said at Hatton Garden, that he saw the bill in Mr. Willett's window, the day after these things were offered.


                  GEORGE 
                  SEAGER
               



            . No; I saw it at Mr. Willett's warehouse several days afterwards; the cane was like a walking stick - it wanted an air pump and a top; it was in one piece, it could not be parted; there was a split in the breach of it - it was yellow, resembling bamboo, and had a straight top; the caps were English caps - we call them town-made; they were not French; I had the boxes in my hand, and took the heads off - I did not state at the office, that I went into the country in search of him - I went on my own business.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LOCKYER
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Morrison, a pawnbroker, in Blackfriars-road; I have six pen-knives pawned on the 7th of October, by the prisoner.
Prisoner. Q. What time did I bring them? A. You brought twelve about a month before, and then you came and parted the pledge.
CHARLES WILLETT. Here are three patterns of these knives; I can only say they are similar in pattern to those I lost, and the maker's name was Osborn on the blade, as these are - I lost fifteen or sixteen dozen knives.


                  JOHN 
                  MURPHY
               



             (police-constable G 215). I took the prisoner, and found this duplicate and two knives on him; the rest of the property is quite lost.


                  RICHARD 
                  BAYLIS
               



             (police-sergeant G 5). I assisted to take the prisoner to the office; the prisoner asked me how I thought he should get on with this concern; I told him I could not tell, but the prosecutor had owned the knives, which were at the pawnbroker's in Blackfriars-road; he said, "That was all I feared; I suppose I shall be committed; however, I can exonerate my brother, he knows nothing of my transactions."


                  THOMAS 
                  SHIELDS
               



            . I was in the prosecutor's service; I went in the morning of the 20th of September, and found the warehouse on the single lock - I found a pair of boots there, and four desks had been broken open, and the other doors were open - I found no one there - I then went to Mr. Willett's.
Prisoner to MR. WILLETT. Q. How long have you had such knives as these in your possession? A. A year and a half; I have not parted with any - I cannot say that I had all the knives of those patterns: but mine corresponded with them, and the same maker.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 47. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
