






39. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MORLAY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LUCKER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November
, 1 hat, value 9s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cridland
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  DOBSON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cridland
               



             - he lives at Old Brentford


. I make his hats. I was in his shop on the 24th of November, and on the 25th, as soon as I opened the shop in the morning, between seven and eight o'clock, I missed a hat which I had seen about seven the night before; I told the Policeman - I do not know either of the prisoners.


                  STEPHEN 
                  MARCHANT
               



            . I am a Police officer. On the 25th of November, about half-past twelve o'clock in theday, I saw the two prisoners on Ealing-green, and knowing they were not inhabitants, I suspected and watched them; they went into the Red Lion public-house - I followed, and asked the landlord if he knew them; he said No, but they had sold a hat there that morning for 3s., and he told me to whom they had sold it - I took the prisoner, and on the road to Brentford, Lucker said his brother gave him 10s. to buy a hat at Brentford, and Malay said his father had given him 12s. to buy it; they were not together at the time they said it - I then found the prosecutor, who identified the hat.


                  ROBERT 
                  LAKE
               



            . I bought the hat on the 25th of November, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning; Lucker offered it for sale - Malay was with him, standing before the fire at the Red Lion, Ealing; I paid Malay 3s. for it, and a pot of half-and-half - Malay said his father gave him 8s. to buy it, and it was too little for him; they both went out together - I sold it again.


                  GEORGE 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I bought this hat of Lake for 4s. -I gave it to the officer as soon as I knew it was stolen.
Lucker's Defence. I was not with this young man at the time - we met at Hammersmith; my cousin gave me half a sovereign - I went to buy the hat, and I really believe the witness is the person I bought it of; I told the person I sold it to not to sell it, as I would give him more money for it if he brought it to London.


                  FRANCIS 
                  DOBSON
               



            . There had not been a hat sold that day; this hat is my employer's, and is worth 9s. - it had been two yards from the door, and I think could not be got without coming into the shop.
MALAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
LUCKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
