





OLD COURT. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29TH.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Bolland.
7. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     DRAYTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Latchford
                        




                     
                  , on the 28th of October
, and stealing therein 1 carpet, value 10s.; 1 hammer, value 6d., and 1 copper, value 5s., his property; and that he had previously been convicted of felony
            .
EDWARD LATCHFORD. I am a bridle-bit maker
, and live in St. Martin's-lane - I have a house at Enfield-wash


. I went into Staffordshire for a fortnight, and left nobody in the house; I locked the doors, and left a person named Amey in charge of the house, who lived next door; I took the keys with me - the house was to be let, and if inquiry was made he was to let me know; he had a key of the garden and the back door; he could then go into any part of the house - when I returned, on the 26th or 27th of October, I unlocked the outer gate, then unlocked the door, and went into the kitchen - I found the back door locked; I found the copper had been taken out of the kitchen, and on going further into the house I missed a carpet, a hammer, a bell, and several other things - I then went into the garden, and found the copper in one of the trees in the garden - it held eight or nine gallons; it had been put into the tree, I suppose, to be taken away afterwards - the kitchen window was broken, so that the sashcould be pushed up; it was fastened with a sliding-catch when I left it - it was broken by the hasp; I found no other part of the house broken.


                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am an officer. I examined the house, I found the window broken over the hasp, and by pushing that away the sash must have been opened - the latch had been pulled away; the window was down; the copper had been unfixed and taken away - they had got over the back premises into the garden, as I could trace the marks where they had been - they had come from Mr. Palmer's premises; he is a farmer; the prisoner is a labourer, and had worked for Mr. Palmer three or four months regularly - I discovered a carpet in the possession of John Sleight, at his house, which is about a mile from the prosecutor's - 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hobbs
               



             brought a hammer to me.


                  JOHN 
                  GUIVER
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner in a lane leading to Cartwright's-lane - I found the carpet in Sleight's house; on the 29th of October a man named Hobbs brought me this hammer, and on the same day I received a ticket from Sleight with "Lot 60" written on it.
MR. LATCHFORD. I believe this carpet and the hammer to be what were in my house; when my tenant left it in July he had a sale, and the carpet was one of the lots - this ticket was on the carpet when I saw it last - I swear to the carpet and hammer.


                  JOHN 
                  SLEIGHT
               



            . I am a labourer, and live not quite a mile from the prosecutor's house - I know very little of the prisoner. I bought the carpet of him on a Sunday morning; I do not know the day of the month; I gave it to Guiver the next day - it must have been about the 28th- I gave him 2s. 6d. for it; he told me he had found it; that he fell over it in the road when it was dark - I saw no ticket on it, but my wife found the ticket in the house; the prisoner was working at Mr. Palmer's; I had only known him about three weeks.


                  JOSHUA 
                  HOBBS
               



            . I live at Enfield-wash - I knew the prisoner while he worked at Mr. Palmer's with me for three or four months; he worked in the fields. On Sunday morning, the 28th, he slept up in the hay-loft; I saw him against the stable door on Mr. Palmer's premises with the hammer - I asked him where he got it from, he said,"What is that to you?" I asked him what I should give him for it, as I wanted one, he said he did not know - I told him I could buy a new one for about sixpence at Enfield, and I would give him a pot of beer for it, he said he did not want beer - I told him I would give him fourpence for it, which I did; I gave the same hammer to Guiver - he asked me if I wanted to buy a carpet; it was about eight o'clock in the morning - he did not show it to me; I said I did not want any thing of the kind; he asked if I wanted a copper - I said No; he did not show it to me, but said it was pretty handy; I saw him with a bell in the stable - it was a bell made to stick into a wall with a kind of bow to it; I saw that when he was in Mr. Palmer's stable - it was at the same time.
Prisoner's Defence. I found the carpet in the high road; Sleight met me, and asked what I had there, I said"A carpet;" he said, "Will you sell it?" I said Yes; and asked 4s. 6d. - he offered 2s. 6d., which I took; Hobbs saw me with the hammer, and asked how I came by it - I told him I found them all tied up together.


                  JOHN 
                  MEAD
               



            . I am a constable. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office - (read).




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
