





1514. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     M'QUEEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of October
, 6 watches, value 18l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hosie
                        




                     
                   and others
            .


                  JAMES 
                  STODDART
               



            . I am a watch manufacturer, and live in Red Lion-street, Clerkenwell. On the 30th of September I packed up a number of watches, and gave them to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Taylor
               



            , my assistant, to go to Miller's Wharf; they were in a deal box, directed to the care of Gill and Son, Aberdeen.


                  THOMAS 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I am clerk at Miller's Wharf


, I received the package on the Monday, and gave this receipt for it - it was in the office, and was missed on the Saturday following; I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  MUNN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, in the employ of Mr. Tilley, of Mile-end. On Friday morning, the 4th of October, the prisoner brought a watch to pawn - I asked him two or three questions, his answers did not agree with the description of the watch, and I sent for a policeman; before the policeman came, the prisoner ran down a court, and got into a privy; he was there taken.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BARDEN
               



             (police-constable K 155). I was sent for on the 4th of September, to take the prisoner on suspicion of stealing a watch - I found him concealed in a privy, in a carpenter's yard; he turned round to me and I took him by the collar - I brought him out, and got a light, and found this watch down the privy - he was standing with his back to me when I opened the door.


                  JOHN 
                  AARON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a watch pawned by the prisoner on the 4th of October; it is a good sound silver watch, worth about 50s., we lent him 30s. on it.


                  JAMES 
                  THOMAS HAWES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker and live in Whitechapel - I produce a watch pawned by the prisoner in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Alexander
               



             for 1l. 15s., it is worth about 50s.


                  JOHN 
                  HENRY PEEBLES
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Harris, a pawnbroker, in the Minories; I have a watch pawned by the prisoner.

JOHN VAUGHAN. I am a pawnbroker. I have a watch pawned by the prisoner for 1l. 10s.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  HOSIE
               



            . I am wharfinger
 at Miller's Wharf, I have several partners.
Prisoner's Defence. On that Friday morning, a lad came and asked me to buy a watch of him, for which he asked 40s.; I said, I had not so much; he then said, 30s. I said, I had not that; he then asked me to take six watches to pawn for him, he followed me till I was taken, and then he left me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
