





643. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     POWER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Day
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  DAY
               



            . I live in Lamb's Conduit-street, and am a coal-merchant
. On the 9th of February, about ten o'clock at night, I was in Great Russell-street


 - I felt something at my coat pocket; I turned, and saw the prisoner putting something under her shawl - I took hold of her; she began to bite me - I let her go, and she ran away; my handkerchief was afterwards taken from her by the centinel on duty at the British Museum - the prisoner had before accosted me, begging.
Prisoner. I came to him for relief: he pushed me away, and then he said I had taken his handkerchief - he got a woman to search me, and nothing was found on me. Witness. A female came across the road and searched her twice, but could not find any thing on her; I then saw the soldier take the handkerchief from her, but he is not here - I am positive he took it from under her shawl.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARCHELL
               



             (Police-constable E 31.) I live at No. 4, Hadlow-street. I received the handkerchief, and took the prisoner - she said she was innocent, but that a boy passing by threw it at her.
Prisoner. A boy threw it at me in the crowd; I had no shawl on.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARCHELL
               



            . There was a crowd when I got up, but the prosecutor had got his handkerchief before that - she had a shawl on.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
