



1219. 




THOMAS MERRITT
 was indicted

for "feloniously knowingly, and without lawful excuse, on the 
26th of March, at 
St. Anne, Westminster, having in his custody and possession, a certain plate, on which was engraved part of a promissory note, purporting to be part of a promissory note, for the payment of money of a certain company of" persons, carrying on the business of bankers, under the name and style of the Cornish Bank.—2 other COUNTS, varying the manner of laying the charge;
MESSRS. BODKIN. and
DOANE. conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK JOHN WHITEMAN
. I live with ray father, in Princes-street, Soho, and am an engraver. On Wednesday morning, the 20th of March the prisoner came to our shop to have a plate engraved, exactly hike the pattern of a bank note, which he produced—this is it—(looking at it)—he said he wanted a fac-simile of that engraved—I said we could do it—he said he wanted an exact copy of that, with the stamp at the back—I told him it would require two plates to do that—I asked him how many he should want, and he said 3000—he wanted them that week, if it was possible to get them done—I told him we could not, and Monday was named—I asked him if he wanted a fac-simile of the signature—he said, "We will do that ourselves"—he left 10s. with me as a deposit—he asked what the printing would be—I said I did not exactly know, and asked him what he had been in the habit of paying—he said, "About 8s. a hundred"—he then went away, and in about an hour I gave the note to my father, and told him what had passed—the prisoner wanted to know if I could do one while he staid, to see if it was correct—but I told him is must be engraved.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did he tell you he was employed by another person to get it done? A. Not to me, nor in my presence—he did not mention the name of Gribble.

COURT. Q. Did he desire you to engrave a fac-simile of the stamp at the back of the note? A. Yes.





JOHN HENEY WHITEMAN
. I am engraver. On the 20th of March I received this note from my son, with 10s.—on the following day the prisoner came, and I saw him in the presence of my son—he wished me to engrave a plate as near as possible to correspond with the note in question, and also wished the government stamp at the back of it done—Iundertook to do it for him, and asked him for a further deposit—he asked me how much—I told him at least I should require 5l.—he pulled a bag of sovereigns out of his pocket, and threw down four sovereigns and a half, which made 5l. deposit—he wanted the plates to be done by the Monday following—that was the understanding, and 3000 impressions—they are £5 notes—he said he thought the first note he had brought not sufficiently legible as to the stamp on the back, and left me another country note, not of the same bank, but on which the stamp at the back was more legible—I have parted with that note by mistake since—I went the same day to Praed and Co., the London agents of the Cornish bank, and made a communication to them, and also wrote a letter by post to the firm, to Tweedy and Co. of the Cornish bank—On Saturday, the 23rd, the prisoner came again, and asked how I got on with the plates—I

showed him one to show that it was in progress—I then required a further deposit from him, and he gave me 10l. in cash—the plates were then pretty well perfect—I asked him, on that occasion, if he was employed by the Cornish bank, and he said, "Yes"—I said, "I presume you are a son of one of the firm"—he said, "No, I am a clerk of the firm"—I then proceeded to finish the plate, and struck off about a dozen impressions—this is the plate, and these are the impressions I gave him—(looking at them)—I think I gave him ten—I delivered the plate to the prisoner my. self, and was present when my son delivered'him the impressions, on Tuesday, the 26th—about five minutes after, I saw him in custody of two officers—I had suggested to him, on the Saturday, to go to Praed's, the agents of the bankers, for another note—he objected to that, and said it was too far—I went with him to Lubbock's, opposite the Mansion-house, but did not succeed in getting a note there.

Cross-examined. Q. Had he ever mentioned to you a person named Gribble as having employed him? A. No, I am quite sure of that—he paid me 15l. in cash and three £5 notes altogether.

MR. BODKIN. Q. The three £5 notes were for the purpose of making the plate? A. Yes—he gave me the third note on Saturday, after we came out of Lubbock's.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was that one of the Cornish bank? A. No, I only had one of the Cornish bank—the other was a note of the Union bank, and the other a Miners' Company note—I have kept them all, except the one which I changed away by mistake—at the time I was receiving this money from the prisoner I was in communication with the bank—I have kept the money.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Where is the third bank-note? A. I have it in my pocket—it was given me to engrave the government stamp by, which I partly executed.

COURT. Q. You got three notes from the prisoner; on what day did you receive the second? A. On the Thursday, the day after my son received the first—the second note was of the Union bank—I did not strike off the whole 3000 impressions, only about a dozen—I am not prepared to say what I should charge for making the plates and striking off the impressions—I lost a great deal of time with the prisoner—I should say the charge would be 15l. or 20l.—I should imagine the government stamp could only be wanted for a fraudulent purpose.





DANIEL FORRESTER
. I am a police-officer attached to the Mansion-house. In consequence of information on the 26th of March, about twelve o'clock in the day, I went with Keys to Princes-street, Soho, where we could command a view of Mr. Whiteman's shop—about one o'clock I observed the prisoner come out—we followed him into Piccadilly—he turned into the White Bear gateway, and got as far as the tap, when we took him into custody—I took this plate from his hand, and said, "What have you got here?"—he said, "It is mine"—I asked him what it was for—he said it was for a bill—he had two parcels in his hand—(I had seen him open it in coming down Princes-street, and I looked over his shoulder and saw it was copper)—I asked him who gave him authority to get it made—he said, "Mr. Williams, of Truro"—I asked him what Mr. Williams was—he said, "A grocer"—I saw the prisoner write his address—I could not understand the name of the place the prisoner said he himself lived in, and got him to write his own address and Mr. Williams's too—I have the paper on

which he wrote them—(read)—"Thomas Merritt, Hull Luggin Pool, Cornwall—Mr. Williams, Truro, Leman-street, grocer."





FRANCIS KEYS
. I am an officer. I was with Forrester when the prisoner was taken—I took the parcel from his hand, and produce it—it contains nine of the notes—the other I gave up—I went to Cornwall to the address given by the prisoner, but could not find any Mr. Williams, a grocer, there at all—I then went to the address he had written down as his own residence—I searched there, and found these papers which I now produce, and some loose type—some part of which will make the word" Cornish Bank," in the same kind of letters as is on the note—there is type enough for the whole word "Cornish Bank"—I have teen them tried—they are German text letters.

Cross-examined. Q. You found he had given a right address down in Cornwall? A. I found it near there by making inquiry—I did not search for any body else there—I made inquiry for a man named Gribble, and found he lived next door to the prisoner, but had gone away.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What made you inquire for Gribble? A. One of the partners suspected he was concerned, but I did not think so, and should not have taken him if I could have found him.





WILLIAM MANSEL TWEEDY
. I am a banker in Cornwall, in partnership with William Tweedy and others. The style of our bank is Cornish Bank, Truro—this is a genuine note of our house—(the one first presented to Mr. Whiteman)—the stamp on the bank is affixed by the Government—we pay for each stamp as it is affixed by the Government—it is a 15d. stamp—I have only known the prisoner since his apprehension—he had no authority to have a plate engraved to strike off impressions of our notes—I am not aware of any grocer named Williams at Truro—I have lived there about thirty-four years.

Cross-examined. Q. About what is the population of Truro? A. About ten thousand—there may be such a person as Williams, but not in Leman-street—my father directed Keys to search for Gribble—I did not know of him—I have heard of him only since this transaction—we have been on the look-out for him, but have been unable to find him, as I understand.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What was your reason for searching for him? A. In consequence of his being a bad character, and living next door to the prisoner, my partner suspected he might be concerned with the prisoner.




GUILTY. Aged 22.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury, believing him to have been the dupe of others
—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
