




1533. 




MARY ANN CANNON
 and 




MARY M'CARTHY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
6th of June, 1 tobacco pouch, value 2d.;✗ shillings, 1 sixpence, 1 penny, and 2 halfpence; the goods and monies of 



John Johnson, from his person.






JOHN JOHNSON
. I belong to the schooner Fame, in the London Docks I was in Mr. Blay's public-house in Shadwell on the 6th of June, leaning my head on the table—I had a tobacco pouch containing six shillings, ✗ sixpence, and some coppers—I fell asleep a little—M'Carthy sat near me—I awoke when I felt my pouch going—I saw M'Carthy with it—boll the prisoners struck me, and they and another girl ran away.

Cannon. Q. Was I in the public-house at all when you was fighting with a parcel of girls? A. Yes, you first came to me.





EDWARD KENNEDY
 (police-constable K 228.) I was called to this public-house—I found both the prisoners there—the prosecutor said he had been robbed—1 came up at the moment Cannon was there—I took the prisoners in custody—Douglas gave me some money.





MARY DOUGLAS
. I am the wife of John Douglas, a policeman. I searched the prisoners, and found two shillings, one sixpence, and some halfpence in M'Carthy's stocking—I found nothing on Cannon.





JOHN BURK
. I live in Back-lane. I saw the prosecutor come into the public-house with Cannon—she had hold of his arm—I heard the prosecutor had been robbed after I had been sitting in front of the bar a little while—I went out—Cannon came past me, and she said, "Only 4s.1 1/2 d. by G—"—I turned and saw M'Carthy, whom she was speaking to—I went into the house and saw the prosecutor and some persons striking him.

Cannon. It is false—this prisoner was standing at the bar with me—1 went in with her, and the prosecutor was scuffling with a parcel of women—there were about half a hundred round him.

M'Carthy. I went in to have a pint of beer, but I did not have his money.





JOHN BURK

re-examined. I was in the front of the bar, and while I was there, Johnson and Cannon came in, and went in the direction of the tap-room.

CANNON*—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

M'CARTHY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for seven years.
