





1312. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     JUDELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of January
, 20 dozen of caps, value 25l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Shepse Davis 
                           Wolken
                        




                     
                  , and another
            .


                  SHEPSE 
                  DAVIS WOLKEN
               



            . I am a cap-maker
, and live at Ratcliffe-highway


, I have one partner. The prisoner was in my employ to block the caps; on the 25th of January I packed up these twenty dozen of caps in a basket, to go to Messrs. Harris and Warner, Winchester-place, over the water - I left word with my wife to send them by the porter as soon as he came in - the prisoner was not to take them - I left him there blocking when I went out - when I returned I inquired where these goods were - the prisoner stood next to me, and said, he had taken them to Harris and Warner, and I was to go the next morning, and they would give me a larger order - the prisoner took breakfast there the next morning, and then went away without notice - I then discovered the property had not been delivered - I have never seen it since- it was worth 20l. - the prisoner was taken on the 5th of August.

JULICA
             LYONS. I was servant to the prosecutor at that time; he packed up the caps, and when he went out they were ready to he sent away - the prisoner took them - I told him he was not to take them - he said, his master left word that he should - I went out to keep him back till I should send for the porter - but the prisoner went off, and said he was obliged to take them - he returned in about an hour and a quarter - I was astonished to see him back so soon, he said, he made haste as there was more work for him to do - I asked him where the basket was, he said the clerk was not there, and he had left it, and my master was to call the next morning for another order.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not open the door for me? A. No, you forced the door open and went out.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  VALETTA SHORT
               



            . I am servant to Messrs. Harris and Co. On the 25th of January no caps came there - there was an order for them, but it was not executed at that time - there were some sent from the prosecutor about a week afterwards - but not by the prisoner.
MR. WOLKEN. I executed the order with other caps.


                  THOMAS 
                  TAFFE
               



            . (police-constable H. 124). I took the prisoner on the 5th of August, he denied stealing the caps; but in a moment or two afterwards. he said, Mr. Wolken knew all about it - on his way, he said, he had made away with the goods, at the suggestion of a man in Cutler-street, Houndsditch, who had waylaid him, and told him, if he could get some goods, he would buy them - that he took the hamper there, and the man bought half of them for 1l., and told him to take the rest to Gravesend, which he did, and sold them, and then he went into the country.
Prisoner's Defence. My master told me to take them- I called at the Blue Anchor and had a pint of beer, and left the basket at the door - when I came out it was gone- I was obliged to go back again - I told my master I had taken it, but the next morning he sent another parcel, and the man came back, and said, they had not received them, and I was obliged to leave.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
