



137. 




JAMES DUDFIELD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of August, at 
St. John the Evangelist, Westminster, I pocket book, value 1s.; shawl, value 5s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 7s.; 1 watch, value 2l.; 10s.; watch key, value 4s.; 1 work-box, value 2s.; 2 towels, value 2s.; 1 purse value 6d.; 1 sovereign, 10 half-sovereigns, and 1 £10 note; the goods monies, and property, of 



John Mansfield, in his dwelling-house.






ISABELLA MANSFIELD
. I am the wife of John Mansfield, and live is Rochester-row, in the parish of St. John, Westminster. I have been there about three months—I knew the prisoner before that—he came occasionally to our house to see my daughter, whom he courted—he slept there sometimes, as my husband works out at night—on the 21st of August he asked me if I was' not going to Camberwell fair—I said I did not know whether I was going or not—he was out with me—he said there was plenty of time if we did go, but we came home—I had been to the Bazaar with him—I at last said I would not go to the fair—about tea time I asked for him, and he was not in the house—I had given him a sovereign that day to take care of in the Bazaar—my daughter went up stairs after tea and found him there—I went up between seven and eight o'clock and. found he was gone—I missed two towels, and on looking further I missed a watch off the mantel-piece—I could not find my keys, and got Mr. Smith to break open my box, and missed from it a silk shawl, and a silk handkerchief, and another box containing many articles, a £10 note, and about ten sovereigns and a half—I had seen the things safe that day, before I went out—the little box was gone with its contents—I gave information directly—I did not see the prisoner again till he was at Queen-square, the day before yesterday—the small box and my pocket-book the officer has got—the note had been in the pocket-book—my silver watch is also here—I have looked at them, and know them to be what I lost at that time—the value of the goods is about 3l.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Do you let lodgings? A. Yes—I only had an old lady and her husband—I knew the prisoner before I went to live there—my daughter knew him before I did—it was this year, about the beginning of the summer—I cannot tell the month—I had known him about three months—this happened on the 21st of August—I left my daughter at home when I went out—there was another lodger in the house at that time, a Mrs. Davis—I went out about one or two o'clock, and came back a little before six o'clock—my things were all safe when I went out—I did not see the prisoner again till he was in custody—he used to come backwards and forwards to the house before, and slept there out of friendship—he proposed to be my lodger—my daughter introduced him to me.





ARTHUR BOWKER
. I am a superintendent of the police at Bath. Last Monday I received information, and went to Bristol—I met the prisoner in the street there, and took him—I told him he was charged with a robbery at No. 2, Rochester-row, Westminster—he made no answer—I asked if he knew Mrs. Mansfield—he said, "Yes"—I searched him, and found this pocket-book in his pocket and a duplicate of a silver watch, pawned for 37s. in Skinner-street, and some keys—there was a young man with me—I asked him if he lodged at the same house as he did—he said, "Yes"—I and the young man went to that house and there found a box which the young man pointed out—one of the keys found on the prisoner unlocked that box—in it I found this rosewood box and a towel, which Mrs. Mansfield has examined.

Cross-examined. Q. I understand his parents are respectable people,

do you know them? A. I do—they keep the Bell Inn at Bath, and are very respectable people.





WILLIAM HENRY WALL
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Skinner-street. This is a duplicate of mine—I have the watch and guard which it refers to—it was pawned on the 18th of September for 37s.—I do not recollect who by.





FREDERICA MANSFIELD
. I am one of the prosecutrix's daughters. I remember the prisoner being at our house on the 21st of August.





HENRY WOODBERY
. I am an officer of Queen-square. The prosecutrix's house is in the parish of St. John the Evangelist.

MRS. MANSFIELD
re-examined. This rosewood box is mine, and this watch, but not the guard—my name is on the towel—I can swear to one of these keys, but not to the others—it is rather a curious one, and is one of the bunch I missed.
(James Probert, of Lewisham-street, Westminster, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Park.

