



1489. 




RICHARD BAGNALL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of May, 1 coral necklace, value 10s., the goods of 



Alfred Bartholomew, from the person of 



Matilda Bartholomew,






MARY ANN GARLAND
. I live with Mr. Alfred Bartholomew, in Brown's-lane, as nursery maid. On the 29th of May, I took out his child Matilda—she had a coral necklace on—I was in Norton Falgate—the prisoner pulled the necklace off the child's neck, while I was standing at a linendraper's window, looking at some things in the window—he put his hand to her neck, and pulled them off—I saw them in his hand—I said, "You have got my child's beads"—he ran to go across the road, and the witness caught him—the prisoner went into the shop—I followed him—there were several persons in the shop—he said, "You are my friends, I am innocent," and he put his hand over which I saw was clenched—Mr. Cansdell sent for an officer, and the prisoner was taken; the beads were never found—I never lost sight of him.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q, How long had you been standing at the shop? A. About three minutes—the prisoner kept close to me—I watched him all the time, but I do not know what became of the beads—he was waiting for his mother and grandmother, who were making purchases in the shop—his mother came before the Magistrate, and stated that she saw nothing of it—she was searched—I have learned that the prisoner is a die-sinker—they were three rows of small coral beads, they fastened with a gilt snap—she had had them twelve months—the snap was just new, and fastened very well indeed—I am sure the necklace did not drop off—he nearly pulled the child out of my arms with pulling it—I did not see

him part with it to any body—he put his hand over to his mother and grandmother—the child is eighteen months old.





THOMAS COX
. I was walking with my wife and my sister's—child—I saw the last witness with the child—my wife and I were looking into the shop—I saw the prisoner snatch some beads or something—I ran and caught him—he kept shoving something into the waistband of his breeches—he went into the shop, and said to the two women, "Are you not my friends?" and he put his hands under their arms.

Cross-examined. Q, What became of the necklace? A. I do not know; I suppose the women had it—they were not searched at that time—I swear I saw the prisoner take something from the child's neck, but I could not see what.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
