



1884. 




JACOB MYER LEVISON
 was indicted

 for that he, on the 
31st of July, feloniously did forge a receipt for money; to wit, for 89l. 13s. 8d., with intent to defraud 



William Henry Stephens.—2nd COUNT, for feloniously uttering, disposing of, and putting off, a like forged receipt, well knowing it to be forged, with a like intent—Two other COUNTS, stating his intent to be to defraud 



Charles Bosanquet, Esq., then being president of a certain society or partenership, Called the London Life Association.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.

(The prisoner representing that he could not understand the English language, the evidence had interpreted to him.)





MARY CUSHEN
. I was in the service of the prisoner—I kept the house for Mr. Clare, No. 5, Broad-street-buildings—the prisoner took and office there—he commenced on the 30th of April—I talked English to him quite sufficeint for him to understand me and I to understand him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What kind of conversatioin did you have? A. Little things about the house, about the children, and the times—his wife understands English, and I have conversed with her—he has come down into the kitchen, and asked me the time in broken English—I have told him; he has said "Thank you, Madam"—he has said different things about the children—I have conversed with him for an hour or two, when he has had nothing to do in the yard—he has said several things about domestic affairs; sometimes he has had a difficulty in understanding—he has read the inscriptions on my pictures.





WILLIAM HENRY STEPHENS
. I am clerk in the house of Mortlock and Co.; they are china-men. Being in want of money, I put an advertisement in the newspaper—I recieved this note early in July. (No.1.)





MARY CUSHEN

re-examined. I took care of the house, No. 5, Broad-street-buildings, for the landlord—the prisoner commensed lodging there on the 30th of April—I spoke to him and received answers in English—he, in a great measure, understands what is said in Court, not to ealowlate a word together when you speak fast—if you speak to him in a slow tone, and explain it, he would understand every work.

Q. Had he a brother with him, a gentleman of the name of David Levy? A. Benjamin Levison was there—the prisoner told me that he was his cousin—the prisoner was master of the business; Benjamin acted as clerk, and told me the prisoner was a dealer.


Q. Who was your master's tenant? A. The prisoner occupied the parlour—"J. M. Levison, "was upon the door; he had it put there, and paid for it—I never saw any business, but there was a round table, covered over with some papers on it, and some gentleman called but I never knew what business he carried on—he left the house, as near as possible, on the 30th of July—his rent was due on Tuesday—he came and took away a glass, table, and a sofa—he left the place on Tuesday night, 2nd of August.

Cross-examined. Q. this other Levison acted as clerk, and the prisoner the master? A. Yes; gentleman came and asked for Mr. Levison—I said there was Mr. Levison, and they said it was his clerk they wanted, and then Benjamin came out of the parlour to them—he slept there for a month—he was as much there as the prisoner for the last month—I have heard Benjamin called his clerk in his presence—he acted as his clerk and interpreter—I have heard him tell gentleman so, when he pretended he could not speak English—I have heard B. Levison communicate to the prisoner what persons have said—I never heard any person address the prisoner in English, and he answer them.





WILLIAM HENRY STEPHENS

re-examined. In Consequence of the letter, I applied to my brother-in-law, Mr. Chubb, to go to Broad-street, and gave him the letter—I afterward saw Benjamin Levison at Bernard's-inn—my brother-in-law, Benjamin Levison, and two other persons were there—this was the first interview I had about the money—I had heard from my brother-in-law what I was to do before I went there; and in consequence of that, I wrote aceptances to these four bills in blank (looking at them) and delivered them to Benjamin Levison, without any drawer's name on them—he delivered me this paper, without the writing across, "Received 20l. on account, 31st July, 1835. T. C."—these words were not on it when I received it from him—the paper was brought ready written—I never authorized him or the prisoner to give any receipt for the sale of my policy—I never agreed to sell my policy or to cancel it—I only considered I was giving it as a security for the money I was to borrow—I never authorised any body to fill this paper up as it is—I put my name to the receipt, to enable chubb to receive the 150l.





THOMAS CHUBB
. I am the prosecutor's brother-in-law—in consequence of what passed between us in July last I went to No. 5, Broad-street Buildings with this note, about mid-day—I do not recollect the day of the month—I saw the prisoner there and produced this note to him—I am positive I showed it to him as my introduction—he was sitting at a table, with some papers before him, writting—I spoke to him in English and be asswered me in English—I told him I had called in consequence of this note, which was directed to W.H., and then he called for Benjamin Levison—I had the letter in my hand when I told him so, and showed it to him—I said, in the presence of them both, that I had come from Mr.Stephens, who was the party that wrote under those initials, and asked the terms on which they would advance 150l.—Benjamin answered me in the presence of the prisoner—he told me that for three, six and nine months they would advance the money at a bonus of 7l.; and for three, six, nine, and twelve months, 10l.—the prisoner appeared to be attending to what Benjamin said—he sat at the same table—Benjamin said that the prisoner was optician to the King of the Netherlands, and had a large sum of money to lend—that was all that passed on that occasion—I went again the following week, about the middle of July, and saw the prisoner alone—he called Benjamin in before

I said any thing, and Benjamin, in his presence, asked if Mr. Stephens would give any further security; whether either of the refrees would become a party to the bill—I had given them refrences before—it was agreed at this interview to give four bills—Benjamin Levison drew the form in the prisoner's presence for four bills at three, six, nine, and twelve months, for 40l. each, the signature to be left blank—the prisoner saw the paper delivered to me—I cannot find it—I have looked for it, and believe it to be destroyed—the bills were drawn exactly from that form—when I was asked to give security I told him Mr. Stephens objected to give the references as parties to the bill, but he had a life-policy which he would give as collateral security for the payment of the bills.

Q. Did you say deposit or give? A. I said he would let them have, or give, or deposit—I said he would let them have it as a collateral security—I am sure I said as a collateral security for the payment of the money to be advanced—nothing further passed at that interview—the bills were to be drawn—on the 24th of July, I went again and saw both Benjamin and Jacob—at the two first interviews the prisoner asked me, in English, to sit down, and said, "Good morning, "and so on but he generally had Benjamin, as his clerk, to transact the buisness for him—he attended to what was going on—he gave his whole attention to what was going on—Benjamin spoke to him, while the conservation was going on, several times—he applied to him several times—on the 24th of July I took the four bills, previously accepted by Stephens, to No.5, Broad-street-buildings—the drawer's name was not then or them—I also took this policy of insurance—Benjamin and the prisoner were both together on that occasion—I observed the prisoner write, from time to time, when I was there—I expected to receive the money on that occasion, and applied for it in the prisoner's presence for the 150l.—Benjamin said the money was not ready—that he wished to know from his attorney whether the policy, without a deed of assignment, was a collateral security—he said his attorney was Mr. Croft—he said, "We wish to ascertion from Mr. Croft, our attorney"—I believe he said he lived somewhere in the Strand—I am sure he said, "collateral"—on this occasion the prisoner did not communicate with Benjamin—he was sitting, and had a book in his hand, pretending to read—he did not appear to me to be reading—he seemed to look up as if he was watching what was going forward—I left the policy—I laid it down on their table—the prisoner was sitting at a little distance from the table at that time—Benjamin Levison opened the policy and read it—the prisoner did not come near to look at it or the bills—an appointment was made by Benjamin, in his presence, to meet that evening, at Barnard's-inn Coffee-house—I went there at the time appointed, and saw Benjamin there—Mr. Wormald and Mr. Stephens were with me—the bills were produced at this meeting—I had them myself—the drawer's name was not on them then—Benjamin did not bring the money with him—we stated that we did not wish to part with the bills till the money was forthcoming—he brought the policy with him, and he had a memorandum that he held that—this is the paper he gave me (No.2)—the name of Minter Hert was mentioned—I rather think it was by Wormald—he said, "I know there have been circumstances of persons losing their bills and securities too," and mentioned Minter Hart—Benjamin Levison said this was different, as Mr. Stephens had paid for the stamps himself—if he misappropriated them it would be felony—I delivered the bills to him, after he gave me this memorandum, without the writing across it—it was signed as it is now—"J. M. Levison"—I

required Benjamin to put his name as a winess to the signature—he did so, and represented it as the signature of "J. M. Levison"—I have been to the prisoner's place, I suppose, a dozen times, altogether—I saw him write at his own place—at the Computer, and before the Magistrate—I have seen him write, perhaps five or six times, and believe the signature "J. M. Levison," to be his writing—I know Benjamin's writing—I saw him write his name to it—I believe this letter (No. 4.) to be the writing of the prisoner—This, "Received 20l. on account," is Benjamin Levison's writing, and this note (No. 1.) is his writing—after this memorandum was given, we separated—Benjamin said they got the bills discounted at a lower rate of premium—that was the first I heard of their being discounted at all—on Monday the 27th of July, I went again to Broad-street-buildings, and saw both the praties there—Benjamin said he had not seen the attorney, but if I would walk with him, he would go with me, as it would be part of my way towards the West—I have no doubt the prisoner heard that—he was close to Benjamin—I was to walk with him to St. Clement's-church-yard—I do not recollect that the prisoner made any observation—the policy was then lying on the table, with the bills—the prisoner was sitting at the table with the policy and bills on it, and Benjamin said he would take the policy with him.

Prisoner. I was on the sofa, and never troubled myself about the business at all. Witness. He sat on a chair at the table, and was attending to the business—Benjamin took up the policy, and went with me as far as St. Clement's-church-yard—when we got there, Benjamin requested me to wait at a coffee-house, while he went to the attorney—I did so—he returned, and said it would be necessary to have an assignment; and he would get the attorney to do it, and settle the business the following day—we parted—I went again the following day, and saw both the parties together at Broad-street—buildings—the prisoner was sitting at the table in the room, and the bills were in a large bill—case on the table—Benjamin took them out of the case, to show me that they were all right; and the policy was there too—he said the attorney had gone to Margate; and the assignment was delayed in consequence; and it was not made out—I had consented for a draft of it to be drawn, to be submitted to Mr. Stephens, or his attorney—it was to be assigned as a collateral security for the payment of the money—it was never mentioned that the policy was to be sold or parted with—I went again on Thursday, the 30th of July—the prisoner and Benjamin were both there then—Benjamin said that the money was quite ready; but it was necessary before I could receive it, to get a receipt signed in blank, by Mr. Stephens—as I was not the party, they would not pay it to me—he said, "We cannot pay, &c."—I offered, if the money was ready, to sign the receipt for Mr. Stephens; but he said it must be a blank receipt, with his signature, as Mr. Lewis, a stock-broker, who was to advance the money, was a particular man, and would have the receipt filled up in his own manner—no suggestion was made that the receipt should be used to make a sale of the policy and release the office from it—all this was said in the prisoner's presence—he was at the table, and the policy and bills before him, in view—I got this half-crown receipt-stamp signed in blank by Mr. Stephens—I took it in that state to Broad-street—I only saw Benjamin there when I went back—it was the same day—I delivered the receipt to Benjamin; and went with him to Lloyd's Coffee-house, to receive the money of Mr. Lewis, who Benjamin said was there—when we got there, Benjamin parted from me a few minutes; and

when he returned, he said Lewis was gone, and would meet me next day—I asked him for the receipt-stamp, and he gave it me back—I went next day (Friday, the 31st) to the office in Broad-street, and saw both of them—I delivered the receipt-stamp to Benjamin, in the prisoner's presence—he saw me deliver it to him—I asked Benjamin for a memorandum, and he gave me this—(reads) "Mr. Chubb has given me a receipt, which I will give him back, or the money; B. L."—he requested me to wait in the office until he came back, when he would give me the 150l—the prisoner was there all the time—Benjamin was gone more than an hour or an hour and a half—I and the prisoner were talking while he was gone about what a fine city London was, he mentioned other fine cities on the Continent—he talked to me all in English, about the beauty of the English beef, over the beef on the Continent; and he mentioned some words which were similar in the English language to the French—such as table—I complained that Benjamin was gone a long time, and I hoped I should get the business settled to-day, and he said he hoped I should.

Q. Was Benjamin gone long enough to go to the London Life Assurance, in Cannon-street, and back? A. Yes; considerably more—on his return he said he had been gone a long time, and aplogized for keeping me—but said Mr. Lewis was busily engaged with Mr. Ricardo, on the West India-loan, and he could not get to him to speak to him before—he said if I would wait about half—an—hour longer he would get the business completed—he then spoke to the prisoner in some Foreign language, and they went out of the room together—they were absent about five minutes or more—Benjamin was gone the second time a little more than half-an-hour, and brought me 20l. on his return—I expected 150l.—he produced the 20l. in the prisoner's presence—I was surprised he had only brought 20l.—he said in the prisoner's presence, as Lewis was so very busy he had got a cheque of 20l. from him, and on the following day he would get me the rest—I said I hoped it would be finally settled then, as he had given me so much trouble—I asked for the receipt—stamp for the 150l.—Benjamin said he had been obliged to give that receipt to Mr. Lewis for the 20l.—but it would do again by having Mr. Stephens's signature, when the balance was paid to-morrow on the back of the same receipt—I gave him a memorandum for the 20l.—Benjamin wrote this memorandum, and I worte my initials "T. C." on it—I gave a memorandum of having received 20l. from them, and I brought away that memorandum—(Mr. Cross produced, at the examination at Guildhall; the memorandum I had given them—he attended as the prisoner's attorney)—I went away that day (looking at the receipt, No. 5.)—I have seen Benjamin write five or six times—I cannot say whose hand writing the body of this is—but the interlineation, "I hereby authorize, &c I have no doubt is the writing of Benjamin.

Q. On the other side is written "J. M. Levison," at the bottom of another memorandum? A. Yes; I believe that to be the prisoner's writing and the body of it is Benjamin's—on Saturday, the 1st of August, I went and saw the prisoner alone—I told him I had called for the balance, 130l. for Mr. Stephens—he said, he would write to Mr. Stephens, and appoint a day—he said, it could not be settled that day—he seemed perfectly to understand what I said to him, and answered me in English—I expressed my dissatisfaction at it being delayed—he said he could not help it—my brother in-law handed me this letter (No. 4.) it had been explained to the prisoner at one of the meetings where Stepheus usually dined—they were told

he dined in Jermyn-street—on the Wednesday, at two o'clock, I went to the house in Jermyn-street, with Stephens, but did not see any of the parties—I waited until half-past four o'clock, but they never came—(I believe the direction of the letters also to be the prisoner's writing)—I then went down to Broad-street, and found the name of Levison taken off the door, and that he was gone, and all his goods—I could hear no tidings of him at all—I got on board the Attwood Steam-boat, at the Custom-house, and found the prisoner at Gravesend, attempting to come on board the vessel—I had an officer with me, and took him into custody—I believe the signature to the four bills of exchange to be the hand writing of the prisoner—I never in any manner authorised either of the Levisons to dispose of the policy I had received from Stephens.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A commercial traveller—I have not any engagement at present—I had to the end of June—I was in the house of Sewell and Sons about four months—we did not agree, and I left—it was too laborious; the quantity of patterns and goods I had to convey through the country—it was the hardware and toy trade—I had been with Harwood and Co. before that, for about six months, and they altered their manner of business, and wanted it done on commission.





WILLIAM STEPHENS

re-examined. Q. Did you at any time see either of the persons charged on the subject of the assignment or transfer of this policy? A. I did, on the 29th of July—Benjamin Levison brought this paper (No. 3.) to me, at Regent-street, where I am employed and he said, in order to make out the assignment, it was necessary I should sign a declaration that I had never made any former assignment, and he pointed to the latter part of this blank form—I was very busy and only read it over in haste, and was going to strike my pen across the upper part, which says, "I hereby propose to surrender, &c.," and he stopped me, and said, "Do not do so; leave that to the attorney"—the assignment was to be for a collsteral security only—nothing passed on the subjects of the assignment, except as to it being a collateral security—I was busy, and signed it—it was blank then it has since been filled up by the number of the policy—I was not at all aware that by signing that, I was either surrendering my policy, or giving authority to any body to dispose of it—I never agreed to do so, and never thought I was doing so—I was engaged with my employer at the time, and was anxious to get rid of him—I was pressed very much for money.

MR. PAYNE
to
THOMAS CHUBB. Q. Was it not in consequence of receiving the letter, in Benjamin Levison's handwriting, that you went to No. 5, Broad-street-buildings? A. Yes—when I got there, I saw the prisoner; I told him I came in consequence of that letter—I put the letter before him—he called Benjamin to come to me—I do not know why—the prisoner did not communicate with me at all on the business before Benjamin came—he only asked me to sit down—the prisoner was in the room during the conversation—he did not say any thing—he was writing the first time—I am not aware that Benjamin Levison said any thing to him about the business at the first interview—when I called once, he was reading a book, but his attention was evidently directed to the conversation the whole time—it was not occasionally looking off his book—I was sitting by the side of the gentleman who went with me, who was talking to Mr. Levison—I do not think the prisoner was reading his book—I will swear it; because his attention was directed towards our conversation—he did not make any remarks, but he was looking towards us—I do not believe he is

deaf—when I was left alone with him, I said I hoped he would get the business settled—that I hoped it would be settled—I had been conversing with Benjamin in his presence before that on the business.

Q. Did you ever see Benjamin do any act as his clerk? A. Yes; once writing out an order for samples of wine in the London Docks, signed, "J. M. Levison," that was in the prisoner's presence—when I had my interviews with Benjamin out of the house, it was with him alone, but he made use of the prisoner's name—the prisoner never told me that Benjamin was his agent—the prisoner was generally present—he was not present at Barnard's-inn, and once when I called in Broad-street, he was absent—when I was left with the prisoner, he mentioned Antwerp, and said it was a fine city, and he mentioned some others, and compared the beef of England with that of the Continent—he spoke distinctly; quite sufficient for me to understand.

COURT. Q. Did he speak with hesitation, or clearly? A. He spoke a little broken, but as I could understand.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Was the conversation more than half-a-dozen words on each city? A. During the hour and a half I was ther, he was talking on various subjects, not incessantly—he talked full twenty minutes altogether—I said very little—he said more than I did—he told me how they stabbed each other in some parts of the Continent.

JURY. Q. Was his conversation of that nature, and to that extent, as you would expect from a native, except that the language was broken? A. Yes; and when he was taken at Gravesend, he asked me the officer's name, and said he should write to his Consul when he got to London—I never heard him say any thing about the King of the Netherlands.

MR. PAYNE. Q. When you saw him alone, you told him you had called for the 130l. for Mr. Stephens? A. Yes; I had seen Benjamin the day previous—he did not say Benjamin was not there, and he know nothing about it; he said he would write to Mr. Stephens and appoint a day—on the first occasion when I went, he said, "I am J. M. Levison, whom the note is signed by."

MR. CLARKSON. Q. About what time was it that Benjamin went out, when he staid the hour and a half? A. I should suppose, as I was there at twelve o'clock, it might be five or ten minutes past.





SAMUEL GILES
. I am one of the clerks in the London Life Association I produce this policy, cancelled—it is dated the 31st of December, 1824, for 500l. on the life of Mr. Stephens, it was cancelled on the 31st of July this year—it was not the prisoner brought it—it was a shorter man, fullfaced—he had a Jewish face—I should not have noticed it, but after I was told of this I recollected the circumstance—the person came twice, the first time about two o'clock—he then brought this receipt, but there was no order to pay the money to any one on—he returned the second time with this indorsement on it—"I hereby authorize," &c.

COURT. Q. There was nothing on the face of the instrument, as first presented, that refers to the prisoner, or a person of his name? A. No; I gave 89l. 13s. 8d. for it.

Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear that you looked on the back of it at all when it first came? A. No; I will not sear the indorsement was not on it, I think I must have seen it if it had been—I do not know that I looked at the back; but finding that the letter S in Stephens was net exactly the same as when he made the declaration, I took it to the secretary, and it was handed about, to ascertain if it was genuine; I have no reason to think the secretary looked at the back of it.






WILLIAM HENRY STEPHENS

re-examined. Q. Do you remember the person of Benjamin Levison? A. Yes; he is shorter and fuller-faced than the prisoner—I signed this paper, and gave it to Benjamin to be filled up as the attorney directed—I do not know who put in these figures.

Cross-examined. Q. Upon your oath, were you not very much in want of money? A. I was not then—I was so when I advertized—I did not give authority for the policy to be vested in Benjamin, in order that he might have the money, supposing the bills were not paid—the use of this paper was to declare that I had not made any former assignment of it.

COURT. Q. What was to be done with the policy in case the bills had not been paid? A. He was to hold it till my death—I was to see a draft of an assignment to that effect, which I never saw—it was not to be available at the office—I once called on the prisoner, and he made me understand that he had paid my brother the money—that was the day the £20 was paid to Mr. Chubb—he spoke very little English—he made me understand mostly by signs—his wife undertook to be the interpreter.





THOMAS HERDSFIELD
. I am an officer of the Mansion House. I went to Gravesend by the Altwood steam-boat, with Mr. chubb—when we got there, we found the prisoner, in a small boat, coming on board—I took him—I found on him a number of cards, "J. M. Levison, No. 5, Broad-street-buildings, City of London;" and memorandums for the purpose of getting goods—he asked me what I was—I told him an officer—he then asked me, was it on Mr. Stephens's business?—I told him, "Yes"—that was before I had mentioned Mr. Stephens—he said, "Very well"—we had very little further conversation till we got on shore—he then said that some gentleman had persuaded him to leave his house, or he should not have done it—I had not the least difficulty in understanding him—he desired I would send Mr. Stephens to him, and he would speak to him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you find any papers on him, showing what he was in his own country? A. No.
The following papers were here read:—No. (1.) "If W. H. will call at J. M. Levison, No.5, Broad-street-buildings, City, to-morrow, before eleven o'clock, or give satisfactory reference, the money can be advanced to him as above.—P.S. If not convenient, the day after, at two o'clock.
No. (2.) "I have this day received of Mr. Stephens, four Bills of Exchange, for 40l. cach, bearing date this day; and a Policy of Life Insurrance, for 500l., to advance 160l. thereon; which policy I am to hold as security for payment of the four bills, and which bills and policy I will return to Mr. Stephens by Tuesday next, or the money as agreed—
July 24, 1835.—Witness. B. LEVISON. J. M. LEVISON.
No. (3.) "To the Court of Directors of the London Life Association. I hereby propose to surrender Policy No. 3345 to the Society, at the office valuation; and I declare that the same, my absolute property, and that the interest there on has not been passed from me by assignment, mortgage, bankruptcy, or in any other manner.
No. 12, Thavies-inn, July 30, 1835. (Signed) W. H. STEPHENS

No. (4.) "Sir,—My parties will not be in town for an appointment, before Wednesday, two o'clock, (being post-day). I myself am going out of town till Tuesday; you will be so kmind as to be at the house in Jermyn-street, at the above time. Remaining your obedient Servant,
No. 5, Broad-street-buildings. J. M. LEVISON.
August 1, 1835.—Mr. Stephens, 12, Thavies-inn, Holborn.
No.(5.) "(Stamp 2s. 6d.) London, July 31, 1835. Received this 31st day of July, 1835, of the London

Life Association, the sum of Eighty-nine pounds thirteen shillings and eightpence, granted by the said London Life Association, upon the life of myself, bearing date the 31st day of December, 1824, and which policy, in consideration thereof, I now deliver up to be cancelled. (I hereby authorize Mr. J. M. Levison to receive the same.)
£89 13s. 8d. (Signed) W. H. STEPHENS.
(Endorsed.) "Received, £89 13s. 8d. for Mr. William Henry Stephens, of the London Life Assurance. (Signed) J. M. LEVISON."
W. H. STEPHENS. I received these bills back by the twopenny post, the day the prisoner was apprehended.

Prisoner's Defence. I had nothing to do with this concern at all; I know nothing about it, and had nothing to do with it.





ISABELLA ABERNETHY
. I was laundress to the prisoner. I could never make him understand English—I had an interpreter—most of the time he lived in Bevis Marks, then at the Little Minories, and then in Broad-street Buildings, and was hard of hearing.





RICHARD ST. AMOR
. I am an Englishman, but understand Dutch. I was employed to interpret some foreign documents for the prisoner, in January last—I translated the, and wroe answers—I should think he did not understand a word of English—he might copy an English letter if it were laid before him—I believe he was an optician.





JOSHUA ABRAHAMS
. I have known the prisoner ten or eleven weeks—it is the custom of our people, when any body dies, to assemble and read. prayers; and then one gives a lecute on how people ought to behave, which Jane did—the prisoner came very close to me, and said, "You must excuse my coming so close, I am rather hard of hearing"—I spoke in Hebrew, and explained it in English—when I had done, the prisoner said, "I am now as wise as before, because I do not understand English"—from my intercourse with him, it is my opinion he cannot understand English.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What was the language in which he said he was never the wiser? A. In English—in German.

COURT. Q. How came you to say, he said it in English? A. I beg you a thousand pardone, I meant German.





JOSEPH VANDERLYN
. I am a tailor, and came from Amsterdam. I have known the prisoner ever since he has been here—I was solicited to come forward and state that he is deaf; and from what I have heard of him, he does not know any english.
(Edmund Dusseldorf and Joseph Moses also gave the prisoner a good character, and stated it to be their belief that he did not understand English.)




GUILTY of uttering. Aged 38.—


Transported for Life.
