



1467. 




CHARLOTTE SPRIGGS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of May, at 
St. Dunstan, Stebonheath
alias

Stepney, 1 sovereign, the monies of 



Susannah Trudgett; and 1 10l. Bank note, the monies of William Dunn, her master, in his dwelling-house.—2nd COURT, Stating it to be the dwelling-house of 



Susannah Trudgett, her mistress.






WILLIAM DUNN
. I am a ship-carpenter, and live in the parish of St. Dunstan, with Susannah Trudgett—it is her house—she rented it—we lived together as man and wife, but are not married—the prisoner acted as servant to us both—she had no wages—we both found her in food and lodging—I lost a 10l. note—it was the proceeds of the wages from my last voyage—I joined Trudgett in paying the rent—I have nothing to do with the domestic affairs of the house—I found Trudgett in money—I cannot say how long she has had the house—I have been absent four years—I was at home when the property was taken—I came home on the 12th of May—I received my wages on Thursday, the 19th of May, and gave the money to Trudgett—I described her as my wife before the Magistrate—I was asked if she was my wife, because the name was first given in as Mrs. Dunn—it was altered afterwards—I found the prisoner in custody about an hour after she left—she had been robbed of the money—I went to the station-house to give information of my loss, and found her in custody there, and she, could not account for the money she complained of being robbed of.





SUSANNAH TRUDGETT
. I live with Dunn—I had a 10l. note of my own, and one of his—I lost it on Sunday, the 31st May—I had put them in a room which was unoccupied, in a little box, which was not locked, but the door was locked—it was in the small box, in a pewter tea-pot—I missed a bonnet and shawl the same day, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon—I found the box in the room, but the 10l. note, which Dunn had given me the care of, was gone—I know that one by a corner being torn off—it is the one he had given under my care—I took the prisoner in out of charity, and she acted as servant—I gave her board and lodging, as far as laid in my power—I can swear to this note—my house is in the

parish of Stepney or St. Dunstan's—I pay my poor-rates to Mile-end Old Town.





THOMAS BEAUMOND MASSEY
. I keep the Anchor and Hope, Jamaica-street, Commercial-road. On Sunday, the 31st of May, I received this 10l. note from the prisoner—she asked me to cash it for Mrs. Dunn—I gave her ten sovereigns, and she had got a sovereign besides—I changed that for her—it was between five and six o'clock in the evening.





THOMAS NEWTON
. I am an officer. I was at Mile-end, on the 31st of May, and observed a crowd running down the road—I inquired the cause—a brother-officer said the prosecutor had been robbed of nine sovereigns—I went to Avilla, a pawnbroker, in Mile-end-road, and found the prisoner very much intoxicated—I took her to the station-house, to investigate into it—I asked her how she came by the money—she cried and exclaimed, "'Oh, God I"—Mr. Dunn came in, while she was there, to give information of the robbery, and recognised her, and the bonnet and shawl she had got on—the prosecutor lives about two hundred yards from the public-house——there may be a nearer public-house than Massey's—she was very drunk—and not fit to take care of herself—I understood she had been exposing the money, and throwing it about—it was between seven and night o'clock.





THOMAS BEAUMOND MASSEY

re-examined. She did not appear drunk when she came to me for change—I knew Dunn and Trudgett and the prisoner before—the parish is St. Dunstan's, Stebonheath.





SAMUEL DUNN
. I was at Mrs. Dunn's house on the 31st of May, and laid down in one of the rooms—I asked the prisoner to go and get me a pint of half-and-half and some tobacco—she came back, and said she had forgotten the pipe of tobacco, and went out again, taking a bonnet and a shawl off the kitchen door—she said she would be back again in two or three minutes, but never returned.





SUSANNAH TRUDGETT

re-examined. I never allowed her to use my bonnet and shawl—I let the house out to tenants—I rent the whole house, and pay the taxes—I did not notice her being drunk at all: but I said to her at dinner time, "Charlotte, Mr. Dunn considers you have been drinking"—she said, "If I have, I don't know where I got it from"—I do not consider she would have been guilty of this, if she had not been in liquor—I always found her honest, which made me take her in—the sovereign was in the box with the two 10l. notes.





THOMAS BEAUMOND MASSEY
. When she changed the sovereign, she paid me 20d. for half a pint of foreign brandy—she took it away in a decanter, which she brought with her—I do not know whether she had a bonnet and shawl on.





SUSANNAH TRUDGETT
. I heard her go in and out, and I saw a decanter on the kitchen table with liquor in it—Dunn said Charlotte had brought it in instead of a pipe—I tasted it, and found it was brandy—I found the door was unlocked and the key gone—the key was found on her—I never saw the brandy afterwards—she brought the brandy and half-and-half in, and afterwards went out with the bonnet and shawl on.





SAMUEL DUNN

re-examined. She did not bring the brandy to me—nobody drank any of it in my presence.

Prisoner's Defence. I had been drinking the whole day—I received a blow on the forehead, and since that I do not know what I am about when I drink.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury.




Transported for Life.
