





414. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HARRISON
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of December
, 2 half-crowns, 5 shillings, 4 sixpences, and 14d. in copper
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jennings
                  




               
            .
JOHN JENNINGS. I work for Mr. Stamp, a baker
. I had two half-crowns, five shillings, four sixpences, and 14d. in copper, in a box in the front kitchen, at his house in Frederick-street, Westminster


 - the prisoner was in the habit of baking potatoes to sell in the streets
; on the 13th of December, he came and took the potatoes down stairs - I was at the oven at the time, with my master's brother; my master called me to go about my business - I went and opened my box, took up a handkerchief, and this money fell out; I saw the prisoner coming towards the box - I asked what he wanted, and he went away; he afterwards came for the potatoes - he went down to look at them, and said they were not done; my master told him to come in a quarter of an hour - he came and had them; the Policeman afterwards took him - I had then missed my money and a handkerchief; the Policeman found all the silver, but not the halfpence on him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STAMP
               



            . I am Jennings' master - what he has stated is quite correct.


                  JAMES 
                  BACON
               



            . I took the prisoner at the time he threw the clogs down; I found on him two half-crowns, five shillings, and four sixpences - on the following morning I gave him one of the sixpences; he said it was money which he had saved up for Christmas.
JOHN JENNINGS. One of the half-crowns has a mark on it, which I can swear to.
Prisoner's Defence. The money belonged to my mother, and she sent me to pay twelve shillings.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15. 


               Transported for Seven Years, to commence from the expiration of the former Sentence
            .
