





979. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
, 1 set of double harness, value 15l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Bernard 
                     Angle
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILTSHIRE
               



            . I keep a green-grocer's shop in Grays-inn-lane. About the 15th of March, a man came to my shop about some harness which he had for sale; I had before seen some hand-bills, and I desired him to bring it for me to look at; he came a second time, and said he could not get it without 15s., which he had left it for - I let him have the 15s., and then the prisoner brought the harness; I fetched Mr. Angle's foreman, who claimed it.


                  LUKE 
                  STOCKWIN
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Bernard Angle, who keeps a livery-stable
 in Gray's-inn-lane


; this harness is his, and is worth fifteen guineas; it was safe on the 16th of March, and on the 17th we missed it - the prisoner had been in my master's employ, he had been discharged a fortnight or three weeks, but he came every day to help the men in the stable; and on the night of the 16th of March, he took this harness off the horses.
Prisoner. I was not at the yard when the harness was lost. Witness. Yes, you was, and took it off the horsesthat night - the men used to give him him a little for what he did.


                  JOHN 
                  MURPHY
               



             (police-constable G 215). I took the prisoner; I told him it was on suspicion of stealing a harness - he said he did not care a d-n about it.
Prisoner's Defence. A man employed me to carry it from Somer's-town to Mr. Wiltshire's shop.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
