






1985. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  FLANAGAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of September
, 1 basket, value 1s., and 3 pocks of apples, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Jolley
               




            .
THOMAS JOLLEY. I am a fruiterer
, of Farringdon-market


. On the 20th of September Evans came and asked if I missed a basket of apples, which I did, on looking round - I went with her, and saw some apples shot from my basket into another; they appeared to be my apples, and I knew the basket to be mine - the prisoner left them in care of Ryan till she had done her business in the market, and when she came for them I took hold of her, and asked where she bought these apples - she said, "I did not buy them;" the basket contained three bushels.


                  JANE 
                  EVANS
               



            . I attend the market. I was by Jolley's warehouse, and saw the prisoner take to another woman a basket full of apples; she emptied them into a sieve, and then took the basket outside the rails - she left it there; I went and told Jolley.


                  MARY 
                  RYAN
               



            . I attend the market. The prisoner brought me a basket of apples, and told me she would pay me for minding them - when she came for them Jolley took her.(Basket produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought a basket of apples at Jolley's, and paid for them - while I went round the market to buy something the basket was taken away.


                  THOMAS 
                  JOLLEY
               



            . She bought no basket of apples of me, and if she had she should have returned the basket, instead of throwing it away in Stonecutter-street, and when I took her she said she had not bought them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
THOMAS JOLLEY. I have inquired her character, and am informed it is bad; she does not get her living by selling fruit.
