





673. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 13th of January
, 1 coat, value 3l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Frederick 
                           Adlard
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  FREDERICK 
                  ADLARD
               



            . I am a tailor
, of High Holborn


. On the 13th of January, about eight o'clock in the morning, I missed this coat from my shop - the prisoner was brought in with it.


                  THOMAS 
                  COWLES
               



            . I am Mr. Adlard's errand-boy. I was opening the shop, and saw the prisoner come in and take this coat; I ran out, and lost sight of him for about two minutes - he was then secured, with the coat under his arm, by Annus; I am sure of his person.


                  JOHN 
                  ANNUS
               



            . I am a groom. I saw the prisoner run out of Southampton-street into Silver-street, and stopped him, hearing a cry of Stop thief! I asked if he was the thief; he said, "No, let me go - it is my brother's;" somebody said, "Why did not you keep him?" I ran and took him again, with the coat.


                  EDWARD 
                  BARKER
               



            . I received the prisoner in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner handed in a petition, for a lenient sentence.


                  DANIEL 
                  BROWN
               



            . I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction - (read) - I was present when he was tried, and am positive he is the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
