




1403. 




JOHN SMITH
 and 




ELIZABETH BOYLE
 was indicted for

 feloniously and falsely making and counterfeiting two sixpences, on the 
30th of May, at 
St. Sepulchre.







WILLIAM REYNOLDS
. I am a police officer. On the 30th of May I went to Fleur-de-lis-court, Peter's-lane, Cow-cross, about two o'clock in the afternoon, with Duke, Hall, and Palmer—I went to the door and found it fast—I had a crow bar with me—I put it to the door and forced it open, and went into the room—the with me—I put it to the door and forced it open, to lay hold of me, to prevent my going in—the male prisoner was sitting in front of the fire on a small box—he rose up, threw something down on the ground, and tried to break it with his feet; he had it in his hand when I entered the room, and with his left hand he threw something into the fire—Duke and I a strong scuffle with him for some time, he being a powerful man—I picked up, in front of the fire-place, these pieces of mould, in a broken state; near to where the pieces of mould were, I picked up one sixpence

with the get on it; it was quite hot, I could hardly hold it; it is dated 1824—I asked Duke to feel it, which he did—on the box I found four gets, and on the floor near the box, I found six counterfeit sixpences, and two of them having the gets on—one is dated 1817, and the other, 1834—on the right hand hob I picked up one counterfeit sixpence—as soon as Hall entered the room, the male prisoner said, "Hall, O my God, you had not enough for us last time, you will find enough how—I had rather you would take a pistol and blow my brains out"—after they were taken away, Hall and I went back to the house, (we had fastened the door,) and under the stairs we found a saucepan, containing powdered plaster-of-Paris.





ROBERT DUKE
. I am an officer. I accompanied the other officers—I entered the room with them, and met the female prisoner against the door, she immediately called out, "Oh Christ, what do you want here?"—I pushed her into the room, and observed the man rising from the box—I saw him throw something away, and stamping something under his feet, what he threw towards the fire-place seemed to be money—we had a severe struggle before we could secure him—the other officers came to my assistance—I searched the fire-place, and on the left hand bob I found four counterfeit sixpences in an unfinished state; two dated 1817 and two 1834; and under the grate I found another—there was a fire in the grate, and an earthen pipkin on it with tobacco pipe in it—there was white metal in the pipkin, and a quantity of dross; the metal was in a fluid state, and the pipkin in a slanting position—I took off the dress—and in the lower part of it observed another counterfeit sixpence, but that got into the metal and melted sway—on the box I found a pair of scissors and a file with white metal in it—I searched Smith, and found part of a metal spoon in his pock, which I gave to Hall; also three sixpences and a shilling—the male prisoner's hands were very dirty indeed, and smelt very strongly of metal—the female prisoner said, she was very glad it was found out, for they had been working in dread and fear all the time.





WILLIAM HALL
. I am a police-officer. I went in with the other officers—Duke and Reynolds were scuffling with Smith—I assisted in handcuffing him, and held him while Duke and the others searched his place—I held him while Duke took from his pocket two sixpences, one shilling, and a piece of a metal spoon—after getting to Hatton-garden office, he requested hard to have the good money returned to him—I gave him the same amount from my own pocket, and kept this to produce in Court—when we first when in, the male prisoner said, "Hall, you did not find enough for us last time, you have found enough now"—the female prisoner said, "Well, what could you expect, Jack; all I hope it, you will get our children sent with us"—there were there children in the court, who are in the workhouse now.





CHARLES PALMER
. I was with the other officers—I examined the female prisoner's hands—they were very dirty, and smelt of metal.

Prisoner Boyle. I was making up a cap; my hands could not be dirty.





WILLIAM HALL
. I believe her cap was off.





JOHN FIELD
. I have examined these articles—I find here a part of a plaster-of-Paris mould for the purpose of casting counterfeit sixpences—it has a portion of the reverse side of a sixpence on it—I have compared one of the sixpences produced with it—it corresponds with it, and, I believe, was cast in it—I have put the pieces of the mould together—here are fourteen sixpences produced, all counterfeit, and cast in white metal—eight of them correspond with the mould, and, I believe, have been cast in it—here

are some gets which correspond with the channel in the mould, and some of the sixpences have the gets attached to them now—three good sixpences have been produced by Hall—I have compared two of them with the counterfeit ones—they correspond with them, and, I believe, have been used to make the mould—there are trifling marks about them which induce me to say so, and they are the same dates—here is a brown pot with plaster-of-Paris, and a spoon which appears to have been used to ladle the metal out—here is a file which has the white metal in the teeth—it might be used to remove the rough surface from the coin; and part of a white metal spoon.
(The prisoner Smith put in a written defence, stating, that on Monday morning, the 30th of May, he met the female prisoner, which whom he had formerly cohabited, and, being desirous of seeing his children, who lived with her, he accompanied her to her house, and had only been there a short time when the officers came and took him.)

Boyle. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 44.

BOYLE—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.




Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

