





54. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DARBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of November
, 1 box, value 2s.; 3 sheets, value 12s.; 6 pillowcases, value 4s. 8d.; 2 shirts, value 10s.; 8 aprons, value 9s.; 1 shift, value 3s. 6d.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 2s. 6d.; 5 handkerchiefs, value 1s. 9d.; 1 table cloth, value 12s.; 4 towels, value 3s. 6d.; 1 cap, value 6d.; 3 petticoats, value 3s.; 4 pairs of stockings, value 5s. 2d.; and 1 window curtain, value 6d
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Abbott
                  



               
            .
2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Robinson
                  



               
            .
WILLIAM ROBINSON. I am in the habit of sending every week to Mrs. Stokes, a quantity of linen to be washed; and it was returned to the Pewter Platter, Gracechurch-street; I send there for it - I never employed the prisoner to fetch it home.
CHARLES ABBOTT. I am book-keeper
 at the Pewter Platter, Gracechurch-street


; on the 16th of November, I saw the prisoner at the Pewter Platter; he applied for Robinson's box - I had received a box for 
               
                  William 
                  Robinson
               



             from Mrs. Stokes, of Wandsworth; through 
               
                  John 
                  Clark
               



             the coachman - he was refused it several times and said; "Do you think I should come for the box unless Robinson has sent me for it" - he said so to me; and Mrs. Abbott, and the coachman of the Wandsworth stage was present - I at last delivered him the box as he said Thompson the coachman had known him for years.
Prisoner. He said I was dressed in a green coat and blue apron, which I never wore in my life.
CHARLES ABBOTT. I swore to him by his appearance; I cannot say how he was dressed - he asked me before the Lord Mayor how he was dressed, and I said in a green frock coat which he certainly was - I cannot be certain whether he had an apron on.
JAMES THOMPSON. I am coachman of a Wandsworth coach. I know the prisoner - I saw him on the 16th of November, at the Pewter Platter - after asking Mrs. Abbott for the box, (she said he was not the regular man who fetched it,) he turned round to me and said here is Mr. Thompson has known me for years - I have known him by sight about the Angel; and they delivered it to him - he said he was ordered by Mr. Robinson to fetch the box - he took it away - I had not brought the box to town myself - that was another coachman - I knew it came from Wandsworth because I had seen it before - I saw no direction on it.
Prisoner. He said at the examination I had a blue coat on.
JAMES THOMPSON. No; I said it was a dark dress - I know he is the man; I have seen him as a porter about the Angel at Islington.


                  MARY 
                  STOKES
               



            . I wash Mr. Robinson's linen - on the 16th of November, I sent a box to him containing the articles stated in the indictment - I delivered them to John Clark, to go by the Wandsworth coach to the Pewter Platter, Gracechurch-street - there was no direction on the box - Clark knew where to leave it.
JOHN CLARK. I am a Wandsworth coachman. I received the box from Mrs. Stokes, and delivered it at the Pewter Platter, to Abbott.


                  CHARLES 
                  ABBOTT
               



            . I delivered him the box, which I received from 
               
                  John 
                  Clark
               



            .
Prisoner's Defence. I have a witness named Burton, who was with me that afternoon; having something to drink; I wish him to say what colour my clothes were, I have no recollection of being in Gracechurch-street that day. I certainly was very tipsy - at the time it was obtained I went for a situation to Hackney to Mr. Winge, who was not at home; and I came back and went to bed.



               GUILTY
            *. Aged 33 - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
