






1537. 




JOSEPH TIMBRELL,



 JOHN SHELTON,



 WILLIAM CORMACK
, and 




WILLIAM DAVIS
 were indicted for

burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Stephen Lushington, and others, at 
St. Leonard Shoreditch, about the hour of one in the night of the 
3rd of June, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 6 pairs of shoes, value 6s., 5s.; 1 pair of boots, value 5s.; 3 waistcoats, value 4s.; 3 pain of trowsers, value 6s.; 2 jackets, value 7s.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; 5 handkerchiefs, value 1s. 6d.; 1 hammock, value 2s.; 1 apron, value 6d.; 1 pair of pincers, value 9d.; 1 knife, value 3d.; 2 shoe-irons, value 6d.; rasp, value 3d.; 1 stamp, value 3d.; and 1 awl, value 1d.; their; goods and (hat Cormack had been before convicted of felony.—2nd COUNT, stating the dwelling-house and goods to belong to James Searle.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM MELVINE
. I live next door to the Refuge for the Destitute, at Hoxton—I am the assistant superintendent of the establishment. Dr. Lushington is a member of the society—he acts as trustee of the society—I believe his Christian name is Stephen—James Searle is the superintendent of the male establishment—the society consists of a number of annual and other subscribers—they have not any charter nor act of parliament—John Searle lives in the house, and is responsible for the care of all the property there—it is an establishment for the reformation and protection of houseless persons, and those who have been in custody for minor offences—the prisoner Timbrell has been in the house since November, 1886; Davis has been there ten months or a year; Shelton about eight months, and Cormack about six months—they were all employed in the shoe department, learning the trade of shoe-making, and all slept in one on the third floor of the building—they slept in hammocks hung on beams in the room—on the night of the 3rd of June they went to bed between seven and eight o'clock—I locked the door of their room myself—I saw all their hammocks occupied, but I do not recollect seeing either of the prisoners except Timbrell—they must all have been present at tea-time, or I should have missed them—when I fastened the door, the shoe-room was safe,

but I did not enter the room—between two and three o'clock next morning I was awoke by Beckley, the policeman—I got up, and went to the prisoners' sleeping-room—I found the door open, the bolt of the lock out, and the box of the lock loosened—the door had been forced—I missed the four prisoners from the room, and two others who are not in custody—I went into the shoemaker's-shop, which is on the same landing-place, opposite the sleeping-room—I found the lock of that shop apparently uninjured, but the lower panel of the door was out—it appeared to have been cut with a knife—either of the prisoners might pass through the panel—the lock was still locked—the cutting-room is divided from the workshop by a wall, and in that wall there is a window, which I found open—I went through the window into the cutting-room, as the door was fastened as usual—all those rooms are on the same floor—there is a glass case againit the wall of the cutting-room, containing the shoes and other articles—that was wide open—it was only kept buttoned—I saw that boots or shoes had been taken from one of the shelves—there is a window in the cutting. room, which looks down into a court belonging to some alms-houses—I found that window open, and a hammock hanging out of it—the ring of the hammock was fastened to a post in the room—on pulling the hammock I found four hammocks fastened together, which would enable them to let themselves down out of the window, which is about twenty-four feet from the ground—they would more than reach the ground—they are seven or eight feet long—I suspected the other persons were in the alms-house-court—I went there with a policeman, and in a privy at the end of the court found Shelton, Cormack, and Davis, and I found two pairs of new shoes, one fustian jacket, one pair of fustian trowsers, and one fustian waistcoat—we found at the station-house that Cormack and Davis had on new shoes belonging to the institution—there was a hammock in the privy also—the shoes were in the privy, but the other articles were scattered about the door—it is the property of the institution, of which James Searle has the superintendence and care—I asked the boys in the privy what they had been about, or some trifling question—I do not recollect their answer—I gave them into custody—the lock of another bed-room was injured besides the one they slept in, but I cannot say it was done that same night—the hammocks had been taken from the room they slept in—we found the bed clothes lying there without the hammocks—the property is worth about 40s.—I found a short piece of iron about eighteen inches long and bent at one end, on the landing, between the bed-room and workshop—I think that would have effected the breaking I have described—the building is in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch—Mr. Searle sleeps in the building, under the same roof as the rooms I have described.

Shelton. Mr. Melvine did not lock the door—it would not lock—the part that catches was loose—Mr. Breedon tried to lock it, and when he shoved it it came open. Witness. I locked the door, thinking it was as usual—I did not examine the box of the lock, not having any suspicion of it—Mr. Breedon, the master, goes over the premises with us and assists in locking the door, but I locked it that evening myself—I know nothing of his trying to lock it—I am certain I locked it myself—there are two keys—the orderly master has one and I another—when I examined the lock in the morning, I found it was locked, but something was wrong with the box into which the bolt goes—Mr. Breedon slept in the house that night—it was about eight o'clock when I locked the door—it

would not be his duty to unlock it after me, unless be found occasion for it—I am speaking of the door of the sleeping-room, not the Shoe-room.





EDWARD FORSTER
, Esq. I am a banker, and am one of the trustees of this institution, and act as treasurer. There are three trustees, Dr. Stephen Lushington is one of them—the society is composed of a number of noblemen and gentlemen, and is to afford protection to unfortunate persons, and teach them trades—James Searle, the superintendent, is responsible for the property in the male establishment—he has the care of it, and sleeps on the premises.





GEORGE BECKLEY
 (police-constable N 217.) On Monday morning, the 4th of June, I was on duty near the Refuge for the Destitute, about a quarter-past one o'clock, and saw the prisoner Timbrell in company with another boy running from a wall close by the Refuge—I immediately pursued them and overtook Timbrell with a bundle in his possession—the other boy got away—I secured Timbrell in Queen-street—he hid himself up in a doorway—I asked him what he had been doing—he said he had made his escape from the Refuge—I took him to the station-house and examined the bundle, which contained one pair of trowsers, one waistcoat, two odd women's boots, new, tied up in an apron; and in a pockets of his coat I found a quantity of shoemaker's tools—he had two shirts on, and a pair of nearly new shoes on his feet—I gave notice to Melvine, and accompanied him to examine the premises, and with him found the other three boys in the privy at the bottom of the court, with the other property there—I then went and examined the state of the premises—I found the lock of the bed-room door forced open—the box had been forced nearly off the door-post—the bed clothes were lying about, and five or six hammocks were gone—on the landing we found a piece of iron, and across the landing, at the shoemaker's workshop, the lower panel of the door was cut out—the prisoners could have got through there—Mr. Searle unlocked the door, and we went in—the window in the wall was open wide enough for them to get through into the cutting-room—the glass case was open, and Melalms-houses vine missed property from it—a window looking into the court of the was open—a hammock was fastened to a post in the cutting-room, the other end of the hammock was hanging out of window, and three or four more were tied to it, which would enable them very easily to get out of window into the court—I went out into the alms-house court, and in the privy at the end I found the other three prisoners—there were two pairs of new shoes inside the privy, and other articles of apparel lying about, some inside and some oat—Melvine said something to the boys, and they said they found the property there—Cormack and Davis had each a pair of new shoes on their feet—the prisoners were all dressed, besides the apparel I found loose.

Skelton. The policeman brought the shoes and threw them down at our feet. Witness. I found them in the privy—I never saw the prisoners before.





HENRY PULLEN
. I am a master tailor, employed at the Refuge for the Destitute. This wearing-apparel is the property of the institution, and was under my care—it is my cutting out.





JOHN DALLY
. I am master shoemaker at the Refuge. I believe these tools are the property of the institution—we have tools exactly like them, but there are so many tools I should not like to swear to them—they are

such as are missing—here are two odd ladies boots—I have the fellows in my pocket, which correspond with them—I know the work of them—they were made under my superintendence—I left the shoemaker's shop about seven o'clock on the Saturday evening, when we left off work—they are common kind of tools—I locked the door when I left on Saturday night—there was no hole in the pannel then—I was in the institution when Timbrell first came—he did not bring any shoemaker's tools with him.

Timbrells Defence. It was not me that cut the panel of the door out—I was asleep at the time it was done—I was awoke, and was asked to go with them—I had no intention to run away before.

Shelton's Defence. Preston, Cooper, and Avery came to our hammocks, and asked us if we would run away they said they had broke the panel in, and got the pin out of the window, and got the window open.

Cormack's Defence. What Melvine says about locking us in is not true—Mr. Breedon locked us in—the door could not be locked—the boys in the bed-room could prove that Mr. Breedon could not lock the door—Mr. Melvine was not there at all on Sunday night—he did not see us in our beds at all, he never came into the bed-room.

Davis's Defence. I was in my hammock—Preston and Avery came and awoke me, and asked if I was going to run away—they said they had made it all right—I asked them what was right—they said they had cut the panel of the door away—I went to the window, and some of them chucked a lot of clothes down, which the policeman brought against us, but we never had any notion of taking them away.





JAMES BALL
. I am in the service of Mr. Thomas, a newsvender in Cornhill. I produce a certificate of Cormack's former conviction—read)—I was a witness against him, and know him to be the person—he was in Mr. Thomas's employ with me.

TIMBRELL*—



GUILTY [Of stealing only. See original trial image.]. Aged 17

CORMACK*—



GUILTY [Of stealing only. See original trial image.]. Aged 17.

SHELTON*—



GUILTY [Of stealing only. See original trial image.]. Aged 15.

DAVIS*—



GUILTY [Of stealing only. See original trial image.] Aged 16. Of stealing only.—





Transported for seven years.
