





1010. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     JENKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of May
, 50 pieces of ribbon, containing 1800 yards, value 7l.; 29 half-pieces of ribbon, containing 520 yards, value 14l.; 2 pairs of gloves, value 3s.; and 1 box, value 2s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Carlisle
               




            , and others.


                  JAMES 
                  CULVERWELL
               



            . I am a partner in the house of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Carlisle
               



             and others, in Vine-street, Mereford-street, Bristol. The prisoner lived in our employ there for ten or twelve months - I received information last Monday morning that he was in custody - he left us in April - I discharged him for being out all night; I did not miss these goods, for our stock is very numerous; I came to London, in cosequence of information last Friday, and saw the prisoner on Saturday in custody; I did not tell him the charge, he admitted to me that he had stolen a quantity of goods; I neither threatened nor made him any promise; the articles stated in the indictment were brought to Hatton-garden; the fifty pieces of ribbon I did not see, only the twenty-nine half-pieces, part of them were on rollers and had my own mark on them.


                  PHILIP 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I am a linen draper, and live in St. John-street, Clerkenwell - the prisoner came to our house three times to offer ribbons - I saw him the second and third times, I bought of him, on the 1st of May, twenty-four pieces of black ribbon on rollers, and on the 10th of May, we bought of him fifty-two half-pieces on rollers; I paid for them three shillings and three pence a-piece, which contains thirty-six yards, they were on rollers; the goods bought on the 10th of May were five-pence or sixpence below the market price, and we suspected from that, the did not come honestly by them and detained him, we asked how he came by them, he said his name was George Noble - on my very closely questioning him, he said he was a traveller, that his name was not George Noble, but he travelled for George Noble & Co., of Bristol, and his name was George Jenkins, and that he lived at the corner of Bond-street, in Piccadilly; I found that false and gave him into custody; I made inquiry in the mean time, of different houses, and ascertained that the goods had been bought in Oldchange, by the prosecutor, and I caused information to be given to him; he afterwards told me that he lived in Clare-court.


                  THOMAS 
                  SINNOTT
               



            . I am a policeman. I have twenty-nine pieces of ribbon which Freeman gave into my charge; the prisoner was given in charge also - I produced them at Hatton-garden, Mr. Culverwell claimed them.
MR. CULVERWELL. My own mark is on some of them, and some of the marks are rubbed off - the prisoner never bought them of me, he was not in the habit of buying articles - I found an inventory of goods in his box, value fifty pounds, which he said he had taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAKER ASHTON
               



            . I am a policeman. I searched the prisoner's lodging, No. 24, Clare-street, Clare-market - I had information from a gentleman that lived there - I found in a box several papers with the private mark of the prosecutor on them, and the box is directed to him.


                  ROBERT 
                  JACQUET
               



            . I keep Johnson's Alamode-beef-house - the prisoner lodged in my house; this box was found in his room.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
