



734. 




THOMAS YOUNG
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of January, 1 basket, value 10s.; 24 bottles, value 4s.; aud 4 gallons of wine, value 3l.; the goods of 



William Fountain.







RICHARD HARDING
 (City police-constable No. 90.) On the 6th of January, about five o'clock in the evening, I saw a man turn down Milton-street, with a hamper of wine on his back—I looked up Milton-street, and saw the prisoner on the other side the street—the man who had the basket, pitched it on a post—the prisoner came and took it on his back—it seemed heavy, and slipped off his back—he staggered into the road—I asked him where he was going with it—he said, "We are going to take it to the Weavers' Arms, in Milton-street"—the other said, "Do not be a b—y fool and break it, or we shall have to pay for it"—the prisoner got to the corner of Chapman-street—he then threw it down, and they both ran away—I am quite certain the prisoner is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you seen him before? A. Yes, many times—I knew his person very well—he was taken on the 24th of February, which was about seven weeks after the transaction—Robinson was present when I saw the prisoner with the wine—I did not then know where it came from, but I understand it came from Aldermanbury, which is not above two or three hundred yards from the Fore-street end of Milton-street—the post I spoke of is twenty-four or twenty-five paces down the street—I had not seen the prisoner between the 6th of January and the 24th of February, to my knowledge—I swear I had not seen him repeatedly—he might have been in the street where I was, when I was not in sight—my beat is in Fore-street—I had never spoken to him before the 6th of January—I think he had a yellow neckcloth—I will not swear it was not black—it was not a white one with spots on it—I did not notice it particularly—I mentioned yellow because he generally wore yellow—he had dark-coloured trowsers on—I believe Robinson is a painter—I had not seen him before the 6th of January, nor till the appearance of the prisoner afterwards—he lives at No. 35, Baltic-street—he gave his address that night at the station-house—I saw him at Guildhall and here—I called at his house, when the prisoner was taken, on the 24th—he was not at home—I called again, the next morning, for him—I had not seen him from

the 6th of January till the morning of the 25th of February, and I did not see him again till we attended here, I am positive.

Q. Do you mean to swear that no where and at no time you have seen George Robinson, since the 25th of February, till you saw him here? A. I do.





GEORGE ROBINSON
. I live at No. 35, Baltic-street, St. Luke's. I was coming down Milton-street that evening, and saw the prisoner with a hamper on his shoulder—it appeared to be rather heavy, and he let it fall—I have no doubt he is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A house-painter—I work for Mr. Adams—this took place on Twelfth-night, the 6th of January—I saw the prisoner about twenty yards down Milton-street—I did not see the basket on the post—the policeman came up when the basket laid in the road—the prisoner and the other man got away—I helped the policeman to carry the wine to the station-house—I there stated where I lived—the policeman called at my house on Tuesday week, in the evening—I was not at home—he called the next morning, and told me to come to Guildhall, which I did—we had a pot of beer, when it was all over, among four of us—I did not see who paid for it—I think we were not at the public-house above two minutes—we all went away together—I believe it was at the end of Golden-lane that I parted with the policeman—there are several public-houses about there—we went into one—it was in Barbican.

Q. Should not you be surprised if the policeman should have sworn that after you left the office that day, he saw nothing more of you? A. Yes; the policeman was with me—I think it was some ale we had there—I suppose we must have been there half an hour—we had one pot of ale—the other two witnesses were with us—I went home when I left them—I did not see the policeman go into any other public-house.

COURT
to
RICHARD HARDING. Q. How was it you came to omit all this about the public-houses and drinking? A. Perhaps I can explain that: when the prisoner was committed to Newgate, I was ordered, by the Inspector, to bring the witnesses down here, and this ale that he speaks of is what we had on our way home from here.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you not swear that the last time you saw the witness was at Guildhall, till you saw him here? A. I was ordered, at Guildhall, to come to the office to give instructions for the indictment—there was no one in attendance, and we went into that public-house.

Q. Which public-house? A. The one in Barbican—I did not go into any other public-house—we had some porter, while we were waiting at Guildhall—we went to a public-house for that, where we staid about two minutes—I sometimes go with witnesses to public-houses, after they have been before the Magistrate—I do not know that it is improper, without it is done with a bad intent—I do not know that it is against our regulations—I have been in the police two years—we are not allowed to go into public-houses when on duty.





CHARLES RAWCOMB
. I am a copper in the employ of Mr. William Fountain. On the 6th of January, I had this hamper in his cart, in Aldermabbury—I was away a short time, and then missed it.





THOMAS MAGUIRE
. I apprehended the prisoner.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
