





1598. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MURTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of August
, one 50l. Bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Parsons
                  




               
            , since deceased.
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  SARAH 
                  CAROLINE STRICKLAND
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Moses 
                  Strickland
               



            . In the month of August I was housekeeper to the late Mr. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Parsons
               



            , who died on the 18th of August - he was overturned in his gig, and lived but five days afterwards; the prisoner was in his service for five or six days - I was at dinner with the prisoner, Mr. Corfield, and Mr. Parsons at his house, one Wednesday about a fortnight before his death; Mr. Parsons desired me to go up stairs, and get two bills and two letters, one containing a note for 50l., which I gave the prisoner to pay a bill of 50l., at Masterman's, and he was to take up another bill of 18l. 19s. - I gave him 70l. in the whole, and there was amongst it a cheque for 9l. on Child's bank, which he was to get changed - he went at two o'clock from our house, and was to take an omnibus that he might be in time, before the banking-house shut up; he was to return that night, but he did not till ten o'clock the next morning, when he was very much intoxicated - I found him in the counting-house, with his head laying on the desk - I said," How do you account for this strange conduct? what have you done with the bills?" he said it was all right - I said he had occasioned us great alarm; he produced the 18l. bill, torn all to pieces - I asked for the 50l. bill; he said the gentleman was not known at the Bank, and he produced the letter of Mr. Hankin's, in which the note had been enclosed - I asked what he had done with the note; he said it was all right, he had left it at the banking-house - I asked if he had not brought the receipt for the 50l. - he said they did not give him any.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Are you sure those were his words, that it was all right, and he had left it at the banking-house? A. Yes; he did not say it was not all right, but he would explain it to Mr. Parsons - the prosecutor was indited to drink a little more than he ought somtimes - he was sober the day he gave this money out, and the day following, I think; I never heard Mr. Parsons tell him he might purchase some clothes, as he looked very ragged and distressed, and I am sure it was never intended - the prisoner staid away two or three days, which excited suspicion, and when he came he was very much intoxicated; the last day he came was Thursday - he breakfasted with Mr. Parsons; he did take up the bill for 18l. - I do not know of his being at any races, where he was knocked down and ill-used, nor did I hear him mention it.
MR. MALLETT. I am chief clerk at Marylebone-office. I was present, and took the deposition of the deceased 
               
                  Richard 
                  Parsons
               



             - this is it.(Read.)


                  Richard 
                  Parsons
               



            , on his oath, says,
"I live at No.5, Carpenter-street, Mount-street, Grosvenor-square - I am a coal- merchant. On Thursday, the 28th of July last, I was at Marylebone Police-office for a beach of the peace, and I saw the prisoner there, employed writing at the desk - on the same evening,I I went to the watch-house again, to inquire of Mr. Lazenby, the superintendant, if he could recommend me a person as a clerk; I saw the prisoner, and I told him I wanted to see Mr. Lezenby, and the purpose I wanted him for - the prisoner said," Why Sir, I have got a good deal of leisure time upon my hands, and I think I could do what you want very well;" I said very well, he might come into my service - the prisoner came to my house; I placed him in my counting-house, and put him to his duty - I proposed that he should dine at my table, thinking him to be a respoectable person, from him being empolyed in Mr. Lazenby's office; while at dinner, on Wednesday last, (I think,) the prisoner was with me, I desired my housekeeper to bring some money down stairs, for the prisoner to go and take up two bills, one for 18l. odd, and the other for 50l., at Messrs. Masterman's banking-house; it was drawn by 
               
                  William 
                  Hankin
               



            , Esq., accepted by the Basingstke Bank, and paybable at Messrs. Masterman's, Nicholas-lane - Mr. Hankin had written to me to get the 50l. bill taken up for him, and I gave the prisoner a 50l. Bank of Engalnd note to go and take up the bill, and he left the house for that purpose; the next day, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, the prionser returned to my house in a dirty state - he breakfasted with me, and delivered me the billfor the 18l., he said he had paid the 50l. at the banker's, but they did not know any thing of Mr. Hankin - he was very dirty, and I told him to go and clean himself, but I afterwards found him in the same state, sleeping in the counting-house; I did not see him again till he was in custody - on the Saturday I went to Messrs. Masterman's, and was informed that no such money had been paid in there. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  PARSONS
               



            ."


                  JOHN 
                  CORFIELD
               



            . I am a dressing-case maker, and live in Mount-street, Grosvenor-square. I was dining at Mr. Parsons' on the day in question, and saw the money given to the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a clerk in the banking-house of Messrs. Masterman and Co. On the 3rd of August a person came to our house, but I cannot say that it was the prisoner - he did not take up a bill, nor leave any money; I said we knew nothing of the party, and could not take the money.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not the man press you to take the money? A. I have no doubt he did, but it is such a common thing that I cannot say he did; if we had had the bill I would have given it him, and taken the money.


                  JOHN 
                  GOSLING
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I took the prisoner at the Horse and Groom, Oxford-street, on the 8th of August - one of my inspectors, who was with me, said,"This is an unpleasant business about Mr. Parsons' money"- he said it was all right, he knew all about it - I took him to the watch-house, and found on him twenty-six sovereigns and a half in gold, 17s. in silver, and 6d. in coppers - I asked him where the remainder of the money was, and he said he had been drinking about and made off with it.
Cross-examined. Q. How far was this from Mr. Parsons? A. I think near half a mile - it was in the parlour of the house; he did not tell me that he was on his road home to Mr. Parsons'.
Prisoner's Defence. I returned to Mr. Parsons' the same evening; Mr. Corfield said, before the Magistrate, that I was paid the other bill in sovereigns, and it turned out afterwards it was a cheque and sovereigns.


                  JOHN 
                  RAND
               



            . I am not in any business - I live upon my means, in Stamford-street, Blackfriars; I have known the prisoner four years. On Saturday, the 6th of August, I lent him 40l. - he came to me in extreme distress, and said he had had a misfortune.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.Was it a note you lent him? A. No, sovereigns - I had no memorandum of it; I am under obligations to his friends in the country.
COURT. Q. Who was present? A.Nobody but ourselves - he told me he had been in distress, at least in some drunken frolic, and this was to make the money up, to settle with Mr. Parsons.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
