








692. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HARRIS, alias 
GEORGE PEET





               
            , 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WATTS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BAKER
                  




               
            , & 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CRONEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of February
, 1 wooden till, value 1s.; 1 half-crown, and 2s. 6d. in copper
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Thumwood
                  




               
            .


                  HARRIET 
                  ASHKETEL
               



            . On the 21st of February I saw the four prisoners together in Crane-place, Kentish-town, about three o'clock in the afternoon - I am sure I saw them all; they threw a till over a wall, which attracted my notice - I then saw them passing copper and silver among them, which I saw Harris take out of his hat - he gave them all some; I thought it was not right, and told the Policeman - I took the till up myself; I did not know them before, but I can swear to them all.
WILLIAM MORRIS. I am a Police-constable. This witness gave me the till, and gave me notice of this - I saw all the boys playing with halfpence, opposite her house; I took them - I found 8 1/2d. on Watts, and the rest of the money on the others - here is 1s. 6d. in silver, and this copper - I took two first, and the other two after.
HENRY THUMWOOD. I live in Junction-road, Kentish-town


, about a hundred yards from Ashketel's  - this is my till; I missed it last Monday afternoon, about two o'clock; it had been drawn out from behind the counter- there was about 4s. or 5s. in it, in halfpence, farthings, sixpences, and shillings; I did not see the prisoners near there.
Harris' Defence. Baker asked me to go with him to his father - we went, and he asked these two boys the nearest way to Highgate, and then the Policeman took them.
Baker's Defence. We asked these two boys the way; the Policeman took them, then called us, and took us.
Watts' Defence. I was going after a place, and was talking to these boys.
HARRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
WATTS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
BAKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
CRONEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.







               Transported for Seven Years
            .
