




844. 




ELIZABETH AUSTIN
 and 



SUSANNAH EVANS
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
20th of February, 100lbs. weight of lead, value 14s., the goods of 



Thomas Windsor, and fixed to a building.—2nd COUNT stating them to be the goods of 



William George Robinson.






WILLIAM GEORGE ROBINSON
. I live in Brook-street. This building is in Beer's-rents, Beer-street—it belongs to me—the lead was taken

from the top of a shed, up a court, called Beer's-rents—there is no there is no thoroughfare—I had seen it secure the night previous, (the 19th)—on the 20th my attention was drawn to it, and I found the lead stripped and gone—it was the gutter—it had been ripped and cut away, and was gone—there was above 1 cwt. and 3qrs., or twenty feet of it, a yard wide—I have seen it since—I have no doubt it was part of the gutter of that shed—it fitted in all respects—I have seen the prisoners several times in the neighbourhood—they live close on the spot, near Beer's-rents—I do not know how they get their living.





HANNAH TALBOT
. I live in Beer's rents. On the 20th of February, about half-past six o'clock in the morning, I saw two women pass me heavily loaded—I could not see who they were—they went out of Beer's-rents across the road, down James-place—the stable in Beer's-rents belong to Mr. Robinson—I went into a yard adjoining the stables, pushed the privy door; and a man put his head out, and said to me, "It is a very cold night to lie in such a place as this"—I said it was—I went up the yard and saw two large pieces of lead lying there—I saw Mr. Robinson, who said it had come off his premises—I fetched a policeman.





SAMUEL PERKINS
. I am a policeman. I was on duty in Brook-street on the 19th—I saw the two prisoners about twelve o'clock, and noticed them standing together for a considerable time, at the bottom of Stepney-causeway. between James-place and Beer's-rents—I spoke to them, and ordered them to go away once or twice—they were strangers to me—I wished them to go away—I left the beat at two o'clock, and saw no more of them,

Austin. there were other females besides us, about half a dozen. Witness. The prisoners were by themselves—there were girls passing and repassing.





JOHN MURRAY
. I am a police-officer. I heard of this on Saturday morning, and went to No. 12, James-pace, where the prisoners live, and cohabit with two men, named Allen and Leechey—I went and knocked at the door—nobody answered—there was an empty house next door—I looked through the key-hole, and saw Austin run down the stairs, with something in her apron, into the yard, and enter the privy—I burst the door open—my brother officer went through the empty house—I found Austin coming out of the privy, where I found seven pieces of lead—Evans was in the room at the time—she said she knew nothing about it—and in the station-house, she said, "It is very hard to go and get into trouble for other people"—the lead was in the soil.

Austin. I know nothing of the lead—I was in bed at the time—a great may girls are about there.

Evans. I know nothing of it—I was out all night.





JOHN MURRAY
 re-examined. The roof is about twenty feet high, but there are two or three privies which a woman might step up on to get up.

AUSTIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

EVANS—


NOT GUILTY


