






Before Mr. Justice Taunton.
625. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SARTIN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     LOFTHOUSE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of January
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Chignell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  CHIGNELL
               



            . I live in Gerard-street, Soho. On the 21st of January, about ten minutes to nine o'clock at night, I was in King-street, Covent-garden


 - a constable came up and asked if I had lost any thing from my pocket- I felt, and missed my handkerchief, which was safe half an hour before.


                  THOMAS 
                  TIPPER
               



            . I am a Policeman. I first saw the prosecutor near Temple-bar; the two prisoners were then following close to him - they followed him to King-street, and kept close to his pockets, and once Lofthouse had hold of his coat, to feel if he had any thing in it; in King-street I saw Lofthouse put his right hand into the prosecutor's left-hand coat pocket, and draw his handkerchief out- Sartin was alongside of him at the time; I asked the prosecutor if he had lost any thing - he felt, and missed his handkerchief: I instantly returned, and secured the two prisoners - I searched them, and found the handkerchief in Sartin's hat, which he had on his head; it was a little before nine o'clock - I searched them not half a minute after I saw it taken: I had not seen Lofthouse give it to Sartin; I was about two yards from them, and had my eyes on them all the time - I did not see Sartin take his hat off - that must have been done afterwards; I am sure they were in company all the way from Temple-bar, I saw them talking together.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Sartin's Defence. When the officer came back I was in the middle of Covent-garden - I was going on an errand for my grand-father, and as I walked up King-street, saw a handkerchief on the ground, and picked it up - I turned back, and saw this lad: I said I had found a handkerchief - then that gentleman and the officer came after me; I did not attempt to run away - it was in my pocket, not in my hat.
SARTIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
LOFTHOUSE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
