



537. 




JOHN HALL, alias 
Charles Hodges
, was indicted

 for feloniously uttering a counterfeit sixpence, on the 
20th of January, to 



Samuel Mayhew, well knowing it to be counterfeit; having been previously convicted as a common utterer.

The Hon. MR. SCARLETT
and
MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am Assistant Solicitor to her Majesty's Solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the conviction of John Hall, alias Hodges, for uttering counterfeit coin—I have examined it With the original record in Mr. Clark's office—it is a true copy.





JOHN WILSON
 (police-constable H 13.) I was present when the prisoner was tried in this Court, in October, 1836, for uttering counterfeit coin—I am sure he is the person—he was tried in the name of John-Hall—(certificate put in and read.)

ELLEN NORMAN. I am in the service of Mr. M'Lean, a publican. On

the 10th of January the prisoner came to our house for a pennyworth of give—I served him—he offered me a shilling—I examined it, and it was bad—I told him so, and gave it to Mr. M'Lean—the prisoner said nothing when I told him it was bad.





WILLIAM M'LEAN
. I keep a public-house in Smithfield. I saw the prisoner served with the gin, and saw him throw down a shilling—Norman handed it to me—the moment I handled it I found it was bad, and I gave him in charge—I bent the shilling on the counter, and then went round, and said, "I suppose you are aware of it?"—I went to the door, and called the officers in, who were outside—I marked the shilling in the presence of the officer, and gave it into his hand—(looking at one)—I am certain that is the same shilling.





EDWARD PYEFINCH
. I am an officer. I was on duty on the 10th of January—Mr. M'Lean gave the prisoner into my custody—he handed me a shilling, which I have produced—I have kept it ever since—I searched the prisoner, and found on him a good sixpence and 4d. In halfpence—he was taken before the Magistrate, and no other case being brought against him, he was discharged on the following day.





SAMUEL MAYHEW
. I keep a public-house in Whitecross-street, St. Luke's. On Wednesday, the 20th of January, between nine and ten o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to my house, and asked for a glass of gin—I served him—it came to 1d.—he laid down a sixpence, which I examined, and found to be bad—I asked him where he took it—he said, "Of a butcher, up the street"—he rather smiled, and I sent for a police-constable—he was going to run towards the door, and a policeman met him coming out—I marked the sixpence, and gave it to Burleigh, the officer.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not ask you to go to the butcher to prove that he did give it to me, and want to go and fetch the butcher? A. No, you did not say you would go and fetch the butcher, I am certain.





RICHARD BURLEIGH
. I am a City policeman. I was called to Mr. Mayhew's house on the night in question, and took the prisoner into custody—I received from Mr. Mayhew a sixpence—I searched the prisoner, and found 4 1/2 d. In copper on him—I produce the sixpence.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am Inspector of Coin to her Majesty's Mint I have examined the sixpence—that and the shilling are both counterfeit in all respects.

Prisoner's Defence. My mother died in child-bed, and my father died when I was nine years old—I was left to my grandfather—my grandmother died when I was about twelve years old, and my grandfather turned me out of doors—I was transported from here for seven years; but, through good behaviour, after four years I came home, and set up in business here—I lost my money by misfortune, and came to poverty, and had nothing to do but to utter base coin—I was sent to the House of Correction for that, and when I came out I was ill in Bartholomew's Hospital—I then had nothing to do but to utter base coin again—I hope you will have mercy on me. 


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
