



1583. 




ISAAC JOSEPHS
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Charles Stevenson, at 
St. George-the-Martyr, about the hour of three, in the night of the 
7th of June, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 lamp, value 1l.; 1 bat, value 1s.; 2 saltcellars, value 6s.; 1 cruet stand, value 5s.; 7 cruets, value 8s.; and 2 spoons, value 8s.; his goods.






GEORGE HOBBY
 (police-constable E 129.) On the 8th of June, I was in Orange-street, and met the prisoner about hall-past three o'clock in the night, carrying this lamp—I asked him where he was going with it—he aid to No. 29, Hart-street—I asked where he brought it from—he said from No. 5, Eagle-street, and he was moving from there to No. 39, Hart-street—I said, "I will accompany you to No. 29, Hart-street, to see if it is correct"—I went up—he rang the bell several times—a female put her head out of the second floor window, and said, "Ring the top bell, it is Jane you want"—he had rung the middle bell—finding nobody came to the door, I'took the prisoner on towards the station house, at the corner of Charlotte-street; and near the station house he suddenly started off, leaving me with the lamp—it was several days before I found him, which I did in Drury-lane—as he ran away, I saw him throw four picklock keys down an area—I got them up, and produce them.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. What kind of a night was thie? A. A very clear night—there was no difficulty in seeing him, nor anything belonging to him—I had not hold of him at the time he ran away—I had, the lamp to take care of—he made his escape into the rookery at St. Giles's—I did not consider him in custody—I thought he might be moving as he said—I did what I could to catch him—I know his uncle—I told his uncle I wanted him for a row or something of that kind—I had never seen him before that night—he dropped the keys at the corner, of Stratham-street, in Charlotte-street—that was after he ran—he had not run many minutes when he dropped them—I did not stop to pick them up—I got them in two minutes afterwards.





ISABELLA DOUGLAS
. I am servant to Mr. Stevenson. On the night

of the 7th of June, I shut the house up and left it safe—the parlous window was shut down—I went to bed at eleven o'clock—the lamp and other property was safe—I fastened the street door with two bolta and chain—I was the last person up in the house—the lamp was on the opposite side of the room from the window.

Cross-examined. Q. What is the name of your fellow-servant? A. Martha Madden—she is not here—when before the Magistrate I said that the front-parlour shutters were both sufficiently down to prevent a man getting in—Martha does not shut up any part of the house—it was all found open in the morning.





CHARLES STEVENSON
. I am a builder, and live in Devonshire-street On the morning of the 8th of January, I was disturbed about a quarts before four o'clock, and found the street-door open, one of the parlour windows lifted about half-way up, and the shutters open—the lamp and other property was gone—this is the lamp—(looking at it)—my house is in the parish of St. George the Martyr, Queen-square.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there any violence done? A. No; nobody but my family live in the house.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
. I am a policeman. On the morning of the 8th of June, I saw the prisoner in custody of Hobby, with the lamp—he spoke to a woman out of the two-pair of stairs—I am positive he is the man—I went into the road on purpose to take a good look at him.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you acquainted with him before? A. No, I was not.
(Goodyear, a hatter, at Hampstead, and George Dean, of York-terrace, Pimlico, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY of Stealing only. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years. (There was another indictment against the prisoner for burglary.)
