






481. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of January
, 6 hats, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Brown
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel John 
                           Smart
                        



.


                  SAMUEL 
                  JOHN SMART
               



            . I am servant
 to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Brown
               



             - on Thursday, the 9th of January, I was sent by my master with half-a-dozen hats to Mr. Myers, Hounsditch - and in Fenchurch-street I saw Clarke - he began talking to me, asked where I was going, and where I lived, and I told him - he then said he was going down Mark-lane, and turned into Mincing-lane - he came over in about five minutes, and said, "Have not you got farther?" - I said, "No" - he said, "I am going down a court opposite the East India House, and will walk with you" - then Smith came up and said, "Are not you going from Mr. Brown's to Mr. Myers'?"- I said, "Yes" - he said, "I have just come from Mr. Brown's, who said, if I made haste I should overtake you; you are to give me the hats, and to return home" - I said,"I have got to get the bill signed" - he said, "Mr. Brown said that was of no consequence" - I gave him the hats - he asked me to go down a court with him, which I did - and then he said the person was not at home - he was going away, and then said, "I am going down Cornhill, go on, and I will overtake you," and I saw no more of him - I went home and told master - Clarke had got out of me where I was going - and then Smith came up and seemed to know all about it - on the 15th I saw them together in Long-alley, and gave them into custody.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Is your master here? A. Yes - I had never seen Smith before - he was with me a very short time - when he said he had come from Mr. Brown's, I gave up the written direction - I am sure they are the two men - they each had got a brown coat on, and an umbrella - I am sure of Smith by the umbrella and coat, and by his face - I knew him again directly I saw him- I saw him again six days afterwards, and was quite sure of him - master had directed me to leave the hats at Mr. Myers's, and get the book signed - Clarke first came up to me in Fenchurch-street, about five minutes' walk from Cornhill.
RICHARD BROWN. I am a hatter
, and live in Pump-court, Union-street, Borough - I gave nobody any directions to overtake Smart and get the hats, nor were the hats to be delivered to anybody but Myers.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you other persons in your establishment who manage your business? A. No - nobody sells hats but myself.
Smith's Defence. I never saw the boy before I was taken into custody - I do not know Clarke at all.
Clarke's Defence. I never saw the boy before in my life - as to the charge, I am as innocent as a child unborn - I believe I have persons to prove I was at work at the time.

S. A. 
            SMART re-examined. I am sure they are the men - it was between three and four o'clock in the afternoon.
(
               
                  William 
                  Hooper
               



            , broker and undertaker, 1, Gloucester-buildings, Upper Whitecross-street, and Joseph Walley, plumber and glazier, 12, Hamilton-place, New-road, gave the prisoner Smith a good character; - and 
               
                  John 
                  Thomas
               



            , cord-wainer, 24, Willow-street, Finsbury, 
               
                  John 
                  Morris
               



            , Gibraltar-walk, Bethnal-green, and 
               
                  James 
                  Baldwin
               



            , gave the prisoner 
               Clarke
             a good character.)
SMITH - GUILTY. Aged 22.
CLARKE - GUILTY. Aged 18.




               Of Stealing only
            . - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
