





262. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     HOLLYER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, 3 yards of cotton, value 3s.; 1 tea-cup, value 6d.; 1 hat, value 6d.; 25 herrings, value 9d.; 1 blanket, value 10s.; 1 pair of boots, value 6s.; 1 cloak, value 4s., and 1 key, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Harris
                  




               
            .
ANN HARRIS. I am a widow
, and go out charing. I was at the Castle, in Chapel-street, Westminster


, on Saturday fortnight; I had a bundle, containing all the articles stated, except the cloak and boots, which I had on - I saw the prisoner there; I asked the landlord to take care of my bundle, which he refused - I do not think I went to sleep, but I dozed; I had had more than I am used to - the prisoner said I should go to her room till I recovered myself, and we went together; the waiter at the public-house carried the bundle - the prisoner's sister went with us, and the prisoner and she kept me while they took what I had, and then turned me out of the room - I did not see them take the articles, but I can swear they were in my bundle when I went into the public-house, and the waiter can swear that he took them to the room; I also missed my cloak and my boots off my feet - I did not miss them till I got home; I was drunk - some of the things were found in the prisoner's room.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WILKINS
               



            . I am waiter at the public-house. - The prosecutrix came there very tipsy, and asked for a quartern of gin; my master would not serve her - she sat down, and was going to sleep; my master told me to take her out- I set her against the shutters, and she fell down - the prisoner and her sister came and said I might take her to their house, and she should remain till she recovered; I took her to a lodging, but I do not know whose it was; she then lost her things, and came to my master's house- I took the other woman, whose name was Richardson.
JOSEPH WILKINS. I am a Policeman. About half-past seven o'clock on the Sunday morning, I was on duty, and the prosecutrix said she had been robbed - I asked her of what, and she told me; the prisoner was present, and said she knew nothing of the prosecutrix; she said she lived no where, and had no key, but I knew where she lived, and the waiter said that was the room he took them to - this is the cap, handkerchief, and part of the property which I found there; I took the other woman, but nothing was found on her- when we went to the watch-house, she gave her sister the key.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the woman before - the waiter took her home on his back.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
