




56. 



SARAH SQUARE, alias
 Bowling,

 was again indicted for

 stealing, on the 22nd of October, at Paddington, 6 spoons, value 1l. 10s.; part of a butter-knife, value 5s.; 1 shirt, value 3s.; and 1 pair of stocking, value 1s.; the goods of 



Francis Roe; and 





BRIDGET DOYLE
 was indicted for

 feloniously receiving the same well knowing them to be stolen, against the Statute, &c.






HARRIET HOE
. I am the wife of Francis Roe. I lodge in the house of Mrs. Braham, Cambridge-street, and occupy the first and second floors—I lost some spoons, part of a butter-knife, a shirt, and a pair of stocking about the 22nd of October—the spoons were silver—I lost a great many—the shirt was worth about 10s—they were my husband's property—I was unwell on Tuesday, the 27th of October—I had a trunk in my room, of which I keep the key—I observed the hasp of the trunk was resting on he ledge—It was not locked—I looked into it and the trunk this property and a good deal more—It did not appear broken open—It must have been opened by a key—I kept the key in a drawer in my bed-room—the prisoner square was housemaid to the landlady, and had access to the room every day, to make the bed, and clean the room—I only know a good deal of my property was found in possession of Square's father, who had been convicted.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe there was another servant? A. Yes, a cook—she had access to the room occasionally





ELIZABETH BRAHAM
. I keep the house in question. Square was my housemaid—I never saw Doyle till she was apprehended—Square was charged with taking the property—she said he knew it was gone, but she had not taken it.





BENJAMIN BRITTAIN
 (policeman D 73) I went to the house, No. 40, Cambridge-street, with Mr. Roe—I took the cook and Square into custody—she did not admit any thing, but charged another party as being the thief.





CHARLES WALTON
. I produce two dessert-spoons pawned by a person not in custody.





JAMES COPAS
 (police-constable D 128). I went with Mr. Roe to No.5, Edward-place, Seymour-pace, and found Doyle there—I asked her if she had pawned any plate—she said yes, she had pawned three silver tea-spoons a butter-knife, and salt-spoon—she said she received them from Mrs. Crisp, who resided in Red-lion-yard, Edgware-road, to pawn for her—I went there, but found nobody of the name of Crisp there—Doyle was afterwards searched at the station-house, by a female named Buck, but not in my presence, and she produced to me eleven duplicates and a purse—they relate to some of the property lost—I have them here.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ask if any body of the name of Crisp lived in Red-lion-yard? A. Yes, and they never knew any such

person, that never had lived there—I am sure she said Red-lion-yard, Padding, at Mr. Easton's





ANN BUCK
. I am the wife of Stephen, a policeman. I searched Doyle at the station-house—I found on her a purse containing eleven duplicates, which I delivered to Copas.





SAMUEL WATSON
. I am in the employ of Williams and Co., pawnbrokers, Crawford-street. I produce a salt-spoon, and a broken silver those found—she asked 3s. on the articles—master lent her 2s.9d.; and asked if they were her own n property—she said, "No, I bring them for Sarah Daley, who lives at No. 42, Red-lion-yard," and gave her own name Ann Doyle—she pawned on the same day two tea spoons for 5s., in the name of Sarah Christian by Bridget Daley—she said Christian was a housekeeper at No. 40, Red-lion-yard, Edgware-road—she had been in the habit of pawning at our shop—I have a shirt pawned on the 19th of October, for 3s., in the name of Ann Doyle, lodger, No. 11, Edward-place—the counterpart of the duplicate of the sheet is among those produced—I cannot say the prisoner is the person who pawned that.

Cross-examined. Q. When she pawned the spoons, she said she came from Daley? A. Yes, master wrote it down in my presence—I will swear she did not say Crisp—my attention was called to the circumstances on the Wednesday afterwards—we have at least one hundred customers every day at the house, but I took particular notice of this transaction—I never mistake the name a person gives—I will not swear I have not mistaken a name, but I did not in this instance.





JAMES WALLIS
. I am in the employ of Mr. Tomlins, a pawnbroker, in Upper George-street, Bryanston-square. I have two tea-spoons, pawned for Harriet Crisp—I am positive the prisoner was the person—she was asked question, and said her name was Julia Doyle—I did not take the articles in myself, but I was present, and they were shown to me—she told me she pawned them for Harriet Crisp—I was standing by at the time the young man wrote the duplicate out, and I saw it was correct—the young mans who took them, in brought them to me, and said the person had asked 4s. on them—It was two silver tea-spoons—I said, "Lend 4s"—I am certain the prisoner is the person.

Doyle You said before the Magistrate that it was not me. Witness said, as I do that she was the person—I have not the least doubt of her.

Cross-examined. Q. How many people come to your shop in a day? A. I do not know, there may be two hundred or more—I am not mistaken in the prisoner—I took particular notice of her at the time as I was taking in the pledge—I was standing by the shopman at the time—I cannot say whether any body else was present—people frequently come for other persons.





FRANCIS ROE
. In consequence of information which I received, I went with Copas to the lodging of Doyle, and asked her if she had pawned any tea-spoons—she she had, at a pawnbroker's Mr. Graygoose, for a Mrs. Crisp—I asked her where Crisp resided—she said I should find her at Mr. Easton's Red Lion-yard, Edgware-road—the policeman, at my request, did not take her into custody at that time—I went with him to Red Lion-yard, and saw Easton—I found there was no such person as

Mrs. Crisp—I sent the policeman to bring Mrs. Doyle into the presence of Mrs. Easton; but she asked me to call on Crisp at Mrs. Easton's and she lived in Chapel-street—I went there with the officer, and entered the house—I asked if they had such a lodger as Crisp—they had no such lodger—I called the prisoner Doyle in with the officer, and she said she must be mistaken—she said she was going to call on Crisp, and had met her in Chapel-street—I asked her where she would have gone after her, if she had not seen her—she said she did not know.

Cross-examined. Q. In all probability the shirt was safe on the 22nd of September? A. It is scareely possible, as it appears to have been pawned previously—Doyle did not not hesitate in saying Crisp gave her the things; for at the time, I believed it, and begged the policeman not to take her, thinking I should find Crisp at Rion Lion-yard—there is but one house in the yard.





HARRIET ROE
. All these articles are my husband's and are part of the articles lost from the box—the cook is living at the house, and has lived a great many years with Mrs. Braham.

Doyle There are plenty of witnesses to prove that Barry, my lodger, gave me the shirt to pawn; and as to the stockings, he sent them to me by a little girl—James Barry kicked up a row at my house—he told me to pawn his shirt, and take it out, for 9. and pawn a flannel-jacket for 1s. 6d.—1 had 5s. out—I two beds in the room.





HERRIET ROE

re-examined I am quite certain of the shirt, from the particular make of it—the mark has been cut out and a piece inserted where the mark was—It was not made in my own family, but I know it by the make, and size, and quality of the linen—the mark is cut out at the corner, and a fresh piece inserted of a different quality and texture—I cannot say when I had seen the shirt—I did not miss any whether it was dirty or clean—It was not in the box, but in a drawer—It might have been lost several days before—I lost a great many things.

MR. ROE. I have not a doubt of the shirt—my shirts are made in a very peculiar with collars that are buttoned on—I do not positively swear to it—I think most collars are made to tie, but but mine buttom all round.
(Thomas Potter, a baker, of Lisson-grove; Edward Blake, of Bell-street, Lisson-grove; Dennis Dougler, of Saffron-street, Saffron-hilll Edward Kelly, a publican, of Crawford-street; and Morris Cochrane, of Edwards's-place, gave Doyle a good character.

DOYLE—


GUILTY
. Aged 42—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

SQUARE—


NOT GUILTY
.
