





2185. 




SARAH SHAW,



 GEORGE MIDSON
, and 



ANN MIDSON
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
30th of August, 1 watch, value 2l. 10s.; 1 watch-chain, value 2s.; 3 seals, value 28s.; 1 ring, value 21s.; 2 purses, value 4d.; 25 sovereigns, and 10 half-sovereigns; the goods and monies of 



Ann Robinson, from her person.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution, ANN ROBINSON/. I live in Middleton-row, St. John-street-road, Clerken well—I have lately lost my husband. On the 30th of August I left home to go to my late husband's stocks broker—I took 30l. in gold, which I put in a brown silk purse into my left-hand pocket—I took a silver watch, three gold seals, a steel chain, a diamond pin, and a mourning ring—I put them into the same pocket—I was about to pledge them, and deposit the whole with the stock-broker—there were twenty—on e duplicates of my household furniture in another purse, in the same pocket—I called in my way on a female named Adams, in Old Nicholl-street—she was not at home, and I went off alone—I was going along Church-street, Shoreditch, about four o'clock, and met Shaw—I had seen her five or six times before, but had never spoken to her—she crossed over to me, and said she was very sorry for myloss—I supposed she meant the loss of my husband—she said she was going to Whitechapel with some boots to a shop, and said me to accompany her—I said I would if she was returning the same way again—I went with her—we went into a public-house and had a half quartern of gin, and there I showed her the watch, and the duplicates of my goods—I paid for the gin—I stopped in a public-house while she went to leave some boots—when she came out we walked off together—she said if I would come home she would make a cup of tea—knowing what proPerty I had, I said I should be too late to go where I was going—she said, "Oh no, won't; come home?"—I went home with her to Hoxton; and there we met Ann Midson—Shaw asked her where she had been—she

said she had been to her place, and she said, "You had better go to the public-house over the way"—we went there, and Shaw called for a quartern of gin—it remained there till Shaw fetched George Midson, and he said, "We are all brothers and sisters, you had better come home with us and have a cup of tea"—I left the public-house—we went to another pub lie-house and had a quartern of gin—I did not take any—we got to a house in a quarter of an hour—I was never there before—it was in Kings-worth-place, Pimlico-walk, Hoxton—we went into a parlour on the ground-floor—Shaw said they occupied the room at half-a-crown a week, furnished—I did not get any tea there—Shaw went out with a little brown jug to get a little more gin—they began to sing songs, and I said I would go home—Shaw brought about sixpenny worth of gin——they took a glass in a little back room to a man who was at workShaw brought it back, and said, "Mrs. Robinson, you take it"—I did take it, and then I can just remember Shaw taking my cap and bonnet of and I lost my senses—I fell from the chair—(the brown jug had bees out of the room about five minutes, and then Shaw brought it in, and persuaded me to take it)—this was between five and six o'clock, as far as I can say—I came to my recollection about two o'clock in the morning, and found myself lying on the floor, with a pillow under my head, the bottom part of my pocket cut off, and the property taken away—I had none left—the watch, pin, duplicates, and money, were all gone—I heard a man's voice telling me to get up, and get an officer—I went out and gave informtion—when I saw Shaw and George Midson that afternoon, they were dressed very poor indeed—Shaw said she had nothing but what she stood upright in—I saw her at Worship-street the next day—this watch and seals are my husband's, and the one I had—I found my bonnet on the table.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. It is not long since you were been before? A. I had that misfortune—I prosecuted a case here—I lost eleven sovereigns and a half, the latter end of July—I had 30l.—part of it was the same money as I lost before—I was living on my property that my husband left me—I live by Sadler's-wells—I do not know whether I have been indicted at Clerkenwell—I cannot tell—I was not indicted for keeping a house of ill-fame—nor under bail—I have never been indicted at all—I live at No. 4, Thomas-street, but do not keep a house in will-feme—I have not been at Clerkenwell about it—I occupied a house for myself and husband in Thomas-street, for a fortnight—I lived in John-street, Corn wall-road, before—I had taken this property out of the Bank, and was going to put it in again—I was indicted at the Surrey Sessions for an assault, by Mr. Roberts, who lives in the Cornwall-road—there is no other indictment against me—I had seen Shaw before, but never spoke to her—Ann Midson did nothing but drink that I know of.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Were you taken into custody before you knew there was a charge of assault against you? A. Yes—I applied to Mr. Crisp—I was invited to go to a house, and the people broke my necklace, tore my ear-rings, and then indicted me for an assault—I was induced go and take this gin, in different houses, by Shaw.

Shaw. Q. When you met me, you crossed over to me, and asked me to wait a few minutes, and you would give me a drop of gin, and them we went into a house in Brick-lane, and did we not meet another female, and go and have a quartern of gin? A. No.


Q. Did not you take yours in cold water, and did you not tell me that you slept with her sister, and say you were out of the way, as a Judge's warrant was out against you? A. No.

Q. Did you not wait at a public-house at the corner of Great Garden-street? A. Yes, I waited there—you pulled my bonnet and cap off—I did not ask you to let me stay the whole evening—it is all false.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did any of the prisoners drink out of the same glass as you did, before you fell? A. No.





ISAAC NEWTON
. I live at No. 2, Kingsworth-place, Pimlico-walk, Hoxton. I lived at No. 4 when this happened—Shaw and the man Midson lived on the ground floor of the same house—about half-past six o'clock, on Thursday evening, the 30th of August, I went up stairs—I had to pass the prisoner's room—the door was open, and I saw the three prisoners and the prosecutrix—the prisoner Shaw was drinking out of a quart-pot—I went up stairs and had my tea—about twenty minutes after, I came down, and went out of the street-door—the prisoner's door was open, and the street-door too—I went to No. 2, to a friend, and sat outside with him, looking—I remained with him till nine o'clock; but I went through my passage several times—I heard singing in the prisoner's room—about half-past eight o'clock I saw the three prisoners standing outside the door, talking together very slowly—I cannot say how Shaw was dressed—she had do bonnet or shawl on—George Midson had neither bat or coat on—they stood about ten minutes, and then went inside the door, and were no sooner in than they were all three out again, and walked up Pimlico-walk, leading to Hoxton—I passed by the room door again, and saw a widow's bonnet on the table—I went to bed, and was awoke about two o'clock in the morning by a noise—I then heard the prosecutrix—It told her to fetch an officer—I did not see her, as my door was shut—she made a communication to me that she had been robbed—I work at Chiswell-street, about half a mile, or three quarters from this place—I went there next day, and saw a cab with Shaw and the man Midson in it—I followed it as far as Finsbury-square—it stopped there—they got out, and Shaw asked me if I was going to halloo and George Midson asked me if I was going to come it—I said I did not know what they meant, and he said was I going to split on that affair last night?—I said, I was on my own business, at Mr. Thwaites, the harness maker's, in Bishopsgate-street—they asked me to take something, and I refused three times—I subsequently went to a public-house, with a view of detaining them—I had some ginger-beer, and they had brandy; while there, George Midson asked if I knew how the window got on—I said I did not exactly know, but that she came and knocked at my door, about two o'clock—I said I understood that she had been robbed of a diamond ring and watch—he pulled out a mourning ring and said "This is the ring"—he then put his hand into his right-hand pocket, and pulled out three seals attached to a chain, and asked me whether they were good—he then pulled out the watch, attached to the end of the chain—Shaw then said it was an old-fashioned watch, not much good—I said there were thirty sovereigns—he said, "That was no more than you could spend in a day"—I told him a man in the back-room had been taken upon suspicion, and he said he must send him something to keep him the week he was remanded—he said it would not do for him to take him any thing or he should be taken, and while we were at the door they asked me whether the widow had a ring and pin about her—I said I did

not know—Shaw said she thought she had done a friendly action to leave her them—while I was talking there, the officer came by, and while he was passing, George Midson said he should send the man something as he should be at Birmingham in three days—they then crossed the road, took the first cab, and told the man to drive to the Commercial Dock—I told the policeman to stop them—I do not know Ann Midson—she lives in White cross-street, and is the sister of George Midson.





JAMES GODFREY
 (police-sergeant N 13.) On the morning of Friday the 31st of August, I was on duty in Hoxton, near Kingsworth-place. About two o'clock the prosecutrix came and made a complaint—I went to No. 4 Kingsworth-place, and found her cap and two pillows on the ground a pewter quart pot, with some beer, a yellow mug, with a small portion of gin, and a knife under the carpet—she had before shown me this pocket with the bottom out—I took Ann Midson in Shrewsbury-court, White. cross-street—she was searched at the station, and seven pence, a copper piece, and a piece of lace, were found on her—but not the produce of this robbery—I said, "Do you know Shaw?"—she said, "Yes"—I said, "You were at her house, and saw a widow there?"—she said, "Yes"—I said she had been robbed—she said, "It must have been while I was out of the room getting Shaw's shawl—I had none of the money."





THOMAS RICHARDS
 (City police' Constable No. 101.) I was on duty in Bishopsgate-street, about two o'clock in the day, on the 31st of August—New ton made a communication to me, and I took Shaw and George Midson in a cab—they were just going to drive off—I took them to the watch-house, and saw this watch at the bottom of the cab—the seals were attached to it—I asked if they knew any thing about that—they said they did not.





FREDERICK HARRIS
 (City police-constable No. 3.) I found a half-sovereign, 13s. 6d., and Sid. in copper, in the left-hand pocket of George Midson—I searched him again and found eleven sovereigns and three half-sovereign in his right-hand breeches pocket—he said that he had earned them at his work—they were wrapped up in a child's cap—he had a good coat and trowsers on—their dresses were all new.
(Property produced and sworn to,)

Shaw's Defence. I met the prosecutrix—I was going to take my work home—she crossed and asked me where I was going—she said if I would stop a few minutes, she was going to a pawnbroker's, and she would give me a drop of something to drink—I waited, and she came in ten minutes—we went to a public-house and drank—we went further and met a female, and had another quartern of gin—she said she had been sleeping the night before with her sister—she walked on to opposite Whitechapel-church, and had some more gin—she then went to a public-house at the corner of Great Garden-street, and waited while I went with my work—she was talking to two gentlemen, and went on to Petticoat-lane with me, and had some more gin—she said she would take a walk with me—we met the prisoner Ann Midson—we then went and had a quartern of gin—I fetched George Midson, and paid for it—she then said she would stand her treat, and we went to the London Apprentice—she then went to my place and stopped there and had six pennyworth of gin first—she sent for six pennyworth of gin and a pot of half-and-half—I was sitting there—a woman sent for me to a labours, and she said, could not she stop there—I said, "I did not know what to say about it"—I went out, and was out the whole of the

evening—the next day I was going home, I met this man, and we were taken.

George Midson. The two women are innocent—I am guilty.

SHAW—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.

GEORGE MIDSON—

GUILTY. Aged 27.)




Transported for Ten Years.

ANN MIDSON—


NOT GUILTY
.
