






721. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     TYER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  ELSTOLE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of February
, 1 coat, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Harden
                  




               
            .
GEORGE HARDEN. I am a butcher
, and live in Drury lane. On the 25th of February I had my gig in Cottage grove, Mile-end-road


, about four o'clock in the afternoon - I went into my sister's house for about a quarter of an hour, and left my great coal on my horse; while I was there my coat was taken off the horse; I went into the Mile-end-road, and saw a Policeman running after Elstole
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.For what you know Elstole might be running after the thief? A. Yes.
THOMAS HOLMES (Police-constable K 221). I was on duty about four o'clock, and saw the two prisoners run by me - Tyer had this coat under his arm; I watched them for about one hundred yards - they then turned the corner I kept on Mile-end-road, and saw them again running up the Bow-road and another person with them - the other two persons then got over a fence, and Tyer gave the coa over the fence to one of them; I got over, and pursued them across two fields - they dropped the coat, and as I was fatigued, I took up the coat and returned to the watch-house, as I knew that my brother officer had taken Tyer.
Cross-examined. Q.Had you lost sight of them? A. Yes, certainly; Elstole was taken about six o'clock, I think - he had run as far as Limehouse.
JAMES STILL (Police-constable K 35). On the 25th of February, between four and five o'clock, I was at my own door, two carpenters came and told me three men had run up the road with a coat under their arm - I ran and saw Tyer with the coat on his arm; I cannot say whether Elstole was one of the other persons, but Tyer gave the coat over to one of the two who got over the fence - I took Tyer, and asked him who the other parties were; he said he did not know - he was walking along with this crowbar up his arm, and his hands in his pockets; I found on him this candle and a knife - the coat was brought in about a quarter of an hour; Elstole was brought in between five and six o'clock.
THOMAS MATTHEWS (Police-constable K 198). I was on duty, and saw the three men running - I followed them; two of them got over the fence - I followed them as far as Bow-common-lane; Elstole and the other then placed themselves against a wall and showed fight - the other man then took up a brick, and threw it at me, as he said to knock my b - y brains out; they then ran off again - I followed them to the wooden bridge; I then saw a gentleman in a chaise, and I called to him to stop them -he turned Elstole back, and I took him; the other got away.
TYER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ELSTOLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Confined Two Years
            .
