





OLD COURT. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin, 1883. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WATSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of July
, at St. James, Westminster, 36 yards of carpet, value 7l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           McDonald
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
VINCENT ALLISON. I am in the employ of Alexander McDonald, who deals in carpets
, and lives in the Quadrant, in the parish of St. James, Westminster


. On the 16th of July, between two and three o'clock, I saw the prisoner come into the shop, and take a piece of carpet from the window - I was about the middle of the shop; he ran out, got about twenty yards, and was turning through a court, when I secured him - I had never seen him before.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. You do not know whether your master had sold him the carpet? A. He had not; it had been purchased by a Mr. Nutt, in Hertfordshire, but was not to be sent home till he wrote for it; when the prisoner was taken he said a gentleman senthim for it, but he did not say who he was nor where he lived - it was not paid for, and was not to be sent home till next March, or till we heard from him; I asked who sent him for it - he said a gentleman told him to go in and take it; there were several other pieces of carpeting with it - it is worth 7l.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in Regent-street - a gentleman asked if I wanted a job, and asked me to carry the carpeting to No. 17, Vine-street; he took me to the step of the door, and pointed it out - I was following him.
Four witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
