





OLD COURT. MONDAY, JANUARY 7TH.
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
347. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HUNTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Duncan
                        



                     
                  , on the 22nd of December
, and stealing therein, 2 shirts, value 8s.; 1 seal, value 1s; 1 key, value 6d.; 2 collars, value 1s. 6d.; and 2 pairs of stockings, value 1s. 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 5s., 1 book, value 1s. 6d., 1 knife, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Tooth
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 coat, value 8s., the goods of Charles Duncan
            .
EDWARD TOOTH. I am clerk
 to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Duncan
               



            . I live in the lower part of his house, in Little Hermitage-street


. I left the place about half-past eight o'clock in the evening of the 22nd of December, and returned about half-past nine o'clock - I believe I left the counting-house door locked; I found the staple of the lock broken, it was the staple of the front door; I believe I had locked it - it is a common door lock - I had shut the door after me, in the usual way; it was a latch lock - I am not certain whether I locked the counting-house door; I had the key in my pocket; I had left nobody in the house - Mr. Duncan does not live there; he never sleeps there; I live there myself; Duncan has no servant there - when I came home, I found the door fastened inside, and called the Policeman; two Policemen entered and found the prisoner behind the door, with a crow-bar in his hand - he was quite a stranger; I found part of the property in question packed up in a bag.


                  JAMES 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I am Policeman. I was called in by Tooth, about half-past nine o'clock, and found the staple of the door forced; there was marks of a crow-bar on the door - I found the prisoner behind the door, and a bag close behind him; he had an iron crow-bar in his hand, which corresponded exactly with the marks on the door; some of the property was in his pocket.
EDWARD TOOTH re-examined. All this property is mine, all except this coat, which belongs to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Duncan
               



             - the bag is not mine - I had left the things in the room.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SAVAGE
               



            . I am a Policeman. I accompanied my brother officer to the house; his evidence is correct.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the things in the bag - I never saw them.




               GUILTY (of stealing only.)
             Aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
