




1653. 




CHARLES NEALE
 and 




JOHN GOOD
 were indicted for

 feloniously assaulting 



Emma Ann Randall, on the 
1st of July, at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, putting her in fear, and taking from there person
and against her will, 1 shilling, 1 sixpence, and three-pence; the monies of 



William Randall.







EMMA ANN RANDALL
. I live with my father, in Goldsmith's-row; he is a bedstead maker. On Wednesday, the 1st of July last, my father sent me into Hackney-road, on an errand to auy some tea—he gave me a half-crown—I went to a grocer's in Hackney-road and bought it, and had 1s. 6d. in my hand as I came back, about five o'clock—I was in Goldsmith's-row, walking along, and the money was taken out of my hand by Good—Neale stepped on my toe, and held me round the waist, while Good forced my hand open, and took it from me—they then ran away—I never saw them before—they were taken into custody about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour afterwards—I am sure they are the same persons.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Where is the tea-shop? A. A few doors round the corner—I know James-street; it is near where I went for the tea—a person named Deane is the master of one of the prisoners—I recollect his showing me a boy, and he asked me if it was the boy who took the money, and I said "Yes"—I never said I did not think he was the boy—I said they were the boys—I was frightened when they took the money—I am certain they are the boys who did it—one was on one side of the street, and the other on the other—they were both behind me, but I saw them when I was a little way own—I did not turn round; but when I was going down, I was them both together, and Neale came up first—he frightened me—he is bigger then me—he trod on my toe and held me round the waist—he came in front of me—I hallooed out—I cried—the other came up directly, and took the money—It was the charge from the tea.





WILLIAM RANDALL
. I am a bedstead and cabinet maker, and was at work at the next house—my wife called me, and said, my child had been robbed—I ran out, and opposite Goldsmith's-row I received information from a young woman, and took the prisoners, in company together.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you see them? A. In Birdcage-walk, facing Mr. Dean's door—he is the master of one of the boys—Neale was a little distance off—the girl who gave information pointed him out, and said he was one of them, and my daughter also—I took the prisoner not more than ten minutes after my daughter told me of this—I could not find a policeman—I took them myself, and afterwards gave them to a policeman—another girl wasexamined before the Magistrate, but she cannot be found.





JOHN HOLLAND
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoners.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you examine them? A. Yes; they denied the charge—I did not find the money—I understand they had been home.

Neale's Defence. I was going along Church-street, with the other prisoner—we came different ways home—when I came to the top of James-street, Dean called me down, and asked where I had been—I said to Church-street, to buy some laths—the little girl came up, and he asked her who took her money—she said she did not know who it was; but presently her father came up, and she called out "Father, there are the two boys who took my money."

Good's Defence. I went with him after the laths, and left him, and came another way home—I took in the laths, and in about ten minutes I came out again—two girls were at the door—my mistress said to the girl, "Is this the boy"—she said, "No, it was two bigger ones than him. "





EMMA CARVER
. I saw this little girl in the street, and a tall sweep,

considerably taller than the prisoner—I did not see him go up to her; but I saw the sweep, and another boy in a black hat—he ran away down Margaret-place—I heard the child cry—I went up, and asked what was the matter—she said a sweep had taken some money from her—I went directly to the sweep's house, and knocked at the door—Mr. Dean came to the door—I asked if his boys were at home—he said one was playing in the fields—he called him in—that was the prisoner Good, and he is quite innocent of it—he is not the boy who did it—the boy who did it was in sweep's clothes, and so was Good—the sweep that ran away had boots on, and the lace was tied round his naked leg—and the prisoner had slippers on—Neale was not there; for the boy who was with the sweep had a black hat on and brown clothes, and Neale had fustian clothes on.

COURT. Q. Do you live with your parents? A. Yes; they are pocket-book makers—I did not see any body rob the girl—but I saw the sweep, and the other boy run away form her, and heard her cry—I went up and asked her what was the matter—I did not go before the Magistrate—I told my father of it and Mr. Dean—I have never endeavoured to find who the sweep was—I did not see his features—the prisoner, Good, is a sweep—I have known him by his coming to my mistress to sweep her chimney—she is now dead.

Q. How came you to know these boys were taken up? A. Because I went myself to Dean's house—the little girl and her father came in, and saw the sweep—I should not know the sweep again who did it, unless I saw him in the same dress—I told my father of it direcetly.
(George Worrall, bricklayer, Barnet-street, Hackney-road; James Dean, master sweep; William Pickering, carpenter, Barnet-street, Bethnal-green; William Ramsey, King-street, Bethnal-greet; and John Bailey, plumber, Gibraltar-walk, deposed to the prisoner Neale's good character: and Thomas Harris, Baker's-rents, Hackney-road; John Lampey, sweep, New-court, Hackney-road; Francis Aldridge, labourer, Camden-town; and Samuel Asbby, sweep, Old-court, Hackney-road, to that of Good.

NEALE—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.

GOOD—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.
Of Stealing from the person only—



Transported for Seven Years.
