



428. 




ERNEST DE MIRCOURT, alias
, Levy

, was indicted

for stealing, on the 
21st of December, at 
St. James, Westminister, 1 watch, value 10l.; the goods of 



John Howell and others in their dwelling-house.


MR. ADOLPHUS
conducted the Prosecution

---- OWEN. I am in the employ of John Howell and James of Regent-street—there are three other partners—it is in the parish of St. James—they have three houses next door to each other, which communicate below, but are separate above—one house is devoted to drapery and silk mercery business, the next house perfumery and china, and the other to jewellery—the jewellery business is carried on at No. 5—Mr. Charles Lee lives in that house—it is his separate dwelling-house—the shop is for the use of the firm—it communicates with the dwelling-house, and forms part of it—I was employed in that shop on Monday, the 21st of

December, when the prisoner came in and requested me to show him some diamond rings—it was about three o'clock in the afternoon—they were shown to him—he said none of them were exactly the kind he wished; that he would call again in the course of land hour, and bring a ring of his own to have one like it—he afterwards wished to see some gold watches—he did not select any but said he would call again in an hour—he then left the shop—he might be there ten minutes or a quarter of and hour—I had shown him rings and watches in a tray containing a great many of each—I afterwards received information, and went to Young and Luxmore, pawnbroker, in St. Martin's-lane, at a little after seven o'clock that evening, and saw a watch which I knew to belong to Howell and Co.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Can you tell how many watches were on the tray you showed him? A. I cannot—I cannot tell of my own knowledge whether anything was missing—I never saw the prisoner before—he had his hat on, and spoke in french and broken English—there are a great many foreigners about our part of the town—I recognized the watch as one of ours—we had only to of that description, and we had one of them left—we had some of the same description a year or two ago—we had sold three or four, or half a dozen perhaps.

MR. ADOLPHUS
Q. Have you any doubt the prisoner is the mans who came to your shop? A. not the slightest, I am positive—he did not buy any watch—our watches have numbers inside—we never have two of the same number—the number of the one I saw at the pawnbroker's was one which and been in my hands that day—it was No. 2510, an English watch, with my employer's name engraved on the plate—their name was on those I sold before, but numbers always vary.

COURT
Q. Have you the number in any book in the shop? A. Yes; we have a book in which we enter the numbers of the watches—I found the number corresponding to this in the book—I know the prisoner, he being with me for ten minutes, and I saw him with his hat on when taken into custody—I know his features and dress—I saw him the following day—it was perfectly light when I saw him.





WILLIAM WILLIAMS
. I am in the employ of young and Luxmore, pawnbroker's St. Martin's-lane. The prisoner came to our shop on the 21st of December, at near six o'clock in the evening and brought a gold watch to pledge—he spoke in French, and asked 10l. on it—I lent him 8l.—I consider it worth that—I heard afterwards that the prosecutors had been robbed, and sent to them that evening—the last witness came to me and saw the watch—the prisoner was apprehended next day.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before? A. I had before that day—his manners were gentlemanly—our shop window has nothing but plate in it—there was another customer in the shop.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You knew him before; have you a doubt of his being the man? A. Not any doubt—I saw him about a fortnight before in our shop—it was candle-light when he came to pawn the watch—our shop has boxes but he did not come into a box—he came into the open shop—I connot be mistaken in him—his hat was on.

MR. OWEN
re-examined. this is the watch which was taken form the prosecutors that day.

Cross-examined. Q. You have not brought your book here? A. No—the firm consists of four persons—Charles Lee is one of the firm—he lives in No. 5, which is the jewellery shop—the three shops communicate—the

other partners do not live in that house—when a watch is sold it is always customary to enter the number and description as sold.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Do you know whether the three houses together are paid for out of the general fund? A. yes—one partner sleeps in each house, and some of the servants of the firm slept in them all—none of them slept in No. 5.

Prisoners's Defence. I have been misled by some man, who told me to go and do this.




GUILTY Aged 21—Recommended to mercy being a foreigner.




Transported for Life.
There were other indictments against the prisoner.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
