



2020. 




CHRISTOPHER COATES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of August, 2 pairs of drawers, value 2s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 3s. 6d.; 1 bag, value 3d.; 1 handkerchief, value 3d.; 1 hammock, value 2s.; 2 blankets, value 5s.; 1 rug, value 1s.; and 3 jackets, value 4s.; the goods of 



Robert Forbes.






ROEERT FORBES
. I am a seaman. My ship was lying at Bell Wharf, at Yardsley—I had a bag and hammock at the Plough public-house, Kidneystairs—I have known the prisoner twelve years—he heard me say my things were there—I afterwards went there and found they were gone from there—I received, information from a waterman-went to Phillips's at Shad well, and found my things there.





WILLIAM SEALEY
. I keep the Plough public-house, at Kidney-stairs. The prisoner came to me and asked if there was a hammock and bag left at my house—I said there was—he wished to see it, and said it belonged to him—he asked what there was to pay for it—I said sixpence—he said he had no money, and must go and borrow it—in about two hours he brought a waterman with him, paid the sixpence, and I gave him the bundle—it contained the articles belonging to the prosecutor.

Prisoner. My ship had gone away and left me, and taken away my clothes—I did not know where they were left—I asked the gentleman if a hammock and bag were left there—he said, "Yes, and sixpence to pay"—I went to Mr. Phillips to borrow sixpence, and he sent a man with me to fetch them—I thought they were my own which had been left there—the prosecutor came after me in about an hour or two, and said I had taken his—I had not left my things there, but I inquired at different houses for them.





NATHAN PHILLIPS
. I keep a shop in High-street, Shadwell. The prisoner came and asked me to cash a seaman's note for him—I said I had no objection, and asked him where his clothes were—he said he had a hammock and bag at Kidney-stairs, Ratcliffe-cross, and there was sixpence to pay on it—he asked me to go with him—I sent a waterman with him to fetch them and gave him sixpence—I went out, and when I came home they were brought to my house—my wife gave him a shilling-in the evening he came and asked me to give him another shilling, which I did—he then said, "I want a clean shirt out of it," which I gave him, and in half an hour the prosecutor came and claimed them-a seaman's note is given by a captain on the faith that a man will come on board and serve the voyage—we generally ask if they Lave clothes on board, because sometimes they leave the ship, and then the note is not paid.






JAMES CRAWFORD
. I am a policeman. The prosecutor gave the prisoner into my charge—I found this handkerchief upon him, which the prosecutor claimed.





GEORGE WILLIAM GRAVE
. I am a policeman. I found a shirt on the prisoner over another which he had on.





ROBERT FORBES

re-examined. This shirt is mine—the prisoner heart me say where my hammock and bag were—I know nothing of his being engaged to go by a ship at that time—I never saw him with a hammed and bag.

Prisoner, Q. Don't you know I was telling you that night that my ship had gone out of the canal? A. You said your ship had left you behind-you did not say you had another ship-you said you were engaged with a ship-you did not tell me your ship had gone out of the canal, and you did not expect she would have gone so soon—I have known you about twelve or thirteen years—I know nothing good of you-you bore a bad character-twelve or thirteen years ago you took a shipmate's sea stock and sold it.




GUILTY
. Aged 46.—


Transported for Seven Years.
