





502. 
               
                  
                     LEVY 
                     JACOB
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of January
, 2 reams of paper, value 2l. 2s.; 1 gross of Vandyke borders, value 2l.; 14 bundles of violin strings, value 2l. 13s.; 24 rings of violin strings, value 5s. 6d., and 4 dozen of pencils, value 2s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Shepherd
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Frederick Wilson 
                     Sutton
                  



               
            .
FREDERICK WILSON SUTTON. I am in partnership with Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Shepherd
               



            , of Foster-lane, Cheapside - we are stationer

s. On the 8th of January I saw the articles stated in the indictment, packed in a box to go to Scotland, by a vessel from St. Katharine-dock


 - our porter was entrusted to take it there in a truck, and another porter was to go behind; they returned about half-past six o'clock, and gae us some information - I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TREVISS
               



            . I was employed to take the box to the docks in a truck - when we passed the front gate of the dock it was all secure; we then were both in front, as we were going down hill, and it was very slippery - I saw some man coming down by the side of the dock; I turned round, missed one of the boxes, and very soon after I saw the Policeman with the prisoner, and a gentleman with the box.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me? A. Yes, you are the person I saw come by the side of the wall - I did not see you take any thing.
JURY. Q. Were they fastened in the truck? A. Yes, with a cord, which was cut - this box was at the back.


                  JOHN 
                  BORRODELL
               



            . I am an officer. I was on duty at the docks - I saw the two men with the truck; the prisoner went behind the truck, and took the box off - I followed him, took him by the collar, and said, "What have you got here?" he was setting the box down - he said,"Let me go, and I will catch the boy;" I said, "That is not the question I asked you;" he wrenched from me, and ran off - I pursued and took him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. That gentleman is saying false - Icould not lift the box; I had but just come out of the hospital, where I had undergone an operation.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 67. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
