



477. 




EDGAR CARLTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of January, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 



George Wintle Roberts, from his person.






GEORGE WINTLE ROBERTS
. I am a merchant, and live at Park-terrace, Islington. On the evening of the 26th of January, about ten minutes past nine o'clock, I was in the City-road—a caravan standing there drew my attention—I stopped for a moment—I felt a rustling behind me—I suspected I had lost something—I turned round immediately, and observed the prisoner thrusting my handkerchief into his breast—I collared him and charged him with the robbery, and endeavoured to drag him from the people—I got him some distance, and intended to give him in charge—he said he had not stolen it, but that boy had, pointing to another person, who I should not think could have taken it, my handkerchief having been on the other side—I had taken my handkerchief at the same time I collared him—I dragged him about ten yards—he made great resistance, and endeavoured to throw me—he forced himself back into the crowd—the caravan had then gone some little distance—when he found he could not throw me, he stooped down, thrust his head between my legs, and threw me down with great violence—my head was very much injured, and cut in two places—I was stunned, but as soon as I recovered, I seized him again, and I suppose when he tossed me, I had struck him with my knee, as he was then rising—I made a grasp at him, and dragged him some distance—he made strong resistance, and several of the mob came up, and felt me round my pockets, three of them got hold of me, and struck me—I called to the policeman, and the persons about me called out, "Go it, go it," as if it were a fight—

I called till the officer came and took him—I delivered the handkerchief to the officer—the treatment I received was so severe, that I have been under medical hands; and on Saturday last I was bled—they struck me on the sides, and down the arm, in endeavouring to rescue the prisoner—this is my handkerchief.

Prisoner. I told the gentleman to take that lad, and three or four people saw him throw the handkerchief down—I pointed him out to the gentleman, and he saw him run. Witness. I turned so suddenly, that I do not think any one could have taken it but the prisoner—I believe the persons who came up were his own gang.





JEREMIAH CALLAHAN
 (police-constable G 108.) On the night of the 26th, I saw the prosecutor with the prisoner in the midst of the crowd—he gave him to me for stealing a handkerchief—I did not see the mob use any violence to the prosecutor—I had some difficulty in getting in, which I considered was that the prisoner might make his escape.

Prisoner. The handkerchief was muddy where it was thrown down by the boy, who was not five yards behind him—there was a gentleman came up, who saw him throw it down—I asked him to go to the station-house, but he said his time was valuable, and he could not.





GEORGE WINTLE ROBERTS
. The handkerchief got dirty when I was thrown down—I did not see that it was dirty before—I lost a new hat at the same time, and a very old one was left me.
(The prisoner put in a petition, representing himself to be in destitute circumstances, but not alluding to the charge.)




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
