



1380. 




JAMES PRICE
 was again indicted

for stealing, on the 
12th of April, at 
St. Luke, 1 mare, price 7l., the property of 



John Soanes and another.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.





STEBBON PORTER
. I was in the service of John Soanes and son, ropemakers, Bow-common, Stepney. I saw the mare safe on the 6th of April in the field adjoining master's ground, about two miles from town—I did not see it again till I saw it at the Greyhound, in Smithfield—a policeman went there with me—I saw it over the way in Pickford's presence—it is the same as I saw at the Greyhound, and the one master lost—I have known it about three years—I think it worth 7l., but am not much of a judge—it has not worked this winter—it used to run in a chaise—it was missed on the 11th—it was a black mare.





JAMES PICKFORD
. I am a horse slaughterer—I carry on business in Cock-court, Sharp's-alley, and live in Whitecross-street. On Wednesday, the 12th of April, about dark, I saw the prisoner in Milton-street, where Sweetman, my partner, lives—a horse was standing at the door, and the

prisoner close by it—he offered it for tale for 30s.—I gave him 1l. 5s. for it, and 1s. to the boy for showing him my partner's house, and 6d. to drink—the prisoner said he bought it of a man at Enfield—I cannot reach, lect when be said he bought it—I sent it to the slaughter-house from there, but on examining it I thought it too good to slaughter, and I immediately sent it to the Greyhound, in Smithfield—I then went to the station house, and laid information—the horse is now over the way—the prosecutor went with me to the Greyhound, and saw and claimed it.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not give you my address? A. Yes—I wrote it down, as I always do—it was not exactly a correct address, but I (mil him close by there—he gave me Goldsmith's-place, and he lives in the square.





THOMAS JOHN ROBINSON
. I am a policeman. I had information on Wednesday night, the 12th of April, from Pickford, and apprehended the prisoner in Goldsmith-square, Hackney-road—I told him I took him on suspicion of horse-stealing—he said very well, and that he bought the horse of a man named Hemmings, at a beer-shop door, in Enfield-town—I went to Enfield, and made inquiry at every beer-shop and public-house I could find, but could find no tidings of such a man or transactions—I do not exactly recollect when he said he bought it—he gave a description of the man—that he wore a smock frock, and coat and hat—I could hear nothing of any such man having been seen.





GRORGE TEAKLE
. I am a policeman. I received information about the horse—Porter went with me to the stable, and claimed it.

Prisoner's Defence. On the Monday I was down at Enfield, and saw the mare standing at a beer-shop door, and a lad with it—I asked him if it was for sale, and a middle-aged man, with a smock-frock and straw hat, came out—I asked him the price—he asked 2l. for it—I told him it would not fetch that in town, nor half—however I bought it of him for a guinea—I brought it home, and sold it on Wednesday to Pickford—I did not suspect any thing wrong—I often buy horses in the open street without suspicion—she looked to me very much strained indeed behind—her fetlock touched the ground.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin

