






1080. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TAYLOR
                  



               
             & 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COLLINS
                  




were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of May
, 1 hat, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Jones
                  




               
            .
EDWARD JONES. I was in the Start coffee-house, Bow-street, Covent-garden


, on the 15th of May - I went there at five o'clock in the morning, and fell asleep; I had been up all night seeing a friend off - I was awoke by two Police-officers, and had lost my hat; I had put it on the table in the coffee-house.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FOOT
               



            . I went into the coffee-house to get some coffee; I saw the witness there, asleep on some chairs and a new hat on a table before him - I was in another box; I heard some persons come into the room, and say,"There is no one here;" I looked up, and saw the two prisoners, and three other young men - they walked forward; Taylor gave a signal, as if for them to be quiet -Collins went and took the prosecutor's hat, and put it on his own head; I followed, and chased them up and down several places, till I saw two Police-men, who took them; Collins had the hat on his head - we then went and awoke the prosecutor.
Collins. He swears he never lost sight of me, and there was a crape round the hat when it was taken - it is impossible I could have taken it off. Witness. I saw him in Phoenix-court with the hat in his hand.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POTTER
               



            . I took Collins with this hat on his head - here is a mark where the crape has been; here is the old hat - when I took him to the station-house he said a man gave it him in the coffee-room, and after that he said he had bought it for 3s. in the Start coffee-house.
Collin's Defence. I bought it for 3s. and my old silk hat, but it was not that old hat.
COLLINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
TAYLOR - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
