





799. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     BRITTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of February
, 1 cask, value 1s., and 172 lbs. of white lead, value 1l. 19s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Clay
                  




               
             and others.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRIGHTIER
               



            . I am a carman to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Clay
               



             and others, oilman
. On the 21st of February, about ten minutes or a quarter-past seven o'clock, I was going to the George Inn, Smithfield, and to the Elephant - I had several articles in the cart, and among the rest four casks of white lead just as I got to the coach-stand in Smithfield


, I looked under the cart, and saw a man's legs; I went behind he bad got a cask out of the cart, and was going towards the pens; I was going after him - he threw down the cask, ran through the gates, and knocked me down backwards with the gate; I did not cry Stop thief, as I did not see any one to stop him - I went home, and told my masters; they employed two of the City officers to look after him, but he was not taken for three weeks or a month - I know the prisoner is the man; I had seen him often before, but had no acquaintance with him.


                  JAMES 
                  TERRY
               



            . I am a parish-constable. I heard of this business, and took the prisoner on the evening of the 11th of March, about half-past nine o'clock, in Cow cross- the moment I took hold of him, and told him of the business, he knocked me down, and another officer came to my assistance.


                  RICHARD 
                  MILLIN
               



            . I had information of this; on the evening the prisoner was taken I saw him knock Terry down; I went up to him; he said he would go quietly if he knew what he was taken for; I said it was for stealing a cask of white lead, and he must go to the station - he said if that was the case he must go to the Compter, not to the station, as that was a City job.(Prisoner's Defence, written.) On the 21st day of February last I was in Smithfield, when, from a cart which was passing. I saw a cask fall; I immediately took the cask up, and was about to heave it into the cart again, when the driver of the cart came to me, struck me a violent blow on the back with the butt end of his whip, and at the same time accused me with having stolen the cask; I, being fearful of the consequences of such a charge, certainly did, in my confusion, drop the cask, and make off as fast as I possibly could. About eighteen or twenty days after this, being present at a street quarrel, a constable who was there took me into custody, and the driver of the cart came forward to Hatton-garden Police-office, and preferred this charge against me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
