





Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.
124. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of October
, 1 watch, value 6l., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Platts
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Andrew 
                        Rogers
                     



.


                  JOHN 
                  PLATTS
               



            . I lodge at 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Rogers
               



            ', in Cirencester-place, Fitzroy-square


. On the 18th of October I went out to work, about six o'clock in the morning, leaving my watch hanging on the moulding of the window; it cost me 6l. 10s. seven years ago - I returned at six in the evening, and missed it; I had left my wife in the room -I found it at Queen-square office on the 3rd of November; I know the prisoner - the last time I saw him was about five years ago; he was apprenticed to a stationer
 - I found him in my room the evening before the robbery; my wife was at home - the watch was hanging up then, and so it was in the morning, when I went out; the watchmaker's name is 
               
                  James 
                  Halliwell
               



            , of Wakefield.


                  CATHERINE 
                  PLATT
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. On the 17th of November, at half-past five o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to our lodging; the watch hung by the window - he went away about seven; he called again about a quarter past two o'clock next day, and was not up stairs more than twenty minutes - the watch hung in the same place as before; while he was there my bell rang - I was obliged to go down to answer it; I was not absent more than five minutes - the prisoner passed me as I stood at the door, and said he was going to call on his uncle, who lived in Warwick-street, and would call again in the evening; he had said up stairs that he was going to Wakefield, that he had booked his place for Thursday, and would take anything down for us - my husband came from there; I missed the watch the instant I went up stairs - I went out to look for him, but could not see him; he did not come in the evening - I gave information at several station-houses.
Prisoner. Q.Had you been out of your room that day? A. Yes, once, but am certain the watch was there when I went to answer the bell.


                  GEORGE 
                  LOWTHER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Tottenham-court-road. The prisoner came to my shop about two o'clock on the 18th of October, and pawned a silver guard chain for 10s.; he then offered a silver watch for 4l., which I objected to give, and he took it away - I looked at it, and noticed the maker's name was Halliwell of Wakefield; I should not suppose it worth above 3l. or 4l. in the trade - I am certain he is the man,


                  GEORGE 
                  HENRY PEBLES
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Harris, pawnbroker, Minories. On the afternoon or evening of the 18th of October, the prisoner pawned a watch in the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Robinson
               



            , for 30s.; the maker's name is Halliwell, Wakefield - I believe the prisoner to be the man.


                  GEORGE 
                  LOWTHER
               



            . This is the watch he offered to me - I examined it.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  BENJAMIN 
                  DENSTON
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoner at Knightsbridge on the evening of the 23rd of October; he told me outside the office that I should find the watch pawned at the second shop on the right-hand side of the Minories, which I did.
The prisoner pleaded poverty.




               GUILTY of stealing, to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
