



2063. 




JAMES GUY MARKCLAIRE
 was indicted

for stealing on the 
8th of July, 1793 quires of printed paper, value 300l. the goods of 



Henry Kernot, his master—2nd COUNT stating it to be 155lbs. weight of paper.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY KERNOT
. I live in Great Russell-street, and am agent to Treutel and Wurtz, of Paris They are foreign booksellers to a large extent—I have a warehouse in No. 3, George-street, Euston-square—I had an immense number of divers works in sheets there—I am wholly responsible for them—in April last, I took the prisoner into my service, at the recommendation of Pfliler, a person in my employment, and he continued three or dour months—in the early part of August, I heard reports that my quires of works were sold as waste paper—on the 19th, I took the prisoner into custody, with an officer, at his house, High-street, Marylebone, (before going I went over the warehouse, and missed 1793 quires, worth 300l)—I told the prisoner I had come to apprehend him on charge of robbing my warehouse—he said, "I am quite innocent; oh dear me, how could I do it, when you always kept the key?"—he said no more then—I then left him in presence of the officer—he was in bed—after a

short time he called me to him, and said, "Oh, Mr. Kernot, I suppose I shall never see England again"—I keep one of the keys of the warehouse, and permit no one to use that—Pfliler had another keys—I have received some of the lost works back form Joseph Mahon, and some from Goodwin, Jeffreys, and Wright.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who are Treutel and Wurtz? A. They are booksellers in Paris—they have not been bankrupts—Mr. Richter was in partnership with them in the London house—he failed after they relinquished partnership, and these books were removed from New Bond-street—none of mine were covered with flannel, nor of Treutel and Wurtz's nor of Richter"s that I know of—I live in Russell-street, in private apartments—one or two copies were there—I did not employ the prisoner to conceal any of them—I was first heard of his robbing me on the 12th of August—I was not angry, because I did not give credit to it, but I did on the next day—of course, I should not think of employing him in any confidential business after that—that I swear—nor did I seek to employ him—this letter is my hand writing addressed to the prisoner, dated 7th of August.

Q. Did you write this? (reading) "If you return soon, I can promise a good deal of work, for Mr. Richter's affairs are quite settled. I shall have, in a few days 3000 volumes all at once, from his assignees." A. I did write that—from, the 13th up to the 19th, I was going to all the haunts to the prisoner to find him out; and from the 13th till the morning of the 19th I could not, and therefore I wrote that to the put him off his guard.

Q. Did you write this to him? "Now, do not be foolish in keeping away from your friends and well wishers, to whom always believe me one.?"—A. I did say so to mislead him—it was my intention to take him up, and have him tried—he was not confidential with me—there is a dispute between Richter's assignees and Treutel and Wurtz, but not about the books in question—I often sign myself Harry but my name is Henry.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You could not find him till the 19th? A. No, 1 found him at his own house—this letter was directed to the Orange Tree, New-road where his wife told me he often was—this was nothing else but a subterfuge to get hold of him—this property was in my custody in the warehouse.





JOHN WILLIAM LEGGATT
 (police constable E 156.) On Friday, the 19th of August, I accompanied the prosecutor to the prisoner's house, in High-street, and found him in bed, and took him into custody—Mr. Kernot left the room—the prisoner said he could not imagine what could induce him to be so foolish as to be guilty of such an act, I asked now he could dispose of such a large quantity of paper—he said he disposed of it at different times, to three people, Mr. Mahon, in the Borough; Mr. Mahon, in the Waterloo-road; and Mr. Gosbell—I went the house of Mr. Mahon, in Blackman-street, Borough—Mr. Kernot, who was with me, stated what we came for, and he delivered to us 56 1/2 lbs. of paper—from that house he took us to the house in Waterloo-road, and delivered to us 46lbs.—we went to Mr. Drury, and received 146lbs., some more from Mr. Jeffryes, and 41 1/2lbs. from Mr. Wright.





THOMAS MAHON
. I am a stationer in the Waterloo-road. On the 8th of July I saw the prisoner about six o"clock in the evening—he had a man with him, who appeared to be a porter, and some paper with him—the prisoner asked if I would buy some waste paper—I said I would

if I knew it was his property—he said it was—I asked him who he was—he took out his pocket book and handed me and enamelled card, with the name of Mr. Kernot on it—he wrote that dress—I bought lqr. and 13lbs. of him and I gave him 32s. per cwt,—it came to 11s. 8 1/2 d—I believe some of it was entire works—I never collated it—after that, he intimated there was a large quantity where he resided, which was on the card, (I think, No.17, Great Marylebone-street,) between two and three tons—I informed him I would be a customer—on the following evening I bought 1qr. 14lbs. for 11s. 8 1/2d.—he brought two other quantities the following week—I bought them—I think one was 1qr. 17lbs., the other 2qrs. and some odd pounds—I paid at the same rate—most of it went to my brother in Blackman-street—I sold it to him—I went to my brother the same evening to ascertain whether it was a bona fide transaction or not, and for him to make inquires of the publisher, which was, I believe, in Soho-square—that was the first evening—I agreed that the prisoner should bring a further quantity on the Saturday evening, that I might arrange with my brother whether I ought to buy it or not, as it was a dirty, common, inferior paper—I had not any of it when Mr. Kernot came—I had delivered it up to my brother two or three days after I got it—the prisoner said he had sold Gosbell the two ton lot.

Cross-examined Q. How did you find out the name of the publishers A. From the title-page—I did not go Treutel and Wurtz's—I believe my brother did, to No. 31, Soho-square.





JOSEPH MAHON
. I am brother to Thomas Mahon, and live in Blackman-street. On the 22nd of July, the prisoner and my brother came to within twelve hours to Mr. Richter, and it was through me that this was known to Mr. Kernot.

Cross-examined. Q. What did Mr. Richter tell you? A. That Mr. Kernot had liberty to sell these as waste paper, or any other works.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did the prisoner tell you who he was? A. He came in a cab, and said he was Mr. Kernot—this is the card he gave me.





ALFRED GOSBELL
. I live at York-place, Islington, and am a stationer. I know the prisoner—I bought of him, in sheets and half sheets, about 3cwt. 1qr. of paper, at the rate of 30s. a cwt.—I do not know whether the works were entire—I merely turned up the edges—I went, by accident, to dine with the prisoner, at Mr. Peek's, in the New-road—I asked him who he was—he gave me his address, "James Claire, High-street, Marylebone "—they are not entire works—Mr. Kernot acknowledged in my house that part of it was waste—I bought it as waste, and sold it as waste—I did not order some to be sent to my house, but somewhere else—I have a warehouse in Gray's-inn-lane—I have delivered all up—I gave the names of the parties who I had sold it to, for 45s. 5d. and 46s. 8d.

Prisoner. I was always told to keep things as a great secret by Mr. Pfliler as he knew they were bankrupts; they expected a gentleman to come one day, and was ordered to remove a great deal into the drawing-room. which I did.
(Mr. Perryman, eating-house-keeper, Long-acre, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
 Aged 28—


Transported for Seven Years.
