







776. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of March


, 9 drinking-glasses, value 7s.; 4 ounces weight of tobacco, value 1s., and 23 cigars, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles Thomas 
                           Bigleston
                        



                     
                  , her master
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ARCHER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said glasses and cigars, well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; and 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     SWEARINGEM
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said 4 ounces weight of tobacco, value 1s., well knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  THOMAS BIGLESTONE
               



            . I keep a tobacco shop in Regent-street






. Miller was in my service for about three months; I missed cigars, tobacco, and various other things on the 5th of March - I went for an officer; Avis came - we brought down Miller's box; we found some tobacco - in the bottom of it - I then accused her of it, but she strongly denied of it - I asked her if she had not that morning taken a lot of cigars out of the till, and some tobacco; she then acknowledged without any promise or threat, that she had had the cigars and tobacco in her box that morning -I had missed out of one till about four dozen of the best cigars, and various kinds of tobacco; Miller then said she had given them to Swearingem - I had seen a woman about the place, but could not exactly say that she was the person; I had seen Archer at the window, but not in the shop - Miller then said the cigars had been taken to Archer's house at Lambeth; Avis and another officer went there with me - Archer was out, but his wife and Swearingem were there; the women said they had never received any thing from Miller, and Swearingem went to run up stairs. but Avis caught her and pulled her down on the stairs - I found these tumblers and wine-glasses on the mantel-piece, and said I would swear they were mine; Archer came in while we were there - he said Miller had bought the glasses in Regent-street for 7s., and brought them there as a present; about two dozen cigars and a quarter of a pound of tobacco was found up stairs - I would not swear to them.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. What did Miller say she had taken the tobacco and cigars for? A. For Archer to smoke - that he had been out of employ for some time; Archer and Swearingem admitted they had received cigars from her; Archer said so as soon as he came in - I pay for Miller's sleeping with Mr. Hancock's servant next door; she told me it was her box; I think it was unlocked - the shop I occupy is under the same roof, but it is partitioned off; there is no private way from my house to the public-house - there is a door which leads to the bottom of their staircase; these glasses are my own- I have a great many cigars sometimes; I had a young lad, my wife's brother, in my shop - it was not very easy to miss a few cigars, but when I went to bed I put them away, and the next morning I went to my till, and about four dozen of the best cigars, which we sell at 4d. a piece, were missing; this was before my brother-in-law was up.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I went to the prosecutor's; Miller brought her box down - I asked if it was her box; she said Yes - I said I had information that something had been in her box; she denied it - I found the tobaccodust in the bottom of it, and in the evening she admitted she took the cigars; I went to Archer's next day and found his wife and Swearingem - I read my warrant; they denied it, but I found the tobacco there - Swearingem then said that Miller gave it her that morning, and she gave it to Archer who was waiting outside the shop.
Cross-examined. Q. Was tobacco. cigars, and other articles expressed in the warrant? A. Yes. Archer said the moment he came in that he had received the cigars a fortnight before.
Miller's Defence. I took my mistress's straw-bonnet to Cranbourn-street, and I asked her to let me go to Lambeth; I took the glasses, cigars, and tobacco then - I said I bought the glasses for 7s., and the tobacco and cigars I had given me.
MILLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
ARCHER and SWEARINGEM - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
