




1768. 




ROBERT SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of June, at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, 1 watch, value 30l.; and 1 guard chain, value 2l.; the goods of 



William Carpenter Gill, his master, in his dwelling-house.





THOMAS SMITH
. I am a bricklayer and live at Hoxton. On the morning of the 17th of June I was in Long-lane, and beard a cry of "Stop thief"—I saw the prisoner, and an old gentleman runing after him with an umbrella under his arm, calling" Stop thief"—I saw the prisoner coming down Middle-street, and stopped him at the comer—the old gentleman came up and said, "You rascal, what have you done with my watch"—the prisoner replied, "Sold it"—the old gentlemen said, "Sold it, have you"—he said, "No, I have not, here it is "putting his hand into his jacket pocket, and putting it into the old gentleman's hands.





HUGH GILL
. I live in Shoreditch with my son, William Carpenter Gill, who is a publican—the prisoner was his pot-boy. On Saturday, the 17th of June, my son went up stairs, returned, and said he missed his gold watch—I inquired for the prisoner, and he was absent—I went out to Long-lane, and saw him on the other side of the street—when he saw me he ran away, and I after him, calling "Stop thief"—he was stopped by Smith—I came up and asked what he had done with the watch—he said, "I have sold it"—I said, "Have you"—he said, "No, here it is," and gave it to me.





ZACHARIAH BAKER
. I am a policeman. I heard a cry of "Stop thief "in Long-lane, and followed—I found the prisoner in custody of Gill—I took him to the Compter, and received the watch from Gill—I said to him on the road, "You must be a foolish young lad to rob a good master"—he said, "I did it to go to Liverpool, to go on board a ship." (Property produced and sworn to.)
(The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that curiosity led him into his master's room, and seeing the watch he was tempted to take it; that after doing so, feeling remorse for what he had done, he was returning with it, when he was apprehended.)




GUILTY>. Aged 19.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury and Prosecutor, having previously borne a good character.
—


Transported for Life.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

