





1040. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Pryce 
                        Mottrem
                     




                  , from his person
            .
PRYCE MOTTREM. On the 15th of April I was near Temple-bar, in the Strand


, at a quarter-past seven o'clock- a lady tapped me on the shoulder, and pointed out the prisoner, who had taken my handkerchief; I immediately pursued him - he was not more than two yards from me; he then ran away, and was taken - I have not seen my handkerchief since; I knew it had been in my pocket two minutes before - I saw no other person run.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Was it not dusk? A. Yes, rather so, and a great many people were passing - it was on Fleet-street side of the bar; the lady is not here.
JOHN COLE. I am a Police-constable. I was off duty and merely coming up Fleet-street - I saw the prosecutor, who had a handkerchief a little way out of his pocket; I saw the prisoner, with another person in his company, dog the prosecutor's pocket - the prisoner drew the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket with his right hand; I went to make a grasp at him, and the other man put up his leg, and I fell down - I then lost sight of the prisoner for about half a minute - I took him just afterwards, but could not find the handkerchief.
Cross-examined. Q.Where was this? A. It was between Temple-bar and St. Clement's church - the gentleman made a mistake when he said it was on the Fleet-street side of the bar; I lost sight of the prisoner for about half a minute, but he had not got more than thirty yards from there before he was taken - I cannot be mistaken in his person; I knew him before.
Prisoner's Defence. That man is swearing my life away - he took me into a bookseller's shop in Carey-street, and said a woman saw me pick the pocket; then he went to Bow-street and said he saw me do it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
