



916. 




WILLIAM JAMES THOMPSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
2d of March, 1 gelding, value 16l.; 1 cart, value 5l.; 1 set of harness, value 1l.; 1 saddle, value 7s.; and 1 breeching, value 7s.; the goods of 



John Spells.






JOHN SPELLS
. I live at South Minster, near Maldon, in Essex. I have a little land there—I saw the prisoner on the 25th of February, at a public-house, about three miles from my house—he came in while I was there, and said he was in distress—I told him if he went home with me I would give him some victuals, and a night's lodging, and as we were going along I gave him 1s., and told him what he had he should pay for—I stopped in going home, and sent him home with the horse and cart—when I came home I found my horse and cart and the prisoner there—he stopped that night—I did not like to turn him out on the Sunday, and he asked if he might stop another night in the stable—he said he was going to London on Monday by the barge—he was locked in the stable again on the Sunday night, at eleven o'clock, and between six and seven o'clock the next morning he was gone, with my cart, and gelding, and harness—I saw them again at Mary-le-bone on the Friday following.





THOMAS LOWE
 (police-constable S 200.) I went, in consequence 'of information, to a public-house in St. John's Wood-road, Mary-le-bone—I found the prisoner there—I asked him how he came in possession of the horse and cart which had been driven into Mr. Arnold's livery-stable the night before—he said he brought it there himself, and it belonged to his brother-in-law; and that he was employed by his brother-in-law, who gave him his meat, lodging, and clothing—he said his brother-in-law lived at South Minster, in Essex—he said he had been a sailor, and had run away in consequence of the usuage he received from his captain.

Prisoner. Q. Are you the man that spoke to me first? A. Yes; you said you had run away from the barge Nina, and went to your brother-in-law, and had been employed by him—I found a letter on you—there was another person taken, but he was discharged—I was not long in the house before I spoke to you—I might have been out of the room a minute or two—I never lost sight of the door—I got to the public-house about seven o'clock—I did not stop to warm my hands more than ten minutes—I took you into custody at that time.





CHARLES COOK
. I am in the service of Mr. Arnold, a livery-stable-keeper, in St. John's Wood-road. On the 2d of March, the prisoner came there with a horse—he asked me whether I could take them in for the night—I said, "Yes"—he asked what I should charge—I said, "Three

shillings and sixpence"—he said very well, he should call for them in the morning, but he did not, and I did not see him till nearly four o'clock, when he was in the public-house adjoining the stable—I asked him if he was going to have the horse away—he said no, he should let him stop there all that night—he then asked if I knew any person who wanted to buy a cart and saddle—I said, "No"—he then came into the yard, and asked whether I knew any person who wanted to buy the horse—I asked what he wanted for it—he said nine guineas—I said I knew a man who would give him five guineas—he said no, he would not take less than six guineas—he went into the public-house—I went in afterwards, and he said I should save the horse, for five guineas, and his keep—I came out, and saw the policeman, and beckoned him—I showed the same noise and cart to the prosecutor.

Prisoner. Q. You swore that the evidence you gave before the Magistrate was true? A. Yes—I live at No. 6, Upper Copeland-street—you asked if I knew any one that would buy the can and saddle—that was the first you said—there were people there, but I did not know them.

Prisoner. I went in the yard, and saw him near the gate—I said, "Let me look at the horse, have you given him any corn?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Did he eat any hay?"—he said, "Yes, I filled the rack," and in course of conversation he said, "I will give you 5l. for the horse"—I said it was worth 15l. if it was in any condition, but he was not in condition, but he was worth 10l.—I said it did not belong to me. Witness. No, you said it was your brother-in-law's—you mentioned first about selling the horse.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not pretend to be in distress, when I met the prosecutor, he treated me with bread and cheese, and said he would give me a night's lodging, and a good supper, and I should stop all Sunday—as we were going along he gave me a shilling, and said he kept a jerry shop, and what I had I should pay for—when became home he wms drunk, and he gave me no lodging but in the stable—he did not tell me on the Sunday that he would give me another night's lodging—but the man put me into the stable—I do not deny taking the horse and cart, and bringing is to London; at I had left the barge, how was I to get to London? but I had no intention of stealing it; and when I got here, I wrote a letter, which the policeman found on me, to tell the prosecutor when his horse and cart were—I had not power to walk to London.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Life.
