





2172. 




EDWARD GODFREY
 and 




ROBERT MCGOWEN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
16th of October, 1 violin, value 5s., the goods of 



John William Fryett.






HUGH HENRY CAMPION
. I am shopman to John William Fryett, of High-street, Shadwell; he is a pawnbroker. On the afternoon of the 16th of October, my attention. was called by Robert Clark, to something which was alleged to have happened—I missed a violin from inside the door—I went into the street, and Clark pointed out Godfrey—I pursued, and found him with the violin concealed under his apron—I took it from him—there was another person running on, some little distance before him—we lost nothing but this violin, which is the property of my employer—there was person like the other prisoner with Godfrey, but he got away at that time.





ROBERT CLARK
. I am shopman to Mr. Johnson, a hatter in Shadwell. On the 16th of October, I was standing by our door, which is opposite to Mr. Fryett's. I saw the prisoners standing by the door—M'Gowen snatched at the violin, and after two attempts he got it, and handed it to Godfrey—I am certain he is the man—he ran away at that time.





THOMAS JOHN PAGE
. I live in the Commercial-road. I saw Godfrey inside the prosecutor's shop, in charge of the shopman—he was given in charge to the officer, who was bringing him along the street, and M'Gowen came, and whispered in his ear—I pushed him away—I did not know who he was—but Mr. Jackson's foreman came up, and said, "Lay hold of him, that is the one who took it off the rail."





ROBERT WITTLETON
 (police-constable 152 K.) I took Godfrey into custody. He said that he had no money, nor work, nor any thing to eat, and he must do something to live—I found two knives, and a bad shilling on M'Gowen—I found a silk handkerchief on each of the prisoners.

Godfrey's Defence. I was in Mile-end New Town workhouse for two years and a half—they gave me 5s., and told me to go out, and if I did not like to take that, they would turn me out with nothing—I could not get any employment—I had bought the handkerchief while I was in the work-house—I was going along the street, and this prisoner gave me the violin.

M'Gowen's Defence. I took the violin, and gave it to this lad—I had been in the workhouse, and was turned out with this boy—the officer took the handkerchiefs from our necks.





ROBERT WITTLETON
. I took one from the neck, and one from the pocket—I took one from the neck of Godfrey.

COURT. Q. How came you not to tell the Court at first that you took one from the neck, and one from the pocket? A. I did not know but that I did say so.

M'Gowen. We both had the handkerchiefs on our necks—mine was tied loosely behind, as I am subject to fits—the officer who took it off, said, "These are better handkerchiefs than boys can wear who work so hard."

MCGOWEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

GODFREY—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.




Transported for Seven Years.
