





1235. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     MARKWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of August
, 1 hat, value 2s.; 1 half-crown, 8 shillings, and 3 sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Annison
                        




                     
                  , and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .
JOSEPH ANNISON. I am ostler
 at the George Inn, Enfield


. On the 12th of August I lost a hat, a half crown, eight shillings, and three sixpences; my hat had been on the landing, and the money in a box in the bed-room; I had seen it safe a little after six o'clock that morning, and I had seen the hat safe on the day before - I knew the prisoner, he is a labouring man
, but had nothing to do in our house, or in my room - I have lost the money, but I got my hat again from the constable.


                  JOHN 
                  MEAD
               



            . I am a constable. I received information on the Monday night that the prisoner was suspected, and that he had absconded - on the Wednesday following I overtook him in the street with a bundle at his back, he went into a public-house, I followed him, and took this hat off his head, I then took him into custody.


                  ANN 
                  WHEATLEY
               



            . I live at that public-house. On the 12th of August I saw the prisoner on the ostler's bed; I don't know how he came there.


                  JAMES 
                  COX
               



            . I lodge in the house. I saw the prisoner there between one and two o'clock that afternoon, he said he would go to his mother and get a cup of tea; he then went away, and the prosecutor came and asked me to go and look at his box, as he had heard the prisoner had been on his bed - I went, and found the box open.
JOHN MEAD. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clarke's office - I was a witness, and know he is the man.
Prisoner's Defence. I have lived two years in the house, and had many opportunities of stealing things if I had been so disposed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.* - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
