





680. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, 1 box, value 4d., and 50 lbs. of raisins, value 23s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Barker
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had previously been convicted of felony
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  PERRY
               



            . I am in the employ of 
               
                  William 
                  Barker
               



            , a grocer
, in King-street, Holborn


. On the 12th of January, about eight o'clock in the morning, I saw this box of raisins in the shop, and missed it in about half an hour - I looked out of the shop door, and saw the prisoner about thirty yards off, going down the street with it on his shoulder; I called my master, and went after him - I secured him, without losing sight of him; he had then thrown it down.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WENTWORTH
               



            . I saw the prisoner and two others standing opposite Barker's door, in King-street -I went on, and as I crossed Holborn I heard a cry of Stop thief! I turned, and saw the prisoner coming down King-street, and Perry following him; I stopped him in Little Queen-street - he immediately struck me; I still held him till Perry came up - he directly struck Perry in the face, and then the Policeman came up; I did not see him with the property.


                  CORNELIUS 
                  WINTLE
               



            . I am a Policeman. I received him in charge - Mr. Barker delivered me the box; he said he had not taken it, and knew nothing about it.


                  THOMAS 
                  PERRY
               



            . Here are two letters chalked on the box, by which I know it.
Prisoner. Q. Did not your master say there was no mark which he could swear to? A. Nothing to that effect - he afterwards marked the weight on it in ink.
Prisoner's Defence. I solemnly deny the charge - I believe the mark was made afterwards.


                  JOHN 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office(read) - I was present at his trial, and know him to be the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
