





66. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        Frederick 
                        Pridham
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  FREDERICK 
                  PRIDHAM
               



            . I am an ornamental carver
. I was in Oxford-street


 at half-past five o'clock on the 30th of November; I felt a tug at my pocket - I turned, and saw the prisoner and two more with him; I saw the prisoner pass something to one who was behind him, which I thought was my handkerchief; but I could not swear it - I felt, and missed my handkerchief; I followed them, and the person who I thought took the handkerchief, turned down Harewood-place; I followed the prisoner and the other down Regent-street, and on to Forbe's-passage - they stopped there, and I stopped opposite to them; the other one said, "Go over to him;" the prisoner came over, and asked me if I was following them - I was frightened and said, "Come into this public-house, and we shall settle it very amicably;" the prisoner said if that was all, he would - we went in; I told the landlord, who said he would act as an officer if I told him the case - I said I suspected the prisoner of robbing me of a handkerchief - he detained him, and sent to Marlborough-street; I had had my handkerchief just before in my hand - no other persons were behind me; the man, who I think took something from the prisoner, went down Harewood-place.
Prisoner. Q. Were there no other persons behind you? A. Yes, but you were the nearest - you did ask me if I knew you, and I said No; I meant I was not acquainted with you - I cannot swear you took the handkerchief, or passed it; I saw the others with you, and talking to you - I did not follow the other men; I followed you, and did not lose sight of you - your friends have been with me: I said I would not swear positively you had the handkerchief or passed it to the other persons - they went to Marlborough-street, learned my residence, and begged and prayed of me not to swear to you - I believe the prisoner is respectably connected; he is an apprentice to Mr. Maberly.
Prisoner's Defence. I was proceeding from my employer's - I went down to King-street, and the prosecutor asked me to go into the house, where he charged me with picking his pocket - I said it was not true; an officer was sent for, but nothing was found on me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
