



758. 




JOHN DUFFEY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
8th of January, 10 spoons, value 12l.; 12 forks, value 10l.; 2 sauce-ladles, value 2l.; and 1, label, value 10s.; the goods of 



George Douglas Standen, his master.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





LIEUTENANT-COLONEL GEORGE DOUGLAS STANDEN
. The prisoner was my military servant—he was a private in the regiment—in December last I had a lodging at the house of Mr. Mitchell, in Bond-street—I left that lodging for Brighton about the 15th or 16th of December—I had plate in my chest which I left at my lodging—among other things, there were silver spoons, forks, and sauce-ladles—the wine-label was on my dressing-table—the prisoner had the care of my apartments and property—it was his business to call there for orders—he did not sleep there—I received information about the 12th or 14th of January, which induced me to write to Mr. Mitchell—the prisoner was afterwards taken into custody—I did not come to London until within the last week.





JOHN MITCHELL
. I am a bookseller, and live in Bond-street. Colonel Standen had a lodging at my house—he left London on the 16th of December—his plate-chest was on the first floor—the prisoner came there every day; and when the Colonel left London, he came regularly every day for the first week—he had access to the room where the chest was—he then neglected his duty, and ceased to come at all—in consequence of directions from Colonel Standen, I examined his chest, and sent him a list of what I found in it—a complaint was then made of plate being missed, a silver label was missing, which I had seen in the Colonel's apartment on the table.





JOHN WARREN
. I am landlord of the Black Bear, Piccadilly. The prisoner lodged at my house the first week in January—I saw him in possession of a silver fork broken in two—it had a crest on it (looking at a spoon produced by the prosecutor)—the crest exactly resembled that—I picked up a silver label in my bar, which I produce—it was on the 7th, 8th, or 9th of January—there was nobody in the bar when I found k—the prisoner was gone to bed at the time—he had not left the bar five minutes when I found it—nobody had been in the bar after he left, for my doors were fast—I hung it up in the bar, and next morning the prisoner went away—I never saw him afterwards till he was in custody.





JAMES BOOTH
. I am waiter to Mr. McGregor, at the Canteen, in Whitehall. I saw the prisoner there in the beginning of January, intoxicated—he was drinking liquor at the bar, and asked me to drink with him—he treated the people about—there was a Jew inside the bar—the prisoner had a piece of silver in his pocket—the Jew, and several people were looking at it—I got hold of it—the prisoner said it was the handle of a fork—the Jew offered to buy it—he refused to sell it to him at first, but afterwards pulled it out of his pocket again, and the Jew asked him to sell it—he said he would—he asked me to see it weighed, which I did—it was about two ounces—he sold it to the Jew for 4s. 11d.—there was a crest on it like the one on this spoon—he said he was to take a post-chaise, for his

master had broken his leg at Brighton, and he had come up for a physician, and was to go back in a post-chaise.





ROBERT IRELAND
. I am the prosecutor's servant. I counted the plate before my master left town for Brighton—the prisoner was with me to see that it was all right, and it was all right—there was a dozen and a half of large forks, a dozen small ones, a dozen and a half of table spoons, a dozen dessert spoons, two sauce-ladles, and two sugar-ladles—the prisoner was helping me put it into the box.





COLONEL STANDEN
, re-examined. The number missing from the chest was about ten or twelve of each sort—both the ladles were gone—the prisoner left me without notice, and deserted—I never had any communication with him after I left town—this is the label which I lost.





JOHN BURROUGH
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody on the 26th of January—he asked what I took him for—two persons behind me said, it was concerning some plate—he said, "D—n the plate, his servitude was all"—at the second examination he called me over, and asked if I bad found any more of the plate.




GUILTY
. Aged 44.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
There were three other indictments against the prisoner.
