




1940. 




JAMES ROGAN
 and 




THOMAS PERKINS
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
29th of August, 1 trunk, value 5s.; 2 coats, value 2l. 5s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 10s.; 2 waistcoats, value 15s.; 2 shirts, value 1l.; 1 pair of drawers, value 2s.; two pair of stockings, value 2s.: 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.; 1 gown, value 2l.; 3 collars, value 30s.; 5 books, value 30s.; 1 petticoat, value 10s.; 1 tippet, value 10s.; 1 telescope, value 10s.; the goods of 



George Greenwood.







GEORGE GEENWOOD
. I am a wine-merchant, and live in Fenchurch-street. On the 29th of August this property was in a trunk, which was in one of my own carts, to go to my house at Homerton, from my town house.





JOHN TIMMS
. I am cellarman to Mr. Greenwood. On the 29th of August, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, I left my master's house with the trunk in a cart, with one horse—I drove it to the Blue Posts, in Holborn—I went in to book two dozen of wine, which I was going to deliver there—I came out in three minutes, and the trunk was gone—the porter directed me through Staples-inn, and I went and stopped James Rogan, in Southampton-buildings, with the trunk on his back—I called "Stop thief," and saw him stopped with it.

Rogan. Q. When you called ont yo me, did not I stop? A. No; not till you were stopped.





ANDREW MERSON
. I am porter at the Blue Posts. I recollect Timms' cart drawing up at our gateway—Immediately the man went in, I saw Perkins get into the cart, and give the box out to Rogan—he put it on his shoulder—Perkins jumped out of the cart in a great hurry, and ran towards Castle-street, and Rogan ran through Staples-inn—I called the man out, and said, "Do these people belong to your cart?"—he said not, and I ran with him, and saw Rogan with the box on his shoulder—I saw Perkins in custody on the Wednesday following—It happened on Saturday—I am quite sure he is the same person—I never saw him before, but I am quite certain of him.





ROBERT GUNN
. I am a corn-factor. I was in Southampton-buildings—I saw Rogan with the box on his shoulder, and people calling "Stop thief, stop that amn with the box—I then ran and stopped him—he then said he was a light porter, and was employed to carry it to Lincoln's-inn-fields—he wished us to let him go, and said he should give us a deal of trouble.





MICHAEL RUSSELL
. I am a policeman. I came up and found Rogan in custody, and took charge of him with the trunk.





JOHN KIRKMAN
. I am a policeman. I heard a description of the other prisoner given by the porter, and went in search of Perkins—I went to watch a communication with Rogan, and traced a young woman to Golden-lane—on the 2nd of September I took Perkins in Bell-alley, Golden-lane—he was not in the house when I first went, but two women, and when I heard footsteps on the stairs, one of them said, "Here comes Tom"—directly he saw me, he turned to go down again, but I secured him—he asked what I wanted him for—I said for a little job in Holborn—he said b----his eyes if he would go, and he attempted to seize the poker, but I held him; and then he called to the women to bring him a knife—before the Magistrate the prisoner denied knowing each other at all.





ANN MARSH
. I live in Robin hood-alley, Golgen-lane. I have seen the two prisoners in the lane talking together, but I never saw any harm of them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Rogan's Defence. I was in Holborn. A man stopped me and asked me to carry a trunk to Lincoln's-inn-fields, and he would give me one shilling—I put it on my shoulder, and went through Staples-inn to the corner, and two mwn called to me at the bottom of Southampton-buildings—I stopped till they came up to me, and said it belonged to them—I said, "There is the man who employed me, "and the man ran off.


Perkins's Defence. I never saw this man before in my life, (Jane Loman, a married woman, gave the prisoner Rogan a good character.)

ROGAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

PERKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.




Transported for Seven Years.
