



2453. 




JEAN JACQUES COURBEN
 was indicted

for unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously assaulting 



Augustus Manuel Gougenheim, on the 
17th of August, and wounding him upon his left eye, with intent to maim and disable him.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to do him some grievous bodily harm.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






AUGUSTUS MANUEL GOUGENHEIM
. I am a Frenchman, but have lived fifteen or sixteen years in this country—I am an interpreter and translator of several languages—I have only seen the prisoner twice—he called at my place seven or eight months ago, and requested me to attend before the Commissioners of the Westminster Court of Requests to answer to a debt to which he had rendered himself liable from a female he used to visit—he was then quite a stranger to me—I took down his instructions, and found there was no cause why he should not pay the debt if the woman did not—I explained to him that no defence could be made to it, and it was arranged that I should obtain time to pay the debt and costs—I was to be paid 3s. for translating a paper for him, and 3s. for my own attendance—I did not attend on the day the case was heard before the Commissioners, as I was retained to interpret at Union Hall, for a foreigner, and I sent my wife with full instructions to act—she brought me back the adjudication of the debt, to be paid at three monthly instalments—I sent that by my servant to the prisoner's house—I did not make any personal application, is the amount was so trifling—I sent my servant once or twice, but did

not receive the money—on Saturday, the 17th of August, I saw the prisoner in Oxendon-street, Haymarket—I crossed the road, touched my hat to him, and said, "Mr. Courben, when do you mean to pay me?"—he said, "Never"—I said, "If that is the case, I shall summon you in the Court of Requests next Monday"—he immediately flew into a violent passion, and said, "Before you summons me, I shall smash your face"—(all this conversation was in French)—he immediately stepped back one or two paces, making two or three motions as if to conceal what he was doing, and he thrust his cane at my eye with a very strong thrust—it burst the ball of my eye, and the aqueous matter ran down his wrist—I had not offered him the least violence, either personally or verbally—he attempted to run away, but was stopped by a stranger passing by—I went to the station-house, and gave him in charge, and was taken to Mr. Wood, the surgeon—I have entirely lost the sight of the eye—I lost it at that very moment, and nearly lost my life, for brain-fever or locked jaw was anticipated by the medical man, for the first four days—It was done with the small end of the cane.





DAVID LAROACH
. I live in King-street, Golden-square. I was in Oxenden-street on the 17th of August, and saw the injury inflicted on the prosecutor's eye by the prisoner—I had never seen either of the parties before—the prosecutor did not offer the least violence to the prisoner—he stood with his thumb in the sleeve of his waistcoat.





JAMES RICHARDSON
. I lodged in Bury-street, St. James's, at the time in question. I was in company with the prosecutor, walking arm in arm—he left me, and crossed over to speak to the prisoner—he went up to him and gently tapped him on the shoulder with his hand, and appeared to speak to him—the prisoner, by his manner, flew into a violent passion—he seemed to take a step backwards, take a deliberate aim, and with his cane made a violent thrust, and thrust out the prosecutor's eye—the prosecutor had not struck or offered to strike him.





WILLIAM SUDBURY
. At the time in question I lived in Oxenden-street—I was in the street on this occasion, and witnessed the transaction—the witnesses have spoken truly-no violence was offered by the prosecutor before he received the thrust—I saw the blow struck with the cane—it appeared distinctly aimed at the eye.





THOMAS WOOD
. I am a surgeon, and live in Panton-street. The prosecutor was brought to me on Saturday, the 17th of August—I found he had lost his eye from a wound—the sight was quite gone—I examined the injury—in my judgment it was such a one as might have been inflicted by thrusting the point of a cane into the eye—It could not have been inflicted without considerable violence—the smaller end of this cane (produced) would inflict the injury—I saw him occasionally for about a month—he suffered a good deal of pain—there was reason to anticipate dangerous consequences although his health was good-such a blow was calculated to produce locked jaw, but I rather anticipated brain fever—It was a very dangerous wound.





GEORGE BURY
. I am a policeman. I received charge of the prisoner from the prosecutor—I took this cane from the prisoner, and have had it ever since.

Prisoner's Defence. (Through an interpreter.) At five o'clock on the 17th of August I went to Panton-street—I was on the left hand side going along—the prosecutor tapped me on the shoulder and said, "If you do not bring me by to-morrow what you owe me I will put my foot in

your"—I said, "Do it,"which proves I did not pursue him—to avoid him I went on the other side of the way, and when I was on the right-hand pavement he followed me, and said, "Wherever I meet you I will put you in a state of uneasiness"—he called me a rogue—I said, "Let me alone, and do as you please about it"—I tried to go away from him about twelve paces, but he came after me again, and repeating that I was a rogue, gave me a knock with his fist on my left side-as I came back he tried to give me another, and unfortunately I took up my cane to prevent his striking me.




GUILTY on the 2nd Count. Aged 60.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.

