





1020. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     KENDALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of April
, at St. Leonard, Shoredicth; 4 coats, value 8l.; 1 hat, value 10s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s., and 1 pair of gloves, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph Henry 
                        Dorrell
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  HENRY DORRELL
               



            . I live in Old-street-road, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch


, it is my dwelling-house; I am a tailor
 - I have known the prisoner four years; he had been a butcher
 - I allowed him to come and stay at my house from the middle of February last; and on the 9th of April, at a quarter-past seven o'clock, when I came down stairs, I missed three new coats, my hat, handkerchief, and gloves - I had seen them safe the night before; the hat was my only one - the property was worth about 9l. 7s.; the prisoner was gone out, and did not return - I had not the least idea of his going away; this was on Easter Tuesday - I let it rest till the following Sunday, when one of my men told me that he knew where to find Charley - I took a policeman, and found him at a coffee-house, with one of the coats on, and my hat on, the other things were pawned - I had taken him in from charity.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALFRED PUTNAM
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a coat pawned on the 9th of April, by the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  HELPS
               



            . I live with Mr. Fleming, a pawnbroker. I have a coat pawned at our shop, but the person who received it is not here; I have the counterpart of the duplicate.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



             (police-constable N 214). I took the prisoner at the Russel coffee-house, and found on him this coat, this hat, and four duplicates, one of which is for the coat pawned at Mr. Fleming's.
Property produced and sworn to.
Prisoner's Defence. On the Sunday evening before, I hinted that I should like to go into the country to see a friend, and he said I had better not, but he afterwards said he had not the money, but I might take these things and pawn them; I have pawned things for him before - he agreed that I should go in that coat and hat; he used to allow me to wear one coat.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HENRY DORRELL
               



            . It is entirely false; I never gave him leave to pawn these things - he once or twice pawned things for me, but never without notice - I had lent him this great coat to wear on my premises, but these were new coats for customers; this hat was the only one I had.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
