




295. 




HUMPHREY NEWBURY
 and 




MARY MOTTS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
24th of November, 1 bed, value 34s.; 1 blanket, value 6s. 1 sheet, value 3s.; 3 pillows, value 5s.; 1 counterpane, value 8s.; 2 curtains, value 1s.; 1 carpet, value 1s.; 1 looking-glass and frame, value 1l.; 1 tea-pot, value 1s.; 1 candlestick, value 1s.; 1 pail, value 1s.; 1 saucepan. value 3s.; 1 kettle, value 1s.; 6d.; and 1 flat-iron, value 1s.; the goods of 



George Lakie.






GEORGE LAKIE
. I live at Deptford, in the county of Kent. The prisoner

Motts took a furnished room of me—she told me she had a child by her second husband, and she brought Newbury to the house afterwards—they resided a considerable time as man wife—I desired to go into the room and was refused—and they used dreadful imprecations—I sent for Stewart—after getting in with difficulty, I found a large quantity of property gone, and what was left was knocked to pieces—I missed a bed, and the other things stated—this is my property—I have examined it before.

Motts. A fortnight after I took the room he gave me leave to pledge several articles. Witness. Not directly nor indirectly, in any shape.





DONALD STEWART
 (police-constable R 35.) I went with the prosecutor to try to get into the room, and was refused by Newbury—he said he paid the rent, and would open the door to no person—I took him into custody, and asked if the man's property was all in the room—he said it was, for all he knew—Motts gave me about twenty duplicated—these are them—she gave me all except two, which I found left in pledge at a marinestore-shop.





CHARLES BAKER
. I am shopman to Mr. Tighe of Broadway, Deptford I produce a blanket and some other articles which I received from the prisoner Motts.





JOHN EVENDEN
. I am shopman to Mr. Joseph Sharp. I produce I bed which Motts pledged, and some other articles—I cannot swear who pledged them, but three of these duplicates correspond with the articles I have produced—the bed is at our house.

Motts. I should have brought them home again—when I paid him the 4s. the first week he took 6d. off, and said he would take 3s. 6d.—and if I paid him his rent every week, he would not meddle with my room—what I did was through distress—I had four children, and Newbury was sick.

Newbury. It was done through distress. I was sick at the time, and hurt my side.





GEORGE LAKIE

re-examined. I have seen him take part of my property out of the room in his bosom. On the Saturday week before, I was shutting up my shop, at ten minutes before ten o'clock, and he bolted out with what I believe was one of my sheets, and Mots after him.

NEWBURY—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.

MOTTS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported for Seven Years.
