





436. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     AVERY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of February
, 1 pair of boots, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Arthur 
                     Kimmes
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  HUTCHINSON
               



            . I am in the Guards, and servant to Captain


                  Thomas 
                  Arthur Kimmes
               



             - the prisoner was a sort of odd man
, employed at Colonel Tint's, who is the Captain's father-in-law, and lives at No. 16, Hill-street, Berkley-square


 - these boots were missed the beginning of February, from Hill-street - I had not seen the prisoner for seven days previous to that, nor had ever seen the boots, for I had been away from the house myself, in consequence of a robbery which had been committed - on missing the boots, I went to the prisoner, who was in Marylebone-court, and said to him, that in addition to the forks which were missing, there was a pair of boots of my master's missing - he said, "You mean to make something of it at last" - I said, "I want you to go with me to the pawnbroker's" - he said, "It is of no use going to the pawnbroker's; I know where the boots are; I pawned them, in South Audley-street, for 10s."- I walked a short distance with him, and gave him in charge of a policeman - I went to South Audley-street, and found the boots in pawn for 10s. - here are the boots - they have my master's name in them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BEZANT
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at No. 60, South Audley-street - I had the boots in pawn from the prisoner, on the 6th of January - I lent him 10s. on them - he said he pawned them for another person, who had sent him - I knew him in the neighbourhood a long time.


                  CHARLE 
                  HODGES
               



             (police-constable). I met Hutchinson with the prisoner - he voluntarily acknowledged taking the boots, and where he had pawned them.
Prisoner's Defence. I intended to have restored them again.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 49. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
