





498. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BARNETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of January
, 50 yards of fustian, value 4l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Henry 
                     Skelton
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HENRY GOODYER
               



            . I live with 
               
                  John 
                  Henry Skelton
               



            , a Manchester warehouseman
, in Piccadilly


. On the 31st of January the prisoner, who was a stranger, came to the shop - he said he wanted two pieces of fustian for Mr. Curlewis who is a customer of ours; he asked for two pieces to cut from, which is usual in the trade, and I let him have them - I entered them in the book, but it was only to cut from; in two or three days we sent to Mr. Curlewis to return what was left, and he had not had them.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. How much of these articles did the prisoner come for? A. His words were "I want two pieces of fustian for Mr. Curlewis, to cut from, a dark piece and a light piece" Mr. Curlewis is a tailor - he did not mean the whole piece was to be kept; I did not enter them as being sold - I have entered thirty five yards, and sixteen and a half, as pieces to be cut from, and the rest to be returned.


                  HENRY 
                  CURLEWIS
               



            . I am a tailor. The prisoner had been in my employ, but had left me about fifteen months; he knew I dealt with the prosecutor - I never sent for this fustian, and did not have it.
Cross-examined. Q. How long was he in your service? A. About three months; I have reason to believe he has been led away by other persons, as he conducted himself so well with me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
