





1054. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     ARMSWORTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of May
, 1 shawl, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Stubbs
                  




               
            .
ALEXANDER GARDNER NINER. I am in the employ of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Stubbs
               



            , a linen-draper
, of Fleet-market


. On the 7th of May, about four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came into the shop with a woman, who went to the counter - I was standing in the middle of the shop; the prisoner stood about three feet from the door, not within reach of the counter; I did not hear what the woman asked for - I saw the prisoner take a shawl off a line about three feet from the door; she went away with it -I went after her. tapped her on the shoulder, and charged her with taking it - I pulled it from under her clothes; I sent for Boddy, a constable, and gave her in charge - he let her go I understand, but she was afterwards taken.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  COLEY
               



            . I am a constable. I was coming down Holborn, and saw a crowd go up Shoe-lane - I found the prisoner had run away from Boddy; I followed her into a house she had run into. and found her locked in her room - I knocked, but she would not open the door: I forced it open, and took her; Niner saw her in a few minutes, and identified her.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was very much in liquor, and was taken home about two o'clock, and put to bed; I was never out of bed till Coley, Boddy, and another broke the door open - Boddy said I had stolen the shawl - I had never seen it.
ABRAHAM COLEY. She was not in liquor; there was no bed in her room.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
