





1166. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     BENNETT
                  




               
            * was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of May
, at St. Marylebone, 1 shawl, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of shoes, value 6d.; 1 cap, value 6d.; 1 basket, value 6d.; 1 collar, value 6d.; and 2 handkerchiefs, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Rose
                  




               
            . (See Sixth Session, p. 564.)
ELIZABETH ROSE. I now live at No. 25, Richmond-street; but at the time in question I lived in Great James-street, right opposite the church. On the 22d of May, in the morning, I met the prisoner in the Edgeware-road


; I was taking a walk, not being very well - I work at tailor
ing - I met her a little before six o'clock in the morning; (I used for some weeks to get up at five o'clock to take a walk before I began work) - she was quite a stranger to me; when I met her she spoke to me about a young man bringing a shawl and bonnet there, to a stall belonging to a young woman who had made away with herself; she asked if I saw it, I said I did; we began conversing together; I said she might go home and have breakfast with me, and she went home and breakfasted with me; and I laid down a little while, having a pain in my feet and ancles - this was about eight o'clock - I awoke in a very little time, it might be a quarter of an hour, and the first thing that I missed was my shawl, then a blue and white handkerchief, a collar, a cap, and a pair of shoes, all of which had been in my room - the prisoner was gone - I spoke to a policeman, and he went and found her about eleven o'clock - I went to a pawnbroker, and found my shawl; I have it on now, it is the same.


                  THOMAS 
                  NEWTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker and live in Edgeware-road. I produced a shawl here last Sessions which was pawned with me by Rachel Harman.


                  RACHEL 
                  HARMAN
               



            . I am an unfortunate girl. I have known the prisoner nearly three years; she is an unfortunate girl like myself - I pawned a shawl for her with that young man.


                  DENNIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am a policeman. I was in the Edgeware-road on the 22nd of May, about a quarter to eleven o'clock - the prosecutrix told me what had occurred; I told her to go with me - we went to Cato-street, Soho, and found the prisoner in bed - I found a basket there containing two glasses, a cap, and a collar; and the prosecutrix had found a handkerchief and duplicate, which lead us to the pawnbroker - I asked the prosecutrix, if the prisoner was the girl, she said, she was; she denied having robbed her; I told her to dress herself, and brought her to the station-house.
ELIZABETH ROSE. I am a widow. The shawl is mine - I lost a basket and the collar I have on; I found the collar in the basket - she said, she was sorry she had done such a thing, and would never do so again.
Prisoner's Defence. She took me home to breakfast - we had something to drink - I got intoxicated, and do not know whether I took the things or not.


                  DENNIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . She was not intoxicated when I saw her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
