





250. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  TYLER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of October
, 1 watch, value 7l.; 2 seals, value 30s., and 1 watch-key, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Vallance
                     




                  , from his person
            .
HENRY VALLANCE. I was in Chancery-lane


 on the 31st of October - I had hold of Mr. Nuttall's arm: there had been a fire, and we were looking at one of the engines - there was no crowd at that time; I saw the prisoner before me - there was then a rush - the prisoner came up against me; I felt my watch going, and saw him draw his hand from me; I touched him, and said, "You have got my watch;" he got from me - I went again to take him, and he got between two men; I made a rush, and seized him again - he said, "Search me," but the watch was gone.
Prisoner. Q.Did not I say, "Search me?" A. Yes, you did, the second time, but not the first' just as your body passed me I felt the watch go from me.


                  HENRY 
                  CONSTABLE NOTTALL
               



            . I was walking arm-in-arm with the prosecutor; all on a sudden, when one of the engines came up, there was a rush, and we were surrounded - I said to the prisoner, "Let go my arm, or you will hurt it;" he did so, and we got nearly facing each other - a person then brushed past me, and I turned round- Mr. Vallance said, "I have lost my watch;" I saw the prisoner go to two men with his hands closed - the prosecutor touched him, and said, "You have my watch;" he said, "I have not, you may search me;" an officer came up, and he was taken.


                  CHARLES 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a patrol. I was standing watching the gang - there were four or five of them, and they had hustled three or four persons before they bustled the prosecutor; I heard the prosecutor say he had lost his watch, and took the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am a patrol. I was standing by, and heard the prosecutor say he had lost his watch - I took the prisoner, but found nothing on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to see the fire - I was coming towards Fleet-street, and this gentleman said I had taken his watch.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
