





1413. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HUGHES
               




            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of July
, 921 pieces of ivory, value 29l.; 1 thermometer, value 6s.; 1 bottle of Eau de Cologne, value 2s.; 2 knife sharpeners, value 6s.; 12 cotton-reels, value 3s.; 1 china ornament, value 1s. 6d.; 12 pincushions, value 5s.; the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Staight
                     




                  , his master
            .
MR. BASSETT conducted the Prosecution.
THOMAS STAIGHT. I live in Bartlett's-buildings


, and am an ivory-turner
 - the prisoner was in my employ upwards of three years - in consequence of information, I went to the office, and Lloyd produced one hundred and twenty ivory miniature leaves, which I was able to identify - theseare them - they are worth about 5l. - we then went and searched his lodgings, and found eight hundred pieces all together.
Cross-examined by MR. STAMMERS. Q. By what means do you know them? A. They are of a particularly fine quality - some of them have passed through my hands - these are very scarce - there is a particular grain in them - these are of nearly the same quality - I cut them myself - here is one with a particular mark, which I can swear to - here is another piece I can swear to - this little ornament I can swear to, and this thermometer; we had an accident and broke it - the prisoner never bought ivory leaves of me.


                  GEORGE 
                  KERSHAW
               



            . I live at No. 17, Wilderness-row. On the 29th of July the prisoner came and brought me a sample of miniature ivory leaves - two or three of them - he said he had about one hundred, and asked me 30s. for them - I deal in such articles - I suppose they are worth 5l. or 6l. - I told him, when he produced the sample, I could not say any thing to the price unless I saw the whole - he returned in about an hour, and brought one hundred and twenty-nine - I told him he must go with me - I was going to take him to Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Staight
               



            , the prosecutor's brother - I said I supposed they were stolen - when he got to Hatton-garden he refused to go any further - I took him by the collar, and took him to the office.
Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear to these other pieces? A. I think I can from my giving them to the officer - one piece has my writing on it.


                  ANDREW 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am an officer - the prisoner was given to me, on the 29th of July - I received this ivory from Mr. Kershaw - I went with the prosecutor to the prisoner's lodgings, and found these articles.(Property produced and sworn to.)(
               
                  Thomas 
                  Tyler
               



            , a carpenter; 
               
                  Edward 
                  Lane
               



            , a painter, of Bedford-street, Commercial-road; 
               
                  James 
                  Starrs
               



            , a chairmaker; 
               
                  James 
                  Gray
               



            , of Rolls'-buildings, a glass-shade maker; 
               
                  John 
                  Faulkner
               



            , general-dealer; and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Tabbut
               



            , a carpenter, gave the prisoner a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
