



2080. 




ANN WILSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of August, 1 bag, value 1s. 10d.;7 yards of ribbon, value 2s.; 4 yards of net, value 2s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; 1 purse, Value 6d.; 1 half-crown, 6 shillings, 2 pence, and 4 half-pence, the goods and monies of 



Ann Robins; and 1 handkerchief, value 6d., the goods of 



Alexander Bell.







ANN ROBINS
. I live at Upper Clapton, and am servant to Alexander Bell. About half-past three o'clock on the 11th of August I saw the prisoner at the gate—I thought my fellow-servant would answer her—the prisoner went down into the kitchen—I saw her go out—I had left my bag on the table in the kitchen when I went up stairs, and when I came down I missed it—it contained the articles stated—having missed it I thought 1 must have moved it—I did not think any more of it till the policeman came in the evening to ask me if I bad lost any thing—I have since seen the things—they are mine—they were secure five minutes before she came into the house—there was a handkerchief belonging to my master—this is it—I don't know whether she had a basket—she had a large cloak on. Prisoner. I did not take them—I know nothing of them.





JOHN CONNELL
 (police-constable R 138.) My brother-officer searched the prisoner, and found the bag on her—I took her in Upper Clapton, at near four o'clock.

WILLIAMARKILL (police-constable R 68.) The prisoner was brought to the station-house by Connell on the 11th of August—she was desired to pull off her cloak, and inside there was a large pocket, which contained the bag and these articles in it.

Prisoner. I was walking to London—there was another female walking, and she asked me what time it was—I said I did not know—she then asked me to hold this bag while she tied her boot lace—we walked on till we came to a large gentleman's house—she said, "Will you wait here? I want to go ill; "and I said, "I want a sister of mine, but I don't know where she lives"—I gave her a description of her, and she said she would

inquire—she returned in a quarter of an hour, and then she had a watch in her hand, and asked me to pledge it—I said I did not mind—I said, "Did you inquire about this female?"—she said she forgot—I said I would go and ask; and I went and knocked, and no one came—I was coming away, and then a servant came and said I had stolen a watch—I said no, I had not—I walked a little way, she went back again, and then ran after me, and said she thought I had got a watch—I said I had, but a female gave it me—I did not know whether she had taken it or not, but the female was outside—I went to the gate, but the female was gone—she said, "If you give me the watch you may go, if my spoons are safe"—I said the watch was not mine, and I gave it her, and she sent for the policeman, who took me—he said he knew me to be a common thief; and then they brought me to the station, and told me to pull off my cloak, which I did, and this reticule was in the pocket—I did not steal either of them—they were given to me by the woman—I have only been in town one month.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
