






1068. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  WALLACE
               




             and 
               
                  REBECCA 
                  HISCOX
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of April
, 1 pillow-case, value 1s.; 9 pieces of lace, value 10s.; 2 pieces of silk, value 3s.; 1 collar, value 9d.; 1 pincushion, value 3d.; 4 yards of ribbon, value 3s.; 5 yards of crape, value 15s.; 1 umbrella, value 10s.; 1 sheet, value 5s.; 1 pocket, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; and 1 apron, value 3s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Taylor
               




            , since deceased.
MR. BODKIN conducted the Prosecution.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . My husband's name was John - we kept the Duke of York public-house, in Salmon-lane, Stepney




 - in January, 1833, there was a fire - the prisoners were burnt out, and my husband took them in, and they remained three months at our house - they got the property stated by false keys - the first night the female prisoner slept in our house, I missed a purse with 3s. 6d. in it - I afterwards missed a gold watch, an umbrella, and a variety of other property, to the amount of more than 100l. - the prisoners left my house without our having suspicion of them - the female prisoner went by the name of Mrs. Wallace - I met Mrs. Jones some time after the prisoners had left, and she showed me a duplicate which related to my umbrella - I went to the pawnbroker's, and found it was mine - this is it - I made every exertion to discover the prisoners; and about Christmas last I found the man was in Whitecross-street prison, and the woman in Clerkenwell.
Wallace. Before Christmas her husband served me with a writ, and she could not help seeing me - the reason of her giving me in charge is, she had some private distilled spirits of me, which came to £5. Witness. There was no animosity between us; and I had no writ against him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRAND
               



            . I am one of the City marshall's men - on the 26th of December, I had a warrant from the Lord Mayor, and went to No. 12, Horse-ride, Little Moorfields - I found two boxes there, and the articles which I now produce; a pillow-case, with J. S. T. on it; some lace; some black ribbon; a shirt-collar; a pincushion, and a quantity of carpet - I went the same day to Whitecross-street prison, where I saw the prisoner Wallace - I searched him, and found on him two keys, which I took to the place, and they opened the boxes where these things had been.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEST
               



            . In the course of last year I removed two boxes to No. 12, Horse-ride, for the prisoner Wallace - he went with me - I saw the female prisoner there, and she paid me - I put them in the lower room.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STENT
               



            . I keep the house, No. 12, Horseride. The prisoners asked my permission to put two boxes there, which they did - they are the same the officer searched - both the prisoners were there, and had access to the boxes - I think I have seen the keys in the female prisoner's hand - I called at the House of Correction, and saw the female prisoner - she sent me to Newgate for a bundle she had left there - I went for it - they charged 1s. 6d. for it - I had not 1s. 6d. then, and I called and got it the next day - it contained this cap.


                  EDITH 
                  STENT
               



            . I used to wash for the prisoners - I had an apron of theirs, which I gave to Lee - I have seen the two boxes; and the prisoners have treated them as their own - my little girl was sent to pawn some silk for them, and afterwards went to redeem it.


                  MARY 
                  ANN STENT
               



            . I was sent by the prisoner Wallace to pawn this piece of silk - he told me to get 2s. for it; but I could only get 1s. - I gave my mother the duplicate, I went with my mother to get the silk out again - the prisoner then lived at No. 5, White-street.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  JONES
               



            . I live in Cable-street, St. George's. I remember the time of the fire, and the two prisoners living at Mr. Taylor's - last April twelve months the female prisoner came to see me, and dropped a duplicate - I took it up, and it was of an umbrella for 3s. - she said it was no use to her: I might keep it - I sent for Mrs. Taylor, and gave it her.


                  JOHN 
                  LEPHARD
               



            . I have an umbrella pawned at Mr. Fleming's in April, 1833, in the name of Mary Green - here is a copy of the duplicate I gave; but it was renewed, and a new duplicate given.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LANEE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Broad-street, Ratcliff. I know the female prisoner by coming to the shop - I have a sheet which she pawned on the 29th of April, 1833, with a number of other things, for 28s.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I am a police-officer. I went to Whitecross-street and took the man - the next day I went to the House of Correction and took the woman - she had been six months there in the name of Mary Wand, andher time expired that day - this pocket was taken from her, and this handkerchief.
MRS. TAYLOR. These things are all mine, and were all on our premises when my husband suffered the prisoners to be there - my husband died on the 8th of April last.
Hiscox. Q. Did you ever send me to pawn things for you? A. No; you never went to Mr. Ward's and released a shift for me, and then bought it of me - I never sent you to pawn Wallace's clothes.
COURT. Q. How much did you lose? A. More than 100l. worth - the prisoners had the two best rooms in my house - the first night they came, I began to lose things - suspicion fell on my servant.
Wallace's Defence. I went to lodge with Mr. Taylor, and I was at that time in the habit of keeping private stills, for which I suffered by the Excise, and paid the fine - Mr. Taylor asked me to get him some spirits - I got him four gallons and one quart, and he said, "Let it stand till your pay comes due" - he then had some more, and he would not pay me - I went to the magistrate about it, and then he said he would give me in charge for stealing a gold watch: and I went to the Board of Excise, and laid information, and he got fined £25 - he then went out of spite and got me arrested, and when I was in prison they had me taken for this.
MR. TAYLOR. I am an attorney - I served a writ on the prisoner for Mr. Perkins - these articles were not in his schedule.
WALLACE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
HISCOX - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
