



1217. 




GEORGE HILL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of April, at 
St. James's, Westminster, 1 watch, value 20l.; 1 watch chain, value 2l.; 4 seals, value 2l. 10s.; 1 split ring, value 1s.; 1 pin, value 1s.; 1 watch key, value 2s.; 1 locket, value 2s.; 2 watch books, value 4s., the goods of 



Thomas Hayes, in the dwelling-house of 



John Field.






MARIA HAYES
. I am the wife of Thomas Hayes. We were lodging in the dwelling-house of John Field, in Bennet-street, in the parish of St. James at the time in question—I do not know the prisoner—I placed my watch in a wardrobe, in my bed-room, on the second floor—I saw it there at 5 o'clock, on the 14th of April, and about 12 o'clock that night it was gone.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were the articles belonging to you or your husband? A. They had been given to me by him, and were ornaments for my person—the property I lost is worth 25l.





MARY HARRIS
. I am servant to Mr. John Field. The prisoner visited me—he came on the 14th of April, about half-past eight, and remained two or three hours—I was up and down stairs—he was not up-stairs to my knowledge—not while I was in the house—he sitting in the kitchen—I was up and down into every room in the house—I went into the garret, and had to turn three beds down, which took me some time—he might have slipped up-stairs in that time.

Cross-examined. Q. Now, do you mean to say, during the time you were in the house with the prisoner, he had any opportunity of taking the articles without your knowledge? A. I went out of the house for beer about ten o'clock—the prisoner went about eleven—I was not taken into custody myself—I went into the country after this—I did not go to avoid

being apprehended on this charge—the Bow-street officer came, and told me, that he must take me, and knowing myself perfectly innocent of the watch, I was deranged in my mind, and went into the country—I was not aware where the prosecutrix kept her articles—I never saw the watch, during the time she was in the house, and I told her so the next day, and she said, "I dare say you have not, for I had worn it up to that night"—I did not receive any money shortly after this—I did not give notice that I was going to leave—I absconded—I went to Kew the first night, and next day a brother's, at Chertsey—I remained about two or three days, and then I wrote to my mistress.

Q. Did not you, yourself, deliver the prisoner these very things, and tell him they were yours? A. I did not—I did not see him again, till I saw him in the hands of the Bow-street officer, at master's office—I saw the officer about one o'clock in the day, and went off by an omnibus about eight o'clock at night.

COURT. Q. How long had you lived with Mr. Field? A. I lived with him five years once before, and I Left another situation to come to him again—I am the only servant, and have the entire charge of the house—he is married—I did not meet the prisoner after I left my master's house—I did not see him till he was in custody—I went away on the Tuesday—the watch was lost on the Thursday.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did not you see the prisoner between the times of the loss of the watch and your running away? A. I met him the next morning, at the top of Crown Court, and told him a watch had been lost in the house, but which way it was lost I could not positively tell—he said, "Well, if you know nothing about it, you have no occasion to worry your mind about it"—I never suspected he knew any thing about it.





ZADOCK WOOLF
. I am a clothes salesman, and live in Monmouth-street. A person, in livery, brought the watch to me, on Friday, the 15th of April—I stopped it—I don't know the person—he was dressed in a green livery frock coat, with gold lace—was about twenty-five years of age to the best of my recollection—he ran out of the shop when I stopped the watch, and left it in my possession—I thought the man was five or six years older than the prisoner—I found he did not come back, and went to Marlborough-street and saw the Magistrate about it—the watch was given into Key's possession, and returned to me at the office.





MARY HARRIS
. The prisoner does wear a green livery—my master's house is in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square—I am single—I had lived in the same service with the prisoner, at Mr. Kaley's once.





HENRY TURNER
. I am shopman to Mr. Fleming, a pawnbroker, at the corner of Lower John-street. I produce two watch books and a seal, which were pawned on the 15th of April, by a young man, in livery—I don't recollect what livery—I think the prisoner resembles the man, but I can't swear to him—I believe he is the man.





JAMES ALDOUS
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Berwick-street. I produce three seals which were pawned on the 15th of April, by the prisoner—he was dressed in a short fustian coat, not in livery—I swear he is the person.





THOMAS FARRANT
. I am policeman. I have the watch.
(Property produced and scorn to)




GUILTY of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house. Aged 20. 


Transported for Seven Years.


First Jury, before Mr. Justice Littledale

