




405. 




JAMES BARRATT
 and 




WILLIAM HOUGH
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
5th of December, 7 lbs. weight of bacon, value 3s. 6d., the goods of 



William Toplye; and that Barratt had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM TOPLEY
. I am grocer and cheesemonger in Trafalgar-road, Greenwich. On the night of the 5th of December, I missed two pieces of bacon from my shop—these are them—(looking at them)—I have two pieces that match them—I had not seen the prisoner about the shop.





JOHN PENNY
. On the 5th of December, at twenth minutes to eight o'clock, I saw Barratt and another young man close to Mr. Topley's shop—Barratt had a handkerchief in his hand—after a little while they walked across the

road—then Barratt walked towards the shop, and the other man went to a court—in a few minutes they were both gone.

Barratt. Q. How can you swear to me? A. I have known him two years, but never spoke to him.





DANIEL RIORDAN
, (police-constable R 207.) At half-past eight o'clock on Wednesday evening, the 3rd of December, I received information, and went after the prisoners—I found Barratt with another young man—I questioned him where he had been—he said he had come from Woolwich—I was not satisfied—I took him to Mr. Topley's, and Penny said Barratt was the man that had been about the shop—I took Barratt at his own house, and not knowing his house, I went into Hough's house first—I looked into a cupboard there, and saw a handkerchief, and in it three pieces of bacon—I took him, and went to Barratt's, which is next door, and there found one more piece of bacon—I took them to Mr. Topley's, and he claimed them—I went to Hough, because they had been in company together—I have seen them in company.

Hough's Defence. The policeman came, knocked at the door, and said, did I know Barratt—I said I did not—he looked at a young man in my place, and said, "Do you know him?"—he said, "Yes, he lives next door"—I had bought this bacon in London—he took me to Barratt's house—Penny stated that the other young man or me was with Barratt—he could not tell which—I wanted the policeman to go to the house where I bought the bacon.

Witness. He did not tell me the shop, nor say I should go with him.





WILLIAM CHAPMAN
. I produce a certificate of Barratt's former conviction at Maidstone (read)—the prisoner is the man that was tried and convicted.

BARRATT*—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

HOUGH—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—



Confined Six Months.
