




1050. 




WILLIAM HYATT
 and 




MATTHEW HOLDHAM
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
26th of February, 1 handkerchief value 2s., the goods of 



George Fairweather, from his person.






GEORGE FAIRWEATHER
. I am footman to Mrs. Vance, of Down-shire-hill, Hampstead. On Tuesday evening, the 26th of February, was in High-street, St. Giles's, and a man took a red silk handkerchief put, of my pocket, which I had seen safe an hour before—I have not found it.





JOSEPH TYLER
. I am a butcher, and live in Phoenix-street, Crown-street, Soho. On 26th of February I was in High-street, and saw the two, prisoners, in company with another, go behind the prosecutor—I saw Holdham draw a handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket, and hand it over to Hyatt, who directly drew back, and made a stand-still—an omnibus was coming down Oxford-street, and a coal-cart up High-street—they did not know which way to turn—I stood looking between the omnibus and. coal-cart, and the moment the cart passed, Holdham started down High-street, and the other ran off—the constable caught hold of Holdham, and Hyatt ran into Monmouth-street—he got under a post, and I fell, by treading upon a piece of orange-peel—finding he had got the best of me, he turned up his fingers, made a motion to me, and I lost him all in a moment, but I have not the least doubt of him.





WILLIAM PARSONS
. I am a policeman. I was on duty in High-street, and saw Holdham pick the prosecutor's pocket of a red silk handkerchief and hand it to Hyatt, who immediately ran off with it—I could

have secured both, but the omnibus passed at the time—Holdham ran down High-street—I secured him while Tyler ran after Hyatt.

Hyatt's Defence. I am innocent of the charge—I worked for Mr. Wilkins, of Long-acre.

Holdham's Defence. I was standing there—a woman told the gentleman his pocket was picked, and said I was the man, but I did not do it—Hyatt was not there at all.
(Hyatt received a good character.)

HYATT—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Three Months.

HOLDHAM*—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.
