



888. 




WILLIAM BROWNE
 was indicted

for feloniously receiving of a certain evil-disposed person, 9 trusses of hay, value 25s., the goods of 



John King.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM FENN
. I keep the Old George Inn, at Edgeware—the prisoner was my ostler. On the 4th of December, I received information from Ham the constable, and spoke to the prisoner on the subject—he was in bed at the time, it was about eight o'clock in the morning—I went round my premises with Ham, but could not find any trace of hay on my premises—I told the prisoner I understood Mr. King had been robbed of some hay, and asked if he knew any thing about it—he positively denied knowing any thing about it—I asked him if any hay had come on the premises—he said there had been none brought there during the night—I said nothing more to him then—I called him into my room in the evening, and told him I had my doubts about it whether he did not know something about it—I saw his countenance change, and said, "I am satisfied you are concerned in the robbery, now tell me all about it"—I did not say it would be better for him to tell me, or worse if he did not—he said he did know something about it; that Hammond stole it, and brought it to him, and he received it; that he put it somewhere in my back premises, and Halsey took it to London—he did not say where it was taken to—I have a barn or

shed at the back of my premises, about two or three hundred yards from where the hay was taken, it is within sight of it—I said nothing more to him—I saw the prisoner pay a sovereign and 5s. to my wife, but did not hear him say what it was for—I heard my wife ask Mr. King whether, if he got paid for the hay, he would let the matter drop, and he said, "Yes"—that the value was 25s.—my wife took the 25s. from the prisoner's hands, and gave it to Mr. King, who took it—that was in my parlour—I had sent for Mr. King—the prisoner was standing outside the bar at the time—he could see the money paid, but could not hear what was said.





WILLIAM HAM
. I am a constable of Edgeware. On the morning of the 4th of December I received information of the loss of some hay from a rick in Mr. King's field, near the Old George—I tracked the hay by footmarks in the grass, to a shed of Mr. Fenn's, from 200 to 300 yards from the rick, in sight of it—a person standing outside the shed could see what was going on in the field—it is in a direct line—in consequence of what I heard, I went to the Horse Bazaar—I took a truss of hay from there, took it to Mr. King's rick, and it matched it—there were two or three hedges between the rick and the shed, and a portion of hay hung on the hedges, and some lay close outside the shed door, not inside—it corresponded with the bay in the rick—there were distinct footmarks of two persons from the rick—I did not try the prisoner's shoes.

COURT. Q. Were the hedges high enough to exclude the sight of what was going on from a person standing outside the shed? A. No, they were low—a person might see the whole transaction—he could not see if it was dark—I do not recollect what sort of a night it was—it was a dewy morning—it would take more than one person to get the hay over the hedges, well—I got information where it was gone, from one of the Halseys, who took it there—Halsey was tried here, and acquitted—the prisoner was not here then.—(See Second Session, page 331.)





JOHN KING
. I am a farmer at Edgeware. On the night of the 3rd of December I had some bay in my field which had been sold to Mr. Tootel—it had been cut from the rick, trussed, and laid there ready for delivery—next morning it was gone—I afterwards saw a truss produced by Ham, and to the best of my judgment it was part of what I had sold to Mr. Tootel—I was sent for to Fenn's the same evening, and Mrs. Fenn gave me 25s. as the value of my hay—she would not let me know who the prisoner was, till I had taken the money—I afterwards saw the prisoner, and he told me he had given Mrs. Fenn 25s. to pay for the hay—Mrs. Fenn said before him that he was one of the men concerned in it, and that there were three or four—he said he was very sorry.

COURT. Q. Did not Mrs. Fenn ask you if you would let the matter drop if you were paid? A. Yes, I said I would—I wanted to find out who the thieves were; that was my motive—I lost nine trusses—a man could only carry one at a time—there are four hedges between the shed and my rick—nobody sleeps in the shed, that I am aware of.





WILLIAM FENN

re-examined. No one slept in the shed—the prisoner slept in the house—he is up all night, and in bed in the day time—ours is a night-house—I am up the best part of the night as well.

Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the hay in my life, and know nothing at all about it.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.
