







1641. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     CANNON 
                     HENSBY
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
, 19 yards of merino, value 22s
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Webb
                  




               
            .


                  JANE 
                  TOREY
               



            . I live with 
               
                  George 
                  Webb
               



            , a linen-draper
; in Shoreditch


. On the 29th of September I was behind the counter in the evening - the prisoner, Smith, came in with a man, who is not in custody - the man asked for a piece of ribbon - he looked at some, and hesitated, and said, "Have you not something better?" - I showed him some better, and then he said he wanted it stouter - I showed him some other, he then said, "Have you not something different?" - I said, "This is what we sell for shoe-ribbon" - Smith stood behind him the whole time - I asked him if they belonged together - he said,"Yes" - I cut the man off a yard of ribbon, and he put me down 6d. - I went to the till and gave him change - he hesitated a moment, and I said, "Is there any other article?" he said, "Yes; I will take a ball of worsted" - I went to get it, and gave it him - he then gave me a penny, and they went out of the shop - a woman came in, and from her information I ascertained that I had lost a piece of merino from off the counter.
Cross-examined by MR. STAMMERS. Q. Was any body else in the shop? A. When they entered, a woman was just leaving.


                  MARIA 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am single, and live at No. 184, Church-street, Shoreditch. On the evening of the 29th of September, I happened to be looking in at Mr. Webb's window- I saw Hensby and Jones looking in at the other window- I then saw Smith come out of the shop, and another lad with him, who is not in custody - the other lad had a piece of merino - Smith said, "Over the road and down the alley," and they all ran off together - they ran about half-way across the road, then separated; and Smith and the one not in custody, went down the alley, and the other two went on to Bishopsgate - I gave information to the witness - the merino appeared to me to be a puce colour by candle-light.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you known them before? A. Yes; all the four.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. Was the person who is not in custody, a man or a boy? A. A young man; I suppose he is twenty or twenty-one - he ran down the alley and Smith after him - I had known Smith before- the other had the merino - I saw it in his right hand just by the door - he was not running at that moment - I saw it fly open, and I know it was merino - I will not swear it was- it was about a quarter-past seven o'clock in the evening.


                  JANE 
                  TOREY
               



            . It was a piece of merino we lost from off the counter - it was between a crimson and a puce colour.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. How long before had you seen it? A. About ten minutes, I had shown it to a customer.
GEORGE WEBB. I live at No. 18, Shoreditch. I had the piece of merino in my shop, and missed it - it has not been found since.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you any partner? A. No - this was my own property - I do not pay any person in my employ according to the profit I make.


                  ROBERT 
                  McGOVERN
               



             (police-constable H 53). On the evening of the 29th of September, I apprehended the three prisoners together in a public-house at the back of Shoreditch church, soon after ten o'clock - I found 1s. 10d. on each of two of them, and 1s. 7d. on the other.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HENSBY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
JONES - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
