



479. 




THOMAS WILLIAMSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of December, 2 spoons, value 2l., the goods of 



Joseph Scott, his master.






HENRY COTTAM
. I am shopman to a pawnbroker, in the Minories. I produce two silver table-spoons which were pawned by the prisoner in the name of John Carty, for Joseph Scott, on the 22nd of December, for 15s.—I am clear the prisoner is the person—he had pawned at the shop before—he gave his address in Cooper's-row, which is on the duplicate.

Prisoner. I pawned them for Mr. Scott—they were given me by him to pawn.





ELIZA FRANCES LOCK STONE
. I am servant to Mr. Joseph Scott, of Walcot-place, Kennington-road. These are his spoons—I saw them safe on the morning of the 22nd of December—before the prisoner came to the house, they were on the table in the kitchen—the prisoner had been discharged from Mr. Scott's service on the 20th.





JAMES BLACKHALL
. I was a police-constable. I took the prisoner, and found three duplicates on him—one is of these spoons.





HENRY COTTAM
. This is the duplicate I gave him.





JOSEPH SCOTT
. These are my spoons—I did not employ the prisoner to pawn them at any other time.

Prisoner. He gave me the spoons to paws when I dined over the water, and said they had been lost for some time. Witness. No, I never did—he slept in my warehouse—I did not find my property right till the last—I took stock from one week to another, and the things were correct then, but previous to that I had missed goods—I discharged the prisoner on Saturday, the 20th of December—he went to my house afterwards, and took the spoons.

COURT. Q. What do you mean by saying the stock was right from week to week? A. It was not right when I first took stock—five handkerchiefs were missing, but from that time there was no further deficiency.

Prisoner. He says it was five handkerchiefs, that is not correct—they were five opera ties, which I never saw—when I left him he took stock, and all was right—he knows nothing about his own warehouse—he comes at nine o'clock in the morning, and sits down drinking ale and brandy, and does not know what he is doing—he employed me to pawn these spoons.





JOSEPH SCOTT
. I declare I never did—I had seen the opera ties about a fortnight before I missed them.




GUILTY
 of stealing only. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.
