





258. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of December
, 1 sheet, value 5s., and 1 bracelet, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Franklin
                  




               
            .
ELIZABETH FRANKLIN. I live in New Tethill-street


. The prisoner lodged in another room in the same house, for six months - I lost this property.


                  JAMES 
                  DEEDY
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Jones, a pawnbroker. I have a sheet, brought by Lawbridge, on the 6th of December, but we had received information, and gave her into custody.


                  MARY 
                  LOWBRIDGE
               



            . I am an unfortunate girl. I have known the prisoner some time - she gave me this sheet, and told me to pawn it; she said it belonged to herself- I was detained; I met her at the King's Head, in Orchard-street - she works at her needle; I never was at the prosecutor's.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLIFTON
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, and went to the prosecutrix, to ascertain how she had been robbed - I found the window and door fast; I went and got a search warrant - while I was there the pawnbroker's young man came with Lowbridge, and the sheet; I then went and searched the prisoner's lodging, and in the bed I found this bracelet - the key of the prisoner's room door unlocks the prosecutor's door as easy as the key that belongs to it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went to another person to ask her to lend me 2s. - she said she had no money, but gave me the sheet to raise the money.


                  HONOR 
                  GREAVE
               



            . I lodge at the same house, and have worked at the army-work for twenty-two years. The prisoner never asked me such a thing, and I never gave her the sheet.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
