





40. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     HUNTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of November
, 1 copper, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Field
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building
            ; against the Statute.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PAKE
               



            . I lodge at No. 60, Monmouth-street, St. Giles'


: Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Field
               



             is the owner of the house - this copper was fixed secure on the 3rd of November; I was at home, about eleven o'clock in the day, in the front kitchen, where I lodge and work - my wife went into the back kitchen, and she said, "Bill, here is a man with the copper in his hand, run up the front way" -(we have an entrance from the street to our kitchen) - I ran up, and took the prisoner at the door; he had dropped the copper into its place again, when my wife saw him: we had used it ourselves every week; I held him till the officer came - he was quite a stranger.
Prisoner. Q.Was there any water in the copper when you saw it last? A. Yes, between three and four pails; I did not see you in the back kitchen - it was regularly fixed; you had emptied part of the water out with a large baking-dish, lifted the rest out in the copper, and poured the water out.


                  ANN 
                  PAKE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I had used the copper on the Friday before, and when I went into the back kitchen on the day stated, the prisoner had the copper out, and was pouring the water about the kitchen - I ran back, and told my husband; he went out with me - the prisoner placed the copper loosely in its place, and my husband stopped him in the passage; the copper was fixednear my door, but my child was crying, and I did not hear it taken out; our street door is open, but not the back kitchen - it is only for the use of the lodgers in the house.
Prisoner's Defence. I was sent to the house, to a tailor named Conner, to tell him to call on a person about a coat- I met a person coming out; I asked if Conner was at home - they said they did not know, but I had better go up stairs; I went up, and left my message, and when I came down I was stopped on suspicion of stealing this copper; but I would ask if it were possible for an individual like me to remove a copper with four pails of water in it? and again, it was a very dark place; the woman could not distinguish my person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
