



42. 




JAMES CANNON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of October, 3lbs. 8ozs. of indigo, value 17s. 6d., the goods of the 

St. Katharine Dock Company.






SAMUEL BADDELEY
. I am a constable in the service of the St. Katherine Dock Company. On the 27th of October, about one o'clock, the prisoner came into the Dock for a chest of indigo—he left his horse and cart opposite the gate, and turned to the right, which leads to the quay—he returned in about ten minutes from the lower end of the warehouse, and moved his horse and cart about twenty yards, which caused my suspicion—I kept my eye on him—he stooped under the cart, took his hat off, and put something into the bag which was under the axletree—I went to him, and asked what he had got in the the bag—he said, "Nothing"—I looked, and found this indigo in it, which weighs 1lb. 10ozs.—I then asked where he got it from—he said a person gave it to him in the street—I asked if he knew the person—he said only by sight—I took him to

the Dock-house, and, on searching him, found this other parcel of indigo, weighing 1lb. 14ozs., in his breeches' pocket—it is the property of the company—he went to where the indigo was, for his order.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. He came for a chest of indigo? A. Yes—he had got it in his cart—it is my duty to stand at the Dockgate to let people in and out—I have been there eight years—I saw the prisoner go in—this large quantity was in his two pockets—he had an apron on—I did not perceive it bulge out.





WILLIAM HENRY FREEMANTLE
. I am foreman of the indigo department. I saw the prisoner on the 27th, coming on the indigo floor—he came up the wrong way—the office to which he should have gone was at the western end, but he came up the eastern end, which caused him to go along through several rooms of indigo, in one of which were about two hundred chests of indigo, which had been shown to the trade, and they had a bag nailed over them, to keep them from the dust—after the prisoner was gone, Baddeley came and told me what he had found—I went the same way, and in the room through which the prisoner must have passed. I found a bag torn up from a chest of indigo, and a quantity of it was drawn—the indigo in that chest agreed exactly in quality, and the brand-mark, with that found on the prisoner—I had seen it safe before, and there was just the vacancy which this would have occasioned—Baddeley came to me again, and said he had found another quantity of indigo, and I found this had been taken from another chest, which has a different mark on it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you say that immediately before the prisoner came, you had seen them all safe? A. No, not immediately—they had been covered over two days before—there is no public thoroughfare there, but I did not hinder the prisoner going that way—many persons might have got there—the indigo is not all of the same quality—the chest the prisoner had was secured down, nailed, and hooped—he had no opportunity of opening it.




GUILTY
.—Aged 35. 


Transported for Seven Years.
