



1989. 




JOHN JENNINGS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
23rd of August, 9 half-crowns, 30 shillings, and 15 sixpences, the monies of 



Horatio Nathaniel Phillips his master; and that the had been before convicted of felony.






HORATIO NATHANIEL PHILLIPS
. I keep the Swan public-house, Hungerford Market. On Sunday, the 23rd of August, the prisoner was assistant to my waiter—between three and four o'clock that afternoon, I examined the till, and found my wife had placed 5l. of silver in it—It was made up in parcels of 1l. each—I cleared the till the moment before I went to dinner, making up 6l. in parcels of 1l. each—while I was at dinner, the prisoner was waiting upon my family—I had two persons in the parlour, in a distant part of the house—they did not go into the bar—I knew the prisoner was in the bar, and asked my daughter why he was there—I did not speak to the prisoner—about a quarter before four o'clock, I went into the bar by one door, and missed 3l. out of the 6l.—I suspected the prisoner, and spoke to the waiter who had engaged him—I afterwards charged him with the theft—he said he had not taken it—I requested to see what he had got about him—he pulled from his waistcoat 3l. 5s. in silver—I am sure no one had entered the bar, from the time I left it, and before the doors were opened, which we do not open till half-past four o'clock—I gave the silver to the officer.

Prisoner. Q. On the Sunday afternoon, were there not two men sitting in your parlour, right opposite the bar, where the silver was taken from? A. No; they were in a room, a great distance from the bar.

Prisoner. The parlour was not above two yards from the till—one of them drank gin-and-water; the other, a pint of ale.





GEORGE WEBB
. I am an officer. I took the prisoner and asked where he got the money from, or how he came to carry it about him, as he was waiter—he said he received it from his uncle at the Dublin Castle—I got

this money from the witness; and at the station-house, I found nine half-crowns and a sixpence more upon the prisoner.





CHRISTOPHER DOWNER
. I am waiter there. The prisoner was under me—I left him in charge of the place at dinner-time—I came up from the cellar, and cleared the cloth—I then heard of this.





JOHN HILL
. I am an officer of Cripplegate. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, in the name of John Jennings—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the man.

Prisoner's Defence. I was in my master's employ ten weeks—I had 2l. sent me from my last employer, and the other money I received in his service—these other two men were not two yards from where the money was taken—our counter is not more than a yard wide—I have not taken his money—the two men could prove that they did not see me in the bar—t ey were there from half-past two till four o'clock.

JURY
to
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What was the money in? A. It was rolled in small bits of old newspapers—I endeavoured to find them, but could not—when I found the prisoner, he was beside the kitchen fire—the prisoner said he received it from his uncle, Mr. Mountjoy, of the Dublin Castle; but afterwards, he said he had saved it in my service.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
