



2205. 




JOHN CALLAHAN
 was indicted

 for embezzling the sums of 3l. 2s.; 2l. 17s.; and 3l. 12s.; which came into his hands and possession as servant to the 

Committee of Management of the Affairs of St. Paul, Covent-garden; another set of COUNTS, stating him to be a clerk; and other COUNTS, stating the monies to have come into his possession as the servant of 



William Walker and others.


MESSRS. PHILLIPS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES CORDER
. I am clerk to the guardians of the Strand Union. From the year 1828 to 1836 I was vestry clerk of St. Paul's, Coventgarden—there are in that parish several parochial rates collected—poor's rate, church rate, improvement rate, and, under another Act of Parliament, a rector's rate—the rector's rate is raised under 51 Geo. 3, c. 150, s. 2.—tne prisoner was appointed collector of those rates—I have his appointment in the vestry book—he was elected by poll—I was vestry clerk at the time, and was present at the election—he was appointed collector of the poor, church, and improvement rates, on the 13th of June, 1829, for one year—the original appointment did not refer to the period of a year, but it is the custom to renew the appointment annually, and this appointment was renewed annually down to 1835—during my time he acted as collector of those rates—(the witness here read the minute of vestry, declaring the Prisoner to be elected collector of the parochial rates)—he was paid a pound age on the money he collected—1 per cent., which was afterwards altered to 1 1/4 —he was supplied with receipt books to give receipts to rate-payers—when a new rate was made he used to go to the printer's and order the books—there was a form of receipt, and in the margin particulars were printed to contain an abstract of the contents of the receipt he used—this other book

was presented to the sub-committee of accounts every fortnight, and represented as a correct account of what he had received during the subsequent fortnight—there was a separate account book for each rate in the course of collection—this book is the account he produced, and it was checked with the margins of the receipts which he produced at the same time—on the 27th of October, 1834, I find he charges himself with receiving the sum of 3l. 2s. from Mr. Evans, that is for one quarter's poor rate, 2l. 2s. 7 1/2 d.; a quarter's church rate, 2s., 7d.; one quarter's improvement rate, 11s. 7 1/2 d.; and one quarter's rector's rate, 5s. 2d.—it does not state up to what time this was due—on the 27th of October, 1834, there is received of Mr. T. EVANS the sum total, 3l. 2s.—in the receipt book, on the 4th of November, there 2l. 17s. is from Brown and Kay—poor rate, one quarter, 1l. 19s. 2 1/4 d; church rate, one quarter, 2s. 4 1/2 d.; improvement rate, one quarter, 10s. 8 1/4 d; rector's rate, one quarter, 4s. 9d.—the entry in the book is, Nov. 4, Brown and Kay, 2s. 17s.—on the 8th of November there is a margin in the name of Stannard for 3l. 12s.—poor rate, one quarter, 2s. 9d. 6s. church rate one quarter, 3s.; improvement rate, one quarter, 13s. 6d.; rector's rate one quarter, 6s.—the rector's rate is made by the churchwardens for the time being.

Cross-examined by
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was the renewal of his appointment confirmed by vote of vestry? A. Yes—we appoint in March—the resolution in 1834 is this: "Resolved, that Mr. John Callahan be re elected collector of the parish rates, and that he do receive a commission 1 1/4 per cent, on the amount of his collection"—the committee of management are elected by the same authority, but not always at the same time—the prisoner is a very old parishioner—he has made great exertions in the affairs of the vestry—he took the lead in all parish business—he was brass-founder and gas fitter, in Exeter-street—he was universally respected by all parties in the parish, and I believe the parish at large had the highest opinion of his honesty and integrity.

Q. Is it within your knowledge that some time previous to this he had been very much disappointed in a sale of some property to Government A. I believe he received a smaller sum than he expected by some hundreds I only know it from what he told me—he accounted to a sub-committee of the Committee of Management for the four rates received—the Committee of Management appointed the sub-committee, and they examined his accounts—we took a great deal of pains to discover him—a reward of 50l. was offered by advertisement—I do not know, of my own knowledge, how much has been recovered from his sureties, but I believe 500l.—I have ceased to be vestry clerk—the sureties ought to have been solvent persons to the amount of 2000l., but only two parties have been threatened to be used and 300l. was taken from one, and 200l. from the other—one surety is a bankrupt, and the other died some three or four years since, while I was in office—there ought to have been new ones appointed—there was no other mode of his accounting to the sub-committee, except that the sum total which he reported to them as having been received, always corresponded with his payment—he has several children—he has been in a bad state of health, and is, I believe, about sixty years old—he has not been called to any other mode of accounting except that he gave to the sub-committee.

MR. BODKIN. Q. After the sub-committee examined his statement, did he appear before the committee themselves? A. Yes—he attended their meetings—his account to the sub-committee would be reported to the com

mittee of management, and read by myself—the total amount of his deficiency, I believe, is about 1500l. or 1600l.





THOMAS EVANS
. I am a rate-payer of St. Paul, Covent-garden, and was so in October, 1834. On the 27th of October, 1834, I paid the prisoner 6l. 4s., and took this receipt for it—(looking at)—read, " Received, October 27, two quarters' Poor rate, 4l. 5s. 3d.; two quarters' Church rate, 5l. 2d.; two quarters' Improvement rate, 1l. 9s., 3d.; two quarters Rector's rate, 10s. 4d.; altogether, 6l. 4s. John Callahan, Collector. Due Michaelmas last. "

Cross-examined. Q. How lately before had you paid him any money? A. I cannot recollect—it might be half a year.





WILLIAM KAY
. I am a rate-payer, and am in partnership with Mr. Brown. On the 4th of November, 1834, I paid the prisoner 5l. 14s., and he gave me this receipt—(read)—this was for two quarters' rates.


Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. How long have you known him? A. About ten years—he bore a very respectable character—I have heard he has a large family.





WILLIAM STANNARD
. I am a rate-payer—I keep the York hotel, in Charles-street. I paid the prisoner on the 8th of November, 1834, 7l., 4s., or two quarters' rates—he gave me this receipt.

Cross-examined. Q. You have known him some time? A. Several years, and always entertained an excellent opinion of him—he has a family, and has had a great deal of illness.





GEORGE TYRRELL
. I am superintendent of the police at Liverpool. On the 21st of August, in consequence of information which reached me, I took the prisoner into custody—he was living in Scotland-road, Liverpool, going by the name of John Carter—I asked him if his name was Callahan—he said it was not—I asked if he knew the neighbourhood of Covent garden, London—he said he did not; that he came from Poole—I had a copy of the "Hue and Cry" in my pocket at the time—it contained an advertisement respecting him—I read it to him—he said he knew nothing of it—I took this book from a chest, the key of which I found on him—I took him in charge, and brought him to London.

Cross-examined. Q. What was the date of the "Hue and Cry?" A. December, 1835.





THOMAS MOSELEY
. I am now vestry-clerk of St. Paul, Covent Garden. I know the prisoner—a message was delivered to me since he was apprehended, in consequence of which I went and saw him—I told him any thing he said must be voluntary, and that it was possible I might have to give it in evidence afterwards, but I would not do it unless I was obliged—I believe the book produced to be in his handwriting—I have seen him write repeatedly—he said he had sent the book to me, as an erroneous impression was abroad about the amount he had taken away—he said he had seen in one of the papers that it was as much as 2000l.—he said it was not so much—he did not think it was 1500l.—he said, that in coming from America he had drawn out a statement of what he took away, but as they bad watched him very much he had thrown it overboard, but he had a book in his trunk which he understood the officer had taken away, that pointed out pretty clearly the amount of which he was deficient—I have added up the amount in this book, and it is very nearly 1800l.—among other entries are, "T. Evans, 3l. 2s.; Brown and Kay, 2l. 17s.; and Stannard, 3l. 12s.


Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been vestry-clerk? A. I was elected last May twelvemonth.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know Henry Walker? A. Yes—he is an inhabitant, and was churchwarden in 1834—there were other church wardens.




GUILTY
. Aged 57.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There were several other indictments against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.

