




462. 




JOHN RUSSELL
 and 




ANN RUSSELL
 were indicted for

feloniously assaulting 



John Bearman, on the 
21st of December, at
 St. Mary Matfelon, alias

 Whitechapel, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, 3 half-crowns and 1 shilling, his monies; immediately before, at the time, and after the said robbery, striking and and beating him.






JOHN BEARMAN
. I am a porter, and live in High-street, Aldgate. On the 21st of December, at half-past ten o'clock, I met the female prisoner in High-street, Whitechapel, and went with her to No. 9, Essex-street—I went up stairs to the top room of the house, where the male prisoner was sitting by the fire—she told him to go out for a few minutes—at that time he had a jacket on—he went outside the door about two minutes, put on a smock, and came. in again, and immediately said, "What do you do

here?"—I was standing in the middle of the room, towards the fire-place, talking to the woman, and the woman was standing nearly close to me—I was doing nothing but talking—there was a bed in the room—I should think I was about a yard from the bed—it was a small room—we were not about to lie down on the bed, at the time—when he said "What do you do here?" I said, "You knew I was here when you were told to go out"—he ran up to me, knocked me down, and fell on the top of me—he then got up and kicked me—I said, "For God's sake, don't kick me any more, and I will give you 1s."—he said, "Give us hold of it then," and I gave him one—the woman was standing in the room—she never offered to touch me—just at that time, the people in the room below sang out, "What it the matter young man, do you want a light?"—I said, "Yes, I do if you please, for I have been ill-used, and robbed of three half-crowns"—I missed the half-crowns from my left-hand waistcoat-pocket, at the roomdoor, before I got down stain—I had seen them not ten minutes before, as I came out of Whitechapel—I had just changed half a sovereign at Couts's wine-vaults in Whitechapel—when I called out, somebody came up and brought a light—I went down and sat in a chair, in Walker's room, for five or six minutes—I told him the same story—he then lighted me down stairs, I went and fetched a policeman, and gave the man in charge—I went to the room for the purpose of going with the woman, but I had not laid down with her—she called the male prisoner by name, and asked him to go out for a few minutes—there was no other woman in the room—Walker's wife lighted me down stairs—I was kicked all round my body—he could not kick my head, as it was under the bedstead—I was quite sober—I had not been drinking, except a quartern of gin-and-peppermint, with two friends—I did not know the prisoners before—I missed my money just as I was coming out of the room-door, not before—it was then that I called out to she people below that I was robbed—the man had let go of me then, and I was coming away—I felt in my pocket, and missed my money.

John Russell, I was not in the room when he came in—I was coming up stain, hearing a noise in the room, and found him lying * * * * * on the bed * * * * **, Witness. I am quite sure he is the man who was in the room when I went in at first, and she asked him to go out—he went out directly—I took particular notice of him—there was so light but the fire light.





RICHARD WALKER
. I am a toy maker, and live at No. 9, Essex-street, on the first-floor. I have seen the prisoners once or twice going up and down stairs—they lodged in the house about two or three weeks, and pasted as man and wife. On the 21st of December, between ten and eleven o'clock, I was coming up stairs to my own room, and heard a noise—I stopped and heard somebody say, "Oh, dear, do not kick me any more, and I will give you a shilling, and behave like a man to you"—on hearing that I cried out "Holloa, mate, do you want a light?—he said, "Yes, if you please, and thank you too"—I pushed the door open, and told my wife to bring a light—she came on the landing and showed him a light down stairs—he came into my room and sat down, and said he was robbed of three half-crowns—I never saw him before.





WILLIAM CARR
. I am a policeman. On the 21st of December, about ten minutes before eleven o'clock, I was fetched by the prosecutor to No. 9, Essex-street—I found the two prisoners sitting by the side of the fire up stairs—he gave them in charge—I took the man to the station-house, which

is two or three hundred "yards off, leaving the woman behind in the room—I found nothing on him but an old knife—I returned in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes, and found the woman sitting by the fire—I searched the room all over very particularly indeed, but found nothing—I found on her a purse, 6d., and two duplicates—she said the prosecutor had given her the sixpence.

John Russell's Defence. I was coming up stairs and heard my wife making a noise in the room—I pushed the door open and * * *—he had one hand on her mouth—she could not speak, but was making a noise—he said, "Do not hurt me, I am wrong, here is a shilling, it is all I have got; if you like to go to a public-house I will give you what you like to drink"—I said, "Leave my room"—he went down, and Walker asked him why he did not go for a policeman and have me taken—he said, "I cannot, I am wrong myself"—Walker said, "I will go and get one, and you must swear he robbed you"—they got one and took me, and he said I had knocked him down and taken three half-crowns from him. Sarah Russell's Defence. I was coming home and met this man—he asked where I was going—I said "Home"—he said, "I will go with you"—I said, "No, I want nobody"—I went up to my room alone, unlocked the door, and when I went in he came in and said, "I have come on account of what I want of you, and what I want I will have"—he made no more to do but struck me, and pulled me on the bed—my husband came up stairs—he had one hand on my mouth—* * * *—he said he was very sony for coming up—he knew he was wrong.

JOHN RUSSELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.

ANN RUSSELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.




Transported for Fifteen Years.

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

