






737. 




HENRY GERSHON,


 MICHAEL GERSHON,



 ABRAHAM GERSHON
, and 



SAMUEL HENRY
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
26th of January, 4481bs. of brass, value 10l.; 332lbs. of solder, value 5l.; 160lbs. of copper, value 3l.; 21lbs. of brass beading, value 5l.; and 98lbs. of tinned brass, value 10s.; the goods of 



Joel Jewell.


Messrs.
BODKIN
and
JONES
conducted the Prosecution.






JOEL JEWELL
. I live in Kingsgate-street, Holbom, and am a bottle-merchant. On the 24th of January Henry Gershon called on me, and said he knew where I could purchase a quantity of metal, and if I bought it, I could get a good profit by it—he stated as much as 10l., and I was

to give him half the profits as a remuneration for his trouble and cartage and recommendation—he said he had no money, and he took me to give a deposit of five shillings—I agreed to advance the money—I went with him to Mr. Pitt's in Drury-lane, at the corner of Brownlow-street—I saw Mr. Pitt—he introduced me to him, and said, "This is Mr. Jewell, whom I have brought respecting your metal"—Mr. Pitt said "Very well"—he shewed me some metal, and said he had 5cwt, of brass, 3cwt. of solder, and some other—I agreed to purchase to the amount of 24l. or 25l., and appointed to fetch it away the next day at two o'clock precisely—I went and met Henry Gershon opposite Clare-court—I asked if he was going to Mr. Pitt's—he said, "I cannot cart the metal to-day, my horse is lame"—I said, "I will go and let Mr. Pitt know," he said, "I am going that way, I will take you there," Mr. Pitt said he was a little minus in the brass, that there was 4cwt, of that, and I ordered him to weigh 1/2 cwt. more copper—I appointed to go on Thursday at two o'clock, and told Henry Gershon to meet me at the house—he came an hour after his time, about three o'clock, and brought his bone and cart—we commenced loading the cart with what was weighed up—we had not been there more than twenty minutes or half an hour before three persons came—I asked him who they were—he said one was hit father, that was Michael Gershon, and Abraham Gershon was his uncle, and the other was a boy, we loaded the cart—I had not paid for the metals then, but while I was paying for them, I observed the three Gershons go round the corner into Drury-lane—they were there from seven to eight minutes—after that, Henry Gershon returned to me, saying, his father, uncle, and brother were going over the way to take something to drink, (there is a public-house opposite Mr. Pitt's Door,) he asked me to go—I said, "I don't mind," and went with them—Henry Gershon called for some rum and shrub, and something else for his father Michael—I drank a little—Henry Gershon paid for it/—I came out, and then Michael and Abraham Gershon, and the boy bid the prisoner Henry Gershon "good bye," and said they were going home towards Holborn—they went down Drury-lane towards Holborn—after that, Henry Gershon asked how much money I had left—I stated that I had one pound and some silver left—he then whispered to me, and said, "Mr. Pitt has some brass beading and some tinned brass; You can get one penny a pound by one, and three-halfpence by the other;" and I bought it, and Paid 1l. 15s. 1 1/2 d. for it—here are the invoices I had of him—that was afterwards put into the cart—Henry Gershon requested Mr. Pitt to send for something to drink—Mr. Pitt sent for a pot of ale, and we all partook of it—before that was drank Henry Gershon wanted to send for "something short," as he said—he wanted some rum or brandy, I am not sure which I and Mr. Pitt both refused—in a few minutes after I left Mr. Pitt's shop, Henry Gershon drove the cart out of Brown low-street and turned it into Drury-lane—then we both got up into the front—he then told me we were going to take the goods where I could get my money directly, at mr. pontifex's, in Shoe-lane—in going, he passed Queen-street, and I said, "is not this the way?"—he said, "Oh, no, we go any way," and he had not got far before he drove up to the George public-house, which is not more than eighty yards from Mr. Pitts'—he said he wanted something to drink he was thirsty, and ran in—I thought he was going to the bar—I said, "I will stay outside," he said "No"—I said the cart was standing alone as, it had my property in it, I should not wish to leave it—he said,

"Oh no, never mind, I have often left the cart here, it will mind itself you had better come in"—I went into the bar, and when I got there I found he had run into the room adjoining the bar, which is the tap-room, and ordered bread and cheese and half-and-half; I ran into the room to tell him I was not in want of bread and cheese or half-and-half, and if he did not come out I would go out myself and take my property—he said, "Make your life happy, if it is seven o'clock it is plenty of time for me"—this was past seven o'clock—I ran out and went to the door, and found the cart and horse, and all the property gone—I went in to Henry Gershon and told him—he said nothing—I then called a policeman, and gave Henry Gershon into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What has a bottle-merchant to Do with things of this kind? A. If I had been a judge of them I should hare known better than to pay such a price as he led me to Do—I thought I might get a profit by it—I have been four years in the business—I was with my brother—I have been on my own account about two months—I said before the Magistrate that Michael and Abraham after coming from (the public-house bid Henry Gershon "Good-bye," and one of them said they were going home, and they went towards Holborn—it was Abraham said that—I did not hear Michael say any thing—I know where the Thames police is—but I was never there—You did not ask me that, but you may perhaps—I said it was a joke—I never was there in my life, and you cannot prove it—I never attended my brother there, nor in any Court of Justice for any misdemeanor, or any felony—I laid out 31l. 5s.—I never had any transaction with Henry Gershon before—we were to divide the profits as a remuneration for his trouble in recommending and in carting—my brother is still a bottle-merchant—I have a cousin living at Shadwell, who deals in metals, but I do not—if I had known the prices of metal I would not have given 10d. a pound for copper and what I did for brass—Mr. Pitt did not take me in—he sells his metals at trade price—I do not deal in marine stores or metals at all—I sell retail to medical gentlemen.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. you had not known Henry Gershon at all? A. Only from seeing him—I never had any transactions with him—I never contemplated the possibility of losing. I said nothing about the loss, because he said he bad been in the habit of dealing in metals, and I was sure to get such a price—I should have trusted a stranger in the street and paid 31l. if he had given me an explanation as he did—there was not a word said about lose—I was in the first public-house, and waited there about three mintues longer than I did at the last—I had a small glass of rum and shrub, and then came out.

MR. JONES. Q. Is there any truth in your being at the Thames Police? A., No; I never was charged in my life, before any Magistrate. RICHARD PITT. I am a dealer in metal, and live in Brownlow-street, Drury-lane. Henry Gershon came to my premises previous to Mr. Jewell calling, and asked if I had any old metal for sale—I said, "yes"—he asked if I had half a ton—I said, "Yes"—he said he knew a person who wanted to buy metals; he would bring him in a day or two—he had brought persons to purchase metal before—he was a person I should say who knew the value of metals, and the terms on which they were sold from hand to hand in the trade—he would be likely to know the profit on metals—in about three or four days he came with Mr. Jewell, who made a purchase which came to 29l. 10s. 4d. and paid a deposit—on Thursday

the 26th of January, he came to take them away—he waited half an hour, and then Henry Gershon came and brought the horse and cart—they then proceeded to load the cart—while they were loading, Abraham Gershon came up and got into conversation with Henry, and assisted in loading the cart—after it was loaded I saw Michael come up and join in conversation with Henryand Abraham Gershon, and Mr. Jewell—they went to a public-house opposite my house; then Michael and Abraham wished Henry Gershon "Good day," and left him at my door, and they took the Holborn direction—after that Jewell made some purchases of some tinned brass and beading, amount in? to 1l. 15s. 1 1/2 d.—that he paid for in addition—Henry said I ought to send for something to drink—I sent for a pot of ale—Henry said, "We mart have something else"—he proposed some brandy—I said I had my business to attend to, and it would unfit me—he pressed for it but I declined, and so did Jewell—they then went off in the direction of the Strand, down Drary-lane, and I saw Michael and Abraham passing by my house in about two minutes after—it was by accident I saw them—my house is at the corner of Brownlow-street—I should think Henry Gershon was likely to know what profit could be made on metal—I should say he was not likely to sell them so as to make 10l. profit—it was not possible to make more than a farthing a pound.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How near to your premises does Michael live? A. I think about four hundred yards—I have seen him often.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Do you know that Abraham is servant to Michael? A. I do not—between my house and the end of Holborn there are, I believe, three streets.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did Henry Gershon say any thing about what profit was to be got on this metal? A. Not in my presence.





GEORGE WOOLF
. I live in Lamb's-Conduit-street, and am a furrier. I know Mr. Jewell—I was passing down Drury-lane on a Thursday, about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon—I saw the two prisoners, Michael and Abraham Gershon, get up into a cart apparently laden with metal and tacks, and drive off with it—the cart was at the door of the public-house, which since this transaction I have ascertained to be the George—it appeared to me when they got up that it had just driven up—it was standing still—they went towards the Strand—I was very near to them—I saw the countenance of Abraham very plainly—the other I had not a full opportunity of seeing, but I believed from circumstances that he is the person—I had rather a side view of him—I was in company with my brother Philip.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Then you won't speak positively to Michael? A. I cannot speak more positively than I have—I am not aware that I have sworn to him—I think I always said I was positive to Abraham, and I believed Michael was the other—I might have sworn that I saw Michael and Abraham get up into the cart—if I did, it was a mistake—Michael had on a sort of dark great coat, I think olive, and something of a dark scarf round his mouth—I have known Mr. Jewell these ten months, or longer, I should think—his brother married my sister, and he has been paying his addresses to another of my sisters—I did not observe whether Michael wore a hat or cap—I did not stop.





PHILIP WOOLF
. I am brother to George Woolf, and am a tailor, at No. 2, James-street, Oxford-street. I was with him in Drury-lane, and saw a cart there—I saw two persons get up—I took notice of their countenances

—Abraham Gershon was one of them, and there was another man got up in the cart, but he had a large scarf round his face—it was a rainy afternoon—I could not take upon me to swear to that one—I have not the lightest doubt of Abraham Gershon—my notice was so vague that I cannot form a belief of the other—I saw the cart driven away by the men towards the Strand.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you never swear positively to Michael Gershon as one of the men? A. I did not—that I swear—I never said I observed Michael and Abraham get into the cart—I said I saw two men get in—Abraham was one, and the other's countenance I did not observe, as I had only a slight view—here is my signature to this deposition—it was read over to me—I did say that I observed the two prisoners Michael and Abraham get into a cart—if I said he was so muffled up I could not even form a belief, it was a mistake—I swore at the police-office the view was so slight that I was not positive he was the man—I had a Doubt at the police-office, but since then the solicitor for the prosecution said he had had a communication with Henry, and he hoped I would be very particular—as he was so muffled up I was of opinion he might not have been the man.

Q. Was it because the prosecutor's attorney talked to you that you changed from the oath you took at the police-office? A. I said I only believed he was the man—I did say I saw the two men get up into the cart, but afterwards, when the question was put to me, I said he was so muffled up I could not form an opinion—I believe it was him, but I cannot undertake to swear it—if I swore that I could not form a belief, I could not have understood the question—I have had no further conversation with my brother than when Mr. Jewell mentioned to us about the robbery—I said it was the cart that we saw drive away—Mr. Jewell's brother married my sister—Michael had on a large brown great coat, and a large handkerchief or scarf round his face—it came up under his nose—it looked black to me—he had a hat on—I do not know that I mentioned that to my brother.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you express a doubt about his person at the police-office? A. I did.





MARY CONNER
. I keep a fruit-stall on Clerkenwell-green. I remember some time ago a person bringing a horse and cart near my stall—it was the prisoner S. Henry—he told me to give an eye to it till somebody called for it—it remained there till about seven o'clock, till the police-sergeant came and took it away.





THOMAS PHILPOTT
 (police-constable G 85.) On Thursday the 26th of January I saw a horse and cart standing on Clerkenwell-green—I took charge of it, and removed it some distance from the stall, and read the name on the back of the cart, "Henry Gershon, No. 2, Paradise-place, Spitalfields"—I took it to the green-yard—on the Saturday following I went to the house of Michael Gershon, in Princes-court, Drury-lane, with the prosecutor—I took Michael Gershon to Bow-street—while I was there Abraham came to the office, (in a cab, as I was given to understand,) and I took him—in consequence of further information I went to Fisher-alley, Petticoat-lane, and found some brass and other property, which I have brought here.





WILLIAM ROWLAND
 (police-constable H 120.) I went to No. 2, Paradise. place, on the Sunday morning after the robbery, and found Henry Gershon there—I told him what I came for—I had some brass and solder there—he saw it—he said that was the property that was lost out of the cart, and

part of it was his property—I afterwards went with him to Toosen's-court, Petticoat-lane—I found a lighted candle in the passage—I made inquiry, and found a party had taken the house that night, about ten o'clock, but who they were they could not tell—I found three bags of metal there, and a quantity of pewter, and these coppers—I do not know where Michael Gershon lived.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. He said something about partnership? A. He said part of it was his property, and part of it belonged to another man—I think he used the word "partnership."





WILLIAM DAY DAVIES
 (police-constable H 36.) I know the wife of Michael Gershon—in consequence of information from her I went to the Queen's Head public-house, in Fashion-street, and received some information from Mrs. Blaney—I found Samuel Henry there—I called him out, and said I wanted him about some metal that was taken from Bow-street—he said, "I know nothing about it"—at that time Mrs. Gershon was with me—she represented herself as the wife of Michael—Samuel Henry said he knew nothing about it till both the women said, "You Do," and then he said, "I was hired to carry the goods down to his nephew's place"—I then took him and went to Fisher-alley, with Philpott, in consequent of what Samuel Henry said.





LEAH HART
. I live in Middlesex-street, and own a house in Fisher-alley.





HENRY GERSHON
 was my tenant—he had it about twelve months—that was the house the policeman was at—I saw Mr. George Woolf and the policeman there.





GEORGE WOOLF

re-examined. I went to the house in Fisher-alley, where the property was found, with the policeman—while I was there Mrs. Hart came and spoke to me.





JOEL JEWELL

re-examined. This is the metal I bought of Mr. Pitt—this pewter was put under the sacks, and some was in sacks.

Henry Gershon. They swore that they took out of my premises a large quantity of metal, and there was not so much beading bought of Mr. Pitt, as there was found at my place.





THOMAS PHILPOTT
. I found the brass beading at Fisher-alley—this is part of it.





RICHARD PITT

re-examined. These ingots of metal I have no doubt are mine—this brass beading is a sample of what I sold.

Henry Gershon. Q. Is it unlikely for me to have such metal by me? A. It is not unlikely.
(William James, a shoemaker, John Gorbell, an ironmonger, John Emmington, a licensed victualler, William Cole, and Thomas Murray, gave the prisoner Abraham Gershon a good character.)

A. GERSHON—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.—



Confined Twelve Months.

H. GERSHON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

W. GERSHON—


NOT GUILTY
.

S. HENRY—


NOT GUILTY
.
