





198. 
               
                  
                     ANTHONY 
                     ARNOLD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of August
, 1 wooden plank, value 17s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Evans
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .
WILLIAM EVANS. I live in Shepherdess-walk, Hoxton. On the 28th of August I missed an ash plank from Mr. Sturts' wharf, on the bank of the Regent's-canal


 - I had seen it safe on the Saturday, and missed it on Tuesday morning; I found it the same day at Upstill's, a wheeler, in the Canal-road - I know it by my mark on it; it is worth 17s. - the prisoner had no right to sell any timber for me; I do not know that I ever saw him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not take money of the man for the plank? A. No, he did not look it out; he asked the price of it, and said he would come on the Monday and see if he could deal with me for it.


                  CHARLES 
                  UPSTILL
               



            . I am a wheelwright, and live in the Canal-road. On the 24th of August I went to Mr. Evans' wharf, and asked the price of the plank - he asked 17s.; on the 27th I went there again - I saw the prisoner and another man; the prisoner asked what I wanted - I said I had looked at the plank, and asked if the governor was in the way; he said No, but he could do as well - I said it was all right, and I would send for a truck - he said there was no occasion for it; he would bring it home for half a gallon of beer - he brought it, and I saw my wife pay him for it.
Prisoner. Q. You asked if you had not given too much for the plank? A. No, you asked what I wanted, and I told you what the price was - I said it was 1s. a foot; I did not ask if there was a truck in the yard - I proposed to go for one, and then you said you and your mate would take it home; I suppose it was five or six o'clock- I did not see you at the Bricklayer's Arms; it was a very wet day - you received the money.


                  JAMES 
                  GLIBBERY
               



             (Police-constable N 248). On the 28th of August I went with the prosecutor to Upstill's; I found the plank there.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS KING
               



             (Police-constable N 248). I apprehended the prisoner last month at Pentonville - I told him it was for stealing an ash plank of Mr. Evans; he said he had seen Mr. Evans, and settled with him - I took him to the station, and then went to Mr. Evans', who said he had not seen him.


                  THOMAS 
                  COPE
               



            . I know the prisoner. On the 8th of February, 1829, I apprehended him for stealing from Messrs. Kings, carpenters, at Islington, two deal planks - he was found guilty, and find 1s.; I have the certificate of his former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office.
Prisoner. It must be my partner who sold it; I never received the money - when he got it outside the yard, I thought I would help him take it home.

MR. EVANS. I never authorized him to receive the money, and he never paid it to me; my gates were locked, and the plank was drawn under them.


                  JAMES 
                  GLIBBERY
               



            . The prisoner and his mate were brought to the station the same night, drunk, and they had each of them some money.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that his fellow-workman had told him he was to take the plank to the witness, and that the money was paid to his mate.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
