





275. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COLLIER
                  




               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, on the 10th of January
, at St. Christopher le Stocks


, feloniously did forge a transfer of a certain share and interest, to wit, of 2,044l. 3s. 1d., standing in the names of William Collier and Richard Squire, being a share and interest of certain annuities, transferable at the Bank of England (setting out the instrument,) with intent to defraud the 
                     Governor and Company of the Bank of England

, against the Statute.
2d COUNT. For uttering a like forged transfer, well knowing the same to be forged, with a like intent.
3d and 4th COUNTS stating his intent to be to defraud 
               
                  Richard 
                  Squire
               



            .
5th and 6th COUNTS, stating his intent to be to defraud 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Lane
               



            .
14 other COUNTS, varying the manner of laying the charge.
SIR 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SCARLETT
               



            . MESSRS. ADOLPHUS and BULLOCK, conducted the prosecution.
MR. RICHARD SQUIRE. I live on my property at King's Langley, in Hertfordshire - I have the probate of the will of Mrs. Mary Martin, late of Beaconsfield - I am under that will, trustee of some money left for the benefit of her niece, who is the wife of the prisoner - the sum was 1,600l. in money, which was invested in the 3 per cent. reduced.
MR. CLARKSON (for the prisoner). Q.What is the amount of the general proceeds of the personal estate? A. I am not certain, I believe about 14,000l. - I am not aware that I have received more than 14,000l. - I could have ascertained that, if I had thought the question would be asked - I cannot say whether I have - I will not undertake to affirm whether I have not - there was a certain sum detained until the decision of the Court of Chancery was given - Mr. Collier was entitled to it by a decree of the court - it was somewhere under £3000 - I cannot tell you how much - I really cannot tell you whether I had received nearly £14,000 under the estate before I received the £3000 from the Chancery Court, without having my documents before me - I cannot tell within £1000 what I have received - whatever sum it was, there is no doubt whateverthat it was included in the sum under which I proved the will - it was not known at that time that there was any dispute, the sum was calculated with the rest - it was not in the Court of Chancery at that time - this sum of £3000 was certainly taken into the account, on which the probate duty was calculated.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. The £1600 was invested in the 3 per cents.? A. Yes: in the names of the prisoner and myself - here is the regular stock receipt for the money purchased - it is 2044l. 3s. 1d. - the prisoner was joint trustee with me - he was entitled on behalf of his wife, during her life, to receive the interest of £2044 - I never received a single dividend whatever - George and Henry Wheeler were the brokers who acted for me in the purchase of the stock - I never in any manner, either directly or indirectly, assisted in, or consented to, the transfer of that sum of money.
FRANCIS HENDERSON. I am a clerk in the 3 per cent. reduced office at the Bank - I have the transfer-book letter D - it is the original book - persons transferring stock sign their names in this book - here is the transfer of £2044, in the names of Collier and Squire.
MR. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  SQUIRE
               



             re-examined. The name of Richard Squire in this book is not my handwriting - I knew nothing of it till it was shown to me some time after - the signature, 
               
                  William 
                  Collier
               



            , I believe to be the prisoner's handwriting - I have seen him write, and have had several opportunities of judging of his writing - I was acquainted with him - he knew my person well.
COURT to 
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  HENDERSON
               



            . Q. How comes the transfer in the book D? A. We cannot always keep to the letter, the transfers are so numerous.
MR. SQUIRE cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is the prisoner's father alive? A. I don't know, I am not acquainted with his family sufficiently - I don't know his name - I know one of the sons; at least, I have seen him once or twice - his name is William - I never knew him by any other name; and by his being called Junior, I apprehended he had no other name.
Q. You had some legal misunderstanding with the prisoner, I believe, yourself? A.Very little, not myself, not as I was concerned: but it was my duty as the executor to retain certain monies until the Court of Chancery determined - he wanted the money, but I took counsel's opinion, and could not give it up - I have seen his wife two or three times - I have never inquired of her whether she consented to the transfer - I have had no conversation with her - I believe by the will one trustee is not responsible for the neglect or loss of the other - I have sustained no loss that I know of - I have made no inquiry at all - this is not my prosecution - I believe it is at the instance of the bank - I believe the wife is alive - no call has been made on me by the wife.
[The will was here put in and read. Among other legacies, it bequeathed to the executors, in trust for Sarah Collier, the prisoner's wife, free from the control of her husband, the sum of £1600, to invest in the public funds, in their names, &c.; and bequeathed to the prisoner, William Collier, the residue of the estate - it was dated 14th of June, 1813. There was a codicil annexed, bequeathing £100 to William Collier, the prisoner's son.]
MR. CLARKSON to MR. SQUIRE. Q. The sum of £100 was given to the prisoner's son William? A. Yes - that was paid, I think, in 1832, when he became of age; at least it was invested at that time the other sums were invested, and when he became of age it was paid to him with interest - it was in July, 1832 - the amount was about £140.
JOHN RUMSEY. I am a solicitor, and live at High Wycombe, Bucks. I know the prisoner very well - I communicated with him in 1826, on the subject of borrowing some money - the prisoner was to borrow it - I effected the loan to him - Mr. John Lane lent it to him - I have the security here with me - I am one of the witnesses to it - it is signed by W. Collier, Sarah Collier, and John Lane - I saw all three names signed - the money was advanced on that security - the prisoner is the William Collier who signed it.
Cross-examined by MR. LUMLEY. Q.What was the amount of the sum? A.£200.
[This instrument was put in and read - it was an assignment executed by William and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Collier
               



             to John Lane of the dividends on the £2044 stock, as security for the payment of the sum of £200 lent, which was to be paid on the 2nd of February, 1827 - it was dated the 2nd of August, 1826.]
MR. BULLOCK. Q. Do you know whether that money has been repaid or not? A. I know it has not - Mr. Lane, who lent the money, is not now living - I have the probate of his will - his executor is Joseph Lane - he is alive - I know the prisoner's wife - I saw her last September - the prisoner lived at Stokenchurch, in Oxfordshire - I don't know when he left there - I saw him at the end of September in London - I met him accidentally - I was getting out of the coach, and he got off the coach, and just at that moment he said he was going to settle at Liverpool.
MR. LUMLEY. Q. He knew you very well? A. Yes - the interest on the mortgage was paid regularly - I know the principal has not been paid from having seen the executor of Mr. Lane - I saw him last about three weeks ago - I don't know what family the prisoner has - he has several children - I think they are all young - when I saw the prisoner's wife I had no conversation with her on money matters.
HENRY RINTER. I am clerk to Mr. Durrant, a stockbroker. I know the prisoner - I first saw him in October, 1832 - I saw him at Mr. Durrant's office - he came and said he wished to have £120 Consols bought for him - I took his instructions - he gave his name 
               
                  William 
                  Collier
               



            , of Stokenchurch, Oxfordshire - I bought it for him - he gave me the money, and I gave him the stock receipt - I cannot say that I have seen him write.
MR. SQUIRE re-examined. I should say this is the prisoner's handwriting. (Looking at a letter.)


                  HENRY 
                  RINTER
               



             re-examined. We received this letter at our office - I saw it there - (read).
"To Mr. Durrant. 8th Jan. 1833.
"Dear Sir, - I shall be obliged to you to sell £120 stock three per cent consols to-morrow, Thursday. I shall be at your office about one o'clock. I also wish to transfer to my son William, £2044 3s. 1d., standing in the names of William Collier, surgeon, of Stokenchurch, and Richard Squire, of King's Langley. Mr. Squire will meet me at youroffice to make the transfer. It is not intended to change the stock."
HENRY RINTER re-examined. In consequence of this letter, I sold the stock for him, and prepared the ticket for the transfer - we leave that at the bank with instructions to enter it in the book, to prepare it for the signatures of the party - the prisoner came to the office on the day appointed, the 10th of January - we did not receive the letter till the 10th - I made the ticket that morning; and he was at our office that morning - Mr. Blackburn is another clerk of Mr. Durrant's.
Q. Did anybody come with Mr. Collier to the office? A. I cannot say; I have no doubt somebody was there, but I was busy at the counter, and did not observe - Blackburn accompanied him to the bank to get the transfer made.
WILLIAM BLACKBURN. I am clerk to Mr. Durrant - I know the prisoner - I remember his coming to the office on the 10th of January to get some stock transferred - there was another person with him; and I was ordered to attend the bank with Mr. Collier to make the transfer - some person directed me to attend him, and I did - I knew Mr. Collier, but not the other party - I went to the bank with him - I do not think Mr. Squire was the person who accompanied him - (looking at the transfer) - I attested this transfer - my name is signed here - I saw the prisoner sign it, and the person who accompanied him signed it in the name of Squire.(The transfer was here read.)
WILLIAM BLACKBURN re-examined. I knew the prisoner at the time, and supposed the other gentleman to be Mr. Squire, by Mr. Collier bringing him there - he passed for Mr. Squire in Mr. Collier's presence - I saw Mr. Collier at our office afterwards, in October, when he came to sell £120 consols - he gave instructions for a power of attorney at the same time - (looking at it) - this is it - it is in my handwriting - I took the instructions from Mr. Collier to make the power of attorney - after taking the instructions we leave them at the bank - I took these instructions as he gave them to me (read).
"
               J. R. 
            Durrant.
"A letter of attorney 3 per cent consols for 
               
                  William 
                  Collier
               



            , Jun., of Stokenchurch, Gent., all to 
               John
             R. Durrant for the purpose of sale and dividends of £1844 3s. 1d.
"1st Oct. 1833."
WILLIAM BLACKBURN, (in continuation.) I procured the power of attorney - this is it - I remember this power of attorney coming in a letter - this letter formed the other half-sheet of the power - it has been detached since; the stock was subsequently transferred.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.Did you attend the transfer yourself? A. No - I know it was done, by our books - the instructions are dated 1st of October - the Stock was 3 per cent. reduced - the books were closed then for a dividend, and they could not be transferred without the power of attorney.
Q. The original transfer says, "Witness my hand, William Collier" - did you see it so written before the name was signed? A. I did not notice that - the prisoner was present at the time - the other person signed the name of Richard Squire - it is a public office - there might be other persons about.
SIR 
               J. 
            SCARLETT. Q.Did you send any bank post bills, addressed to Mr. Collier? A. I did (looking at three) - these are them - I sent them to the prisoner Collier - these are the same bills - I addressed them to William Collier, Esq., No. 2, Trueman-street, Liverpool - I have seen him write, and I believe the endorsement on the bills to be his - I sent them to him in consequence of a letter which I received - this is the letter - I know the bank post bills, because they correspond - I recollect I did not take the numbers of them, but the names and amounts correspond.
JOHN HENRY CLARK. I am in the employ of Messrs. Wheeler, stock-brokers - I know Collier - Messrs. Wheeler have transacted business for him at various times - he is well known in our office.
Q. On the 30th of April, 1833, do you recollect his giving you any instructions? A. I cannot call to mind his coming to the office (looking at a paper) - the top of this is my writing - the bottom is Mr. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Wheeler
               



            's writing - I wrote "William Collier, jun., Stokenchurch" - the instructions for the sale are in my handwriting - I cannot call to mind who gave the instructions - the sale of £200 was effected - I went to assist at the transfer - I cannot call to mind who went with me.
F. HENDERSON re-examined. Here is the transfer of £200, on the 30th of April, from William Collier, of Stokenchurch, Oxfordshire, Gent. - it says, "£200 of my," which shows it was part of a larger stock - that is, part of the £2044 3s. 1d. - I was present where it was signed - it is signed William Collier, jun.
JOHN HENRY CLARK re-examined. I was present when it was signed - I cannot call to mind the individual who was with me - I believe this writing to be the handwriting of William Collier, the prisoner at the bar.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you seen the son write? A. Yes; I will not undertake to say it is not the son's handwriting; but I believe it is the prisoner's - the prisoner writes very different at times - he and his son do not write very much alike - I believe it to be the prisoner's writing.
SIR JAMES SCARLETT. Q. Do you believe it to be the son's? A. No; I believe it to be the prisoner's.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You say they sometimes write alike? A. No; I do not - there may be some similarity. The transfer of the sum of £200 was here put in and read.
FRANCIS HENDERSON re-examined. This is part of the original sum of 2044l. 3s. 1d. - I say so because I have examined the account - I do not find any other sum in the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Collier
               



            , jun., except the 2044l. 3s. 1d.


                  JOHN 
                  ROWLAND DURRANT
               



            . I know the prisoner - I have no recollection of his coming to instruct us to purchase this stock - it appears so by my books - the stock was afterwards sold - I have no recollection of having instructions for a power of attorney - my clerk went to get the power of attorney - I recollect transferring the stock by virtue of the power - I recollect before that seeing the prisoner and conversing with him about the power - I recollect he asked me to act on a power of attorney for the sale of £1800 odd stock - I asked him if he had not better bring his son to town to make the transfer, as it was but forty miles from town the expense of coach hire would not be more thanthe power of attorney - he said it would be inconvenient for his son to come at the time the stocks opened - they were shut at the time - he said he would be at some distance at that time - he said his son should come to town and execute the power, the next day, or the day following; and the prisoner came the next day, or the day following, and expressed his surprise that his son had not arrived - he said he must have missed the coach he supposed, or there must be some accident - the power was then in our office, ready for execution - I think I was called away during the conversation, but I understood from my clerk that he had taken the power away - I afterwards received it back with this letter written on the fly-sheet of it - I then acted on the power, and caused the stock to be transferred - this is my signature on the back, by which I demand to act - my clerk obtained the bank post bills, as a matter of course - I received this letter, directing me what to do with the proceeds of the sale - I have no doubt the bank post bills were sent to the prisoner in consequence of this letter.
JAMES HALL FARMER. I live in Abchurch-lane - I know the prisoner and his son - the son lives at Stokenchurch - I am not exactly acquainted with his business - I believe he is a schoolmaster - the prisoner once lived at Stokenchurch - he changed his residence, I think, about the middle of October, 1833, and went to Liverpool - I knew of his intention of going to Liverpool from himself, but I did not know his address there - I have witnessed this power of attorney - it was executed in my presence, at my counting-house - the prisoner, his son, and my brother, were present - it was on the first of October - it is now dated the 5th - I don't know who did that - the prisoner came first to my counting-house - he said he expected his son up - he waited there an hour or an hour and a half; and when the son came, the prisoner brought in this paper, and it was executed in the counting-house - I saw the son sign it, and I witnessed it - the prisoner took it away with him - they both remained in town that day - they dined and slept at my house.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.Are you sure this was not on the 5th of October? A. I am - the instrument is now in the same state, I believe, as far as I have looked at it - I knew Mr. Collier was going to reside at Liverpool some weeks previously - he was going into partnership there - I know the handwriting of the son (looking at the letter at the back of the power of attorney) - I should say this is the handwriting of the son.
SIR 
               J. 
            SCARLETT. Q.And so is this, is not it? A. I think it is - the son is alive, and, I believe, is in court - he was here this morning - I have known Mr. Collier twelve or thirteen years - he bore the most unblemished reputation as to honesty and good conduct - it was well known he was going to Liverpool.(The letters were here read as follows:)
"Mr. Durrant. 5th Oct. 1833.
"Sir, - I send the power of attorney, and shall be obliged to you to make the transfer as soon as possible; and send the amount, after deducting the expenses, in two bank post bills of seven days' date.
"Yours, &c.
"WILLIAM COLLIER, JUN."
"Mr. Durrant. Stokenchurch, Oct. 8th, 1833.
"Sir, - When you have made the purchase, have the goodness to send the amount, directed to Mr. Collier, No. 2, Trueman-street, Liverpool, instead of Stokenchurch.
"WILLIAM COLLIER, JUN."
The bank post bills were dated 11th October, 1833, at seven days' sight, payable to William Collier, Esq., for value received of 
               J. R. 
            Durrant, for £1000, £500, and £114 13s. 7d., all endorsed "
               W. 
            Collier."
WILLIAM BLACKBURN re-examined. The amount of the produce of the £1044 3s. 1d. was £1614 13s. 7d., which is the amount of the bank post bills.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you recollect that, or have you got it from your books? A. I have a recollection of it.
THOMAS MOLES. I am a clerk in the Bank - I have a book in which a transfer of a sum of money is made to the names of William Collier and Richard Squire, which was made on the 3rd of January (yesterday) - it is a transfer of £2044 3s. 1d. from Mr. Ricardo.
ROBERT MULLINS. I am broker to the Bank of England. I purchased of Mr. Ricardo this stock for the Bank - it was transferred by Ricardo to Collier and Squire - I received the money from the cashier of the Bank of England to pay for it by order of the governor of the Bank.
Prisoner's Defence. I have only to say that no fraud was intended on the Bank; and we should never have called on them for the money again.
Robert Burgess, a timber-merchant, of Stokenchurch; William Pitken, of Stokenchurch; Thomas Dew, of Stoken-church; John Cole, of Holborn; and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Simmons
               



            , of Stokenchurch, gave the prisoner a good character.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 44. - 


               Transported for Life
            . - Recommended to mercy by the jury, on account of his previous good character.
