



510. 




WILLIAM DAYTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of January, 1 writing-desk, value 3l. 13s.; 1 work-box, value 10s.; 1 ruler, value 12s.; 1 cigar-tube, value 3s.; 1 needle-sharpener, value 3s.; 130 steel-pens, value 8s.; 1 pen-knife, value 5s.; 1 needle-case, value 3s.;1 measure, value 8s.; and 2 shillings; the goods and monies of 



John Nicholson, in his dwelling-house.







JOHN NICHOLSON
. I am clerk at a distillery in St. John-street, Clerkenwell. The prisoner had worked there, but was discharged about three months before—I had a work-box, and writing-desk, containing the articles stated—they were safe at three o'clock on the 6th of January, in the front parlour—they were both locked—I value them at £6, but there were papers in them of more value to me—they cost me a great deal more than £6, and I would give £6 for them—I was sent for at a quarter before four o'clock that day—the property was then gone.





ELLEN NICHOLSON
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I was coming home a little before four o'clock, and saw the prisoner on the step of the street-door with the desk under his left arm—I saw the end of it—I did not say any thing to him, but I rang the bell, to ascertain from the servant whether the had given him the desk—he then ran off down the street—I am sure he is the man—I did not see him with the work-box, but they were both missing.





ELIZA DAVY
. I am the prosecutor's servant. On the 6th of January the prisoner came to the door—I looked up the area, and he asked for Mrs. Nicholson—I said she was not at home—he then asked for a blue coat—I went up and opened the door—he said he came from Mr. Nicholson for a coat, but he was not certain whether it was blue or black, but he would go and inquire—he went back, came again, and said it was a blue coat which was up stairs—I went up stairs for it, and when I came back he was gone—this writing-desk and work-box were both gone from the front parlour—another man might have taken the box.





THOMAS LOWE
 (police-constable G 84.) I took the prisoner out of Mr. Nicholson's stable on the 8th of January—I found this crow-bar in the corn-bin.




GUILTY of stealing under the value of 5l. Aged 20.



Transported for Seven Years.
