





Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
1926. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ANDREWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of July
, 1 mare, price 18l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Gray
                  




               
            .
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution.


                  CHARLES 
                  MOULTON
               



            . I am a farmer
, and live at Crouch-end, near Hornsey


 - Gray's mare was at my premises at grass. On the 24th of July, about eight o'clock in the evening, I saw her safe, and missed her at six next morning; the gates of the field were locked, as I had left them, but there was a gap broken down, communicating with a field next to a wood - I traced the mare's feet through the wood, and there was grey hair scraped off on the gate-post - this was a grey mare; I saw her next in Gray's possession; she had two fore-shoes on when stolen, but no hind-shoes.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COX
               



            . I keep the Tiger's Head, in the New North-road, four or five miles from Crouch-end. On Wednesday morning, the 26th of July, I saw the prisoner in my skittle-ground, behind my house, about half-past eight o'clock, and he had a grey mare there - there is a side door to the ground, communicating with the street; it was fastened, but a person climbing over the wall could unfasten it inside; I have since seen a mare at Worship-street, in the officer's possession, which I believe to be the same - I told the prisoner there was no room for any thing there - I went out in about half an hour, leaving him and the mare there, but desired him to go away -I was out all day; Larman, the farrier, lives about a quarter of a mile from my house; I did not send any horse to him to be shod.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know a man named Taylor in this transaction? A. He was charged with this at Worship-street; the prisoner said 
               
                  Harry 
                  Taylor
               



             gave him the horse to be shod, and I saw that man outside the Court this morning - it was another man, named 
               
                  James 
                  Taylor
               



            , who was taken up with the prisoner.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LARMAN
               



            . I am a farrier, and live in Philip-street, Kingsland-road. On Tuesday morning, the 25th of July, the prisoner brought a grey mare to my place to have two hind-shoes put on; he said it was Cox's mare - I said I had been with Cox the day before, and he had got none like it; he then said it had come home early that morning; my man put the shoes on, and booked them to Cox; he took the mare away - I saw the same mare afterwards at Worship-street.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you ask who desired him to get it shod? A. No; he said it was Mr. Cox's.


                  FREDERICK 
                  MASON
               



            . I am in Larman's employ. I shoed the mare, and saw the same mare at Worship-street, but the shoes were so worn, I could not identify them.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 26th of July, on the approach to the London-bridge, on the grey mare; the witness saw the same mare at Worship-street.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you ask from whom he had it? A. I did; he said it was given him to take care of by two men, and he was to wait there till they returned - he said at the watch-house that they appeared to be brothers, and that one of them was named Harry - I asked what house they used; he said he had seen 
               
                  Harry 
                  Taylor
               



             several times at a house in Smithfield; he afterwards mentioned the Tiger, at Hoxton; I went and apprehended 
               
                  Harry 
                  Taylor
               



             there; and while I went out with Cox to look for 
               
                  James 
                  Taylor
               



            , he came into Cox's house, and was taken - the prisoner was on the mare coming towards the bridge, not standing still.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did he say where he received the mare from the two men? A. He said at the watch-house that he had it from them at the Rosemary-branch; Harry Taylor was discharged by the Magistrate, and the Grand Jury ignored the bill against James.


                  HENRY 
                  GRAY
               



            . I am a livery-stable keeper, in Earl-street. This grey mare is my property, and worth 18l.
Prisoner's Defence. Taylor gave the mare into my possession at the Rosemary-branch, and told me to go to London-bridge, and wait for him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
