





507. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CAMPLIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of February
, 5 shillings, 4 sixpences, 24 halfpence, and 4 farthings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Ranson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  RANSON
               



            . I sell fish
 in Shoreditch - on the 13th of February I had the misfortune to sprain my ancle in going across the road in Shoreditch, just before twelve o'clock at night; my wife was with me, and the prisoner was coming by - she said, "For God's sake assist my husband out of the road, as I think he has broken his ancle" - he gave his assistance, and when we got to Shoreditch church another took hold of my left arm - they led me on to Middlesex chapel


; the other one then left me and ran away - I then sent my wife on to open the door, as I was in such pain - when I got between three and four doors of my house, the prisoner went away the same road as the other - I then put my hand into my pocket and missed my money, about 9s. in all; about 2s. in copper - there was one farthing I can swear to - I called "Stop thief" - I saw the prisoner stopped at the corner - I have seen the farthing since.


                  DAVID 
                  JONES
               



            . I was near the end of Thomas's-street - I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner running towards Shoreditch church as fast as he could - I pursued him - he gained upon me - a policeman crossed towards him - he turned back, and I took him - I gave him to the parties who cried "Stop thief" - the prosecutor's wife said that he had robbed them of all the money they were about to pay their rent with - there was some silver found on him; 5s. in silver, and 1s. 71/4d. in copper - he objected to being searched, and denied having any money about him.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  O'SULLIVAN
               



             (police-constable, N 220.) I took the prisoner - what has been stated is correct - I found the money stated on him - this is the farthing which the prosecutor can swear to - I took the coppers and 3s. 6d. in silver out of his different pockets.
Prisoner. The magistrate asked him if he could swear to any of the money, and he said "No."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
