





NEW COURT. - Tuesday, April 15th.
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
715. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, 1 purse, value 3d.; 2 crowns; 20 half-crowns; 4 pence; and one £5 bank note, of the goods and monies of 
                     
                        William 
                        Izod
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM IZOD. I am servant
 to Mr. Francis Patience, of Much Haddam, in Hertfordshire. On the 7th of March, I left home, and arrived in London on the 8th of March - I went to the Red Lion, in Whitechapel - I saw the prisoner there - he said he had had nothing to eat since the Thursday - this was on the Saturday - I got him some steaks, and gave him some - I then got my own breakfast, and then went and got the money for my hay, which had been sold by the salesman - I then went to the public-house, and saw the prisoner - he asked me if I would be so good as to let him go as far as Hoddesdon with me; I said he might, if he pleased - I had received a £5 note, twenty half-crowns, two crowns, and some half-pence - I put the whole of that money into a purse in my pocket - I had some loose silver in my pocket - I started between one and two o'clock, and went with the prisoner towards Kingsland - when I got there, I went in to have some beer and some victuals - I gave the prisoner part of it - I had been up the whole night before, and I got into the waggon and fell asleep, as the prisoner said he would drive - I felt the money safe when I went to sleep, and my pocket was buttoned up - while I was asleep the fore horse was unhooked from the waggon and the other horses - the waggon and I were turned down a nasty lane - a gentleman called out, "You are wrong, I think;" and I awoke and found myself in a lane, close by Ponder's End


 - I stopped the waggon, and got out - I missed one of the horses - I then felt my breeches - they were cut open, and my purse and money were gone - I gave information, and got a man to go back with me to see if we could find the prisoner - we heard of him, and at last found him lying down before the fire, in a private house, at West Green - we knocked at the door, and Mr. Green asked if Robert Smith was there - (the prisoner had told me his name) - they said he was not there, but we got in and found him - the prisoner asked what we wanted him for - I told him for picking my pocket - he said he did not pick my pocket - I said he did; Green handcuffed him with one hand; and we got him into the lane - in going along, he pulled something out of his pocket, and threw it down, it jingled - I told the officer, and my purse was picked up in the grass - there were four sovereigns, and 44s., in silver in it - I had got into the waggon, and gone to sleep about five or six o'clock - I was awoke between seven and eight o'clock, and we found the prisoner about eleven that night.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am an officer of Tottenham Highcross. I went after the prisoner - we found him at this house - I hand-cuffed him and brought him out - as he was on the way to the station-house he tried to escape from me, and threw down this purse with 6l. 4s. in it - here are four sovereigns, twelve half-crowns, two crowns, and 4s. - this new hat and new smock-frock were on him.
WILLIAM IZOD. He had no hat nor smockfrock on when I saw him with me.


                  GEORGE 
                  SCANLER
               



            . I am a labourer. I met the prosecutor at Enfield, on the evening stated - I came back to Tottenham with him; we then found the officer, and I stated the case to him - I went to the house, and we found the prisoner - I knew the prisoner well; he has been about the road for the last two or three years - I saw him throw the purse on the grass - I took it up.


                  HENRY 
                  KINGSBY
               



            . I keep a draper's shop at Tottenham. About seven o'clock that evening the prisoner came to my shop and purchased this smock frock, he paid two 5s. pieces for it - he then bought this hat of me, and gave me a £5 note - I gave him the two 5s. pieces back, and four sovereigns - the hat was 10s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
