



429. 




JOHN BAILEY
 was indicted

for stealing on the 
9th of January, 5 half-crowns, and 11s., the monies of 



William Symes, his master.






WILLIAM TUCKER
. I am a shoe-maker, and live in Hereford-street, Lisson-grove. I am in the habit of going to the shop of Mr. Symes, a grocer, in Edgeware road, to assist in his business. On the 9th of January I was there—the prisoner was also in the habit of assisting him, and was there that night—I recollect a female coming, and asking for a quarter of of a pound of coffee—the prisoner served her—she paid 6d. for it—he put the sixpence into the till, and I saw him at the same time take half-a-crown out, and put it inside the cuff of his coat—I informed Mr. Symes what I had seen—and officer was brought—Mr. Symes called me and the prisoner into the parlour—White was present—Mr. Symes asked me where I saw Bayley put the half crown—I said, "He put it in the cuff of his coat"—he said, "Where?" and I touched to the cuff, and felt it there—the prisoner said nothing, but went away fainting like—Mr. Symes said. "Have you got any more money about you?"—he said, "Yes," and took out eight shillings, and put them on the table—Mr. Symes called in White, and told him to take the money out of the cuff of his coat—he said, "Pray forgive me"—there were five half crowns and eleven shillings found in one cuff of his coat, and he took eight shillings out of one of his pockets—he said that was his own—he did not claim the rest.

Cross-examined by
MR. DUNBAR. Q. How long had the prisoner been in the employ? A. I don't know—I have been occasionally in Mr. Symes' employ for two years—I was only employed on the Saturday—I cannot say how long the prisoner was there—it was more than six weeks—Mr. Symes is not here—he is not well, and has nobody to serve in his shop now—he was present when the money was found on the prisoner—he did not attend before the Magistrate—the five half-crowns were together—they did not jingle together—it was near a gas-light that he did it—Mr. Symes was in the shop at the time, about a yard form me—he was between White and Bayley—every body in the shop might have seen this if looking at it—there was no attempt to do it under the counter—it was quite open.





GEORGE WHITE
. I am shopman to William Symes, a grocer at Grand Junction-terrace, Edgware road The prisoner was employed to assist in the shop on Saturday nights—on the 9th of January, Mr. Symes spoke to me, and I watched the prisoner—when Mr. Symes left the shop, I saw the prisoner attempt to leave the shop to go into the back court—I requested him not to leave, as customers came in several together—he returned to the counter—Mr. Symes brought a policeman to the

door, and took Tucker and the prisoner into the room—I went to the glass door of the parlour—Mr. Symes said to me," Just examine Bayley's cuff"—I put my finger and thumb into the cuff, and took out five half-crowns and eleven shillings—I put it on the table—the prisoner said, "Pray forgive me; it is the first time I ever did it; I was in great distress"—a constable was called in—the prisoner had produced 8s. besides what laid on the table.

Cross-examined. Q.
MR. SYMES was equally close to observe all this? A. Yes, if he had any suspicion; but his sight is not very good—it was nearly and hour before the policeman came, as customers came in, and we had not an opportunity of speaking to him.





RICHARD ROADRIGHT
 (police-constable P 120.) I was sent for to Mr. Symes' house—I was called into the parlour—I pound him, the prisoner, White and Tucker there—I heard the prisoner say, "Pray forgive me; it is the first time"—I took him into the shop, and found 6d. in his waistcoat, and in his coat a pocket-book, containing a letter, and twenty-eight duplicates—as I took him to the station-house, he asked me to let him speak to Mr. Symes—I refused—he then asked me to speak for him, and said he would make it right to me and my word would go further them his—White gave me five half-crowns, eleven shillings, and eight shillings, at the station-house—I searched the prisoner at the station-house, and found 5s. 6d. in his throwers's pocket—he said that was his own money, and not Mr. Symes'




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven years.
