





Third London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
81. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PAYNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of October
, 57lbs. weight of mutton, value 26s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Smout
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .
JOSEPH SMOUT. I live in Upper North-place, Gray's Inn-lane


, and am a butcher
. On the 25th of October I lost the carcase of a sheep, and two hind quarters; there were about 57lbs. - it was missed about eight o'clock in the morning; I had this sheep from Rich, Sowter's servant: the meat was lost from Mr. Hicks', in Newgate-market, on the west side - I had paid for it, and gave the scaleman 1d. to deliver it to my porter.


                  THOMAS 
                  RICH
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Sowter, of Newgate-market. The prisoner brought the meat into his shop, put it on the block, and booked it in the name of Wood - there were 57lbs, of it; it was hung up in the front of the shop for sale - the hind quarters were sold, but the sheep was delivered to the prosecutor.


                  SAMUEL 
                  COTTEREL
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Hicks. Mr. Smout bought a carcase of a sheep, and a pair of hind quarters of my master - he paid for them; and left them in my charge till he sent his porter for them; the prisoner came in Mr. Smout's name, and said he came for a Welch sheep and a pair of quarters of mutton - I gave them to him, and he took them away; soon after Mr. Smout's porter came, and I told him they were gone - I saw the carcase of meat at Mr. Sowter's, and knew it by some notches on the legs.


                  CHARLES 
                  WINCH
               



            . I live in Portpool-lane, and am a butcher. I saw the prisoner go into Mr. Hicks' shop, and ask for the sheep and the two quarters of mutton - they were given to him, and he went away; he said, "I am come for Mr. Smout's sheep, and a pair of quarters of mutton;" I saw the marks, and saw the sheep at Mr. Sowter's afterwards.


                  JOHN 
                  REA
               



            . I am a constable. I was called to take the prisoner; he was applying for the money at Mr. Sowter's desk.

JOHN MURPHY (Police-constable E 135). I have a certificate of the prisoner's conviction in May last, which I got at Mr. Clark's office - I was present at his trial, and know he is the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
