



1722. 




SARAH THOMPSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of June, 1 ring, value 8s.; 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watch chain, value 4d.; 1 seal, value 2d.; 1 watch key, value 1d.; 2 pieces of foreign silver coin value 4d.; and 5 shillings; the goods and monies of 



John Simson, from his person; and that she had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN SIMSON
. I am an in-door pensioner of Greenwich hospital, and am sixty-five years of age. On Wednesday, the 28th of June, I left the Cricketers with this girl, and went to the house No. 6, Church-court—I believe we had a quartern of gin there—we went up stairs together to a bedroom—I underssed myself and went to bed—she never went to bed with me—I soon fell asleep with my watch in my pocket, my ring on my finger, and five shillings in my pocket—I put my trowsers and cloths down by the side of the bed with my watch in my fob, with a seal and key and two foreign bits of silver to it—after I had been in bed some time, I was aroused by Jane Phillips, it was a little after ten o'clock—she told me I had better go home—I asked her where Sal was, and she said she was gone—I said I had lost my watch and ring, and what money I had in my pocket—she said she did not know any thing about that, she was gone a good while ago—I dressed myself and went home to my own bed—the following night I went in search of Sal, and saw her coming out of the Magazine public-house, between ten and eleven o'clock—I said, "Sal, you have robbed me"—Me robbed you," she says, "I did not see you after you left the Cricketers"—I said, "Sal, you have robbed me of my watch, ring and money,"—I am sure I mentioned the ring—I gave her in charge after she denied it.

Prisoner. At four o'clock on Wednesday, when I went into the Cricketers you were quite tipsy, with another woman, Witness. No, I was in company with no other woman—I did not lic down and go to sleep—I did not go to the Two Brewers, that I remember—I remember going to Phillips's and sending for some liquor, and changing a half-crown—I did not send for another quartern of gin, that I know of—I went to the room to have a nap of sleep—I put nothing under the mattress—I left my watch in my ✗pocket, and the money.





JANE PHILLIPS
. I take care of No. 6, Church-court, when my sister is out. On Wednesday evening, the 28th of June, I let a bed to the prosecut or and prisoner—between seven and eight o'clock I got them something to drink—about half an hour after they had been up stairs together, I called to the prisoner to know when she was coming—she said she was coming presently—I left the hand and looked the door—I was absent about a

quarter of an hour, and when I came back the prisoner was gone, she had got out of window—I first called the prisoner, she did not answer—I then went up stairs to try to awake the prosecutor, and could not—I came down and stopped about an hour, and at last went and awoke him—I advised him to go home, and he did—after they were both gone, I found the watch between the mattress and the bed, and when the officer came I gave it him.

Prisoner. Q. After we went up stairs, did he not send for more liquor? A. Yes; you gave me sixpence, and I brought a quartern of gin.





CHARLES WILLIAMS
. I carry on business as a pawnbroker in Trafalgarrow. On Thursday morning, the prisoner came to my shop and brought this wedding ring—I advanced 6s. on it—it was pledged in the name of Ann Jones, No. 2, Queen-street—she said it was her own property—between eleven and twelve o'clock Hill and the prosecutor came to my shop, the ring was produced, and the prosecutor claimed it.

Prisoner. I pledged it, but it was given to me by a young man who was going away.





ROBERT HILL
. (police-constable R 134.) I took the prisoner and found the ring—the prosecutor identified it—there is a motto engraved inside it—Phillips gave me the watch.





JOHN SIMSON
. This is my watch and ring—here is the make of the ring on my finger now.

Prisoner. On Wednesday about four o'clock I went into the Cricketers, and my sister-in-law was in company with the prosecutor, who was very much in liquor—I was in company with another young woman, and the prosecutor asked me to have a share of drink—we had six, seven, or eight quarterns of drink, and he laid down and wanted to sleep; then he got up and asked me to let him go to my place—I said I had got none, but I would find one—we went to the Two Brewers and had one quartern of gin, and then went up Church-court and had two quarterns of gin there—I stopped till nearly nine o'clock and tried to awake him but could not, and then I left while he was undressing himself I saw him put something under the bed, nut what it was I do not know—as to the ring it was not his, it was one I had from a young man—I went to bed with the prosecutor, cutor, and there I remained till nearly nine o'clock—Phillips saw me undress myself and go to bed—he had no money to give me but the twopence out of the sixpence that he sent for the gin—a young man gave me the ring to pawn, and I gave him the money as soon as I came out of the shop, except what he chose to give me.





STEPHEN MATTHEWS

police-constable R 142.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY of stealing the ring. Aged 20.—


Transported for seven Years.
