





1338. 
               
                  
                     ELLEN 
                     CRAWLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Charles Samuel 
                        Chattell
                     




                  , on the 21st of June, and stealing 1 gown, value 5s.; 1 shawl, value 6d., and 1 pair of scissors, value 2d.
            , his property.


                  MARY 
                  ANN CHATTELL
               



            . I am the wife of Charles Samuel Chattell - we lodge in Lower Queen-street, Islington


, on the ground floor. On the 21st of June, between four and five o'clock, I went to my mother's, next door - my husband was in bed and asleep in the back room; this property was in the front room - I locked the door, and left the key in it; I was not absent ten minutes, for while I sat at my mother's, the prisoner and another came and asked me for a person named Dunn; I told her she lived at No. 5, which is my house - they went away, but returned and asked if it was on the one or two pairs of stairs; I said the two pair back room - they were both strangers: I went home in less than three minutes, and saw them turning the corner - I found my door wide open, and this property gone; the gown had been in a box, which was shut, and the other things in the cradle - I went out, and met Harvey with the prisoner in custody, with the gown.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HARVEY
               



            . I live at the Duke of Clarence. Rotherfield-street. I saw the prisoner with some things tucked under her petticoats, and part of them hanging down; I heard this place was robbed, ran after her, and took her - the other woman ran away; I found the gown and shawl under the prisoner's clothes.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I waited outside the door - the other woman went up stairs, brought the things out to me, and put them into my apron to go to the pawnbroker's - they were not under my clothes.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
