






879. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CARTER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel Cooper 
                           Christmas
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  NEVILLE
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was on duty in Finsbury-square


 on the 12th of March, at a quarter before nine o'clock; I saw the prisoners together, behind Mr. Christmas - I saw Carter take the handkerchief from his pocket, and give it to White; the prosecutor turned, and caught White - I went and caught Carter; when I got back White had broken from the prosecutor - I cried Stop thief! and he was brought back.


                  SAMUEL 
                  COOPER CHRISTMAS
               



            . On the evening of the 12th of March I was in Finsbury-square - I had this handkerchief in my pocket; I felt something - I turned, and caught White; he got away, and ran as far as Windmill-street - he was there taken; Carter was about a yard from me when I first caught hold of him, and the officer followed him.


                  GREY 
                  HITCHINGS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was on duty in Tabernacle-walk - I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw White running towards me; I stopped him, and took him back to Finsbury-square - I there found Carter in custody.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Carter's Defence. I was going home, and the officer took me - I was five or six yards before the gentleman.
White's Defence (written.) I left my mother's about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, and on arriving at the Pavement in Moorfields, a gentleman turned round and missed his handkerchief, and he seized me by the collar, which attracted the notice of the Policeman, who immediately came up; he almost immediately perceived, at a distance, a handkerchief, which the gentleman owned; numbers of persons were passing at the time, rendering it impossible for the Policeman to speak with accuracy as to the guilty person - I certainly did resist when unjustly accused.


                  JAMES 
                  NEVILLE
               



            . I was against the rails, five or six yards from the prosecutor when the handkerchief was taken? A. I took it up from the ground, and then went to Carter - he did not run; I am sure he took the handkerchief, and gave it to White.
White received a good character.
CARTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
WHITE - GUILTY. Aged 22.




               Recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor
            .




               Confined Six Months
            .
