



2198. 




ROBERT JOHNSON, alias
 Walter Ashford,

 was indicted

, for that he having been before convicted of uttering counterfeit coin, did afterwards, on the 
1st of October, unlawfully, unjustly, deceitfully, and feloniously utter and put off to one 



William James Robert Savage, 1 false and counterfeit shilling, well knowing the same to be false and counterfeit.


MR. ELLIS
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD JOSEPH POWELL
. I am one of the under solicitors of the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Robert Johnson,

at Maidstone, in October session, 1832—I have examined it with the record at the office of the Clerk of the Peace—one read the record, and I examined the copy, and then I examined the copy against the record, (read)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person who was convicted—I was a witness in the case.





WILLIAM JAMES ROBERT SAVAGE
. I am clerk to a gentleman. My father is clerk to a gentleman in the Temple, and lives in Portugal-street—he carries on the business of a pastrycook there—on the 1st of October, I saw the prisoner at my father's shop, between six and seven o'clock—he asked for two Abernethy biscuits, which I served him with—he gave me a shilling—I took it into the parlour, and gave him 10d. in change—I gave the shilling to my father to look at, and he returned it to me—it was not out of my sight till I gave it to my mother.

Prisoner. Q. You swear I am the man? A. Yes.





WILLIAM SAVAGE
. I took a shilling from my son, and told him it was had—I returned it to him.





CLARISSA SAVAGE
. I am the wife of the last witness. I received a shilling from my son, and put it into a bag, loose—there was another shilling in the bag—next morning I took the shilling out of the bag and wrapped it in paper—I knew it to be a bad one, and know it was the one my son gave me, for I had not another bad one there—I will swear it—I had several shillings there, but not a bad one—I wrapped it in paper the next morning, after it had been mixed with the other shillings—I know the others were all good, because I never had any of them refused—I knew this to be bad when my son gave it to me, before I put it in the bag—I looked all the shillings over next morning, and have not a doubt this is the one my son gave me.

COURT. Q. Is it not possible that some of the others might be bad? A. I cannot say; but none of them were refused—I gave the shilling to the police-officer—it was the only bad one I found there.





PHILIP WEBSTER
. I am a policeman. On the 2nd of October I was in Gloster-street, about ten o'clock—I saw the prisoner in company with another man—they turned down Marylebone-lane—the prisoner ran down the Mews, the other man went another way—I followed the prisoner, and saw him go into a public-house, and wait there about two minutes—it was kept by Escot—I afterwards saw him come out—I went into Oxford-street, and saw him and the other man join together again, and go up Oxford-street, conversing together—they parted, and the prisoner went down Shepherd-street; I followed him—he turned round to the left, into Hanover-square, and stood at the corner, with his back against the railing—I went up and collared him—I said, "You are my prisoner"—he said, "Why?"—I said, "I will tell you presently"—I searched him in the street, with the assistance of a running dustman—I searched his right-hand pocket, and found two counterfeit half-crowns—I asked him how he accounted for the possession of them—he said, "I do not know: I did not know I had them in my pocket, till you found them"—I said, "That is singular; what is your name?"—he said, "Walter"—I said, "Have you not another name?"—he said, "Ashford"—I said, "Have you no account to give of the two half-crowns?"—he said, "Why yes; I must have been foolish; I must have known how I came by them: I found them"—"When?" said I—"Yesterday," said he—I took him to the station-house, and left him in custody, and went to Escot's; and on the 3rd, I went to Mrs. Savage, who gave me the shilling—I marked it in her presence.






WILLIAM SAVAGE

re-examined. When I got the shilling from my son, I looked at it, and felt it—I said it was bad, immediately—I have not a doubt of it—I cannot say it was the same as my wife took from the bag.





WILLIAM JAMES R. SAVAGE

re-examined. Directly the prisoner left the shop, I looked at the shilling, and told my father I thought it was bad—I looked at it attentively.





ELIZABETH ESCOT
. I am the wife of Robert Escot, a publican, in James-street. On the 2nd of October, the prisoner came to the bar, and asked for a glass of gin—I poured it out, and put it on the counter—I have not the least doubt of him—it came to twopence—he gave me half-a-crown—I took it up, and told him I thought it was a bad one—he said, "I wish we had many of them"—I said I should not take it—he said he had no more money, and took the half-crown away.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint. This is a counterfeit shilling—these two half-crowns are both counterfeits, and are both cast in the same mould.

Prisoner's Defence. I was sleeping, the night previous, with a man named Green, whom I had not seen for some time before—I have every reason to believe he put the half-crowns into my pocket, but I did not know I had them at the time I was taken—I believe I was trepanned into the affair—I acknowledge the former conviction—since that I have got my living in an honourable way.
(James Beverley, tailor, Adam-street, Manchester-square, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Seven Years.
