




1525. 




JOHN PERRY
 and 



ANN PERRY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
23rd of February, 5 pairs of stockings, value 2s.; 1 petticoat, value 2s.; 2 caps, value 1s.; and 2 pairs of drawers, value 4s.; the goods of 



Eleanor Thome: 2 shifts, value 2s.; 4 pinafores, value 4s.; 1 bed-gown, value 2s.; night-caps, value 2s.; and 2 pairs of stockings, value 2s.; the goods of 



Ann Day: 3 bed-gowns, value 7s.; 1 shift, value 2s.; 2 petticoats, value 8s.; 5 pairs of stockings, value 12s.; 6 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; 1 collar, value 2s.; 3 pairs of drawers, value 6s.; and 3 frills, value ls. 6d.; the goods of 



Louisa Tadman: 4 caps, value 1s. 6d.; 2 collars, value 2s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; the goods of 



Elizabeth Pinckney.






ELIZABETH PINCKNEY
. I am servant to Miss Eleanor Thorne, who keeps a ladies' seminary, in Camden-terrace, Camden Town. On the 23rd of February I hung out in the yard the articles stated in the indictment—part of them were my mistress's, and part were mine—I saw them safe at half-past two o'clock—they were hung in the yard or paddock, surrounded by a high wall, six feet high, or more—I went out a little after five o'clock, and found the lines were cut from the trees, and the clothes and lines were gone—a Person could not have got them in any other way than by getting over the will—some of the property was found in May—this cover of a cap is mine —(looking at the articles)—this petticoat and two caps are my mistress's, and this pocket-handkerchief belongs to one of the young ladies at school—I am quite sure that these were a part of the property hung up to dry—I do not know either of the prisoners.





GEORGE ARNOLD
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a pair of stockings pawned on the 7th of April, in the name of Ann Smith, lodger, No. 10, Bethnal Green-road—I have no recollection of the person who pledged it—this is the duplicate I gave her—(looking at one)—I have the counterpart of it.





CHARLES BROCK
. I am a biscuit-baker. I picked up a small paper Parcel, which John Perry threw away, in Pitfield-street, on the 9th of May, about ten o'clock—the policeman had him and the female prisoner in custody, and the man threw it away—I picked it up, gave it to another person and he gave it to the policeman.


John Perry. I did not throw it away—I put my hand into my pocket and pulled it out, and the tickets must have fallen—I did not know that they were there.





EDWARD WILD
. I am a policeman. I went to the prisoners' lodging and found a number of duplicates, and a quantity of articles marked with the initials of different persons—I was at Worship-street office, and was directed to go and make enquiries about the prisoners' character, when they were taken on another charge—I found three caps, a pocket handkerchief and a petticoat, which relate to this charge, and some other property; also some publicans' glasses, and some duplicates.





WILLIAM HOLLAND
 (police-constable N 146.) I took the prisoners into custody—they live together, but I apprehended them in Charles-square, Hoxton, on a charge of stealing a pint pot—the witness gave me a picket containing twelve duplicates—this for the stockings is one which the male prisoner threw away, and this is the only duplicate which relates to this indictment.

JOHN PERRY—


GUILTY
. Aged 27. 


Transported for Seven Years.

ANN PERRY—


NOT GUILTY
.
