






691. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  PARKER
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  MORRIS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of March
, 1 tea-caddy, value 10s.; 1 night-gown, value 1s.; 4 frocks, value 15s.; 1 flannel wrapper, value 1s.; 2 pinafores, value 1s. 6d.; 2 petticoats, value 1s.; 1 window curtain, value 6d.; 1 cap, value 8d.; and 3 shifts, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Ellis Henry 
                  West
               




            .


                  EDWARD 
                  JONES
               



             (police-serjeant D 16.) I was in Milton-street, New-road, about two o'clock, on the 3d of March, I saw the two prisoners - Morris was carrying thetea-caddy, and Parker this bundle - they saw me and made a pause at the corner of Quebec-street - I went across the road, and called to Parker, "Jack, I want to speak to you" - they both stopped - I asked what they had got - Parker said he did not know - I asked where he got it - he said he got the bundle at the corner of Lisson-grove, and was engaged to carry it for a woman, who was to give him sixpence - I then asked Morris where. he got the caddy, he would not tell me - I took them to the station-house - the caddy was tied up in a handkerchief, which Morris claimed as his - I gave it him - I then asked Parker whether Morris got the caddy as he got the bundle - he said, "Yes, a woman gave it him to carry."


                  SARAH 
                  WEST
               



            . I am the wife of Henry West - we live at Irongate-Wharf, Paddington


 - on the 3d of March I went out a little after twelve o'clock - I left a person washing in the house - I returned a little after two o'clock - I missed this property in the evening - the caddy had been on the drawers in the parlour, and these other things in the drawers.
Parker's Defence. I met a woman who asked me to carry this bundle and tea-caddy, and she would give us sixpence - the officer asked what we had got - I said I did not know, and he would not turn back with us to see where we were going - it was a short woman, with a cloak on, and a black straw bonnet.
Morris's Defence. I was with Parker, when we met the woman - she gave us these things to carry to Baker-street.


                  EDWARD 
                  JONES
               



            . Parker asked me to go to Baker-street, but that was going towards where they lived - I did not think it safe to go further in that direction with the two prisoners and the property.
PARKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
MORRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
