





1791. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     AMBROSE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of August
, 1 coat, value 2l.; 1 pair of trousers, value 18s.; 1 waistcoat, value 9s.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d., and 1 pair of braces, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Duffey
                  




               
            .
JOHN DUFFEY. I am a labourer
, and live in Springgarden-place, Pimlico. On the 9th of August I was in Lisson-grove, in liquor - I met the prisoner, and went with her to No.3, Dean-street, Lisson-grove


, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning; I recollect going into the house, and sitting on a chair in the first-floor back room; I recollect nothing after that till between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, when a woman came and awoke me - I found I was undressed in bed, and all my clothes gone; I swear she is the woman who was with me - I had seen her before, but never went with her before; I met her about five o'clock next morning, in John-street, and asked her where my clothes were - she denied knowing any thing of them; I gave her in charge - she then said she had pawned them; they were produced at the office.


                  GEORGE 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Trail, of Chapel-street, Edgware-road. On Monday morning, between seven and eight o'clock, the prisoner pawned this coat, waistcoat, trousers, and handkerchief, in the name of Ellen Newman, of Cato-street, for 10s.; I am positive she is the woman.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  CHARLES 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner on the 10th of August; she told me she had given the braces to an apple-woman in the street, and I got them from the apple-woman.
Prisoner's Defence. I met him very drunk - he asked me to take him home, and only had 6d.; which he paid for the room; he said he had no money, and sent me to pawn the things - I lost the duplicate, spent the money, and did not go back till next morning, when I was given in charge; I only got 10s. on them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
