





910. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FRANCIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of April
, 1 saddle, value 30s.
            , the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Mackey
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  MACKEY
               



            . I am a saddle and harness-maker
, and live in Devonshire-street, Lisson-grove. I have known the prisoner twelve months; he was in the habit of working in a stable-yard where I do business - on the 6th of April, he met me in the street, and asked me if I had a good postillion saddle - I said I had not, but I could get him one if the money was forthcoming; he said it was, and it was for a friend of his - I said I had better see your friend, and he took me to Cavendish-mews, he left me there, while he went, as he said, to speak to his brother-in-law - he came out, and said his brother-in-law would go as far as 35s.; I went to several shops, and in three or four hours I went to Mr. Cripps, who let me have a saddle, and sent his apprentice with it to have the money or the saddle - the prisoner had agreed that it should be paid for; I went with the saddle to Langham Church, where I met the prisoner - he went on to the White Swan - he said his friend was there, and he would take it in to him; he took the saddle off the lad's head, and went into the house with it; he went out at the back door, and I never saw him again till the last day of April, when I met him just under a gas-lamp; he turned to cross over, but I went and took hold of him - I said, "My old friend is that you?" - he said, "Mr. Mackey I want to speak to you" - I took him to the corner, where he threw my arm off and ran, but I pursued, and took him.


                  GEORGE 
                  HOWE
               



            . I assisted to take the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  RISGROVE
               



            . My master sent me with the saddle - I was to have 35s. for it; the prisoner took it off my head and went into the public-house - we found, in about half anhour, that there was a back door to the house - I never got paid for the saddle.
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me the saddle to sell - I took it into the house, and showed it to a man in the taproom, who took it out at the back door, and told me to wait for him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
