



741. 




GEORGE HARWOOD
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th of February, at 
St. James, Westminster, 2 watches, value 28l.; and one watch chain, value 1l.; the goods of 



John Charles Pybus, in the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Gilbert.






NATHANIEL BEARDMORE
. I am in the service of Mr. Pybus—he is a watch-maker, and lives in Old Compton-street, Soho. He left me one afternoon, about two or three o'clock, in care of the work-shop—I cannot tell the day—the prisoner came into the workshop about three o'clock, and asked me to fetch a cigar for him—asked if I went over the road would it do—he told me no, to go to the bottom of the street—I waited till William Chambers came, I sent him for it, and the prisoner smoked it—I was about three minutes absent from the shop—William Chambers got the cigar, but I brought it in and gave it to the prisoner—he then said he was very cold, and he should like to have some egg-hot—he asked William Chambers whether he would get the eggs—he said no, but he gave me a 1d. and I got two eggs—he took them and said he was going over to the house to get some beer and sugar—he did mot come back—the following day I missed a gold watch from the workshop—I afterwards found two were missing, and a gold key and gold chain—they were safe when the prisoner came into the room.





THOMAS BIRKETT
. I am in the service of Mr. Norman, a pawnbroker, in princess-street. On Friday, the 5th of February, about five o'clock, the prisoner at the bar pawned two gold watches with me for 2l. each, and a small chain and key which was attached to the Name of them—one is in the name of Henry Somerfield—the other, which he said belonged to his brother, in the name of John Somerfield.





JOHN CHARLES PYBUS
. I am a watch-maker. On Friday, the 5th of February, I left the witness Beardmore in care of my workshop—my gold watchers were safe at the time—these two are mine—they are worth about 25l—the house is Mr. Thomas Gilbert's—I have part of it—it is in the parish of St. Anne, Westminster.





GEORGE MARTIN
 (Police-constable C 122.) I apprehended the prisoner on the 10th of February, and found five duplicates on him, but none relating to this case.


Prisoner. I took the property in the same way that the prosecutor has lent me watches before to pledge.





JOHN CHARLES PYBUS

re-examined. Q. Do you know the prisoner? A. Yes, from a young lad—I gave him no permission to take watches out of my shop without my knowledge.
(William Maybee, a pewterer, of Rood-lane; and William Westlake, a grocer, of the Old Bailey, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY Aged 18.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor
. 


Transported for Life.
