





624. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LANGSHAW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of January
, 2 frocks, value 7s., and 1 shawl, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jeremiah 
                           Richardson
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Esther 
                           Richardson
                        



                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  ESTHER 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  Jeremiah 
                  Richardson
               



            , and live with my father in Grecian-place, Moor-lane. On the 5th of January, at half-past nine o'clock in the evening, I was returning home from Russells', the pawnbroker's, where I had been to redeem these things - I saw the prisoner in Tenter-street, when I came out of the pawnbroker's, and he followed me to Sweeting's-passage, Moor-lane


, which was about six yards; I had these things loose in my hand - he uncovered my cloak, and took them from me - I ran after him, crying Stop thief! and did not lose sight of him till he was stopped by a watchman.


                  JOHN 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 5th of January I was on my heat, and heard an alarm of Stop thief! about half-past nine o'clock, and saw the prisoner running - I stopped him; the witness, who was running after him, said he had snatched two bundles out of her lap; I found nothing on him - her brother picked up one bundle, and brought it forwards afterwards; one was a frock; and the other a shawl - the prisoner said nothing.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not say, "There goes the man who robbed the girl, I was running after him, let me go?" A. No; he dragged me to the end of the court - there was nobody in the place but him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HORTON
               



            . I am an officer. I was at the watch house - the prisoner was brought in by Simpson, charged with snatching the bundle, from under the girl's cloak; two frocks and a shawl were delivered to me - one watchman had picked up one, and another another frock; the girl swore to them before the Magistrate.
JEREMIAH RICHARDSON. My wife sent my daughter for these things - I went to the watch-house, found them there, and knew them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            , JUN. I am the son of the prosecutor. I saw the things at the watch-house, and knew them to be my father's - I am certain of them.

JAMES DALLY. I am a watchman. I found a cotton frock in Reynold's-court, about twenty yards from where the prisoner was stopped.


                  CHARLES 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am a Policeman. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the officer of this Court - (read) - I attended the trial, and am certain he is the man; I apprehended him.
Prisoner's Defence. The man let me go, and when I got into Middlesex, I fell - the watchman took hold of me, dragged me to the City, and then said, "I shall take you."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
