





Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
206. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     CONWAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Hill
                     




                  , from his person, and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HILL
               



            . I live in Welbeck-street. On the 2nd of November, I was going through Broad-street, St. Giles's


 - I received some information - turned and missed my handkerchief - I followed the person who was in pursuit of the prisoner - I saw the prisoner drop the handkerchief, which was picked up and given to me - it was my property - I know I had had it safe within an hour.


                  RICHARD 
                  PEARCE
               



             (police-constable, E. 115) I was in Charlotte-street, St. Giles's - I saw the prisoner running - I stopped him at the end of Church-lane - he said he had done nothing - I took him to the station-house, and detained him till Mr. Hill came - he said he could not help it, his mother was so poor.


                  JAMES 
                  SANDS
               



            . I was walking along, I saw the prisoner close behind the prosecutor - he was holding his pocket with one hand, and I concluded he was going to rob him - I hastened to prevent him, but before I got to Mr. Hill the prisoner ran off with the handkerchief.
Prisoner. He stated in his deposition that he saw me put my left hand into his pocket and take the handkerchief out. Witness. No: I only saw him holding the pocket, and then run off with the handkerchief - I could not see the prisoner's left hand, as I was going to meet Mr. Hill.
Property produced and sworn to.


                  RICHARD 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office, - I know he is the person. (Read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
