



1026. 




FRANCIS LEWIS
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of February, 1 liquor-flask, value 19s.; 2 clothes-brushes, valued 5s.; I looking-glass, value 1s.; 1 razor-strop, value 3s.; 1 tooth-brush, value 1s.; 2 hair-brushes, value 10s.; 1 scent-bottle, value 8s.; 12 pairs of gloves, value 7s.; and 13 combs, value 2l.; the goods of 



Edward Atkinson and another.






EDWARD ATKINSON
. I live in Old Bond-street—I am a perfumer, and have one partner. There was a fire on my premises on the evening of the 6th of February, and such goods as could be saved were removed to the premises of Mr. Lonsdale, opposite—the prisoner was his servant, and was very active in carrying the goods over—a great deal was saved—we missed the articles enumerated in the indictment when our attention was called to them—(looking at them)—here is a liquor-flask, two brushes, a looking-glass, a razor-strop, a scent-bottle, twelve pairs of gloves, and other things—they are the property of myself and partner—I can swear to them—the paper round the gloves has our mark on it—they were safe on the premises on the night of the fire.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. You cannot tell they were missed but by your books? A. I can tell by our private marks on them—I have taken stock—I have received a sum from the Insurance Office for goods destroyed and damaged—I did not include the goods missing—the upper part of the house was burnt, but none of the goods were burnt—they were damaged by water—I lost no gloves, brushes, or bottles—some large bottles were affected by the fire—many glass bottles and china were broken—I made no claim for articles of the description that are here—Mr. Lonsdale lives in Bond-street—my shop is at the corner of Burlington-gardens, in Bond-street—the things were all in glass cases, and carried off—they were returned the next morning.

COURT. Q. These were quite independent of what you claimed compensation for? A. Yes.





SAMUEL HUGHES
. I am a police-inspector. On the 16th of March found these things at No. 4, Russell-place, Bow-street—the prisoner's mother was there.

Cross-examined. Q. Besides these, yon found a scarf and veil, and some other things, that Patching had bought? A. Yes—I found the things I now produce in two boxes, some in one, and some in the other—the prisoner lived at Mr. Lonsdale's—he gave me his address—I went there, and found his mother and these things.





JANE PITTS
. The prisoner is my son—the boxes belong to him, as far as I know—I saw them at the police-station—I did not see them at my house—there were two boxes there belonging to my son, but I did not go up stairs till they were searched and locked up—I did not point them out to the officer, nor did his father-in-law, in my presence—they would not allow me to go up stairs till they were all shut up—I did not point out the boxes to the officers—they were not shown to me till the Monday, at the station-house—I was sworn before the Magistrate—I said I did not see the boxes opened—the Magistrate asked me whether the boxes in which the property was found were my son's—I answered, "Yes," and I now swear I did not point them out to the officers.

Cross-examined. Q. You have been married a second time? A. Yes—Patching was in the habit of coming to visit me—she was no further intimate with my son than as fellow servants—the boxes were not kept open

they were in my room, and I was kept down stairs by another officer, while they went up with his father-in-law.





SAMUEL HUGHES

re-examined. A short time after we were there, the witness was down stairs, and then she came up, and saw these gloves on the room; and as the boxes were going down, she said they were her son's.
(Alexander Wylie, William Marriott, Benjamin Dickens, Benjamin Atkins, and John Reynolds, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
