



63. 




JOHN ASGILL



 was indited for stealing on the 2nd of November 1 gown value 1s., 6d.; 1 frock, value 1s., d. and 1 shift, value 6d. the goods of 




George pattison.






MARY PATTISON
. I live with my father, George Pattison, who keeps a clothes shop in Grate James' street, Marylebone. On the 2nd of November I saw the prisoner, and two younger than himself, lurking about the window—I observed him well, so as to know him again; and at half-past nine o'clock I was sitting in the parlour, I saw the prisoner on the threshold, reach ling them up, and putting them under his arm—I called "Stop thief, "and he was taken almost directly—the policeman brought him back, and asked if he was the person—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Me"—I said, "Yes, it is you"—I am positive he is the person.

Prisoner. I wish to know what she can swear to me by in a dark night. Witness. It was not very dark—I saw you lurking about which made, me take particular notice of you are the man who took the property.





HANNAH NEARY
. I live at No.19, Great James-street. I was standing at a door, and heard the cry of "stop thief "—I turned and saw he prisoner coming along, running fast as he could. with a bundle under his arm—he threw it down an area—I told a person, and it was taken up in my presence.

Prisoner. I wish to know whether you take her evidence, she is a regular receiver of stolen goods, and stole a shift from a person, it was taken out by her, I live not far from where she lives. Witness. I keep a greengrocer's shop l—I I have en him before.





EDWARD BROWNE
 (police constable D 52.) I heard a cry of "stop thief" and saw two boys the prisoner I believe to be one—I pursued them—the prisoner was stopped by an officer, and delivered to me.





JOHN MANNING
 (police constable D 44.) I heard a cry "stop thief" and saw the prisoner run out of Great James street—I pursued, and called to him to stop, he stopped—I came up to him—he said, "It is not me"—I said, "Why did you run"—he said he was following a person of the name of Cruikshnaks—I said no person was running before him—I brought him back—Mary Partiosn said immediately that he was the man.





MARY PATTISON
. This is the property—It is my father's—the shift has not bee since.

Prisoner. I heard a cry "stop thief," and followed round the church, the officer came up and desired me to stop—he took me to the young woman who said it was me.




GUILTY
 Aged 20—


Transported for seven Years.
