




2071. 




JOHN BOOTE
 and 




GEORGE DAVIDSON
 were indicted for

stealing on the 
24th of September, 4 1/2 lbs. of mutton, value 2s.; and 1lb. of beef, value 6d.; the goods of 



Mary Jackson, the mistress of the said John Boote.






WILLIAM JACKSON
. I am a butcher. I manage the business for my mother. Mary Jackson who lives in Titchfield-street—the prisoner Boote was in her employ—I received an anonymous letter, and on the morning of the 24th of September, I went into the shop, and looked into a basket which belonged to Davidson—I believe he had it in his hand—I found in it three pieces of mutton and one piece of beef—It weighted 5 1/2 lbs., and was all good and saleable—I told Davidson we had been waiting for him, and he should have all the law could give him—my brother called the officer, and we gave him into custody—I saw a sixpence and sixpenny-worth of half-pence of the ledge of the bar—the meat was worth half-a-crown—Boote was authorized to sell, and if he sold, he might have put the money at the ledge; but this was very early, before the shop was open.





JAMES JACKSON
. I placed myself opposite my mother's shop that morning, and held an umbrella before my face—at five or six minutes before six o'clock, I saw the prisoner Davidson come down the street, with a flag-basket under his arm—by the description I had seen in a letter. I supposed him to be the man I wanted—he went to my mother's door, and tapped; but receiving no answer, he went on; and then came back, and stopped till Boote, who was my mother's foreman, looked out and Davidson walked in—I crossed over; and before I got across, Davidson ran out, and was walking up the street—I said, "You have been robbing my mother"—I drove him back to the door; and as soon as Boote saw me he ran back, and put something on the window-ledge—Davidson had a basked of meat on his arm, which was worth half-a-crown at least—I called my brother, and he told me to get the officer.

Boote. Davidson came and asked me to let him have sixpenny-worth of pieces—I gave him a small piece of mutton and beef—he then asked for sixpenny-worth more—I said, "Here is a bit of beef you may have for 6d—he paid me a sixpence, and sixpenny-worth of copper—the meat was not worth half-a-crown. Witness. It was worth half-a-crown at least.

JURY. Q. What was it? A. A piece of the best end of a neck a mutton, a breast of mutton, a bit of loin, and a piece of beef—they were

quite fresh, and would have sold for the same price as a piece cut off—It was not cut nor weighed—there were no weights in the scale—they were not such pieces as we sell cheap to poor people.





THOMAS MOORE
 (police-constable E 18.) I was called, and took the prisoner and the meat.

Davidson's Defence. I have had a paralytic stroke, and received 2s. a week from the parish—I used to go and job for any person—I had to beat a carpet, and went to the shop early and bought this meat—I have had more than that for a shilling of Mrs. Jackson, many a time.
(Richard Constantine, and Mrs. Russell, gave Boote a good character.)

BOOTE—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.

DAVIDSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 53.—



Confined Six Months.
