






407. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SEELIE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     RAEBURN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of December
, 2 pairs of stockings, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Savage
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  OSBORN
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I know the shop of Mr. Thomas Savage, No. 213. Tottenham-court-road


. Between five and six o'clock in the evening, on the 31st of December, I saw the two prisoners and another in company - they passed the prosecutor's shop two or three times; Seelie then placed himself against the door - Raeburn stood on one side of him, and the other on the other side; they looked round three or four times, to see if any one was coming - Seelie then turned round, put his hand inside the door, and took out two pairs of stockings - he went away, and Raeburn went up to him and had his hat off to put the stockings in; Raeburn looked at them -Pritchard came up; I said, "They have got them;" we crossed, and they ran off in different directions - I ran and caught Racburn; Pritchard brought Seelie, with the property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRITCHARD
               



            . I was with Osborne - what he has stated is true; I did not see the stockings taken, but I saw them stand against the shop, and heard him say"They have got them; I ran and caught Seelie - the moment I took him he dropped these stockings out of his hat.
Seelie. Q. Did I run? A. Yes, you all ran.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAVAGE
               



            . About half an hour before the officer brought the boys, I had seen these stockings at my door, and when I saw them again I recognized them as mine.
Seelie. Q. Were they in the shop? A. I paid particular attention to one pair, and I can state that they were in the shop, and the other did not project above an inch, if they did that.
Raeburn's Defence. A man trod on the heel of my shoe - I told him not to do that again; he ran after me across the road, and the Police-officer took me back - he said I was with this boy, but I had not seen him.
Seelie's Defence. I left home to go to Kensington, and the Policeman ran after me; a parcel of boys ran by, and one of them dashed down the stockings at my feet.
SEELIE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
RAEBURN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
