






707. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     FULLER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  HANNAH 
                  FULLER
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of February
, 10 china-plates, value 1l.; 1 writing-desk, value 1l.; 1 etwicke-case, value 5s.; 2 china bottles, value 5s.; 2 flowerpots, value 5s.; 1 print, value 10s.; 1 sheet, value 7s.; 3 china jars, value 1l., and 12 books, value 2l., the goods of Sir


                           James Webster 
                           Wedderburn
                        



                     
                  , Knt.
; and 1 salad-dish and stand, value 10s.; 1 butter-dish and cover, value 1l., and 5 books, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     McDonald
                  



               
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.
LADY 
               
                  FRANCES 
                  WEDDERBURN
               



            . I am the wife of Sir James Webster Wedderburn, Knt. - we live in Chesterfield-street, May-fair


: Hannah Fuller was our servant
 - she had to take care of the house, which was let to me furnished - I missed a case of diamonds, and sent for Goddard, the officer, who searched her box, in her presence, and found a pearl knife and some duplicates - I had missed a writing-desk, two china-bottles, two flower-pots, a print, three china jars, and some other articles; she said the duplicates were her husband's, and that he gave them into her charge to keep - he had come to the house on the Saturday before these duplicates were found; I had spoken to her about these books, and she said they were to be looked for: I had never permitted either of the prisoners to dispose of any of these things - I know this print to be mine, I had coloured it myself; I had not missed that - I thought it was locked up in my closet.
JAMES McDONALD. The house is mine: I let it furnished to this lady - the prisoner Hannah had been living in my service: this salad-bowl and butter-boats, some of the books and some knives and forks are mine - I never allowed either of the prisoners to take any of the property- the woman was there purposely to guard it.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q.Was this part of the property which was assigned to you by Sir 
               
                  James 
                  Webster
               



             Wedderburn? A. No - I purchased some property of him; he assigned to me the lease of his house, but I purchased the furniture of him for 600l. - he has been in my debt upwards of fifteen years; there was no execution in the house at the time I purchased the furniture, which was I think in April last: Lady Wedderburn was residing in the house on the 23rd of February.
JOHN HAIGH. I am shopman to a pawnbroker, in South-street, Manchester-square. These china-plates, this saladbowl and stand, this glass butter-dish and writing-desk, were pawned at our shop, by Penelope May.
PENELOPE MAY. I am the mother of Charles Fuller: he gave me all these articles to pawn; I think he gave them to me about November - he said his wife's lady had made her a present of them; he told me to pawn them in my own name, which I did, for Mrs. Forhes; I had been in the habit of going to that pawnbroker's; I never saw 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Fuller
               



             about these things, but she told me repeatedly that her mistress had made her a present of these articles.
JAMES MOODY. I am shopman to Mr. Ross, a pawnbroker, in East-street, Manchester-square. This print was pawned by the male prisoner on the 13th of December, in the name of 
               
                  Charles 
                  May
               



            .
HENRY GODDARD. I am an officer. I was sent for by her ladyship, and found the duplicates in the trunk, which referred to this property - I went to the pawnbrokers and they were readily given up to me; the female prisoner said her husband gave her the duplicates to take care of; he was in the house at the time - I went to him, and asked him if he had any duplicates; he said No - I then showed him these, and asked if they were his; he said they were: I asked if he was quite certain of that, as her ladyship had missed articles of various descriptions - he said they were his; I said he had better go with me to the pawnbroker's, and in going along I again asked him if they were his - he said Yes; but when he got to the shop he said some of the property belonged to her ladyship; I then took him - the nine plates were pawned on the 13th of December.
LADY WEDDERBURN. The man came on the 23rd of February - he had no opportunity of coming to the house in November; I had seen him there in July, and desired him not to come - I believe the prisoners are married; I saw the certificate of their marriage.


                  Charles 
                  Fuller
               



            's Defence. I was sent for by her ladyship's servant, to assist in getting some of the things awayat the time the execution was in the house; I was in want of money, and pawned these articles.
C. FULLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
H. FULLER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
