





52. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     EVERED
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
, 32 ounces of silver wire gilt, value 10l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Atherly
                  




               
            , and others, his masters.


                  THOMAS 
                  ZEPHANIAH GEORGE LAMBERT
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Atherly; I live at No. 42, Provost-street, Hoxton; the prosecutors live at No. 42, Bridgewater-gardens, City


; the prisoner was in their employ. - on the 31st of October, he asked me if Mr. Atherly came before he came in, if I would go up into the warehouse, and get him a hank of wire - I gave him thirty-two ounces - I brought it down stairs and laid it on the prisoner's bench - he was there - he followed me from the door into the shop, and stood behind me when I put it on his bench - I left it on the bench while I went to get a light, as it was the dusk of the evening - I returned almost immediately, and the prisoner and the wire were gone - I saw him again in about an hour and a half, at a public-house close by - I was with my master, and took him into custody - when I gave him the wire, I told him I had asked for a hank of wire for him, and had got it, and he came directly into the shop - it was for him to draw in the shop, on the premises; when I missed him, I gave information, and he was taken in custody at the public-house - the wire has never been recovered.
Prisoner. Q. Was I in the shop at the time the wire was brought down? A. He followed me into the shop close at my heels, and was there when I laid it on the bench. Witness. He did not come back after the wire was delivered to him; he did not go away and come back.


                  MATTHEW 
                  ATHERLY
               



            . I am in partnership with Edward Silver. On the 31st of October, I delivered a hank of silver-wire to Lambert about four o'clock in the afternoon, for the prisoner to draw; it weighed upwards of thirty-two ounces, value not less than 10l.; I have not seen it since - the prisoner has been employed by me a long time.


                  JOHN 
                  ATHERLY
               



            . I am of the same firm. I gave the prisoner into custody; he held his hand over to me, and said, "Sir, will you take this" and gave me four sovereigns, without making any observation how he got it; this was about six o'clock in the evening.


                  JAMES 
                  MURRELL
               



            . I am a city patrol, No. 2, and live at No. 8, Richardson's-buildings, Attfield-street. On the 31st of October, the prisoner was given into my custody - I saw him hand the sovereigns over to Mr. John Atherly; I asked him what it was; he said it was three or four sovereigns, which was part of the produce of the wire he had sold.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been with them now nearly twenty-four years. I conducted myself with propriety when apprenticed, and nearly up to the present time; but alterations in the firm were very disagreeable to me and to all of us, by a person formerly working for them being now brought in as a partner. I conducted myself with propriety, more to my injury than my own profit; and by the last partner coming in, who is a cunning, artful, deceitful man, both to the master and men, I believe to get the whole business into his own hands, he acts all manner of deceit and deception imaginary to all of us; he is always insulting me and the whole of the firm altogether. He has brought in three apprentices, and before my master had but two; I had been earning from 2l. 10s. to 3l. a week, which my own master promised me as long as I continued faithful to him, and that he would give me constant employment to make us a comfortable livelihood; but the last partner bringing in two parish apprentices, he wished to get rid of all the old hands; and by so doing it has made me do the present act, which I am very sorry for. I hope you will consider my long servitude, and the manner I have acted towards my master and shopmates; I have done the greatest kindness towards them, and to my own injury; and my mind was so worked up, I certainly did sell it, but never spent a farthing of the money; master received 4l. of it, and the other pound I lost.
MATTHEW ATHERLY. The prisoner has been our apprentice and journeyman for twenty years; I don't wish to say anything about his conduct latterly, but I protest against his injuring my partner; who, having been apprenticed to us, and afterwards a journeyman, his good conduct enabled us to take him into parnership - the prisoner within the last three years and seven months has received 547l. - he has not earned less than 2l. a-week for the last six months - I paid him 88l. from January to October.
Prisoner to LAMBERT. Q. How long have you known me? A. About twenty years; I never knew him dishonest, except in a similar act to this, which was looked over.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
