






150. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DUXBERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 17th of November

, 1 watch, value 4l.; 2 seals, value 30s.; 1 chain, value 1s.; and 1 hat, value 1s. 6d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wilks
                        



                     
                  , from his person
            ; and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM CHRISTOPHER 
                     CURALL
                  



               
             for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILKS
               



            . I am a coach wheelwright
. On Sunday morning the 17th of November, I was going home in a cab - I had had some liquor with a friend, but was sober; I got out of the cab between one and two o'clock in themorning, in the Edgware-road - as I was getting out of the cab I felt something touch my waistcoat - I put my hand to it, the cab turned off at that moment, and threw me off the step on my head - I had paid the fare, and the cab drove off down Chapel-street; the prisoner Duxberry and another person came up to me, and asked where I was going - I said, to No. 5, Market-street



, and Duxberry said, he would assist me home - when we got to my lodging- I knocked two knocks at the door, my landlady came to the window, and said, "Who is there" - I said, "The wheeler" - she said, "I will call Bill" - meaning another lodger - she called him, and she came to the window again, and said, "Bill is coming" - the prisoner Duxberry then snatched my hat off my head, and ran away - the hat was worth 1s. 6d., and there was a handkerchief in it which fell out on the pavement - I then discovered that my watch was gone; but whether he took it or not I cannot say - it might have been the cab-man - I had two seals and a key to my watch - one seal and key were warranted to me to be plated on silver - a person named Potts, a friend of mine had been in the cab with me - I know nothing of the other prisoner.
Cross-examined by MR. HODGES. Q. Where had you been drinking that night? A. I had been having some half and half; and then we went the Union, and had a quartern of rum between three of us - I was not the worse for liquor - I fell on my head from the cab, and that stunned me - I fell from the step, because the cab turned away before I had time to step off the step - I was not certain but what the cab-man took the watch, for he had been sitting on the seat with me, and my friend drove the cab; I had some bills printed, saying, that my watch was taken by the cab-man, as I suspected him - I was not certain who took it, but I know Duxberry took my hat - he and a man named Grace picked me up - my friend drove off in the cab- he did not know of my being thrown off - the first words that I can recollect that Duxberry said, was "Where are you going" - I told him, and he said, he would assist me home I walked home quietly - we had no fun in going along - my landlady Mrs. Smith, looked out of the window, and said, "Who is there" - I said, "The wheeler," - Duxberry then took my hat - I did not call to him to stop - I picked up my handkerchief, and staid at the door till my fellow lodger came.


                  JAMES 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a labourer. I lodge at Mr. Baker's at Kilburn; I was in Bell-street, Paddington, on Sunday morning, the 17th of November, about nine o'clock; there were several persons there and I saw the prisoner Duxberry; he asked me if I had seen William Curall; I said, I had not; he put his hand into his right trowsers pocket, pulled out a watch and said, he had picked a man up who had tumbled out of a cab lumpy, and he had got that and his tile - lumpy means tipsy, and tile means a hat - he then put the watch into his pocket again - it was a silver watch with a chased case; not a plain case; it had two seals, a key, and a steel chain; I am sure of that - while we were in conversation, William Curall came up, and Duxberry told me to stand on one side as he wanted to speak to him - I stood about a couple of yards from them, and saw Duxberry take the watch out of his pocket and shew it to Curall; Curall then took it into his hands, and they were in conversation; Curall then gave Duxberry two half-crowns, and put the watch into his own pocket, and went away; Duxberry then asked me if I would have a glass of rum; I said yes, and he took me to the Green-man, and we had a quartern, and he paid for it out of one of the half-crowns; we walked on as far as the Coach and Horses, and then he asked me to go home and have a bit of breakfast with him, and I went with him to Grace's where he lodged; I had some bread and meat and a cup of tea; I then left him - I went there again at dinner time; I had some bread and meat and then came away; I left him there and did not see him again till Monday evening, about nine o'clock; he was very tipsy and had a cap on - I saw him two or three times, but did not have any conversation with him till the Friday following, when I saw him in the Edgware-road; he said, he wanted to see William Curall as he had promised him 1s.; he said, he had fooled away the watch very foolishly; I told him there was a paper in a window and I took him and shewed it him; he said, "Yes, that was the watch and this is the tile I have on, and I had better do away with it;" I did not give information of this.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Now as Duxberry told you he had found a man lumpy and he had got that and his tile, how soon was it after that you gave information of this? A. I did not know of anything being lost till I saw the bill; I believe there was one sovereign reward on the bill; I do not know whether I expect to get it - I do not know whether I hope to get it - I came here because the prosecutor is a poor man, and I thought he should not lose his hat - I went before the magistrate and Curall was admitted to bail - I have not seen the watch since - I did not know who had lost these things, till I saw the bill on the Friday following, and then I went and told that a man I had seen in the street, told me he had stolen a watch and a hat - I live at Mr. Baker's opposite the Red Lion, at Kilburn.
Q. Were you ever known to Mr. Baker till this time? A. The carman knew me, but Mr. Baker did not; I lodge in the buildings where he keeps hay and that, as I was out of employ; I did not lodge in the open air; I lodged in Mr. Baker's hay-loft for three weeks - I never asked his permission; he did not know it - I am not known at the Delaware Arms - I was never lurking about there; I have been in there and had a pint of beer, but I was never lurking about there.
Q. Then if I were to produce anybody who had seen you lurking about there you would be surprised? A. No; I should not be surprised at all - I know 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Caylor Smith
               



            .
Q. Do you remember saying to him that you were not going to walk about without shoes, and to starve, as you knew where there were some fowls that would do very well? A. No, sir; I never said so nor anything of the kind - I was not without shoes - I knew there were fowls where I lodged - when I told his lordship and the jury that I lodged at Mr. Baker's I did not mean to represent that I lodged in his house - I was neverin any trouble myself; I was never acqainted with crime in any way - I never did any man an injury, nor any fowls - I knew that tile meant a hat and that lumpy meant tipsy, because I had heard men say so in the street many times - he did not say he had picked a man up who was lumpy and had got his ticker - I know that ticker means a watch - I have heard that too.
Cross-examined by MR. HODGES. Q. Now I want you to tell me something about the robbery at Barnet? A. I was robbed at Barnet, at ten o'clock at night; I gave evidence that 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Sturm
               



             had robbed me - I do not know what the sentence on him was - I am sure I was not taken up - I gave evidence that I was robbed of my knife, tobacco box, 9s. 6d. and five duplicates, out of my pocket - I charged three men with it, but two of them were not taken till after the assizes - I never was a witness where two men were convicted; I will swear that - I get my living by my labour at anything I can get to do - I have been employed for months together in the Regents Park and other places - I have known Duxberry for years - he has worked with me - I did not tell him he had done wrong when he gave me this information, nor when I breakfasted with him - I had seen Curall a few times before.


                  MARY 
                  GRACE
               



            . The prisoner Duxberry lodged at my house; on Saturday night, the 16th of November, I went to bed about eleven o'clock; he was not at home then; he lived with a woman in that house; I saw him at breakfast-time the next morning - Turner was there, but I did not know his name then; they were both in liquor, but the witness Turner was so drunk, that he was not able to sit at the table, he sat on the foot of my bed; Duxberry went out soon after breakfast, and when he returned home, he went to bed; I did not notice any hat in my room in particular, but I know Duxberry had a hat, and a cap, when he came to my place.
Q. Recollect what you have sworn, did you take no notice of any hat? A. There was a hat there, but I did not take notice of it; Duxberry left me, and a day or two afterwards, the woman he lived with, came and asked me for Tom's old hat, and I gave it her.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PHILLIPS
               



             (police-constable T 54). I went to Grace's shop about four o'clock on the Friday - I searched the privy, and found these pieces of hat down there; the prosecutor was with me.
WILLIAM WILKS. This is part of the hat I lost - here is a part of the crown which I can swear to, for it was standing on my tool chest one day, and I dropped an inch and a half chisel on it, which cut it through; there was another piece I could have sworn to, but it was very filthy and we did not bring it.
Witness for the defence.
MATTHEW CAYLOR SMITH. I am a labouring man, but my mother supports me when I am at home; she is a laundress, and lives in Bury-place, Bell-street, Edgware-road; I have seen Turner about - he told me he was not going to walk about without shoes and to starve; he was told to look for work, and he said if he went walking about, he should not have shoes to go to work with; he said he had not slept in a bed for a month, but down at Kilburn some nights in a hay-rick, and sometimes in a shed, and sometimes in a building; he said there were bantum fowls there, and he intended to have shoes before long, or something to get shoes with.
BAKER. I am a farmer, and live at Kilburn; I am afraid Turner lodged about my place to my inconvenience - I lost a great many fowls; when my hay is put out for my cattle, Turner walks in and takes the hay and covers himself with it; there was a very bad character lodged with him.


                  JOHN 
                  GARRETT
               



            . I lodge at No.'9, Bond-street, in the next room to William Curall; on the 17th of November, I was at home; I heard him in his room at nine, at half-past nine, and at ten o'clock; at half-past ten o'clock I was in his room - he was then at breakfast, and had no coat on; I am confident he had not been out that morning.


                  GEORGE 
                  METCALF
               



            . The prisoner Curall lodged in my house, in the next room to the last witness; on the 17th of November, I left my house at half-past ten o'clock or rather better; he was at home then, and I am positive he had not been out; I answered for his appearance before the magistrate; he had lodged a year and ten months with me.


                  JAMES 
                  GRACE
               



            . The prisoner Duxberry lodged with me; on Saturday night, the 16th of November, he came home - I think it was not after twelve o'clock; I was standing at the corner of Lisson-street, and the pork butcher's shop was not shut up; I got the mattress out, and made a bed up for him in the same room I slept in, but he came home after and went to bed - he had been drinking a little.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILKS
               



            . This is the man who was with Duxberry when he picked me up.


                  MARY 
                  SMITH
               



            . The prosecutor lodged at my house; he came home and knocked twice at my door - I looked out and saw him, and Duxberry was with him, he had a blue cap on.
Cross-examined by MR. HODGES. Q. What time was this? A. The clock struck two as I was putting the window up - I can swear that Duxberry was the person I saw; he had a blue coat and a blue cap on; I picked him out of the cell at High-street.
DUXBERRY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CURALL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
