





468. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FINLAYSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of January
, 18 gallons of brandy, value 27l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Lucy
                        



                     
                   and another, and then being in a certain boat, in a certain port of entry and discharge, called the port of London
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Duncan 
                     Dunbar
                  



               
             and others.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  LUKE
               



            . I am a constable, stationed at the West India Dock


. On the morning of the 4th of January, before the usual time of opening the gates, the prisoner came to me at the gate, and asked if he could get out; it was then about ten minutes past seven o'clock in the morning - I asked him where he came from; he said from the dock, where he had been all night watching the Princess Vittoria - I said that ship did not want watching; he then said he had been watching a craft alongside of it - I said"What is in it?" he said brandy - I said that was Mr. Lucy's; he said Yes, it was - I asked what he gave him for watching; he said two shillings - he kept shaking, and said he was so cold; I said, "I hope you have not brought any brandy away" - he said No, and took off his hat; I felt a gimblet in his side-pocket, - I then searched him - I found on him a tin tube, a handkerchief tied round his body, and a bladder fastened to it, containing five pints of brandy; I said "you have plundered your charge;" he said "It is only a little drop, take no notice of it;" I said I must, and took him into custody - I went to Mr. Dunbar, who went with me into the boat, called the Charles, by the side of the Princess Vittoria; there were ten pieces of brandy in it - I found a spile in one, the size of the gimlet which I found on the prisoner; I took the brandy to the dock, where it was guaged, and eighteen gallons found to be deficient - I then went on board of the Maria, which also laid along side of the Vittoria, and found some skins of brandy under her head-sheets, and some under her stern-sheets; there were eighteen gallons and a quarter of brandy in all, which seemed to be part of the same quantity.

Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. Did you try the strength of the brandy? A. The revenue-officer did; I think I can tell if there is one degree difference in the strength of brandy.


                  THOMAS 
                  LUCY
               



            . I am in partnership with my brother. The lug boat the Charles belonged to us; she was sent to receive ten puncheons of brandy on account of Mr. Dunbar - it was alongside of the Vittoria, and was to go on board of that vessel; the prisoner was never in our employ, nor appointed to watch that boat - the West India docks are considered a part of the Port of London, by a clause in the last Act, which I have here.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SPARKS ELLIOT
               



            . I am a locker in the Customs. I was at the rum wharf of the West India docks, on the 2nd of January; I guaged ten puncheons of brandy to be shipped on board the Vittoria; No. 29 had one hundred and eleven gallons in it, and No. 33 had one hundred and twelve gallons - I was present on the 4th of January, when they came back to be re-guaged by Mr. Russell, and I chequed them; in No. 29 was a deficiency of nine gallons, and in 33, nine gallons also; they had been in the lug boat, by the side of the Vittoria.
Cross-examined. Q. Were they of the same quality as near as could be? A. There might be two or three tenths difference in the strength.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM RUSSELL
               



            . I am a guager in the Customs. On the 4th of January I guaged No. 33, and on the day following No. 29; there was a deficiency of nine gallons in each; I tried the brandy found in the skin, and that taken from the bulk, there appeared a difference of about 1 1/2 per cent. between that and the bulk - the shifting it from vessel to vessel would account for that; I have known it lose 2 per cent., by racking and by evaporation.
Cross-examined. Q. In drawing it off it is exposed to the air? A. Yes, and I imagine that it will lose strength by that; there might be some exposure to the air if it passed through the tube - it might not be a close fit, or the bladder might not be closed tight.


                  JOSEPH 
                  JONES
               



            . I went on board the boat, and saw the plug-holes.


                  JOHN 
                  FOY
               



            . I am principal of the Police at the docks. On the morning of the 4th of January Luke brought the prisoner to my office; I made him no promise or threat -I asked where he got it from; he said he had it from a craft of brandy he had been watching for Mr. Lucy, in the Export-dock, along side the Princes Vittoria; I asked if he had any more - he said he had not, that he was going to take it home, and no other person had been concerned with him; I suspected that more might have been extracted, - I desired Luke to make a search, and they produced in all, eighteen gallons and a quarter, in eleven bladders.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure he said it was his own doing? A. Yes, he persisted for four or five hours in the same story; a person could take that quantity of liquor out of the vessels, but such a thing has not occurred for a length of time, as it is very difficult to do it.




               GUILTY of stealing five pints only
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
