





28. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DEARMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of November
, 32 lbs. weight of wheat, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Mellish
                  




               
            , Esq
.
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  MEAD
               



            . I am constable of Enfield. I received information on the 25th of November, in consequence of which I went with Watkins to the road near Mr. Mellish's farm-yard - about five o'clock the prisoner came up, and we stopped him; he had a bag of wheat at his back, in a basket - this stocking of wheat was round one of his thighs, and this other stocking round the other, and this bag of wheat was tied before him under his smockfrock; we took him to the watch-house - I said I should search him; he said it was of no use, he would give it up, and he did so - I said, "Have you any at home?" he said, "No nothing but a few potatoes;" we went to his house at Ponder's-end, and found about three bushels more of wheat - I have brought a sample of it, and there were eight or nine sacks of potatoes.


                  RICHARD 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I am a Bow-street horse-patrol. I was with Mead - what he has stated is quite correct.


                  CHARLES 
                  ROBERT BRADEY
               



            . I am bailiff to William Mellish, Esq., of Bush-hill Park


. The prisoner was a thresher
, and had been threshing wheat that day - I have looked at this wheat, and believe it to be Mr. Mellish's, and likewise that found at the prisoner's house; I have compared them with the bulk at Mr. Mellish's - the prisoner has not worked for any body else for a year and a half.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
