





1227. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BARNS
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, six drinking-glasses, value 3l., the goods of the 
                     
                        
Marquis
 of Bath
                        



                     
                  , to whom he was servant
            .


                  SARAH 
                  ALLEN PATMORE
               



            . I live in Adam-street, Manchester-square. The prisoner lodged with me - his wife is still with me; Gardner came to my house - I showed him the prisoner's room, and saw him go into it.


                  RICHARD 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I am an officer. On Friday, the 28th of April, I went to the prisoner's lodgings, which Patmore pointed out - a woman was there who said she was the prisoner's wife: I saw a great many glasses on the sideboard, and seized six, in consequence of what the steward said - I afterwards went with the steward to Lord Henry Thynne's at Roehampton, and apprehended the prisoner; I told him I took him on suspicion of stealing the Marquis of Bath's plate and also some glasses - nothing was said to induce him to confess; I cantioned him to say nothing to me that might hurt him hereafter - he said he knew nothing about the plate, and that he had bought the glasses; he mentioned some place, and said his wife bought some of them - we came to town in my chaise; the steward and him were in conversation, and I heard him say to the steward, "If I must tell you, I did take a part of the glass;" in consequence of that I again went to his lodging, and brought away in all thirty-six glasses - I left about a dozen plain ones behind; there are seven different patterns here.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Did you hear all the conversation between him and the steward? A. Not the beginning of it, but to the best of my recollection the steward told him the maker could swear to the glasses - his wife was at home when I took away the six; I left her there, returned in the evening, and still found the rest on the sideboard.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You had him in custody all the time? A. Yes - I did not tell his wife I was going to apprehend him.


                  EDWARD 
                  BRAMSDEN
               



            . I am steward to the Marquis of Bath. While the prisoner lived there I missed glass several times, once in particular from Longleat


 - on the 23rd of May, as I came from Roehampton in the chaise with the prisoner, I did not make him any promise or threat; I told him these were Lord Bath's glasses - he said they were not; I said I was quite positive of it, and that Mr. Beaumont could swear to part of them (he had not furnished them all;) he then said,
"I did take part of them" - these are such glasses as were in the Marquis' possession, and to the best of my belief, every one of them are his; they are exactly the sort of glass I missed.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Did you not tell him he had better admit the fact to you? A. Nothing of the kind - our coachman tells me he has visited the prisoner once; he told me where he lived - I do not suppose he would know the glasses if he saw them; he never waited at table - when the officer brought the six away, I told the prisoner's wife that every glass belonged to the Marquis, to the best of my belief, and she said her husband bought them; I brought away one of each pattern; part of them were bought of Mr. Brumsley, and part of Mr. Naylor - they were made to my order by an exact pattern, which I have kept for the last eleven years; I always furnish a pattern to have them made by, except this one, which is quite a new pattern in his Lordship's stock - here is one pattern I never saw any where else; these two goblets are Mr. Brumsley's pattern.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You brought away one of each? A. Yes: here are two large goblets, four of these, six of another, and six of each pattern wine glasses; they are the exact pattern we use - I give out the glass.
MR. ALLEY. Q. Are you not forced to keep up the stock of glass at your own expence? A. No; I never paid for a glass; the servants are never called on to pay for broken glasses - there is not an allowance made for it; I would not live in such a family - when I want glass his Lordship desires me to get it, and he pays for it.


                  THOMAS 
                  BRUMSLEY
               



            . I am a glass-dealer, and live in St. James'-street. I supplied the Marquis of Bath with some glass; here is one pattern of goblets of which he had two dozen, on the 26th of March, 1829; and on the 11th of July four dozen goblets similar to this pattern - I had sold the pattern before; there are no more patterns which I can identify - I sell wine-glasses, such as these, but did not supply them to my knowledge.
Cross-examined. Q. These are not a new pattern? A. No; I supply many noblemen, and have sold a great many of this pattern - I can swear these came out of my shop, but not that I sold them to the Marquis of Bath.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You sold the Marquis two dozen of one, and forty of the other? A. Yes - I never sold the Marquis such glasses before; these cut tumblers are about 30s. a dozen, and the goblets 36s. - one pattern of wines 18s., and the other 20s.
MR. PHILLIPS to MRS. PATMORE. Q. What floor did they lodge in? A. The first - I have gone in and out of their apartment, and so have their friends; I do not recollect Lord Bath's coachman coming to see them - these glasses were always on the sideboard.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How long had they lodged with you? A. From the 6th of March - they had only one room, at 5s. a week, and furnished it themselves; the sideboard is a shelf in a recess by the fire-place - they slept and lived in one room; I did not observe whether the glasses increased or diminished after they came - I was not often in the room; they brought the rent down to me generally.

Prisoner's Defence. I have people to prove I bought the glasses.


                  JOHN 
                  SAWYER
               



            . I live at Kennington - I am not in business, I was in service; I was in the brokery line in the New-cut about six months ago, (about Christmas,) and sold the prisoner some glass of this kind, to the best of my knowledge (looking at a tumbler) - I cannot say how many I sold him - I think I sold him glasses like these two wines.
COURT. Q. You have now fixed on three patterns - take one; how many did you sell him of that description? A. I cannot say - I keep no books; I was only employed as a servant - there is no mark on the glasses; they are patterns I was in the habit of selling, and had generally in the house.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. In what line are you now? A. In the book line - I live in Clayton-street, Kennington; I buy books at sales, and sell them - I keep no shop; I was servant to a broker nine months ago - his name was Laurence; he lives in the New-cut now - he knew of my selling these glasses; he is not here - I left him at Christmas - I was in his service nine months ago, and left him six months ago - I had been in his service three years.
Q. Then what do you mean by being his servant nine months ago? A. I was his servant for three years, up to about six months - I left about Christmas; there has been no glass like this brought to me since this inquiry - I was not before the Magistrate.
Q. How did you know you could swear to any glass to-day? A. I was subpoenaed to attend, and speak to glass which I sold him; I could tell the pattern of every sort of glass I have sold for these twelve months - we sold a great many; we bought them of the maker; these large ones were bought of a man named Lazarus - we bought glass of that pattern of him, and the same quality; he lives in Houndsditch - we used to give about 2s. 6d. a pair - I sold them for 3s. 6d. a pair; I am not acquainted with the prisoner - they found me out by going to Mr. Lazarus to enquire for his servant; they did not know my name - I sold him glasses three or four times, but how many I cannot tell.
MR. ALLEY. Q. It was not Lazarus but you that sold the glass? A. No.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  SELKIRK
               



            . I am a glass manufacturer, and have been in the trade three or four years - I have sold goblets of this description; these patterns are to be found any where - I do not recollect having seen the prisoner or his wife.
MR. 
               ADOLPHUS, Q.
             Take that goblet up - what are they worth? A. I should be glad to take for such as these 2s. 6d. a piece, that is 30s. a dozen; and these small cut tumblers I would sell at 16d. each.
Prisoner. I did not say what the witness states - I said if they were theirs they must be theirs.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
The indictment further stated that the prisoner had been previously convicted of felony, but no evidence was offered on that point.
