






1239. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DEWERT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     NEWMAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 4d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac Thomas 
                           Absell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ISAAC 
                  THOMAS ABSELL
               



            . On the 25th of April my handkerchief was in my left hand pocket - I was in Cow-lane


 about ten minutes before ten o'clock in the evening; I did not see it taken, but a witness tapped me on the shoulder, and asked if I had lost it; I had had it about a quarter of an hour before - this is it; it has W. P. 2 on it - I did not see the prisoners till I turned round, and a gentleman laid hold of Dewert, and told me to take Newman, which I did - there was a mob, and I was close to them; there was a noise with the watchman or something, I cannot tell what.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Is it not a very narrow passage? A. No; I looked at the mob, but did not stop a minute - I had not observed any persons behind me till the gentleman touched my shoulder.


                  THOMAS 
                  TOOLE
               



            . I was in Cow-lane - I saw the prosecutor there; I saw the two prisoners trying several genmen's pockets - I watched them; they were together following two gentlemen down to Paternoster-row; the prosecutor was stopping, and they came behind him - Dewert took the handkerchief and gave it to the other; they went away together - I laid hold of Dewert, and told the gentleman to take Newman - Dewert said, "What! what!" I said, "You have taken this gentleman's handkerchief;" he said, "I have not got it, search me;" I said, "That is of no use, you have parted with it."
COURT. Q. Where was the prosecutor? A. With his face towards the crowd; there were some persons behind him; the prisoners were two of them.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. How far were you from the prisoners? A. They stood close to the gentleman, and I stood close to them - I did not take them immediately; there were many persons - I might have been knocked down; I do not suppose they observed me - they moved away; I took one, the other went a few doors he then stopped, and turned round; I swear they are the persons I saw behind the prosecutor - I did not see the handkerchief in the prisoners' possession, till the prosecutor said he had got it; there were eight or ten persons, but they did not watch them as I did.


                  GEORGE 
                  BUSH
               



            . I was coming down Hosier-lane, and saw the prosecutor hold Newman - I did not see the other till a little while afterwards, when Toole brought him out of King-street; the prisoners were charged with taking the handkerchief out of the pocket - they did not say any thing; when I took hold of Newman the handkerchief dropped from him - I took it to the watch-house.
Cross-examined. Q. Where did you see him? A. In Hosier-lane, ten or twelve yards from Cow-lane - I had only just come out of the watch-house, and was going on duty; I collared Newman, as he was against the shutters; the handkerchief dropped behind him - no persons were behind him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TURNBULL
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoners in custody at the watch-house; this is the handkerchief.
The prisoners received a good character.
DEWERT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
NEWMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
