






Before Mr. Justice Alderson.
1743. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, 13 handkerchiefs, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James William 
                  Brown
               




            .


                  GEORGE 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I am in the employ of James 
               
                  William 
                  Brown
               



            , a hosier
, in the Strand


. On the 14th of July, about half-past three o'clock, I found the glass of the window broken and thirteen handkerchiefs taken out; I looked round, and the Policeman brought the two prisoners back to the shop - he had some of the handkerchiefs in his hand; I had not seen the prisoners at the window.
JOSEPH MORTON. I am a Policeman. I was on duty, and saw the prisoners standing at Mr. Brown's shop window for about one minute; they then both ran away together; I followed, and took them; Wright took two handkerchiefs out of his bosom, and said, "I found these two, and will give them you - they are not mine;" Jones had nothing; on the way to the watch-house he abused me most scandalously, and struck me twice in the face; I did not see Wright drop any thing, but a gentleman picked up these six handkerchiefs in the Strand, and gave them to me, as I took them to the station-house; Jones got from me, but was secured again.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TREWATHER
               



            . I searched Wright after he was taken, and found five handkerchiefs, between his shirt and skin.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Wright's Defence. I saw something in the window, and thought it was a bill; I looked at it, and a young man who stood there threw the handkerchiefs down - I picked them up, and gave them to the Policeman.
Jones' Defence. I do not know this boy, and was not with him.
WRIGHT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
