



2422. 




PHOEBE ANDERSON, alias
 Mary Smith,

 was indicted

for feloniously uttering a counterfeit half-crown to 



Sarah Margaret Jones; saving been previously convicted of uttering base coin.


THE HON. MR. SCARLETT
and
MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am Assistant Solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Phoebe Anderson, for uttering counterfeit silver, at this place, in November Session, 1838—this I have examined with the original record in Mr. Clark's office, and it is a true the copy—(read.)





MARK BREAKSPEARE
. I am a policeman. I was present at the trial of the indictment in question—the prisoner is the person who was then convicted—I was the officer, and had her in custody—I have not the slightest doubt of her.





JAMES BRIGDEN
. I am assistant to Mr. Baker, a linen-draper, in Upper Eaton-street, Pimlico. On Friday, the 2nd of August, the prisoner came to our shop for a few trifling articles of silk and tape, which came to 3d.—she offered me half-a-crown, which I saw was bad—I told her it was a bad once, and asked how she came by it—she made no reply—I sent for a constable, and gave her in charge—I marked the half-crown, and handed it to

Mr. Dowling, Mr. Baker's partner, and he handed it to the policeman, in the prisoner's presence—I marked it before I gave it to him, and am sure it was the same.





THOMAS WORFEL
. I am a policeman. On the 2nd of August I was called into Mr. Baker's shop, and saw Mr. Dowling, Brigden, and the prisoner there—she was given into my charge—I received the half-crown from Mr. Dowling, which I produce—I am quite sure it is the same—I have kept it ever since—I took the prisoner to the station-house—she was searched by a female, but nothing found on her—she was afterward discharged by the Magistrate—she gave the name of Phoebe Anderson.





SARAH MARGARET JONES
. I am a widow, and kept a green-grocer's shop in Wilderness-lane, Dorset-street, Fleet-street, at the time in question. On Saturday, the 10th of August, the prisoner came there, and asked for 3d. worth of beans, which I gave her—she tendered me a half-crown—I had no change, and went to the Rose and Crown public-house to try to change it, leaving her in the shop-three gentlemen at the bar looked at it, but I never parted with it out of my hand—they said something to me, and, as I came back from there, I met Mrs. Hand, a neighbour—I showed it to her—she took it out of my hand, and followed me back to my shop—I found the prisoner there, and said, "You have given me a bad half-crown"—she said, "No"—Mrs. Hand said, "You know you have"—I said, "You must put down the beans," which she did instantly, and walked away—I followed, and gave her in charge—Mrs. Hand retained the half-crown.

Prisoner. She did not mark it before I got to the station-house Witness. When I got to the station-house Mrs. Hand delivered it to the policeman, and I marked it by the policeman's direction—Mrs. Hand had it all the time till I marked it, and the constable took possession of it immediately.





AMELIA HAND
. I am a widow, and live near Mrs. Jones. On Saturday morning, the 10th of August, I received half-a-crown from her—after looking at it I went with her to her house, and then to the station-house. I there gave Buckingham the same half-crown.





EDWARD BUCKINGHAM
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody, and received the half-crown from Mrs. Jones, in the presence of Mrs. Hand—I produce the same—the prisoner gave the name of Smith.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin, and have been many years in the habit of examining counterfeit coin—this first half crown is counterfeit in all respects—the other is also counterfeit, and they have both been cast in the same mould—they are alike in all respects.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan

