



1320. 




JOHN GREEN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of April, 200 yards of silk, value 20l.; 1 harness, value 5s.; 1 reed, value 15s.; and 2 rollers, value 8s.; the goods of 



John Alexander Covell—2nd Count, stating them to he the goods of 



William Emerson.






ELIZABETH COVELL
. I am the wife of John Alexander Covell, of James-street, Bethnal-green, I am a weaveress, on the 6th of April I employed the prisoner to carry two heavy rollers, and 200 yards of silk on them, from Booth-street, Brick-lane, to James-street, Bethnal-green—I sent my husband with him to take care of the property, and to conduct him to the place where he was to go—I met the prisoner, and husband with him, in Brick-lane—the prisoner had the property on his shoulder, and my husband was walking behind him—I followed them some distance, and left them both walking together—I got the key of the door from my husband—in about twenty minutes my husband returned, and said the prisoner had run away from him with the work—there were 200 yards of silk rolled upon the roller, the silk is worked through the harness—on one roll there was between fifty and sixty yards manufactured, and on the other some silk unmanufactured—we never saw it any more—on that day week, a young woman, who works with me, went into the next street to where I live, and saw the prisoner—I saw the prisoner in consequence of breaking my arm, and was forced to get a person to do my work, and he came to do it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What day was it you employed

this man? A. On Tuesday, the 5th of April—I did not entrust him with this property, but my husband—the prisoner was only a porter—it was on the 6th of April he had it to carry—it was my employer's silk—my husband is infirm—he and the prisoner left the place together—the prisoner was dressed in a dark coat, brown or black, with yellow bottons, and a round hairy cap—I saw him again on the 13th, which was a week afterwards—I have two sons—one of them has been a source of some trouble to me, but he had left me then—he is a whip-maker.

COURT. Q. You saw the prisoner on the 5th of April? A. Yes; he came just as I was going to the surgeon's to have my arm dressed and asked me if I had a loom's work standing—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Will you let me come and make it?"—I said, "That is a second consideration"—he was there about ten minutes—he came again in the evening, but did not stop two minutes—I said it was too late then, and I told him to come again in the morning. which he did between seven and eight o'clock—he was there then about an hour—long enough to make twenty-four inches of work he came again the some evening, at five o'clock, so that I saw him him four time—I have not any doom that the is the man—I gave him this work to carry to James-street, as we were moving.





JOHN COVELL
. I am the prosecutrix's husband. I remember the prisoner coming to my house on Wednesday, the 6th of April, about five o'clock in the evening—he had been there that morning before, and I saw him—he helped me take down a bedstead—he tied up the bedstead; and about half past seven be took the work, which was made and unmade, and went with me towards James-street—he carried the silk—I walked behind him—I was unable to carry it myself—we got within fifty or sixty yards of the house in James-street—we were in Oaklcy-street—he stopped to rest his load, as he complained of the weight of it—I remarked that we had not far to go—he then took it on his shoulder again, and came to the corner of Granby-row, which is about thirty or forty yards from the house where we were going to—I stepped forwards to open the door for him, and when I turned round he was gone—I am confident he went up Granby-row—he could not have gone any other way—I was so terrified and confounded for the moment that I was not in possession of myself—I called out, and went up one street, and down another, but could see nothing of him—I have not the smallest doubt but that he is the man, because he took tea at my table before he took down the loom.

Cross-examined. Q. When you recovered yourself, what street did you first go up? A. I went up Granby-row, which leads into New King-street—I will not swear that I saw him run away; but when I turned round, he was gone—he ran up Granby-row—I saw this silk packed up before I gave it him.





ELIZA DURELLE
. I am a weaveress, and live in Pedlar-street, Spitalfields. I was at No. 33, Booth-street, on the 6th of April, about five o'clock, and saw the prisoner take the loom down, and he helped me to take my loom down—I saw the work on his shoulder, and Mr. Covell with him—I worked at the same place—I saw him on the 13th of April, in Bethnal Green-road, and knew he was the man I ran to Mrs. Covell's. and knocked at the door—they sent two men out of the shop with me, and he was taken; and before the policeman came up he said, "What have I done?"—I said, "Never mind what you have done; you will soon he made to know"—he sat himself down in a chair till the policeman came.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw him taking down the loom? A. Yes:

when I saw this load on his shoulder, it was about half-past seven o'clock—I had this silk in the house before—when I saw him afterwards on the 13th he was looking through a shop window—Bethnal-green-road in near James-street.





ELIZABETH JONES
. I am thirteen years old, I saw the prisoner on the 6th of April, at about half-past seven o'clock, running up Granbyrow, with the work on his shoulder—it was like the silk they carry about out neighbourhood.
Prisoner, I leave it all to the merciful consideration of the Court.




GUILTY
. Aged 24—


Transported for Seven Years.
