





85. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of November
, 1 handkerchiefs, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James Selby 
                     Robson
                  




               
            , from his person.


                  THOMAS 
                  PROTHEROE
               



             (City Police-officer 61.) On the night of the 4th of November I followed the prisoner and a companion of his, from Fleet-street to St. Paul's church-yard


; I there saw the prisoner put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, and take his handkerchief - I was about four yards from him; I sprung at him, but fell down, and hurt myself very much; I said to my brother officer,"Follow him, he had got the property."


                  HENRY 
                  LUCAS SCOTT
               



             (City Police-officer No. 59.) I was with Protheroe; I followed the prisoner into Paternoster-row, and from there to Ivy-lane - I saw him shuffling his hand, but I was exhausted, and did not see what he did - he was stopped by a gentleman; he knocked the gentleman down - I did not see the handkerchief picked up, but I saw the prisoner make a motion with his hand.


                  EDWARD 
                  TUCK
               



            . I am a watchman, and live in Holiday-yard. I found this handkerchief in the gutter, in Ivy-lane, a few yards from where the prisoner was taken, and in the direction he had run - I gave it to Scott, at the watch-house.


                  JAMES 
                  SELBY ROBSON
               



            . I live in High-street, Borough. I was in St. Paul's church-yard on the day in question - I lost this handkerchief; it has my name on it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
