



633. 




GEORGE TOLLEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of January, 1 sack, value 1s.; and 2 1/2 bushels of oats and beans mixed together, value 10s.; the goods of 



Robert Wagstaff, his master; and that he had before been convicted of felony.






ROBERT WAGSTAFF
. I am a farmer, and live at West Ham, in Essex. The prisoner had been in my service about seven months—he was a carter and ploughman—on the 17th of January, on my way home round my fields, I discovered a sack in a ditch of what we call the nine-acre field—the sack had my name on it, and contained beans and oats mixed—I had no doubt of the sack and its contents being mine, and I directed my servant, James Trench, to watch—the sack was covered with grass, as if to conceal it—I set Trench to watch on Saturday night, and he brought the prisoner to me between five and six o'clock on the Monday following—the prisoner said, "Master, your watchman has caught me with a little corn—I am very sorry for it—I meant to give it to my horses."

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. He said he had been caught with a little corn? A. Yes; I deal in potatoes—this was a potatoe sack—I found this sack in one of my own fields, forty-two rods from my house—there are no persons to whom I sell potatoes, nearer than the village, which is about sixty rods off—there was a small quantity of bran in this corn—

there was some bran in my granary, which lies south-west, and when the wind sets that way, it blows the bran over the corn.





JAMES TRENCH
. I watched from the Saturday till the Sunday night, and the prisoner came between five and six o'clock, and took the sack out—I followed him—I then heard a cart coming—I drew back, and laid down under the hedge—the carter saw me, and he passed by without stopping—the prisoner came again at six o'clock and took the sack, (which he had before removed to a gate-way near the road,) and I collared him.

Cross-examined. Q. Must not the prisoner have seen you the first time? A. I do not know that he did—the carter saw me, and went past—I had no occasion to take the prisoner then, for I expected he would come back, and he did—I knew him—he did not see me the second time, till I took hold of him—I said, "George, I have got you"—he said he knew had had done wrong, and he was sorry for it—I did not say any thing to him about a pot of beer—he said he was going to take it to his master's horses, but he was taking it the wrong way to go to the stable.





CHARLES SMITH
. I received charge of the prisoner and this sack—when I was searching him at the watch-house, I said, "George, it is a bad job for you"—he said, "Yes, I know I have done wrong, but I must go through it now"—he said he took the corn out of the bin, and it had been there for a week.





JOHN WRIGHT
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office (read)—I took him on that occassion, and I know he is the same man.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
