






1618. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CHAMBERLAIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the shop of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Cook
                        




                     
                  , on the 10th of October
, and stealing therein 5 boots, value 14s.; 2 shoes, value 6s.; and 1 last, value 6d.; his goods
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COOK
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and live in the Edgeward-road


. My shop is on one side, and my house on the other, about twelve yards distance - on Friday night, the 10th of October, I fastened up my shop about five minutes before ten o'clock - I left every thing safe then - I went to bed about half-past ten o'clock, and at a quarter before eleven the watchman called me, and asked whether I knew that my shop window was open - I said, "No" - I got up and found it was open - the window was fastened when I left - there is a fastening to it, and there was one broken pane, but I should think a man could not get his hand through there - I missed five boots, one pair of shoes, and a last - my shop is in the parish of Paddington - I went round Bell-street the next morning, but could not find any thing of my boots - I went home, and got my breakfast, and went out again - I then saw Smith - he saw me, and ran off - I pursued, and took him with one pair of my boots on his feet.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am a policeman. I was on duty, and saw Smith and two others in company with a common prostitute, near the Red Lion, which is about two hundred yards from the prosecutor's, about a quarter before eleven o'clock on this night - I went round my beat, and there saw the two prisoners within twenty yards of the shop - I went round again, and then saw the window open, and heard of the robbery - I went round, and found one pair of buttoned boots, and one pair of other boots - I found this boot and a pair of shoes in the shed - I took notice of the boots that Smith had on - Chamberlain was with him - there were four in company.
Chamberlain. I was in bed at half-past eight o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  GAMMON
               



            . (police-constable T 34). I took Smith into custody with these boots on his feet - Cook went back and found the old boots that Walker had seen on Smith - I tried them on Smith - they fitted him exactly.


                  JOHN 
                  MANNING
               



             (police-constable D 44). I met the prosecutor - he said his shop had been robbed - he was going in search of a girl named Miller - I found her, and took her to the pawnbroker's - she said she was the person who pawned them, and Chamberlain gave them to her - I went round Portman market, and found Chamberlain in the Caledonian public-house, drinking beer - I told him I wanted him for some shoes and boots stolen from Bowl-place, Paddington - he said he knew nothing about them - I asked him if he had sold Miller any - he said he had not - I then went to look for her, but she could not be found - I have a witness who saw her pay him for the shoes.


                  JAMES 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a painter. On Saturday morning last Chamberlain came to the house where Miller lives, and asked her if she wanted a pair of shoes - she said were they his - he said no, he had to sell them for a shoemaker, and he wanted 3s. for them - she said she would not give that, and he said, "You shall have them for half-a-crown, but stop a minute, I will go to the man to ask if he will take that" - he went, and in a few minutes he returned and said she should have them - she gave him 2s. and sixpennyworth of copper.


                  HENRY 
                  NEWSTEAD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. These shoes were pawned with me by a female, in the name of Staples.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Smith's Defence. The boots I had on I bought and paid for - I had only come to 
               Paddington
             that night with a load of bricks.
Chamberlain's Defence. I went home on the Friday evening, and went to bed at half-past eight o'clock - the next morning I was going out, and a young man with a pair of boots, a blue coat, a velvet collar, and a white apron, asked me if I would buy the shoes - I took them to Miller, and she bought them for 2s. 6d. - the young man took the 2s. and gave me the 6d.(
               
                  Henry 
                  Norris
               



            , No. 103, Titchfield-street, Cavendish-square; and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Shaw
               



            , Warwick-street, Golden-square, gave Chamberlain a good character).
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
CHAMBERLAIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
