





1240. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CARRINGTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of May
, 1 canvas bag, value 2d.; 7 sovereigns, and a 5l. Bank note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Tomlinson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TOMLINSON
               



            . I deal in potatoes and coals
, and live in St. John's-lane, Clerkenwell. On the 10th of May, I lost this money out of my left-hand pocket, as I was in Newgate-market


, about seven o'clock in the morning - there was a 5l. note, and 7l. in gold, in a canvas bag; I have never got it again; I know the prisoner, and saw him that morning two or three times near me - I had seen him near me about three minutes before I missed my money.
Prisoner. Q. When I was brought before you, did you not say you did not know me? A. I had seen you, but I did not know who took it.


                  ELIJAH 
                  WHITMORE
               



            . On the 10th of May I was in the market, filling up a half sieve of gooseberries - I looked up, and saw the prisoner's right hand in Mr. Tomlinson's pocket - he pulled out a very dirty bag; I went to tell Mr. Tomlinson, but my master said, "Come home, I want you;" the prosecutor afterwards came and said he had been robbed - I said I knew the person; the prisoner had got out of the market before the prosecutor said that to my master, but he was taken in the afternoon.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you say your master told you? A. Yes, he said Mr. Tomlinson had been robbed, and I said I knew the person who robbed him; I knew him before, and knew his name.


                  THOMAS 
                  HANDLEY
               



            . I am a headborough. The prosecutor came to me on the 10th of May, and said he had been robbed in Newgate-market; I went to look for the prisoner, by the description he gave, to Battle-bridge, where his uncle lives - I met him in the afternoon going up St. John-street, and charged him with it; he said he had not been in the market all that morning, but when I took him to the station he said he had been at the market, but not till eight o'clock - he had only 4s. 6d. on him, but he had a new suit of black on.
Prisoner. I know nothing at all of it - I was out at work that day.
JURY to ELIJAH WHITMORE. Q. How soon after you saw this did you tell of it? A. Directly he told my master - not above two or three minutes after.
THOMAS TOMLINSON. I went across the market, and had occasion to pay some money - I then missed my bag; I went back to the stall I had been at, and then round the market - it was a dirty bag; I am in the coal business.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
