



1183. 




ELIZABETH KINSELLA
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
10th of March, 1 watch, value 8l.; 1 guard-chain, value 1l.; 1 seal, value 6d.; 1 watch-key, value 4d.; 1 ring, value 2d.; 1 breast-pin, value 4s.; 1 handkerchief, value 4s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s. 6d.; and 4 sovereigns; the goods of 



John William Parlour.






JOHN WILLIAM PARLOUR
. I am an accountant, and collect tradesmen's bills—I live in York-street, City-road. On the 10th of March I was getting out of a cab, and being rather the worse for liquor I made a false step, and injured my face and legs—the prisoner came up and condoled with me, and induced me to go with her—she was a stranger—we went to No. 13, Woodstock-street, Oxford-street, to lodge for the night—I had in my waist-coat pocket five sovereigns—I sent out a sovereign for liquor, which we had in the house—I had a watch, a chain, a brooch, a pair of gloves, a hand-kerchief, and a scarf—I went to bed before eleven o'clock—she did not go to bed with me—when I awoke in the morning I found I was robbed of four sovereigns, and all my property—this is my watch and chain—(looking at them)—I did not go with her for any improper purpose.


Prisoner. The scarf was delivered to him at the office by another woman.

Witness. It was produced at the office—the Magistrate ordered me to take it.





ELIZABETH BUCKLEY
. My mother keeps the house No. 13, Woodstock-street—we let out beds by the night. On the night of the 10th of March the prosecutor came to our house with the prisoner—he was so tipsy I do not believe he knew what he was about—I cannot say how long the prisoner remained there—the prosecutor came down in the morning, and said he was robbed—the prisoner was gone then—I understood they were to sleep together—the prisoner occasionally frequented the house at all times, night and day.





HUGH M'GREGOR
. I am a policeman. I know this house very well—about a quarter to three o'clock, on the morning of the 11th of March, I saw the prisoner quarrelling with a caiman, in Oxford-street, about the fare—the cab man, as I passed, said, I think on purpose for me to hear, that she had got a good watch—I asked her how she got it—she said she had borrowed it from a friend—I asked her to take me to where he was—she could not—she afterwards said it belonged to a gentleman who lived at the Burlington hotel—I took her in charge with it.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Littledale.

