



391. 




THOMAS GREGORY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of December, 10 shawls, value 17l. 8s.; 9 cloaks, value 18l.; and I scarf, value 3l.; the goods of 




George Evans, his master.






WILLIAM BEMAND
. I am in the employ of George Evans, a linesdraper and mercer, at No. 150, Tottenham-court-road. The prisoner was in his service as porter—I have missed a quantity of property—on the 18th of December I missed two shawls—from circumstances, I was directed to follow the prisoner from the shop—I followed him to Camden-town—on his return, when he came to Mornington-crescent, I saw he was walking with another man—he took something from a bag, and gave him, what it was I cannot say—they went on, and then separated—the prisoner went on to Wells, the pawnbroker—I went, and saw him leaning against the counter—I sent a boy in to see what he had got—he said, "A shawl"—I took a policeman, and found one shawl in a bag, and one on the coaster—I asked the prisoner what he had got—he said, "Nothing," and then I found these things.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You followed him from your master's shop? A. Yes—I left at the same time—he had this bag when he left—it was about eleven o'clock in the morning—he was sent out to deliver parcels—he had other parcels packed up and addressed—there might be two or three—they were delivered at the regular houses where they were addressed—the shawls were wrapped up, and a paper round them—I know them by the pattern—the tickets were taken off the shawls in Mornington-crescent, and the tickets were taken from the man Frankham who was walking with him—shawls might be sold with the tickets on, but all parcels are entered before they are sent.





WILLIAM WILSON
 (police-constable S 35.) I took the prisoner at Mr. Wells's shop—I went to No. I, Baldwin-street, Old-street-road, St. Luke's, and there I found some other things—the man Frankham took me

there—I found there one cloak—I said nothing to the primer about the house.





JOHN STARLING
. I am in the employ of Mr. Wells, the pawnbroker. One of these shawls was offered to be pledged at our shop by the prisoner.





THOMAS ROBINSON
. I am a pawnbroker, in Charlton-street I produce a cloak pledged on the 28th of November—I believe by the prisoner.





WILLIAM BEMAND

re-examined. This is Mr. Evans's—it is lined with a very particular sort of silk.

MR. DOANE. Q. Are there others lined in the same way? A. I should say not with the same sort of silk—this is generally used at funerals, but it it very uncommon to line cloaks with such.





CHARLES BARNETT
. I live with Mr. Cassel, High-street, Camden-town. I have two shawls pledged, one on the 15th of November, and one on the 22nd of November—both by females—a person, since I have been bound over, has produced the duplicate of this one shawl, and if now in Court, to say it is her property.





WILLIAM BEMAND

re-examined. We had some shawls of this pattern, but the tickets have been taken off—I cannot swear to these.





ARTHUR JOHN NORTH
. I live with Mr. Blackmore, a pawnbroker. I produce a cloak and shawl pledged by the prisoner, in the name of James Page, of University-street—he came again, and pledged a silk scarf and shawl, which I have here.





THOMAS SHEPHARD
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a cloak, pawned by the prisoner, in the name of James Page, and another cloak, pawned by the prisoner, on the 27th of November—he said he lived at No. 4, Seymour-street.





WILLIAM BEMAND

re-examined. This cloak is lined with the same silk as the other, and this is all my master's property.





JOHN MILTON
. I have three whittles, pledged at Mr. Chapman's, No. 30, London-street—I do not know by whom.





GEORGE WHITE
. I am in the shawl department at Mr. Evans's. I found these at Mr. Chapman's, one of which has our shop-mark on it (James Howard, of Baldwin-street, Old-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged.—


Transported for Seven Years.
