





934. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLARE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Brown
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I live in Great Hermitage street. On the 11th of May, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I was in the lane which leads to Barking Church-yard, Tower-street


 - I had my handkerchief in my pocket, I felt a motion at my pocket, turned round, and seized the prisoner and another who was with him, but the other got away; he was the youngest of the two - I found my handkerchief in the prisoner's hand, and immediately I seized him he let it fall; the constable picket it up; it was the same handkerchief as had been in my pocket - I am master of a merchant vessel.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RAY
               



            . I am a constable. I was standing at my own shop-door in Seething-lane, the prisoner and prosecutor were on the other side of the way about four yards from me - I saw Captain Brown with the prisoner by the collar, he immediately dropped the handkerchief from his hand; the boy ran away before I could get hold of him - I took up the handkerchief, and have had it ever since.
Prisoner. The gentleman picked the handkerchief up, and not the constable. Witness. To the best of my knowledge I took it up, but I stooped to take it up at the same time as him.
Property produced and sworn to.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming through the church-yard, a little boy and a gentleman were walking behind me; the gentleman took hold of the boy, then let him go; he turned round, took up the handkerchief, and accused me of taking it, which I knew nothing about.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
