





1179. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     ATTWOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 25th of March
, 5 seals, value 3l.; 12 rings, value 8l.; 1 necklace, value 10s.; 4 chains, value 1l.; 1 key, value 5s.; 2 breast-pins, value 9s.; 1 eye-glass, value 8s.; 1 pencil-case, value 8s.; 3 silver boxes, value 6l.; 1 brooch, value 16s.; and 1 watch, value 2l. 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Banfield
                        




                     
                  , well knowing them to have been stolen
            . (See Sixth Sess. p. 569.)
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  GEORGE 
                  ATTENBOROUGH
               



            . I am nephew of Mr. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Attenborough
               



            , and am in his employ; he is a pawnbroker, and has one partner; they live in Crown-street, Finsbury. On the 10th of May, the prisoner came and brought there six table spoons, which he wanted me to buy of him, he asked 2l. for them; as I saw they were worth between 5 and 6l., I had suspicion he had stolen them; I asked him his name, he said Attwood, Church-lane, Whitechapel - I asked him to walk into the parlour, and fetched my cousin, who is a partner in the firm; he went into the parlour to the prisoner, but I did not - these are the spoons.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you think these are worth 5l.? A. Yes.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was it the disproportion of their apparent worth, to what was asked which gave you suspicion? A. Yes; it appeared they were worth more than £2.
RICHARD ATTENBOROUGH. I am a partner in the firm. These spoons were given to me on the 10th of May, they are worth about 4l. - I was out at the time they were offered - I sent for an officer, and gave the prisoner in charge - a quantity of jewellery of almost all descriptions was found in his pockets - one account he gave of the spoons was, that he had had them of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Foster
               



            , but he at first said they were his own, and he had bought them at the west end of the town - I did not ask him about the jewellery - he gave his address at No. 20, Anglesea-street, Bethnal-green, at Mrs. Foster's, the mother of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Foster
               



            ; I went there in the evening with the officer and Mr. Banfield, and saw a writing-desk opened, which was said to belong to the prisoner, and some spoons and other property was found in it - I had been to several places to make inquiry, and at last found Mr. Banfield's.
Cross-examined. Q. You found the account the prisoner gave you of where he lived, and who he lived with, was all right? A. Yes - I think these six spoons weigh form twelve to fourteen ounces; I should not sell them for less than 7s. 6d. an ounce.
JOHN BANFIELD. I am a silversmith and jeweller
, and live at No. 36, Cheapside. Edward Foster was in my employ between five and six years, he had left me about three weeks before this discovery; I had not missed any thing in particular up to the time he left me - these spoons were produced to me by Mr. Attenborough, they are mine I am quite sure; they cost me about 4l. 5s., I should not sell them for that - I went to Mr. Attenborough's, and found the prisoner there - I sent for the officer, and had him searched; the officer has a list of what was found on him, it is all my property - he said he had them of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Foster
               



            , but I never knew of his being intimate with Foster; I never saw him before - I asked him if he knew me; he said "Yes, your name is Banfield" - I took a coach, and went with the prisoner to Mrs. Foster; the house contains four rooms, in one of which Mrs. Foster and her daughter slept, the prisoner and 
               
                  Edward 
                  Foster
               



             in another, and the front room up stairs seemed to be the general sitting room, and in that room we found a great deal of my property, and a plan of a card in Foster's hand-writing.
Cross-examined. Q. Had Foster been apprentice to you? A. No; he had been in my service five or six years, and when he gave me notice to quit, he told me he was going to set up in business - the prisoner might have heard so from him - I don't know but that Foster had purchased some articles in the trade - there is my own private mark on these spoons, but there is no mark by which any other person could know that they had not been sold or honestly come by - the prisoner said he had them from Foster, and we found a great quantity of property at Foster's house - he slept with Edward Foster, but I don't know whether he knew the property was not honestly come by.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did Foster tell you he was going to take Attwood into business with him? A. No; he did not say that, he had other property in his pocket - I have lost between two and three hundred pounds worth of property - Foster came to me a poor lad, without a shoe, and I had advanced him to 25l. a year wages and board; he had just become useful to me.
THOMAS EAGLES. I am an officer of Worship-street. On the 10th of May I went to Mr. Attenborough's, and took the prisoner - the spoons were given to me, I did not ask the prisoner about them, but I searched him, and found on him a great number of articles, which I here produce; some were in his coat pockets and some in his other pockets, but all on his person - here is a coral necklace, three gold seals, a gold eye glass, twelve rings, a silver snuff box, three pair of ear-rings, a silver watch, two seals, a key, a gold pin, a steel guard chain, and several other things - he said in my presence that they were given to him, or that he had them from a person of the name of Edward Foster, who he said lived in the same room with him at Mrs. Foster's - he told us her direction, we went there, and in this writing desk, which we broke open at that time,(but the key of which I afterwards found on the prisoner,) we found six plated table spoons, six tea spoons, six silver spoons, and some other articles; they are all marked S S A; the desk was produced before the magistrate, but I do not recollect that the prisoner said anything about it.
Cross-examined. Q. You have not found 
               
                  Edward 
                  Foster
               



            ? A. No, I have looked for him - I do not know whether he had taken any shop to set up in business.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ASTON
               



            . I am in Mr. Banfield's service - at the time Foster was in his service, I have seen the prisoner come to see Foster very often after Mr. Banfield had left.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAVIES
               



            . I am a constable of Cheapside; I watch that part near the prosecutor's shop - I knew Foster his shopman - I have seen the prisoner there with Foster when Mr. Banfield was out of town.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know that Foster wasabout setting up in business? A. Yes, he told me so - I did not know of his purchasing any articles in the trade; I knew him as shopman to Mr. Banfield, and have spoken to him - I saw him at Mrs. Foster's, in January - I saw a variety of goods there, but no silver nor jewellery to my knowledge; I think I can safely swear that - I saw a writing desk there, but not open; I saw no plate there - I saw no invoices of any goods; he told me he had purchased some knives and forks.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Had you any particular acquaintance with Foster? A. No, I knew him as living with Mr. Benfield - I never was at his house but twice; the first time I was there about half an hour, and the second time about an hour and a half; Foster told me he was going into partnership with a person named Attwood, who lived with Mr. Dudderidge, of Whitechapel.
JAMES DUDDERIDGE. I am a woollen-draper. The prisoner was in my service, but had left me about three months before he was taken - I paid him 15l. a year; he never told me he was going into the jewellery business.
MR. BANFIELD. The whole of this is my property, both that found on the prisoner, and that found in the desk.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20 - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
