





1275. 




JAMES WELCH
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
12th of March, 2 forks, value 1l. 10s.; and 3oz. of silver, value 1l. 10s., the goods of 



Charles Grey Round: and 





THOMAS KILEY
 and 



JOHN LOONEY



, for feloniously receiving 3oz. of silver, part of the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN PRYKE
. I am servant to Charles Grey Round, of Regent-street On Tuesday, the 12th of March, I missed two forks of his, about eleven o'clock in the day—I had seen them safe on the Monday—they were kept in a cupboard, just above the basement floor—the prisoner Welch came there to work regularly, for nearly a month—he was there on the Monday and Tuesday—he had access to a cupboard under the one where the plate was—the door of the plate cupboard was unlocked—Welch generally came at seven or eight o'clock in the morning, and stopped till ten or eleven o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANL. Q. Does Mr. Round occupy the

whole house? A. No, he has furnished apartments, except finding useful articles—I have been in Mr. Round's service four years nearly—I know the folks were his, and they had his crest on them.





JOHN DEANE FAULKNER
. I am a jeweller, and live in Great Titchfield-street. On the 12th of March the prisoner Looney came to my house, between, four and five o'clock in the afternoon, he brought this silver, and asked me to buy it—I asked him where he got it—he said he picked it up in Regent-street—be produced one piece first, and then this other piece—I detained him, and told him there had been another piece brought to me in the early part of the day—I asked him where he lived—he said at Mr. Jackson's, opposite—I went there with him—his master was not at home, and I left him there—I had had a piece brought to me before, but not by either of these boys—after this, about seven or eight o'clock in the evening, Looney and his mother came to me, but I had before that been out to make inquiry—I told Looney that I had been with his master in the neighbourhood, and that some other part of the fork had been sold at Mr. Plumb's—Looney said he had sold a part to Mr. Plumb—I then went to Mr. Plumb's with Looney—Looney then told me that a piece had been taken to Mr. Pick-man, in Albany-street, but I forget whether he said that he had taken it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What did you say when Looney and his mother first came? A. I told him it would be better for him to confess what he had done.





JOHK PLUMB
. I am a jeweller. On the 12th of March Looney came, and sold me a piece of silver, which I have here—it is part of a spoon or a fork, with a crest on it—I asked where he had got it—he said he had picked it up in Titchfield-street—I had it weighed, and gave him 2s. for it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you known this boy before? A. I had not—I looked at this silver before I bought it—I saw clearly it was part of a spoon, and here is a sort of crest, which has been sought to be erased, but it is in a different state now—it was then doubled up, as if a cart-wheel had gone over it—I could not see whether there was a crest or any thing else on it—a boy, who was at the Magistrate's office, straightened it—it was in one piece then, and was broken into two afterwards—Looney gave me his right address, and it was true that he lived at Mr. Jackson's.





JOHN DILLEY
. I live in Rebecca-court, Well-street, Oxford-street. I know the prisoner. On the 12th of March, about six o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner Kiley standing at the top of Rebecca-courtr—in about ten minutes I saw Looney come across the road—Kiley went to him, and said, "Will you sell a little bit of silver for me?"—Looney said, "I can't, I am going to my tea: where did you get it?"—Kiley said, "I picked it tip at a fire"—he pressed him to go, and said he was very hungry, and he wanted to buy a pair of trowsers—upon that Looney said he would go—I saw Kiley take something out of his pocket, and give it him, but I did not see what it was—Kiley said to him, "Don't go to Faulkner's"—Looney said, "Why not?"—Kiley said, "Because don't—they then parted—I went to tea, and when I came up again Looney and Kiley were in the court, and Welch was at the other corner—I then heard Looney tell Kiley that Mr. Faulkner had taken it away from him—he said he should get into a row, and said he had told Mr. Faulkner who his master was—Looney then went away, and Kiley stopped at the top of the court—Welch's mother then came, and asked where her little boy was—I said,

"There he is, at the other corner"—she collared him and took him away and said he had been out all night.





WILLIAM PICKMAN
. I live in Albany-street, Regent's Park, and am an artist and watchmaker. On the 12th of March, about one o'clock in the day, Kiley came, and offered to sell me a piece of silver, which I have here—I asked where he got it—he said he saw some policemen driving some boys along by the railroad, and after they were gone he picked up this—I asked if he had any more, and he produced these other two pieces—he asked me if I would buy it—I said no, but I would stop it—I told him to come the next morning, and I would tell him all about it—I went to the station-house.





WILLIAM ECKETT
 (police-constable D 54.) I was at the station-house when Looney was brought in—his friends came afterwards, and brought Dilley, and in consequence of what they said, I went to Buckridge-street, and found Kiley in bed, with his clothes on—I went to Titchfield-street, and found Welch in bed with his brother—I said I wanted him for robbing his master of two forks—he said nothing, but burst into tears.





JOHN TEDMAN
. I am a police inspector. I remember the prisoner Welch being brought in—I told him he was charged with stealing two forks—he said he had met a person a few days previous, who asked him where he lived, and he had told him—and the person said, "Is there any thing is the house you can steal, if there is we will divide the money between us; is there any plate in the house?"—that he said, "I believe there is"—the other said, "Try and get it"—and he took the forks, and gave them to him.





JOHN PRYKE

re-examined. This is part of my master's property—I had seen it safe the day before I missed it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Has it not the appearance of having been in the fire? A. It has.

WELCH—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Five Days.

KILEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

LOONEY—


NOT GUILTY
.
