





Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
1530. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BURTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Neville
                        




                     
                  , on the 31st of March
, at St. Anne, and stealing therein 1 chest, value 10s.; 3 waistcoats, value 3s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 7s.; 2 shirts, value 2s.; 3 jackets, value 6s.; 5 hats, value 5s.; 2 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 table-cloth, value 6d.; and 1 coat, value 12s.; his goods
            .
RICHARD NEVILLE. I live at Limehouse. In March last, I lived in Park-street, in the parish of St. Anne


, and kept the house - on the 31st of March, I went out, at half-past six o'clock in the morning - I locked up my house as usual - I left nobody in it, and returned at twelve o'clock - I found the door open - the lock was forced back, the window curtains down, and the house in confusion - I found the house had been entered - my chest and all my clothes, which were also in the chest, were taken away - the prisoner once lodged at my house - I reported it at the station-house that day, and two days after, I found some of my property at a Jew's shop, in Salmon-lane - a jacket, pair of trowsers, and two hats - the prisoner was taken on the 10th of September, and I found more property then.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATERS
               



            . About last Easter, the prisoner came and asked me for a lodging, about eight or nine o'clock in the morning, and he came to lodge with me - he brought a small red-coloured chest to the house about an hour afterwards - I saw it opened afterwards, and saw some clothes in it - he asked me, when he brought the chest in, if I had any old keys that would open it, as he had lost the key of it - I tried a few old keys - none would open it, and I sent for a smith who opened it - he was afterwards carrying out things to sell - they appeared to be clothes - he stayed with me about eight or ten days - he offered to sell some things to the lodgers - and when he went away he said he was going on board a man-of-war, and should take the rest of the things with him, but they would not allow the chest to be on board of a man-of-war - he left in my possession an old oil-skin pair of trowsers, and an old hat or two in the chest - I gave him 3s. or 4s. for them - I sold the chest about two days afterwards, and gave the other things to the policeman.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAINES
               



            . I lodge with Waters - I rememberthe prisoner coming there - I saw him at his chest as I was getting up one morning, sorting some clothes over - he asked me to purchase the whole - I bought a waistcoat of him, and an old blue jacket - I changed the jacket away shortly after, and gave the waistcoat to the policeman.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHNSTON
               



            . I lodged with Waters - the prisoner sold me a jacket for 6d. out of the chest - I gave it to Murray.


                  AARON 
                  JOSEPH
               



            . I keep a shop in Salmon-lane - the prisoner offered some clothes to me for sale five or six months ago - he sold me a jacket and hat, and a pea-jacket- I afterwards gave them to a policeman - I had hung them up for sale, and they were claimed.


                  JOHN 
                  MURRAY
               



            . I am a policeman. I received from the witnesses the property they have spoken to, and produce it - this waistcoat I had from Harris, the jacket from Johnston, and the trowsers and hat from Waters.


                  SIMON 
                  O'DRISCOLL
               



            . I am a policeman. I received these things at Joseph's from Neville, who gave the prisoner into my custody on the 16th of September.


                  RICHARD 
                  NEVILLE
               



            . I found the things at Joseph's shop, and sent for a policeman - they were delivered up at the station-house - I know all the things produced to be mine- there was nothing in my box but one pair of trowsers - the other things were loose in the room - I believe the things to be worth 2l. altogether - my box was red.
Prisoner's Defence. I was never at his house since September, and have not seen him from that time till I arrived from the West Indies.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
