



2178. 




JOHN DREW
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
9th of September, one table-cloth 3s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; the goods of 



Frances Needham.






FRANCES NEEDHAM
. I am a widow, and have the care of a house at the corner of Albemarle-street; it belongs to Mrs. Jeffreys. The prisoner was employed to whitewash the kitchen—I missed a table-cloth and handkerchief, which belong to me, and also a stew-pen, a copper, and jellymould—I told him what I had lost.





JOHN HAYDON
 (police-constable S 162.) I apprehended the prisoner—he denied the charged—I found on him sixteen duplicates, and among them two relating to a table-cloth and handkerchief—I produced them in his presence—he made no remark—but on going to the police-office, I said, "There are two duplicates which relate to a table-cloth and handkerchief, I do not know whether they are the same as the prosecutrix had"—he replied "I bought them on Saturday night last."

Prisoner. I surrendered them up to him, to be satisfied whether they were her things—when he took the duplicates to her, she said, "Yes"—and when she saw them, she said they were hers—I never took them from the house.





THOMAS BAKER
. I live in the Mile-end-road. I did live with a pawnbroker in York-square, Regent's-park—I have a table-cloth, which was pledged for 2s. on the 9th of September—this is the duplicate given for it—and this handkerchief, pledged for 1s., on the 10th of September, in the name of John Dunn—this is the duplicated of that.





FRANCES NEEDHAM

re-examined. I know this handkerchief and tablecloth they are mine, I brought them into the house on Thursday, the 8th—I did not miss them till Sunday morning, when I was going to put the table-cloth on, and they were lost—the prisoner was there at work of Friday and Saturday.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going along the New-road, to see for some materials—these things were tied up in the handkerchief that I have in my hand, with part of a penny of bread; I picked it up, and said to a woman, "Have you dropped a bundle?"—she said, "No"—I opened it,

and took these things to where I lodge—I had them in my room better than two days, I then pledged them—after I finished my job in Osnaburgh-terrace, where the prosecutrix lives, which was on Wednesday, I went home, and the officer came to me; I gave him the two duplicates, and told him to let the woman see if they were hers—there are women to wash at that house every week.

JURY
to
JOHN HAYDON. Q. What did the prisoner tell you? A. That he brought the duplicates.
(Joseph Hart, a plumber, and Thomas Hall, an accountant, of Cleveland-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 47.—


Transported for Seven Years.
