



552. 




THOMAS JAMES HUGHES
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Baker, at 
St. Luke's, about the hour of twelve in the night of the 
7th of November, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 cash-box, value 5s.; 3 keys, value 3s.; 1 key-ring, value 6d.;3 memorandum-books, value 3s.; 9 sovereigns; 20 shillings; 1 £10 Bank-note; 1 promissory note for 20l. 8s.; 2 orders for 4l.; and 2 bills of exchange for 544l. 13s. 4d.; his property.






BENJAMIN VICKERY
. I am foreman to Mr. John Baker, an ironmonger, in Finsbury-place—It is his dwelling-house—there is a door from the dwelling-house to the warehouse—it is all under one roof. On the evening of the 7th of November I fastened the premises up myself at eight o'clock—I fastened both the warehouse doors—I left every door locked and bolted—there are two outer warehouse doors, and the inner doors were also locked and bolted—I left them safe about a quarter-past eight o'clock—I left the warehouse last.





JOHN BAKER
. I am an ironmonger, and live in Finsbury-place, in the parish of St. Luke. My dwelling-house opens into the street at the side door, which I fastened myself about half-past ten o'clock at night, the last thing—there is one warehouse in front, opening into the street, and two warehouses behind—Vickery fastened the warehouses—the dwelling-house was fast when I went to bed, both front and back—I was called up, about half-past one clock in the night, by two policemen—I went into the counting-house, which joins the passage leading from the dwelling-house,

and found the door leading into the first warehouse from the counting-house open, a pane of glass was taken out, and the key, which had been left inside the lock, turned—they could put a hand' through the glass to open that door, and it was open—I found my desk, which I had locked, broken open, and the cash-box, containing cash and bills to the amount of about 600l., taken—the cash-box was a black japanned one with yellow stripes—I had fastened that counting-house-door my self that night about half past ten o'clock—it appeared that somebody had been concealed on the premises—it must have been so, as the warehouse door was open, and the large gate leading into the street—there were no marks of violence on it, and the warehouse door, which was fastened with two bolts and a lock, was also open, without any appearance of violence—it must have been opened from the inside—in consequence of suspicion I directly went to the residence of Bignold, who has been convicted, and had been my errand-boy for three weeks and three days—I got there about two o'clock—his mother looked out of the window, and said he had not been at home all night, and she did not know where he was—we afterwards found him—I made inquiry of him, but never could find the prisoner until within the last few days—the other prisoners were tried in November—we have not brought the cash-box here to-day—it was produced at the last trial.





SUSAN GINGELL
. I live at No. 15, Ann-street, Chapman-street, Cannon-street-road—the prisoner lived in a place for about a month with me and Hallan, who has been tried, at No. 24, Dock-street, Commercial-road—he had been with us about a month on the 7th of November—he was intimate with Hallan—about five o'clock in the afternoon of Wednesday, the 7th of November, Hallan and Hughes told me to get the tea ready, as they were in a hurry to go out—they wanted to go out at five o'clock—I could not get it ready quick enough, and they cut some bread and butter, and took with them—Hughes took a box of lucifers, and put into his pocket—I took them out of his pocket again, and put them on the mantel-piece—but after he was gone I missed them and a piece of candle also—Hughes came home with Bignold, about half-past one o'clock—I was at work then, as I was sitting up for Hallan—I asked them why they were in such a hurry—Hughes said it was nothing to me, and he called Bignold into the back-yard—they went into the back-yard together, returned in a very few minutes, stood at the door, and Hughes asked where Hallan was—I told him I did not know—he said he would go and find him—they went out, and in about a quarter of an hour Hallan, Bignold, and Hughes returned together—they sent me to fetch a pint of beer—Bignold went with me—when I came back I saw Hallan and Hughes kneeling down by the mattrass, and saw gold and silver, and a tin box—they appeared sharing the money—I cannot say what quantity I saw—I saw some papers—also a book with a red cover burning on the fire, with the papers—the box had yellow stripes round it, I cannot say whether it was japanned—I asked how the box came there—Hallan said it was nothing to do with me—Hughes was present—Bignold went and knelt down by the side of the money, and after they got up, Bignold gave me 1l. 17s. 6d., to mind for him till Friday night—Hughes had some of the money—they stopped there till about half-past five o'clock—Hughes and Bignold then went out together-Hughes returned about a quarter past seven o'clock—I did not see the box after they were gone—after breakfast Hughes showed me a £10 note—I do not know whether it was a Bank of England note, I cannot read—I asked him what it was, and he said, "If you must know, it is a £10

note"—be went out, and came back with some gold and silver, and Hall an and he shared it between them—I do not know how they shared it—he said he had changed it at Horsley's, which is the Golden Lion—it used to be called Horsley's—on the Friday following, about eleven o'clock, Hughes said he would go into the country, and he and Hall an went out together to go into the country, as they said—I met Hall an at eight o'clock next morning, and he said Hughes was at his mother's, and had been there all night with him, but he was going into the country—I saw nothing more of Hughes after that—the last time he lodged at my house was Thursday night—he went away on the Friday night—I am not married—Hallan, I and Hughes slept in the same room—I was the only woman—I am now living with my mother and father—Hallan got this lodging for me—he is eighteen years old, I believe—I am seventeen next April, and I believe Hughes is seventeen—there was only one bed in the room—Hughes used to sleep on a chair—they knew I could see them while they were counting the things out—Bignold did not lodge in the room—my parents did not know of my lodging there—the landlord of the house lives in the Back-lane—I do not know his name—we had only been there a week—every room was let to separate lodgers—we had the sole control of that room—Hallan paid the rent—I passed as his wife—I am not in the habit of seeing other men—my father is a lighterman, and he supports me—I have lived with him ever since the last trial—I gave evidence against Hallan then.





WILLIAM MILLS
. I am barman to Mrs. Lacey, of the Golden Lion. Hughes came there two or three mornings after the robbery, and asked me to give him change for a 10l. note—I asked him who it was for—he said, a Mr. Atkinson—I asked him where Mr. Atkinson lived—he said, "Just below your house"—I gave him for it, nine sovereigns, and 1l. in silver—to the best of my recollection he is the person—I cannot swear to him—it might have been another boy—he gave me the name of Atkinson—Mrs. Lacey wrote the name of Atkinson on the note—our house was formerly kept by Horsley—Mrs. Lacey has been there about eight or nine months.





JAMES BRANNAN
. I am a policeman. On Wednesday night last, about eight o'clock, I watched the prisoner into a doctor's shop in Clifton-street, Shoreditch—I told him what he was charged with, and cautioned him not to say any thing to criminate himself—he denied all knowledge of it—I took him to Mr. Baker's house—while we stood in the passage he said, "Oh dear me, what shall I do?"—I said, "I once more caution you on the impropriety of saying anything—if you wish to say any thing, it must be before a Magistrate"—he declined saying any thing more—he denied being in company with Bignold and Hallan.





THOMAS PHILLIPS
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I produce a 10l. note which came into the Bank on the 20th of November, from Glynn's bank.





WILLIAM MILLS

re-examined. This is the note we changed about three mornings after the robbery—I can swear it was a boy that brought it, and the prisoner very much answers the description to him—we did not take any other 10l. note that day—I did not put the name of Atkinson on any other note.

MR. BAKER
re-examined. I lost a 10l. note—I have no mark on this note, but the note Spooner's clerk paid me, I put into the cash-box directly I received it—I took it on Wednesday at Spooner's bank.





WILLIAM WILSON
. I am clerk to Spooner and Co., bankers. Mr.

Baker presented an acceptance for 20l. at our house, on Wednesday the 7th of November, for which I paid him the 10l. note produced, and ten sovereigns.





JOHN COX
. I am a policeman. I went to Dock-street, where Gingell lived, and apprehended Hallan, the Monday after the robbery—I did not find Hughes—on the 9th I had seen Hughes and Hallan pass me together going into the City, but I did not know of the robbery until an hour afterwards—I knew them before—I had seen Hughes several times—he lived about five minutes' walk from Dock-street at one time—I could never find him afterwards—he has lived at two public-houses on my beat—I knew him living at one of those houses within five months of the robbery—I went to the Globe and Friend, and inquired for him, after the robbery—I heard of him over the water, and in several places, but could never find him, to lay hold of him.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it—I know Bignold and Hallan—they used to come to public-houses where I lived.




GUILTY of larceny in a dwelling-house. Aged 17.



Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

