



1228. 




WILLIAM BURKE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of April, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watch-chain, value 6d.; 1 watch-key, value 2d.; and 2 seals, value 3s.; the goods of 



James Mills, from his person.






JAMES MILLS
. I live in Whitechapel-road, and keep a cook's-shop. Early on the morning of the 20th of April, the prisoner followed me to my own door—I knocked at my door, and turned round and desired him to leave me—he said he should not leave without something—he made a snatch at my seals, and dragged my watch from my pocket—he ran off—I followed him, and called "Stop thief"—he was stopped by the policeman—I kept him in view till he was stopped, and have not the least doubt of his being the man who did this—the watch was found on him in my presence—this is it—(looking at it.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you mean that you did not lose sight of him at all? A. Yes; he did not turn round, he ran up the street. Q. Have you not said, "There is a board in Osborn-street, and as he turned round that I lost sight of him; but I had kept him in view all the time till then?" A. I said,. that in turning into Osborn-street I lost sight of him, but I came up to him directly—he dropped the watch—I did not see him drop it—I told the policeman he had got the watch, and saw the policeman pick the watch from the ground—I thought the prisoner appeared perfectly sober—this was at nearly two o'clock in the morning—I had been on business at the West-end.





HENRY COTTON
 (police-constable H 60.) About two o'clock that morning, I was in Brick-lane—there was a cry of "Police"—I saw the prisoner running—I went and stopped him—he endeavoured to get away from me—I forced him against some boards—he put his hand behind him, and I heard something rattle—I endeavoured to get hold of his hand—something touched my fingers, and fell on the ground—I stooped and picked up the watch close to him.


Cross-examined. Q. Where were you? A. About twenty yards, up Brick-lane—I did not see what took place in Whitechapel—I am quite sure I heard something rattle, and felt something in the prisoner's hand as I put my hand round him—he put his right hand behind him—I put my left hand, and something touched my fingers. I heard something fall—I pulled him on one side, and there was the watch—I can venture to say that no person ran by—there was a gas light within five yard, of the place.




GUILTY
.* Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.
