




2037. 




GEORGE TILT
 and 




THOMAS CARNEY
 were indicted for

 stealing on the 
8th of September, at 
St. Leonard's Shoreditch, 1 ewe, value 25s., the property of 



James John Bassett.—2nd COUNT, for killing with intent to steal the carcase.






JAMES JOHN BASSETT
. I am a butcher, and Live at 191, Church-street, Shoreditch. I have a slaughter-house near Spencer-street, New-inn-yard, Shoreditch. On the 8th of September, in the evening I saw my servant lock up the slaughter-house—there were tow live ewes there—the next morning I went to the slaughter-house at half-past six o'clock, and missed one of the ewes—I found some fresh blood in the pound, and marks of blood on the gate—It was worth 25s.—I know both the prisoners—I have employed them both at times; I merely gave them jobs for half an hour.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Who locked up the sheep? A. William Strolger, my boy—I have no partner.





WILLIAM STROLGER
. I am servant to Mr. Bassett. I was in the slaughter-house some days before the sheep was lost, and on the Friday the prisoners assisted my master's men in killing a bullock—this ewe was in the slaughter-house at that time—One Tuesday afternoon, the 8th of September, I was passing Carney's lodging, No. 4, Cock-lane, between three or four o'clock—I saw Carney at the window—he asked me if the

three sheep were killed—he called me soldier, which is a nick-name they gave me—I said there was only one killed—he asked me who killed it—I made him no answer, but walked off—I locked up the slaughter-house on Tuesday night, in my master's presence.

Cross-examined. Q. Why do they call you soldier? A. It is a nick-name they call me in the street—Carney lodges three or four yards from my master's slaughter-house—he has lived there ever since I have known him, which is about three months—I left the slaughter-house at half-past eight; master was there when I left; we both came away together—nobody was left to take care of it at night—the prisoners are butchers by trade.





ROBERT STROLGER
. I am son of Robert Strolger, and live at No, 14, New-inn-yard, Shoreditch, a wine-cooper I am brother of the last witness. On Tuesday night, the 8th Septemper, at ten minutes past eleven side, and Carney on the other, about forty yards from the slaughter-house—Tilt had a blue smock-frock, white stockings and shoes—he said, "Good night, good night, Bob. "

Cross-examined. Q. It is not unusual to see him in that dress? A. No—the yard is a thoroughfare—I had got home at half-past ten o'clock—I went out for an errand into Shoreditch, and saw them—I went in-doors directly—I was not fifty yards from home.





JAMES STRACEY
 (police-constable H 832.) On Tuesday, the 8th of Septemper, I saw the prisoner Tilt in High-street, Shoreditch, about half-past ten o'clock in the evening, with another butcher—they were dressed in butcher's clothes—I saw him again, at half-past eleven o'clock at the corner of the New-inn yard—he came across from the New-inn-yard to Newinn-passage, with a sheep on his back, about six rods from the prosecutor's—It had the skin on, I believe, it was dead, but I cannot be sure—he said to me as he passed, "Halloo, matey," and I said the same to him—I did not suppose it was stolen, as I knew him—he went up the New-inn passage, and turned into Cock-lane—I there lost sight of him—that leads to Carney's house—I went after him when he turned to the left, but he was not of sight, and I could not find him—he did not go towards the butcher's shops, which made me look after him, or I should not have thought there was any thing wrong—I lost sight of him within three or four doors of Carney's house.

Cross-examined. Q. You knew him before, and had talked to him? A. I had not talked to him—I do not think I should have spoken to him if he had not to me, not suspecting him at first—the sheep was on his back, not covered over—he was alone—the yard is a common thoroughfare—It is not unusual to carry sheep about late at night—If he had turned to the right, where the butchers'shops are, I should not have suspected him—I believe he belongs to very honest friends—I have known him about there for twelve months.





TIMOTHY RYAN
 (police-constable G 153.) On Tuesday night, the 8th of Septemper, I was on duty in New-inn Yard, about eleven o'clock. I saw Tilt there, in company with another—I met him, standing about forty or fifty yards from Spencer-street—he was about three hundred yards from Mr. Bassett's, and fifty yards from the slaughter-house—I went down Spencer-street half an hour afterwards, and observed a wicket door open, which opened into Spencer-street—I got a light, examined the slaughter-house, and found one sheep in the pen—I apprehended Tilt the next day, and took him to the watch-house—I told him it was for stealing a sheep

from Mr. Bassett's, of Shoreditch—he said he was innocent of the charge, and he had not been in New-inn yard the previous night—he had his smock-frock on the wrong side outwards—the inspector noticed that, and we took it off and put it on the right way, and there was blood on the shoulder of the frock—the inspector asked him if he had carried any beast lately—he said he had not carried any on his shoulder for a fortnight.

Cross-examined. Q. What day did you take him? A. On the Wednesday—he was coming towards the station-house at the time, and was about seventeen Yards from it—I did not ask where he was coming to—he did not say he was coming to surrender—I was standing at the station-house door at the time—I saw him five or six hundred Yards off in the City-road, and I said, "There is Tilt, "and I went down to meet him—he was coming up Featherstone-street towards me—I turned round and accompanied him to the station-house—Carney was not them in custodythe inspector said he had better tell at once the whole truth, and then he answered the inspector's questions.

COURT
Q. You apprehended Tilt; did he say anything to you before he got to the station-house? No; he was about fifty or sixty Yards from the station-house when I took him—the inspector put the questions to him first, and asked him what he did with the sheep he was carrying the previous night—I think that was the first thing he said—I do not know whether he said he had better tell the truth—It might pass—I cannot swear I did hear him—he made some remark—I have no recollection of his saying he had better tell the truth.

Q. You have said that he did? A. I think that was after he asked where the sheep was that he had carried the previous night.

MR. CLARKSON
Q. You have told us this three ways: which is right? A. When taking the charge I think the inspector's first questions was, "Where is the sheep you were carrying the night previous"—he might have said "You had better tell the truth, "before he put any other question—that did pass; but whether before or after I cannot say—the prisoner did not tell me he had come to surrender, nor any such thing—I had inquired for him at his father's house before this, but did not find him there.





HENRY COLE
 (police-constable G 126.) On Wednesday morning, the 9th about half-past four o'clock I was in Bateman's-row, Shoreditch—I saw Carney coming up Bateman's-row with a tray and a carcase of a sheep on his left shoulder, from what I could see—It was covered with a cloth, all but the scrag of the neck—the head was off—I apprehended him on the Sunday night following—I told him it was for carrying that sheep up Bateman's-row on Wednesday morning—he said he knew what I wanted him for, but recalled his words, and said, "What do you want me for?"—I told him, and he said I was wrong; he was not there.

Q. He told you he knew what you wanted him for, and afterwards said you were wrong? A. Yes; I never said I thought it was a pig he was carrying—the moment before he came up the row, I met Ryan, and exchanged two or three words—as Carney came up, my brother officer got off the pavement for him to pass, and said, "He has got a pig"—I said "No, it is a sheep; that is so-and-so, and he lives so-and-so"—I knew him before—I took him in Norfolk-gardens, five or six hundred yards from his own house, about half-past nine o'clock on Sunday—there was a cloth over the body of

the sheep—I cannot say whether the skin was on—I saw the neck, and am positive it was a sheep—I was not a foot from him.

Tilt's Defence. I was coming home from work, and heard Bassett wanted me—I went to the station-house to see what it was for.

Carney's Defence. I was not out of bed till half-past six o'clock in the morning—that man did not see me.
(William Ashton, a bottle merchant; John Dodd, a master drover; and William Spence, gave Tilt a good character: and Edward Hinton, of Queen-street, Seven Dials, deposed to that of Carney.)

TILT—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

CARNEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported for Life.

Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury on account of their previous character.

