





467. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOPKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of February
, 12 handkerchiefs, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Simpson
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  WINSTEAD
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Simpson
               



            , hosier and glover
, of New-street, Covent-garden


. On the 6th of February I saw the prisoner at his shop - he had asked for something, but I was not then in the shop; he had a hat on, and my mistress desired him to take it off, which he did, and there were several pieces of handkerchiefs in it; I do not know how many - the hat and handkerchiefs were put into a room behind the shop, and he was detained; my master returned in about half an hour, and I was sent for an officer - the officer took the handkerchiefs; they were silk - there were some handkerchiefs exposed in the window which he was near.
Cross-examined by MR. BALL. Q. When he was asked to take off his hat, he took it off immediately? A. Yes; he was going away, but I stopped him - the handkerchiefs had my master's mark on them.


                  SARAH 
                  ANN SIMPSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Simpson
               



            . On the 5th of February I saw the prisoner at his shop, about half-past eleven o'clock; he asked for stout white cotton stockings - he stood about half a yard from the window; there were two or three silk handkerchiefs hanging before the window - he took off his hat two or three times, under the pretence of blowing his nose; he kept me in conversation some time, and then said he would have some black worsted stockings - I turned to get them; I showed them to him, and said they were 1s. 4d. a pair - he then said he would have ribbed ones; the boy then came in, and picked up a silk handkerchief from the other side of the counter, close behind where he stood - I then walked round and told him to take off his hat; he said "Oh yes," and took it off - there were some silk handkerchiefs in it; I showed them to him, and afterwards took them and the hat into a little back room till Mr. Simpson came home - he was given in charge; there were twelve handkerchiefs, which Mr. Simpson valued at 20s.; he asked the prisoner whose hat it was, and he said it was his.
Cross-examined. Q. You were with the prisoner during the whole time? A. Yes; I had to ascend some steps, and to turn to get the stockings - the handkerchief that was found was not in front of him; it was behind him - I did not observe that he had a cold.
COURT. Q. Was your back turned to him while you got the stockings down? A. Yes; and then I suspected him, and would not get him any more.


                  PATRICK 
                  RONAYNE
               



            . I took the prisoner, and have the twelve handkerchiefs, which Mr. Simpson gave me; I found only 2d. on the prisoner.


                  SARAH 
                  ANN SIMPSON
               



            . These are ours; one of them has our mark on it, and the others are similar to what we have at home.
Cross-examined. Q. You had a great many otherhandkerchiefs about the shop? A. Not at that spot; we did not take stock - we take off the marks of handkerchiefs when we sell them; we might have omitted it - but it is our practice; we had no other handkerchiefs at that spot but cotton ones - he took the silk ones, and left the cotton.
COURT. Q. When you looked at the window did you miss a quantity which had been there? A. Yes; I did not sell any handkerchiefs to the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
