



741. 




WILLIAM BATES
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
5th of February, 1 pair of pistols, value 6l.; 2 seals, value 20s.; and 1 pair of trowsers, value 10s.; the goods of 



Newsom Garrett, his master.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





NEWSOM GARRETT
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in the Commercial-road. The prisoner was in my service—in November last I had occasion to look for a pair of mislaid pistols—the prisoner was with me in the ware-house—I found them after some time—I said it was a good thing we had found them, for if we had not, they would have made us pay very handsomely for them, as they were valuable—in February last, I had occasion to look for them again—the prisoner was there, and he had gone first into the warehouse—I could not find them, but, in the evening, another pair of pistols was sent down from the warehouse with the ticket of the other pair of valuable pistols on them—I got an officer—we searched the prisoner's box, and found there this pair of trowsers, which are mine, and on his person were found these two seals, belonging to me—I went to his mother's, and found this pistol, which is one of the two I had missed.

Cross-examined. Q. What do you suppose to be the value of this pair of pistols? A. We value them at 6l.—this is the pair he is charged with stealing—the pair to which the duplicate of this pair was attached is not here—this is the pair to which it ought to have been attached—this pair was pawned on the 18th of October, 1833—that was during Mr. Law's time—when I went to the prisoner's mother; I had missed the two pistols—the officer found one of them there—we found this other pistol at my house, about four days ago, in another floor, where it ought not to have been—his mother gave up the one that was there without hesitation—she stated her son brought it there, and said I had lent it him—the person this pair belonged to, wanted 20l. for them—I do not know what was lent on the other pair, as the duplicate was taken off, and the duplicate of these put on them—I lent 10s. on these—I got these seals from Birmingham—they have not the mark of my shop on them—I received them when I began business, in May, 1834—there may be others like them, but I have not seen any—I think I had a dozen—this pair of trowsers had been pawned at our place—I did not take them in—they were out of time, and were for sale—the letter "R" is on them—we had half a dozen or a dozen pairs—I have sold trowsers with the letter "R" on them, of this colour—I have not the duplicate which was attached to them when they were pawned—I should think I had seen this pair within three weeks, as we open the things every month, and generally about the middle of the month, so that I must have opened these—I have sold many black trowsers with "R" on them—we are in the habit of taking in three hundred pledges in

a day—the prisoner did not wear these seals to his watch—he had worn different seals—I did not take them to look at—these were attached to his watch when he was taken, but they were in his fob, and were concealed—I had a respectable character with him, and was never more hurt than when I had to prosecute him.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you an impression of these seals? A. Yes; but not with me—I am sure I had marked these very trowsers within a month before—I found them in his box—I have lost seals with these impressions on them.





THOMAS SHELSWELL
. I am an officer. I was sent for, and searched the prisoner's box—I found this pair of trowsers there, these seals on his person, and this pistol at his mother's.

Cross-examined. Q. You found only one pistol? A. No; I asked for it, and it was given up—the seals were attached to his watch—I took them from his fob—he said he had taken a pistol home to fire some powder and shot.

Prisoner. It is all false about the trowsers—I bought them second-hand in Petticoat-lane, with the mark on the lining as it is now—I took the pistol home to fire it on Sunday—I fired it twice, and my father would not let me fire it again.





WILLIAM BATES
. I am the prisoner's father. About a fortnight before he was taken, he brought the pistol to my house, and fired it two or three times in the garden—he made no concealment of it.
(Sophia Roberts; Charles Briant, a grocer and oilman, Old Change; James Collins, an oilman, of Cleveland-street; and Henry Stead, a stone-mason, at Lewisham; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
