




197. 




JOHN JEPSON
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
20th of November, 8 beaver skins, value 10l., the goods of the 

Governor and Company of the Adventurers of England, his masters.—2nd COUNT. stating them to be the goods of 



John Henry pelly and others, his masters; and 





MARY ANN JEPSON
 was indicted for

 feloniously receiving the same well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statute.—3rd COUNT, for receiving the said goods of a certain evil-disposed person.


MR. ADOLPHUS
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD ROBERTS
. I am accountant and book-keeper to the Hudson's Bay Company, and have been so about thirty years. I produce the char ter of the Company under the Great Seal—Mr. John Henry Pelly is one of the proprietors, and there are a great number of other—the warehouse is situated in the parish of St. Bennet, Gracedchurch-street—I have seen the male prisoner there once—there is no person named price in the Company pany's employ.





WILLIAM HAGELL, JUN
. I am in the employ of the Hudson's Bay

Company, and my father also, In the latter end of October last, a vessel, called the Prince Rupert, arrived with skins which belonged to the Company—the male prisoner has been occasionally employed by the Company since December last—h was employed from the 29th of October last till he was taken on the 23rd of November—various parcels of skins arrived by the Prince Rupert, amongst which were two parcels of beaver skins—I was present when they arrived, and I checked them as they were counted by the Custom House Officer—they are made up in bales from three to seven hundred in each—they are packed in large deer skins, and tied with slips of damp deer skins, which dry, shrink and cause the skins to be tied very tightly—It was impossible they could be opened on the voyage without its being seen—the number of beaver skins we received at that time were in one parcel 11, 637, and in the other 12, 566—they were deposited in the top floor of our warehouse—I remember Mr. Lee coming to our warehouse, but I did not see him—shortly before he came, I saw the make prisoner in the top floor of the warehouse at the time the men were gone to lunch—It was not the floor on which he was employed, and he had no business there—I did not say any thing to him—these skins were there at that time—I have counted them since, and nine are missing out of the parcel of 11, 637.





CHARLES DOEHNEL
. I live at No. 11, St. George's Circus, near the Obelisk, and am a furrier. I purchased several beaver skins of the female prisoner at separate times—I saw no one with her—she said the skins had been brought over by a gentleman, and were his own property—I sent these skins to Mr. Lee's by Davey, my servant; and in consequence of what I heard I went to Mr. Lee on the 21st of November—In the evening of that day the female prisoner came to my shop again, and brought the last skin, which I bought of her—I told her the skins were suspected not to be got in an honest manner, and asked her her name—she said price, and that she lived at No. 7 prospect-place, Kennington-road,—I delivered the last skin to the officer—the other eight I had sent to Mr. Lee.





CHARLES DAVEY
. I am a shopman to the last witness. On the 21st of November, in consequence of a massage from Mr. Lee, I directed my attention to the female prisoner—she came to my master's shop that evening—I could not hear the name she gave—I followed her, by my master's directions—when I got outside, I saw the male prisoner standing on the curb, close by the door—they went on, and met at the corner of the Borought-road—they again at No. 5, Amelia-place, Union-street—I took the officer there, and found that was their home—the female prisoner was not at home—the man was—Furley, the officer, called me up into the room, and the male prisoner put his coat on; I said he was the man—he was then taken to Union-hall, and the woman was taken afterwards—these are the eight skins I took from Mr. Doehnel to Mr. Lee for sale.

Mary Ann Jepson. The reason my husband was present was, I had to redeem a trifling article at a pawn-shop.





HENRY LEE
. I am a skinner and furrier, and live in Maze-pond, in the Borough. On the 21st of November Davey brought me eight skins—looked at them, and was so satisfied that there was no beaver of that description brought to this country, but by the Hudson's Bay Company I detained the skins, and sent my brother to the Hudson's Bay Company—the skins were not out of my sight till me were at Union-hull—on my sending to the Hudson's Bay Company, Mr. Hagell came, and

claimed the skins immediately—they are new, and worth from 25s. to 30s. each.

Mary Ann Jepson. Mr. Lee said there were more skins of this sort in circulation, and he told the officer if he would give himself a little trouble he would find more about Witness. I have seen more skins in circulation which no doubt. were taken in the same way; but they were not this year's skins—It was in the February or March this year—I did not allude to this year's new skins, but last year's skins—I was asked if I had seen any before, and I said I had, but I did not allude to this year's skins.





WILLIAM HAGELL
. I have been warehouse-keeper to the Hudson's Bay Company about thirty years. I know that two parcles of skins arrived for them, by the Prince Rupert, last October—they were in the warehouse—once of them had been taken Out, or sold, or disposed of by the Company in any way—I know of no person who imports these skins but the Hudson's Bay Company—these skins were not in a state fit for sale—they had to undergo a preparation, and every skin passes through my hands—I went to Mr. Lee's consequence of their calling at the Hudson's Bay House—Mr. Lee produced these eight skins to me—I have no doubt they are the property of the Hudson's Bay Company—they are part of the Prince Rupert.






GEORGE FURLONG
. I am an officer. I went to No, 8, Amelia-place, on the 23rd of November—It is a good way from Kenning ton—I went up stairs, and inquired for a person named Price—no such person lived there—I desired to see the lodgers—I saw the male prisoner in the Back room up stairs—I called up Davey; and as soon as he saw him, he said he was the person who was with the woman who sold the skins—(I had asked the prisoner's landlord, and he said he lodged there)—he said I was quite welcome to search his place, and he lighted me—I waited about an hour, or an hour and a half, and the female prisoner came home—I asked her if her name was Price—she said, "No, Jepson;" but that she had lived with a man named Price—she said the skins were given her by a particular friend of her's named Price—I asked where he lived, and she could not give me the slightest information—I went to prospect-place, and to several other places, but could find no Price—these are the skins I received from Mr. Lee.

Mary Ann Jepson. I did not say I lived with Price; I said particular friend of mine, named Price.





WILLIAM HAGELL, JUN
. I have brought one skin out of the pared of eleven thousand and odd—these appear to be the same—from my knowledge of the business, and the skins passing through my hands, I have no doubt that they are the same—there are nine missing, and nine found—there is a factory, called the York Factory, at Hudson's Bay—these skins came from there—It is their factory—they manufacture for none but the Hudson's Bay Company—the savages bring their skins there at different times, and they pick them and send them over.

John Jepson. I have no defence, nor have I been associated with the charge—I have been fifteen years in London, and never was accused of a dishonest action.

Mary Ann Jepson's Defence. They were never given to me by my husband.

JOHN JEPSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.

MARY ANN JEPSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Judgment Respited.


Fourth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

