



1529. 




JOHN THOMAS CUMMINS
 was indicted

 for stealing from 



William Buckingham, an officer of the Post-office, 2 post letters, the property of the 



Right Hon. Thomas William, Earl of Litchfield, her Majesty's Postmaster-general; and another Count, for stealing 1 £10 and 2£5 bank notes, and 4 £5 promissory notes.



MESSRS. SHEPPERD, ADOLPHUS. and the
HON. MR. SCARLETT
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH SCRIVENER
. I am traveller for Messrs. Woolley and Marahalh soap-boilers, Denmark-street, St. Giles's. On the 8th of November I was at Alton, in Hampshire, and enclosed in a letter two £5 Bank of England notes, No. 9278, dated 4th October, 1837.; and No, 33959, dated 2nd March, 1838; one £10 Portsmouth branch bank, No. 9119, dated 13th October, 1837; and four £ 5 of the Winchester bank, Nos. 2873 and 2108 both dated 26th September, 1837; Nos. 4817 and 4842, dated 1st Sept., 1838—I directed the letter to Woolley and Marshall, soap-makers, St. Giles's, London, and put it in the post-office between eight and nine o'clock, in time for the evening post—I expected an acknowledgment my employers, but did, not receive any—(looking at some notes)—here are three Bank of England notes—they are the same—and here are three of the Winchester notes which I enclosed.





CAROLINE COMPLIN
. I am assistant to the post-mistress at Alton—a letter posted there would be forwarded to London the same evening—I forwarded the bag on the 8th of November as usual.





JOHN GARDENER
. I am a clerk at the General Post—office. The Alton mail-bag arrived on the 9th of November, in the regular course, in its used state, and was opened by me.





CHARLES BALDWIN
. I am district sorter in the Inland office. A letter arriving on the 9th of November for Woolley and Co., St.Giles's, would be sorted to the St. Giles's walk—the postage of a treble letter from Alton to London would be two shillings.





WILLIAM BUCKINGHAM
. In November last I was a letter-carrier in the General Post-office, for the St. Giles's district—I am now in a gentleman's service—I know the prisoner but never knew him employed in the Post-office—I met him in Charlotte-street, Bloomsbury, on the 25th of October—he came to me with an order purporting to be signed "Woolley, Marshall, and Co.," which I afterwards destroyed—it was an order to deliver to the bearer any letters which might be directed to them—I delivered him one charged 8d., the portage of Which I duly received from Woolley and Marshall—I saw him again on the 2nd of November and a like transaction took place—on the 9th of November he the again in Charlotte-street, and asked if there Were any letters directed to Woolley and Marshall—I Said I had one, and gave him a treble letter charged 2s.—I used to receive the postage from Woolley and Marshall once a-week, on Saturdays—this was Friday—I called on Saturday at Woolley and Marshall's, and I did not get the money for the letter—they said they had never received such a letter, in consequence of which I made a communication to the post-office—I never saw the prisoner again till the 12th of April, when he was in custody—when I delivered him the letter I told him I was obliged to be very careful who I delivered letters to, as there had been a person going about with forged orders from different firms, and obtaining letters from different carriers he said he hoped the person would soon be taken and brought to justice—I was discharged for delivering him this letter.





BBNJAMIN ZACHARIA WOOLLEY
. I am one of firm of woolley and Marshall. We received no letter on the 9th of November from Mr.Seri vener—no letter arrived that morning by—the post—the prisoner had no authority to receive letters for our firm—I never saw him.





EDWARD WOOLLEY
. I am the son of the last witness, and employed by

the firm—a stranger, in one instance brought a letter to our house, and the postage was paid to Buckingham—no letter arrived on the 9th of November.

JURY. Q. Was the prisoner the person who brought the letter? A. A person very much like him in height and appearance, but the time was so short—he did not ask for any money.





EDWARD GAUNTLET
. I am clerk to Messrs. Barclay, bankers, the London agents of Napp and Co., of Winchester. On Friday, the 9th of November, I paid these four notes in gold—they are all £ 5 notes.





JOHN GULLIVER
. I am a clerk at Barclay's. On the 9th of November I collected all the country notes which were paid, and gave them to Hunt to enter.





WILLIAM HUNT
. I am a clerk at Barclay's. On the 10th of November I received four £ 5 Winchester notes from Gulliver, and entered the numbers in a book, which I have here—they are 2108, 2373, 4842, and 4817—I have not the dates.





ROBERT FISH
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. These three bank-notes were brought into the bank on the other of November, and paid by myself in gold—the name of "Charles Watkins, 30, Princes-street, Soho," was written on them when brought.





WILLIAM BOCKENHAM
. I am employed in the Inland-office. The prisoner was formerly a letter-carrier in the office, and left about two years ago—I frequently saw him write, and am acquainted with his hand-writing—to the best of my belief, the name of Charles Watkins on these notes is in his hand-writing.

Prisoner. Q. How many times have you seen me write A. I should say some hundreds, and when I paid your wages—it was chiefly his signature, but I have seen him write on many occasions—Thomas William Earl of Litchfield is the Post-master-general.





EDWARD TURNER
. I am the prisoner's brother-in-law, and am a brick-layer. On the 9th of November I was at work at the Grand Hotel, opposite the entrance of the Birmingham Railway, Euston-square—the prisoner came to me at the Drummond Arms, Drummond-street, when I was at dinner—he pressed me very hard to take a trip with him to Tring by the railway—seeing him with sovereigns, and knowing he was in bad circumstances before, (he told me he was transacting smuggling business for a person)—I declined going, saying, half a day's work was more to my family than a trip—I saw him with a bag of sovereigns—he offered to pay my half-day's work—I am not positive whether this was the 9th or not—it was on or about Lord Mayor's-day, and I believe on a Friday—on the Sunday following he called at my house, and said he had come to bid me good-bye, that he was going over to New Brazil, and that he had a situation under Government, as Superintendent of the Police—I did not see him again till he was in custody.

Prisoner, Q. Are you confident it was all sovereigns I had in the bag? A. No; but according to the bulk of the bag, I should think there were from thirty to forty sovereigns, if it was all gold—I did not see inside the bag—I judge by the chink of the money, but I saw gold in it.





MARY PENNELL
. I am the wife of Simeon Pennell, of Union-street, Middlesex Hospital—the prisoner came to lodge at our house, on the 8th of September, at 4s. 6d. a week—their rent was four weeks in arrear—I asked his wife for it about the 8th of November—I had asked for it once

or twice—and on the 10th of November his wife paid me 18s., and they left—I saw no more of them—when I asked for it, about two days before it was paid, he told me he was going to the Bank.





NICHOLAS PEARSB
. I am a policeman. In November last I received instruction to apprehend the prisoner—I endeavoured to do so, but did not succeed till Friday, the 12th of April, when I went with Shaw, to No.8, Richmond-place, Lisson-grove, to the first-floor back-room—I found the door locked—I knocked and called, but nobody answered—I then called "Mrs. Turner," knowing she occupied that room—the door was unlocked at last—I saw the prisoner, and asked his name—he said it was Turner, and he was the son of Mrs. Turner—Shaw—then entered the room, and called him Cummins—he said, "My name is Turner"—he was taken into custody—he said he had been to Bristol, and came up last Saturday.

Prisoner, Q. Could the door be shut close without locking? A. To the best of my belief it could—I did not observe whether there was a hasp to it.





FRANCIS PURDEN
. I live at No. 30, Princes-street, Soho. In November last no person named Charles Walker lived there, nor did the prisoner—I do not know him.
(The prisoner put in a written defence, declaring his innocence, and that the witness was mistaken in his person,)




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
(There were two other indictments against him.)
