





271. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     RICKETTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
, 4 sovereigns, and 2 sixpences, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Adam 
                           Aberdeen
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
ADAM ABERDEEN. I live in Stanhope-cottage, Brompton, and am a gardener
. On the 10th of December I was walking along the path, at Brompton


 - I saw a woman walking on the same path in the same direction; I could not swear to her person or her dress, but I felt her hand in my pocket; I took her arm, and held it till the officer came - I told him I had been robbed of four sovereigns and two sixpences, and I thought I saw her throw it over the railing; the officer went, and found the same money which I had lost, wrapped in a bit of paper - I had it in my pocket when the woman accusted me, and never let her go till the officer took her.

JOHN POINTING (Police-constable T 6.) I received the prisoner into custody from the prosecutor between twelve and one o'clock; I got over the rails of a little garden, and found four sovereigns and two sixpences, about two yards from the prisoner - in taking her to the station-house, she said it did not signify between them, as she had had two children by him; one of our men said he had seen her and the prosecutor just before.
Prisoner. There were two or three women with him, and he was in that place with one of them; I was going by, he seized me, and because I would not comply with him he charged me with this.


                  ADAM 
                  ABERDEEN
               



            . I was not over in the garden, nor did I offer to take any liberties with the prisoner - there was no woman with me; I had had a few glasses of wine, but knew what I was about.
COURT. Q. Did you speak to her? A. No; she asked me to give her some drink - I do not know whether I made any reply; I had never seen her before.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
