



703. 




THOMAS HEFFERMAN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
11th of January, I purse, value 6d.; 2 half-crowns, 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the goods and monies of 



John Piggott, from the person of 



Harriet Piggott.






HARRIET PIGGOTT
. I am the wife of John Piggott, a tailor. On the 10th of January, at a quarter past nine o'clock, I was coming up Chiswell-street, on to Finsbury-pavement, to come home—there were two young lads first before me and then behind me—the prisoner then shoved against me, and I fell against the railings—I felt his hand at my pocket—I turned round and said "You have picked my pocket of my purse, containing two half-crowns, two shillings, and one sixpence"—I held him—he said, "It was not me that had your purse, it was them that ran away"—he got from me—I fell down, and a witness caught him—the other two lads had run away—when I took the prisoner, he said, rather than be exposed, he would make up what I had in the purse.

Cross-examined by
MR. PATHS. Q. Did you lay hold of him directly? A. Yes, the moment he pushed against me—he offered to give me his name and address, but he did not—the purse has never been found.





JOHN KENDALL
. I am a silver-plate worker. At a quarter past nine o'clock, I was crossing the square, and saw a few persons assembled—I went up, and the prosecutrix was accusing the prisoner of taking a parse—he made a bit of a scuffle, and ran away about fifty yards—I overtook and stopped him—he said, "I have not done it, by G—d!"and I heard him say to the policeman and the prosecutrix, that he would rather make up the money than be exposed—he said he was too respectable to rob a person.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you meet the officer and deliver the prisoner to him? A. I did—the prosecutrix came up to me about three minutes afterwards.





JOSEPH STANNARD
 (police-constable G 229.) I heard the call of "Police"—I went, and found the prisoner in the custody of John Kendall—the prosecutrix came up, and told me she had lost a purse with two half-crowns, two shillings, and one sixpence—I said he must go to the station-house—in going along he said, "If you will not take me there, I will go to the first pawnbroker's, and pawn my coat and waistcoat, and make it up, and give it her.

MRS. PIGGOTT
re-examined. My purse was in my pocket on ray right hand—my keys were in that pocket—they rattled, and the prisoner's hand was at my pocket, but I cannot swear it was in my pocket, and then I missed my purse.




GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
