



359. 




JAMES CLUNEY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
16th of December, 1 seal, value 1l. 5s.; 1 watch-key, value 15s.; 1 slide, value 10s,; and 1 split ring, value 10s.; the goods of 



Solomon Cook, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






SOLOMON COOK
. I am a modeller of ships, and live at No. 29, Brunswick-street, Black wall. I was in the Commercial-road on the 16th of December, about half-past eight o'clock—I got to Dean-street, when the prisoner, whom I had never seen before, came up to me, and put his shoulder against me with the intent to heave me down—I did not say a word—I looked at him steadfastly in the face, so that I know him again—the other person who was in company with him shoved him against me, so that I should have fallen if I had not resisted—when they found they could not heave me down, the prisoner took hold of my seal and key—as soon as I saw his hand take hold of them, I put my right hand against my watch, and he ran off with the seal, key, ring, slide, and riband—the riband was fixed to the watch—the ring of the watch broke—they both ran down Dean-street—I followed the prisoner and sung out, "Stop Thief"—he ran down John-street, and was taken at last—I am sure he is the man—I can swear to him by looking so hard at him at the time.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What sort of night was this? A. Very foggy—the shoving lasted about a quarter of a minute—they appeared, when I first saw them, to be arm in arm—I first saw them at the lower part of the opening—I saw them perhaps for a minute—I had been at Mr. Holland's—I was quite sober—I lost sight of the prisoner for a quarter of a minute—he has about three minutes away from me—I did not stop him myself—I do not know whether I could see twenty yards before me—he was at first close to me, but while running he was perhaps twice the length of this court from me—he returned down two turnings and part of another—I never saw my seal again.





RICHARD ELLIOTT
. I am a tailor, and live in Tarling-street, Commercial-road. About half-past eight o'clock on that evening I heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I proceeded from the corner of Sidney-street to Dean-street, where I saw the prisoner running—there was no one before him—I pursued him half-way down Dean-street; and by the direction that he took, I knew he would come up the other way—I proceeded up the Commercial-road, and

caught him as he was turning the corner of Watney-street—I am sure he is the person I saw run—he said, when I stopped him, "What have I done?"—I said, "I don't know"—the prosecutor came up, and said, "He has robbed me of a gold seal"—the prisoner made no answer—the policeman came up, and the prosecutor gave him into custody—he was taken to the station-house—on the road he made use of very bad expressions, and said, if he had his hand at liberty, he would make me remember it, and he gave me a violent kick.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you? A. At the corner of Sidney-street—I went direct to Dean-street, which leads into the Commercial-road—Watney-street and Dean-street are both on the same side of the way—there is no street between them—I was about ten yards from the prisoner—it was not very foggy—I could see a hundred yards at half-past eight o'clock—the prisoner was coming into the Commercial-road when I caught him—I first saw him in Dean-street, and I caught him at the corner of Watney-street—I lost sight of him, and saw him for about two minutes in Dean-street—I am sure he is the same person.





WILLIAM DERRICK
. (police-constable K 218.) I was on duty, and heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I saw the prisoner running up Watney-street—I ran to the corner, and saw him stopped by Elliott—the prosecutor was running after him—I got hold of the prisoner—he said, "What have I done? I have done nothing"—I told him to wait a minute, there would be some one there—the prosecutor came up in about a minute, and gave him into custody for robbing him of a gold seal, key, ring, and slide, attached with a black ribbon—I took him to the station-house, and found 4s. 4d. on him.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not find the seal nor ribbon? A. No; I was about ten yards from him at the time he was stopped, and on the same side of the way—I was near to Watney-street, in the Commercial-road—I saw him turning the corner from Watney-street, where he was taken—it was foggy—I could see about fifty yards—there is a gas-lamp at the corner of Dean-street, and a lamp in a shop at the corner of Watney-street.





JOSEPH HAMMOND
. I am a police-sergeant. The prisoner was brought into the station-house—he said he was innocent, and refused to give his name and address—this watch was produced from the prosecutor's fob—it has the guard broken.





JOHN BODDINOTON
 (police-constable N 154.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the clerk of the peace at Clerkenwell—the prisoner in the man. (Read.)

Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear the trial? A. Yes; I gave evidence.

Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor states that it was light at the corner of this street where he was robbed, and I have got a witness to prove that there was no light—he states he could see me by a light from a shop window—there was no light.

MR. PAYNE
to
WM. DERRICK. Q. What street is the shop at the corner of? A. Watney-street and Dean-street—both have gas-lights in them—there is gas near the corner of the street—there is sufficient light from the shops to see a person.





JOHN CLUNEY
. I am the prisoner's father. There is no light at the corner of this street—there is a doctor's shop seventeen yards down from the corner, and a small window, which would show no light at the

corner—at that corner there is no light in the Commmercial-road—the light is seventeen yards down Dean-street, which cannot throw any light into the Commercial-road—there is another doctor's shop at the corner of Watney-street, which is situated the same way—there is no light shines from either of these streets into the Commercial-road—I went there yesterday and the day before.





SOLOMON COOK

re-examined. Q. You stated that you looked at him steadfastly, are you able positively to swear he is the man that forced the chain from you? A. Yes, positively—it was taken from me on the pavement in the Commercial-road—there was a light, which enabled me to see him, out of a doctor's shop at the corner of Dean-street—it is the corner house—the light which shone on his face was not from the Commercial-road, but down the street—I cannot say whether it was seventeen yards down—it was sufficient for me to see him.
(John Nind, of Kingsland, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported foe Fourteen Years.
