




1637. 




JOHN DUFFY
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
20th of June, 4 handkerchiefs, value 12s., the goods of 



Joseph Delany; and 




JOHN HANDS



, as an accessary after the fact.






MARY ANN WARDER
. I live opposite Mr. Delany. On the 20th of June I saw a boy, who I believe to be Duffy, run off, with four pocket-handkerchiefs in his hand—he had just left the shop-door—he ran down Adam-street—I gave an alarm to a young man, who alarmed Reardon.





DANIEL REARDON
. I am in the employ of Joseph Delany, a pawn-broker, in Church-street, Rotherhithe. I heard an alarm, and missed a red, yellow, and blue handkerchief, which had been safe inside the shop five minutes before—I ran out, and at the corner of Adam-street, I saw Duffy turn the corner shop with a bundle in his hand—I could see a red handkerchief—I followed him for half a mile—he got into some alleys—I lost sight of him—he turned into Rotherhithe-street, and I gave him up at last, but I saw him close to the water side, with the prisoner Hands and another in a boat, rowing away as fast as they could—I called to them—they turned and looked at me—I called to the waterman to bring him back, but they rowed on—I got into a boat and followed them—I gained on them within about three yards, and saw Duffy take the handkerchiefs from his bosom, double them up, and I could distinctly see my tickets pinned on the corner of them—he put them into the water, and Hands took the scull and tried to sink them—I followed them, and Hands jumped out and swam ashore—Duffy got out into a coal wharf—I secured him—I returned and Hands had hid himself—he got into the boat I had been in—I gave them both into custody—I have lost the handkerchiefs altogether.





JOHN ADAMS
. I am a Thames police-constable. I received the prisoners in charge from Reardon.





RICHARD ASH
. I am a waterman. I was in my boat—Reardon got into it—his evidence is true—Hands was jumping up the side of a barge, and fell into the water—he swam to a skiff, and ran over the wharf.

Duffy's Defence. I know no thing about the handkerchief—I was going over the water to get a job—I had no money to pay my passage, to get work among the riggers—I asked the other prisoner to give me a cast over the water.

Hands's Defence. I was at the Reform-coal-wharf, where I got work. The prisoner asked me to give him a cast over the water—I did so, and this young man hallooed out "Stop thief," when I had got half way over—I fell overboard, as I was stepping over the barges.

DUFFY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.

HANDS—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

