




1549. 




HENRY NIGHTINGALE
 and 




ABEL LEE
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of June, 2 brooms, value 4s.; and 60 brushes, value 2l. 14s.; the goods of 



Daniel Miller.






DANIEL MILLER
. I have a boy named Anthony Cates in my employ—I gave him two carpet brooms and sixty brushed on the 10th of June to take out—they are not here.





ANTHONY CATES
. I am fourteen years old, and am errand-boy to the prosecutor, who lives in Houndsditch. I had the brooms and brushes to take out—as I was going along Houndsditch I saw the prisoner Lee—I am quite sure of him—I lost sight of him then, and saw him again in Finsbury-square—when he got to Whitbread's brewery he spoke to me, and said he had been to my master's, and that he was to have the goods because they were wanted particularly, and I gave them to him—he took them off my shoulder—(I thought it was right,) and he gave them over to the other prisoner who was with him—he heard what Lee said to me—I am quite sure of both of them—Nightingale carried them when Lee gave them to him—they walked away fast.

Cross-examined by
MR. ALLEN. Q. How long have you been in Mr. Miller's employ? A. Three weeks and some odd days—I was about half a mile from master's I suppose—I had walked all that way with the brushes on my shoulder—I first saw Lee at the top of Houndsditch—he was coming after me, and I lost sight of him—he was behind me—he was dressed the same as he is now in a black suit, covered buttons, and black

apron—I knew him by that and by his features and light countenance—he had a hat on—I could not see his hair—there were not a great many people passing—it was twelve o'clock—I looked at the clock at the brewery—It might be a minute or two before twelve o'clock then—I have never said I was not quite sure Lee was the man—nothing of the kind—I said he was the man when I saw him in custody—I went to the City saw-mills after I gave the brushes to Lee—I had to go there on an errand—I thought it was all right till the shop-boy asked me where the strap was, and then I told him, and when he went to Hackney he told master—I saw the prisoners at the station-house next day—I had seen Lee two or three times about Shoreditch and Church-street before that day, but only saw him once that day.

Nightingale's Defence. We have witnesses to prove where we were at the time.





SARAH LEVY
. I am marred, and live in Dawson's-place, Whitechapel, The two prisoners came to our house last Friday morning about a quarter past ten o'clock—they wanted my husband to do some work for them, but he was not at home—I asked them to wait—I said I was sure be would be home about one o'clock—and they both staid till near two o'clock—they were out of my house at all during that time to my knowledge—I was not out—if they had gone out I must have seen them, or missed them.

COURT. Q. Where did they come to at first? A. Into the lower room—they sat down by the door, one on a chair by one side of the window, and the other on the other—I remained in the room with them all the time—I was in and out of the yard. but not out of the house—my daughter was not at home, but she came in about eleven o'clock, and did not go out any more all day—the saw them there—she did not remain in the room all the time—she was there some part of the time—I cannot exactly say what we were talking about when she was in the room—we were talking about the children—I have two—they came from school at twelve o'clock—my daughter was in the room when they came in—the prisoners were then there—they was playing with the children—we generally dine at one o'clock, and did so that day—they did not dine with us—they had nothing at our house—we had some beef for dinner—they were sitting in the room while we dined—they were going away and I asked them to stop, and they did—they sat where they did when they first came in—my daughter sat by the fire-place at dinner—nobody else was in the room but the children—we had nothing to drink—I asked the prisoners to eat dinner with us, but they would not—both me and my daughter asked them—our dinner was over by half-past one o'clock I believe—they were still there—the children went to school, and the prisoner went away at a quarter to two o'clock—my daughter stopped—my husband did not come home till eight o'clock in the evening—he is a tailor—I have know the prisoners some years by coming backwards and forwards—I knew Nightingale most—I knew them by bringing jobs to my husband.





ESTHER LEVY
. I live with my mother. I only know the prisoners by bringing work to my father to do—they came last Friday, about ten o'clock, or a quarter past, and brought my father-in-law some work to do—they asked if he was at home—I said, he was not, and asked them to stay—I expected him home to dinner, and they staid from ten o'clock till nearly two—I am positive of it, for I washed my children to send them to school—they could not have gone out of the house without my knowledge.


COURT. Q. Where did you wash the children? A. In the lower room, about a quarter to two o'clock—I will not be positive to a minute—I was nursing my baby, which is two months old, before that; I nurse it all day long—I nursed it at breakfast, we sometimes breakfast at eight o'clock—we dine at about one o'clock—we do not in general dine on that day until evening—we did not dine that day, I know we did not because my father and mother-in-law are Jews, and do not dine till evening—I do not eat and drink with them—I did not dine with them that day—the prisoners were sitting at the place from ten o'clock till nearly two—I am positive it was ten o'clock, or it might be a quarter after when they came in—I was at home at a quarter past ten and answered the door—I did not go out at all while they were there—I was in all the time.

NIGHTINGALE—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.

LEE—


GUILTY
.† Aged 21.




Transported for Seven Years.
