



1888. 




EDMUND KELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of August, 1 watch, value 5l.; 1 seal, value 1l.; 1 watch-key, value 15s.; 1 spilt-ring, value 4s.; and 1 watch-ribbon, value 6d.; the goods of 



Joseph Heath, from his person.






JOSEPH HEATH
. I am not in any business. I live in Baker-street, Pentonville. On the 4th of August, just after twelve o'clock at night, I was in Gray's-inn-lane—a man ran against me—I thought it was the effect of an accident, but almost immediately found I had lost my watch and its appendages—the next morning I went to the different pawnbrokers, and at one I heard the seal had been offered to know if it was gold—I gave information.





JAMES BLAND
. I live with Mr. Jones, a pawnbroker in Holborn. I produce the watch, pledged on the 5th of August, for 2l. 16s.—it was not by the prisoner—it was a stouter man than he was.





WILLIAM HUBBARD
. I am a waiter and messenger to Mr. Stone, of the Cobham's Head, at the corner of Coppice-row. I know the prisoner—on the Friday morning, 5th of August, I saw the prisoner, five minutes before eight o'clock—he said, "I thought I had found a prize, but I am afraid it is not"—I said, "What is it?"—he said, "I picked up a seal, but I don't think it is gold; I will sell it for 1s."—I gave him 1s. for it—I cleaned it up, and took it over to Mr. Cordell—he said,

"There has been a gentleman robbed last evening or early this morning", and he asked me to go to the station-house—I went, and gave up the seal—they wanted to detain me—I said they had no occasion, as I could find the man in two minutes, which I did, and took the prisoner.





THOMAS HODGE
. I am a policeman. I took the seal and ring from the pawnbroker—I then detained Hubbard till he produced the man that he said he had it of—he brought the prisoner—I took him to the station-house, searched him, and found the duplicate of the watch in his watch-pocket, and 2l. 3s. 7 1/4d.—this is the duplicate of the watch, which was pledged in Holborn—the ribbon, which the prosecutor swears to, was in the prisoner's coat pocket—when I came to his watch-pocket, he said, "Now, old man, you have got it; I had the watch".





JOSEPH HEATH
. This is my seal and my watch—there was a gold key, but that has disappeared—the ribbon I believe is mine.

Prisoner to
WM. HUBBARD. Q. Had you not a club supper at your house that night? A. Yes—I cannot say the time when I came out of the tap-room, nor whether you stood there till a quarter to one o'clock—we had not less than 120 people to wait on—I was running up and down—it was impossible for me to know who was in the parlour, or who at the door, or in the tap-room.

Prisoner's Defence. On Friday morning, between the hours of four and five, I was passing along the fields leading from Calthorpe-street to Bagwells road, by the wall of the House of Correction; and in a corner where there is a water-course, I saw the watch. I picked it up, and at the time thought I was committing no crime in so doing. I afterwards went to the Cobham's Head, to clean some knives and forks for the pot-boy. I informed him that I had found a seal, he then asked me if I wished to sell it, and what I wanted for it; I said I would leave the price with him: and I solemnly declare at that time, I thought it was only metal—he offered me a shilling for it, saying it was as much as he could afford—I let him have it. At the time I found the watch, I was in the deepest distress, having been out of work for twelve months, and having a wife and seven children entirely dependent on me. I did, I must confess, pledge the watch for 2l. 16s.




GUILTY
. Aged 46.—


Transported For Fourteen Years.
