





337. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PARKER alias 
JOHN JONES





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of December
, 25 lbs. weight of ham, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Tate
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  COLE
               



            . I am a Police-serjeant. On the 31st of December I was at the corner of Bainbridge-street, near to Oxford-street - I saw the prisoner and another boy
 coming from Oxford-street; the prisoner had something heavy wrapped in this apron, which was tied round him, and he was holding the ends - he was first and the other close behind him; they seemed in company - I passed the other one and he ran away; I went up to the prisoner, and asked what he had there - he said, Something, but did not say what; I asked where he got it from; he said, from the top of Tottenham-court-road, and was going to Nelson-terrace; I said he was going in a contrary direction - I found these two pieces of ham in the prisoner's apron; I took him to the station, and then found Mr. Tate's shop, about a hundred and fifty yards from where I had taken him.


                  JOHN 
                  FENNELLY
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Tate
               



            , a cheesemonger
, in Oxford-street


. The officer came to our shop on the 31st of December, about ten minutes to seven o'clock - I was called down by Mr. Tate, who asked me what had been in the window; I said two pieces of ham - I looked and they were gone; I had put them there about six o'clock - these are them; they are my master's property.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
