






11. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     WILTSHIRE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WILTSHIRE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of October
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Schmidt
                        




                     
                  , from his person; and that the said Charles Wiltshire had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SCHMIDT
               



            . On Friday, the 26th of October, about half-past twelve o'clock in the day, I was passing through White Rose-court, Coleman-street


; I felt something at my pocket in the narrow part of the court - I put my hand in my pocket, and missed my handkerchief, and on turning round, saw the two prisoners immediately behind me; there were others behind them - Charles was nearest to me, and Francis immediately behind him; I laid hold of them both immediately, and charged them with the robbery: Francis attempted to run away, but having hold of them, I took them to the wide part of the court to search them; but before I moved them, I found my handkerchief between them, on the ground - an officer was fetched, and I gave them in charge.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  HAM
               



            . I am an officer. I received the handkerchief from the prosecutor - the prisoners denied the charge.


                  Francis 
                  Wiltshire
               



            . I was passing through the court, a young man and boy were behind me; directly they got to the broad part of the court, they immediately ran away.
MR. SCHMIDT. I saw nobody running away - the persons behind him could not have done it - the court was too narrow.
F. WILTSHIRE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.
C. WILTSHIRE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
