





1810. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MACHENERY
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for bigamy
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  EDMUND 
                  LOVATT
               



            . I am parish-clerk of St. Nicholas chapel, at Liverpool. I produce a paper, which I copied from the register-book of the church - it is a verbatim copy; this is my name signed to it as a witness - I was present at the marriage, and 
               
                  William 
                  Richards
               



            , who was then under sexton; he is now a pauper in the Liverpool workhouse; this register states that "
               
                  John 
                  Machenery
               



            , of this parish, labourer
, and 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Evans
                  



               
            , spinster, were married in this chapel, by banns, on the 27th of August, 1827, by John Thompson, curate;" on the 23rd of June, 1827, a man, calling himself John Machenery, directed me to have the banns put up - I wrote the names on the top of this paper, and he signed it at the bottom, John Machenery; I have not the slightest doubt about the prisoner being the same man - I have a recollection of his person; I did not know the woman before the marriage, but I saw her last Saturday morning, at the Neptune hotel, Liverpool, where she lives as cook - I saw her married to the man on the 27th of August, 1827; I only saw the prisoner on these two occasions.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Have you always been as confident as to the identity of the prisoner as you are now? A. I have no doubt on my mind - after I saw the wife
 I identified her, and thought I could identify the man; I was not always as confident of the identity of the prisoner as I am now, but having seen him twice, and connecting one thing with another, it brings it to my recollection very forcibly - my conversation with his wife was the first that brought the subject to my recollection; I only saw the prisoner twice before I saw him at the Police-office - we have seven or eight hundred banns published at Liverpool in the course of twelve months; I saw the prisoner about ten minutes when he put up the publication of the banns; it is from that circumstance I speak to him, and I have no doubt the woman I saw at Liverpool was the person I saw married to him.
COURT. Q. Do you clearly recollect her as the person who was married to this man? A. Yes.
MR. PHILLIPS. How long did the marriage ceremony last? A. Perhaps a quarter of an hour, and I had then an opportunity of seeing the prisoner.


                  MATTHEW 
                  WHITRIDGE
               



            . I am a tea-dealer. I have known the prisoner since 1828 - he then lived with a friend of mine, and in 1829 he came to live with me - there was an application from his wife in Liverpool, I believe, to have some money from him; I asked him if he had been married, and why he had been married in the name of Machenery: I think this must have been in the early part of 1830; he said it was his mother's name, and he had frequently gone by that name in his youth, and that he was married in that name - I only knew him by the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Lillis
               



            ; I believe he was a native of Ireland, but I do not know of what part - the conversation took place in consequence of some person calling at the shop, and asking for Mr. Machenery - they saw him in the shop in my presence, and they applied for some money.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNETT
               



            . I live with a grocer, in Charles-street, Manchester-square. I have known the prisoner for abouttwelve months last Christmas; I have seen him write a great many times; I believe this letter [No.2] to be his writing; also the name of John Machenery to this other [No.1], and the signature to these marriage instructions.
Cross-examined. Q. You have seen these letters before? A. Yes - I have not compared them with any writing; I speak from my recollection of his writing - he frequently came to the shop, where I was, to fetch the money; sometimes I gave it him, and sometimes another young man in the shop - the prisoner signed his initials, and frequently, when he was there, he would write on some paper in the shop; he has written his name at full length, and my name also; and on one occasion I was there every day for a month - I never saw him write "Machenery" in full, but he would frequently write "
               
                  James 
                  M. Hooper
               



            ," and from the M. and the John, and the other letters, I believe this to be his writing; I have seen him write small and large letters, and though these signatures are different letters, I believe they are his.


                  EDWARD 
                  BURRIDGE
               



            . I am an officer of Marylebone-office. I apprehended the prisoner on the 9th of July, at Calvert's brewhouse; I told him it was on a charge of marrying a person named Draper, he having a wife living - he said, "It cannot be me, it must be a mistake;" I said,"Is not your name Lillis?" he said, Yes; I said, "Did you ever go by any other name?" he said, No; I said,"Did you never go by the name of Machenery?" he said,"No, I never did;" I brought in Mrs. Machenery unawares - she reproached him with his heartless conduct, and said he had robbed her; he made no answer, but appeared to wish to shun her.


                     MARY 
                     DRAPER
                  



               
            . I keep a public-house
, in Oxford-street. I married the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  BURGE
               



            . I live in Perry-terrace, Brewer-street, Somers'-town - I have known the prisoner about two years- I know Mary Draper. I was present at the church of St. Pancras, on the 24th of October last, when the prisoner and her were married; I signed my name in the book as a witness.
- THISTLETON. I am clerk of St. Pancras


. -This is the register of marriages there. On the 24th of October, 1831


, John Lillis and Mary Draper were married; it is signed by John Burge and several others.
MR. LEE to MR. WHITRIDGE. Q. Can you tell what age the prisoner was in 1828? A. He appeared very young at that time; I should think he was from twenty to twenty-one - I think it was in August, 1829, he came into my service; I am quite certain it was not so early as February, 1827.
COURT. Q. Did any thing further pass then his saying that he had gone by the name of Machenery? A. No, only that he had used that name in his youth - the person came from Liverpool, and asked for Mr. Machenery; he was at the back of the shop, and came forward himself.


                  THOMAS 
                  DRAPER
               



            . I am a licensed victualler. I brought these letters from Liverpool; I received them from Mrs. Machenery, at the Neptune hotel, in the presence of her master and mistress - (letters were here read).(No. 1.) 91, Cheapside, London, January 26, 1829.
MRS. MACHENERY, - I received your letter this morning, and, in return, have to inform you, that I have resolved that no alteration shall take place in my first intention respecting the settlement of the money I possess; I am much surprised that you should have employed an attorney to endeavour to obtain the money from me, as you must be perfectly aware that there is no existing law which can compel me to part with it - when I promised the person, who called a few days ago, to forward the money, it was upon the understanding, that I should be totally free from all demands from you in future; but I find, upon reference to competent authority, that that cannot be the case - you seem to insinuate that I possessed myself of the money, and then left you; but you know perfectly well that I never received it until a long period after my marriage with you, and consequently the free act was your own, although, as your husband, the law saw in me the rightful possessor of it - I disclaim all intention of wronging or injuring you, but I cannot allow myself to become the dupe of any one whom you may choose to employ against me; the money is quite safe in the hands of the person who at present holds it for me, and there I am firmly resolved it shall remain - but if, at any future period, you should be in want of money or assistance, you may depend that I will withhold neither from you; I am charged with having changed my name from Machenery to Lillis - but although Lillis was the name in which I was brought up, Machenery was my father's, and consequently the name in which I was compelled to be married; and do not think that because I withhold the money from you now, that it is my intention to squander it away without your having any prospect of deriving any ultimate advantage from it, as it will be my first care to save up all my earnings to increase it, with the hope, after a short lapse of time, of being comfortabley settled with you; the reason I have not more money now is, that when I was in Scotland I was taken ill, which compelled me to part with a great deal of it - I shall always he happy to hear from you, and will answer all your letters: until I see you again. I remain your affectionate husband,
JOHN MACHENERY.
To Mrs. Machenery, 
               
                  Neptune 
                  Hotel
               



            , Liverpool.(No. 2) London, 8th January, 1828.
DEAR WIFE, - I take the opportunity of writing these few lines to you, hoping to find you in good health, thanks be to God, which leaves me at present; I am about getting a good situation, and will save all the money up, and will be able to make it up again please God; dear wife, when I was down in Scotland I had the scarlet fever, and I had like to die; but now, thank God, I am quite well - I hope you will forgive me, and if you should like to leave, you will come up to me, or else to go live with my friends; I am very sorry that I left, but if you would keep your situation I would write to you every three weeks or a month regularly - I hope your master and family are in good health, likewise John and family - if you will send me an answer I will write, and you would get a situation in London; a gentleman I lived with in London had 30l. of mine, and put it in the savings-bank, and I put 8s. a week with it - send me an answer by return of post as soon as possible; no more at present from your well wisher, JOHN MACHENERY.
Direct No. 94, Cheapside, London. - Please God, I will make you happy for the time past. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MACHENERY
               



            .
H. Machenery, Neptune Hotel, Clayton-square, Liverpool.
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Whitridge has known me nearly five years - the first place I was at in London was at his brother-in-law's, and then he took me into his service for four years; if his books were produced "
               
                  John 
                  Lillis
               



            ," my signature is in it, which is my name.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
