




566. 




MARK HARRIS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
28th of January, 4 pairs of trowsers, value 3l. 14s.; 1 coat, value 2l.; 1 pair of boots, value 16s.; 3 pairs of shoes, value 13s.; 9 handkerchiefs, value 1l. 15s.; 5 waistcoats, value 1l. 15s.; 7 shirts, value 1l.; 24 pairs of socks, value 1l.; 6 brushes, value 6s.; I printed book, value 8s.; 30 cards, value 6d.; and 1 portmanteau, value 15s.; the goods of 



Samuel Cornish Walker.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



Michael Jerdein and others.






THOMAS ALLUM
. I am in the service of the Parcels Delivery Company—Mr. Michael Jerdein is one of the head proprietors, there are several others. I had the care of one of their carts on the 28th of January—I was the driver—I had a parcel to deliver at No. 12, Jamaica-terrace—I stopped at No. 37, Fenchurch-street, to deliver a parcel, and while I was doing so, I saw the prisoner at the hind part of my cart—he took a portmanteau from the roof of the cart, threw it on his shoulder, and carried it off—I could not leave the cart immediately, but I followed him in two or three minutes—I came up with him, and knocked the portmanteau off his shoulder, and asked him where he got it from—he said, "Pray, let me go, don't hurt me?"—this is the portmanteau—(looking at one,)

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is there not a conductor to each cart? A. Yes—the conductor was a boy, named Mitchell—foe was in Lime-street at that time—he did not see anything of it—I had not left the cart—I was stopping at the door, where I had taken a parcel into the shop, and was coming away—I was about two yards from the cart—he had got on to Leaden hall-street, which is two hundred yards or more, when I stopped him—I kept him till the policeman came—he said a man gave it him to carry from Gracechurch-street to Houndsditch, and he was to have 6d.—I was standing, looking at him, when he took it from the cart, but I did not give an alarm, as I should have lost him—I should have had to make the parcel good.





SAMUEL CORNISH WALKER
. I sent my portmanteau by the Parcels Delivery Company—this is it—(looking at it)—it contains the articles stated, which are mine—it has my direction on it in my own writing.
(Solomon Hyams, a fishmonger, of Middlesex-street, Whitechapel; and John Moseley, a confectioner, of Goodman's-yard; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
