



582. 




JOHN HARDING
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of January, 20lbs. weight of rope, value 5s., the goods of 



Walter Frederick Wingrove, in a certain barge in a port of entry and discharge.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES CHRISTOPHER EVANS
. I am one of the Thames-police Surveyors. I know Mr. Lewis, the dock-master, of the Regent's Canal Company—I got information from him that induced me and Fogg to go, on the 15th of January, to the Regent's Canal Basin—about seven o'clock I concealed myself with Fogg in a little box—there is a jetty there, and barges lying under it—in about twenty minutes I saw a man go from the jetty to a barge—in a few minutes the same man came from a barge to the jetty—I heard him hauling something like a rope; and he went across the jetty—he then ran towards the gate—we ran out of the box towards him, and he threw the rope from his shoulder—I ran to the gate, and caught his foot, but he kicked it out of my hand—I ogot ver, and pursued him to White Horse-street, Stepney—I did not lose sight of him—when I got there he ran into a public-house—I was gaining on him—I ran in ran past the taproom door to the bar, and was just asking the landlord where that man was, when he ran out of the tap-room into the street—I ran, and took him—I said, "I have got you at last"—he said, "Well, I won't run away"—

he was so out of breath he could hardly speak—it was the prisoner—I quite sure he is the man.





JAMES FOGO
. I am an officer of the Thames police. I accompanied the last witness, and have heard what he has stated—it is true—I secured the rope which the prisoner dropped, and compared it with the remaining headfast that was there—it corresponded exactly—I knew the prisoner before—I knew him when I saw him there.





JAMES JONES
. I am lighterman to Mr. Walter Frederick Wingrove. This rope is a headfast—I believe it to be my master's property—I saw it on Saturday, and it was lost on Monday evening—I saw it on Tuesday morning at the Dock-office, and could swear to it.





JOHN GREEN
. I am a lighterman in the service of Mr. Walter Frederick Wingrove—his wharf is in the Regent's Canal Basin. I know this rope is his.





JAMES FOGG

re-examined. The Regent's Canal Basin is a port of entry and discharge.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.
