





1084. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HUGHES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of March
, 1 bag, value 6d., and 19s. 10d. in copper money
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Clay
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Tucker
                  



               
            .
GEORGE TUCKER. I am carman
 to William Clay, saltmerchant
, of Lower Thames-street. On the 4th of March, about five o'clock, I received four 5s. papers of copper from the soup-house in Brick-lane, and put them into a bag on a board, at the top of my cart - I rode in front; the cart was empty; I observed the prisoner following the cart, and kept looking behind now and then - he must have got into the cart to take it, and in Old-street


 I saw him in the cart; I came round, and called out,"Oh, you thief! you are there" - he had then got the bag of copper in his arms; he jumped out; I called Stop thief! he was stopped before I lost sight of him - he dropped the bag in the bed of the cart - I am sure he moved it from where I had placed it.


                  EDWARD 
                  HARDY
               



            . I am a weaver, and live at Hoxton. I saw Tucker riding in front of his cart, and when he called out I saw the prisoner in front of the cart, with the money in his arms - he jumped out, leaving it behind.


                  HENRY 
                  JAMES LARDNER
               



            . I am a gun-maker. I was in Old-street-road, and secured the prisoner.


                  GEORGE 
                  KEMP
               



            . I am a Policeman. I received him in charge - the bag contains 19s. 11d. in copper.


                  JAMES 
                  GLIBBERY
               



            . I am a sergeant of Police. When the prisoner was brought to the station, he said distress caused him to do it, and if he got through this he would not he in trouble again.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
