





Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
1771. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BLACKERBY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of March
, 1 weather-glass, value 20s.; 2 brushes, value 1s.; 2 gowns, value 1s.; 1 piece of carpeting, value 1s.; 1 Bible, value 10s.; 1 coat, value 3s.; 1 chest of drawers, value 1l.; 3 pairs of sheets, value 10s.; 3 spoons, value 6s.; 1 bed, value 3l.; 1 counterpane, value 6s.; 10 lbs. of starch, value 13s.; 40 gallons of varnish, value 22s.; 1 writing-desk, value 10s., and a variety of other goods, the goods of 
                     
                        William Dalton 
                        Gibbs
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DALTON GIBBS
               



            . In March last I lived in Kendal-mews. I took a shop and parlour in Duke-street, Lisson-grove


, and sent my furniture there on the 23rd of March, but did not sleep there till the night after the robbery, nor did any of my family; there were lodgers in other parts of the house. Plummer, who lived next door to me, volunteered to go with the van which Summerfield drove; I was not present when it was loaded - I do not know where Plummer is - I was in a situation at that time; I went home on the morning of the 24th, in consequence of information - my wife having gone with the rest of the things, I went to Plummer's to breakfast, and then went to Duke-street -I then went with my wife and Warren, the officer, to the prisoner's house in Middlesex-mews; I there found a weather-glass behind a table, two brushes in a box, and a coat which I have now on - I did not know the prisoner.


                  JANE 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I was present, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, on the 23rd of March, when the van was loaded to take some things to Duke-street - I saw a bed and mattress, a chest of drawers full of linen, two wooden chests, a quantity of varnishes in carboys, and three bundles of clothes - my husband's coat was in one chest; Summerfield drove the van - Plummer went with him; he offered to go of his own accord - he kept a beer-shop next door to us: I do not know where he is now - I went myself about ten minutes after the van left - I got to Duke-street, and found the house-door fastened; the van was not there - I looked through the key-hole, and saw a carboy there; I came home, and got the key of the parlour from Plummer; I went again between eight and nine o'clock the next morning, with another load of goods; another man drove that van - Plummer went with me; he took the key from me, and when I went in there was nothing left but an empty carboy and can; I received information, and went to find out the prisoner's place; as I stood in Mitcham-street I saw some of my things coming out of a stable in Middlesex mews; a woman and a boy were bringing them out -I saw a man in a cart which had some of my goods in it; I cannot say whether it was the prisoner - there was a mattress in the cart, a table, a chest, and a fender - they were part of the things which had been in the van; I have heard the stable belonged to the prisoner - the things were in the cart when I got there; I left it there, and went for assistance - I returned with Lock, the Policeman, and the cart was gone; we went in search of it - I missed Lock, and then met Harrison; we came down to the stable, and knocked at the door; some children looked out of window, and refused to open it - we got in, and found a bundle inside, tied in a shawl; it contained linen, mere rags, pieces of my own, which I can swear to - I found some of my children's clothes up stairs in a chest - here they are, and this weather-glass is ours; all these things were in the van which I sent on the 23rd of March.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.What was Plummer? A. He kept a beer shop - he is not related to us, but was rather intimate with my husband; he appeared respectable - we had only lived there three months; he has absconded.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERFIELD
               



            . I drove the van on the 23rd of March, and deposited all the goods in a shop and parlour in Duke-street - three men went with me, and while I was doing up my cords the door was shut, and we all came away together.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it not clear day-light? A. It was.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am a Policeman. I went with Mrs. Gibbs to Middlesex-mews - two children answered us from the window; I got in, and in the stable found a shawl, with things tied in it - I went up stairs, and in a room, under the bed, found a carpet, and in a box some children's clothes and two brushes; in a basket under the bed eight books - in the next room I found the weatherglass behind the table, and two gowns; Mr. and Mrs. Gibbs claimed the things - I do not know whose house it was; nobody was there but the children - I do not know the prisoner.


                  MARY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live in Bone's-mews, Richmond-street, and have known the prisoner thirteen years. In March last he lived in Middlesex-mews; he had a stable and rooms above it - he is married, and has three children. On the 24th of March, about ten o'clock in the morning, he drove a horse and cart into our mews - he came up, and asked me if we had an empty stable; I told him No, and asked what he wanted it for - he told me to get up and see, and when I went to the window I saw a mattress and furniture in his cart, and said I thought he had better bring them up stairs, which he did - I asked where his wife was- he said at home; I said, "What, in an empty room?" he said, "No, they are not my things, but we are boundto assist each other;" he went away with his horse and cart, leaving the things in my room, and never came for them; Webster took them away three or four days after.
Cross-examined. Q.You was well acquainted with him? A. Yes, for some years - we had often been to his house; I know the cart was his own - I never knew him employ his cart to move goods; his name is on it - it was snowing at the time; I said, as it snowed he had better bring them in; we were at breakfast, and he took a cup; the goods were not covered. I live about a mile from Duke-street.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I have known the prisoner for seven years - he lived in Middlesex-mews, and was a dealer in marine-stores; I went to Smith's about a fortnight after the robbery, and found a quantity of goods; I had them in my possession nearly two months - most of them are here; here is the Family Bible and a writing-desk; I looked for the prisoner from the 24th of March - I made every endeavour to apprehend him, day and night, and could not find him till the 26th of July, when I found him in the Bartholomew Arms new beer-shop, Long-lane; I said, "Well, Jem, I suppose you are aware what I want you for;" he said, "I don't know much about it;" I told him it was for Gibbs' robbery, in Duke-street, and he must go with me - he said, "Very well," and as we came along he said he knew nothing about it, only he was employed to move the goods - he said he had come that morning from Portsmouth, by the coach, with a person whom I knew.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say something, in consequence of which you went to look for a person? A. He did - I have searched Plummer's house, and cannot find him; I did not know him - the prisoner pointed out a place to me at Battle-bridge, where he said two loads of the goods were deposited; I found none of them.
MR. GIBBS. I can swear to this writing-desk and Bible.


                  MARY 
                  SMITH
               



            . That desk was in the cart.
THOMAS HARRISON. I went to Middlesex-mews; the room up stairs appeared like an old iron-shop - there were scales and weights, and different old iron about.
Prisoner's Defence. I had left off dealing in marinestores six or eight months, and kept a horse and cart to move goods; the scales were to weigh goods which I buy-Plummer and his friend came and asked me to move the goods; I was engaged, and said it was not convenient, but he pressed me, and I went.


                  DAVID 
                  JENKINS
               



            . I am a Policeman. I do not know Plummer - I recollect seeing some goods coming out of a cart or van in Upper Edward-street, Battle-bridge, about the end of March, and I asked when they were going to open the beer-shop, as I had noticed some new pots go into the house - I cannot say whether the prisoner was with the cart.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I believe that is the street he took me to.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not in a dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
