



497. 




MARY ANN HUDSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
28th of December, 3 yards of linen cloth, value 3s.; 1 shirt, value 10s.; 1 tablecloth, value 12s.; 1 sheet, value 7s.; and 1 bed-gown, value 5s.; the goods of 



Thomas Beswick, her master; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






PARTHENEA BESWICK
. I am the wife of Thomas Beswick, who keeps the Green Dragon, at Stepney. The prisoner was two months in my service, as cook—she went out about Christmas, with my leave—she staid out all night—I dismissed her the next day—I soon afterwards missed the property stated, and went to seek for her—I could not find her where she said she lived; but I found a young man that visited her—he begged me very hard to wait till the next day; and said he should see her—I gave him till the next day, and then he had got some things to my son's; but he would not give up where the prisoner was—I gave him in charge—he then gave her up—I found her at Hampstead—here is a sheet, a shirt, a bed-gown, &c.—the young man proves to be her husband—I did not know it before he brought these things to my son-in-law's.





THOMAS KILBY
. I am a constable. I was sent for about one o'clock, on the 15th of January, to Mr. Walter's, he told me a man had brought some things, which the prisoner had taken from Mr. Beswick—I told the man into custody, and took the property, which I found on the bar, at Mr. Walter's house, on Fish-street-hill—I got information, and took the prisoner into custody afterward—I told her she was charged with stealing some things from Mr. Beswick's—she said she bad, but she had sent back the whole of the property she had taken.





THOMAS WALTER
. I keep a public-house. The prisoner's husband brought this property to my house—I gave it to the officer—I went with him, and took the prisoner into custody—the man was then discharged.





OWEN JONES
. I live at No. 1. York-street, New Kent road. I have known the prisoner about two years—she came to me the day she brought this parcel, and knowing I was out of work, she asked me to bring it to Monument-yard, to her husband, which I did—I gave it to her husband—I believe he took it to Mr. Walters.





WILLIAM WARDELL PLAISTOWE
. I am constable of Aldgate Ward. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office (read)—the prisoner is the person.

Prisoner's Defence. I was very short of money—I took the things, and pledged them—I intended when she paid me my wages to get them back—she called on my husband, and said I would bring them back she

would forgive me—he told me if I would tell him the truth she would forgive me—I got them out, and sent them to her son's—nobody is guilty but myself.




GUILTY
. Aged 39.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
