







609. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     TURNER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WIGGINS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NEALE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of February
, 13 pairs of shoes, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Borsley
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  WARRY
               



            . I am foreman to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Borsley
               



            , a boot and shoe maker
, in Sloane-street, Chelsea


 - the prisoner Turner was three weeks in his service. On the 15 th of February I examined a part of the stock, but not this part - I have since seen these shoes; they are worth 5s. a pair; I had left Turner alone in the shop the night before they were taken.
Neale. When he took the shoes off my feet, he said they had been worn, and he could not swear to the private marks - I had them of my uncle, and made him a waistcoat for them. Witness. I saw a pair on his feet, but I spoke most unequivocally to them - I had not sold such a pair while Turner was in the service; I had before, but I am certain that pair had not been sold - by their general appearance, and a mark inside.


                  ROBERT 
                  GOOSE
               



             (Police-constable B 55). I was on duty in Jew's-row on the night of the 15th of February; I saw Wiggins and Turner - I knew Wiggins; I followed them to George-street, which is a dark street, and then I heard Turner say "I can't," and Wiggins said, "You can if you like" - they parted; I saw Wiggins go into a public-house in Sloane-square - I got a man to go in and tell the landlord to come out and speak to me; the bar-man came out to me, and I spoke to him - I then pushed up the shutter and saw Wiggins and Neale there - and while I was there Turner came in and joined them; I got another officer to go in and ask them where they came from - Neale said he lived in the London-road; I then stepped up, and took Wiggins - I said to him, "I know you to be a reputed thief;" I unbuttoned his trousers, and found two pairs of new shoes, and on Turner I found two duplicates of two new pairs - I found nothing on Neale; I went to the prosecutor - he sent the shopman with me to the cell where Neale and Wiggins were; the shopman said he could swear to the shoes on Neale's feet, but of those on Wiggins he had a doubt - they utterly denied knowing Turner, but the publican said that they had all been to his house for a fortnight; I found some money on Turner, and the next day I found five pairs of shoes which had been pawned at one shop, and four pairs at another.


                  JOHN 
                  LEPTROP
               



             FINLEY, I am apprentice to a pawnbroker. I have four pairs of shoes, which were pawned on the 6th, 7th, 11th, and 15th of February, by Turner.
Turner. Q. What do you know me by? Witness. A. By your countenence and dress.


                  JOHN 
                  BRYANT
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker. I have five pairs of shoes pawned by Turner - I can swear to him by his countenance.


                  RICHARD 
                  WOOD
               



            . I keep the Star and Garter in Sloane-square. I had seen the three prisoners coming to my house for the last ten days before they were taken, and on that Friday night they came in - I said to a person who kept the house before me, "I wish you would look after these men;" he went out and told the Policeman.
Turner. I bought the duplicates, in Sloane-street, of a man who said he was in great distress, and if I would give him 2s. for them he would be obliged.


                  JOHN 
                  BRYANT
               



             re-examined. I bought this pair of shoes of Turner for my own wear, on the 14th, when he pawned another pair for 3s.; I gave him 3s. 6d. for these.
Wiggins. A. man came into the Star, who was hawking shoes about - I bought these two pairs of him for 13s. and the pair I had on my feet my aunt sent me.
Neale. I went to the house, called for a pint of beer, and sat by the side of Wiggins.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WARRY
               



             re-examined. Q. Can you prove that the shoes found on Neale or Wiggins had been in your shop that day? A. No,
ROBERT GOOSE re-examined. I lost sight of Turner after he said he could not do it; then Wiggins and Neale were waiting for him at the public-house, but he had joined them before, about fifty yards from the prosecutor's shop.
Neale. He did not see me in company with Turner - I was sitting in the public-house when Wiggins came in.
TURNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
WIGGINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
NEALE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
