



1073. 




ELLEN DONOVAN
 was indicted

for feloniously uttering a counterfeit half-crown, she having been previously convicted at a common utterer of counterfeit coin (
read).

HON. MR. SCARLETT
and
MR. ELLIS
conducted the Prosecution.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant to the Solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Ellen Donovan—I have examined it—it is a true copy. (read)





JOHN FISHWICK SUMMERSELL
. I am turnkey of the House of Correction—I was at the prisoner's trial, in June, 1834—she was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, and was confined that time—she was sentenced woman I saw tried and convicted.





HENRY ANDREWS
. I am a butcher, and live in Oxford-street. On the 14th of February, between one and two o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to my shop, and asked what my beef-steak was a pound—I said, seven-pence—she told me to cut her a pound, which I did—she gave me a crown, and I gave her 4s. 5d. change—I put the crown into

my bowl—there was no other crown there—I went to it again in two minutes, and saw it was bad—I put it into the till of my desk—my wife had access to it, and no other person—I saw the prisoner again that day fortnight—she came and asked for half a pound of beef-steaks, at seven-pence, for which she gave me a half-crown—I knew her as the person who had given me the crown—I observed the half-crown—I saw it was bad, and as she opened her hand, I saw she had another half-crown in it and some halfpence—I said, "This is a bad half-crown, and you know it"—she said she did not—I said, "You were here with a bad crown a fortnight ago—she said I was a liar, she had never been in the shop—I gave her into custody, and gave the crown and the half-crown to the officer.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did not your wife, in your presence, say she was not the person? A. No; she said she could not tell whether she was or not, but my servant would have sworn to her if necessary—I knew her by her face—she had on the same cloak—I did not say at the office that I swore to her by her cloak—my servant said she had the same cloak on, but not the same bonnet, or if she had, she had changed her ribbons—I am certain she is the person—I could have picked her out in any crowd.





SARAH ANDREWS
. I am the prosecutor's wife. On the 14th of February, the prisoner came for a pound of beef-steaks—I was not there when she gave the crown-piece—I saw it—my husband put it into the desk—I had access to the desk, but I did not take the crown out.

Cross-examined. Q. Does any one go to it but you and your husband? A. No—my husband called me to know if the prisoner was the person who gave the crown—I said, I believed she was, but I could not swear to her—I saw her but for a minute.





MICHAEL FOX
 (police-constable C 117.) I was on duty on the 28th, and was called to take the prisoner—I have the two pieces of counterfeit coin—the prisoner was asked her place of residence—she said, "Any where"—the other half-crown which she had in her hand was missing when we got to the station-house.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know these are the two pieces you received from the prosecutor? A. I have had them ever since locked up in a box.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint. These are both counterfeit.

Prisoner's Defence. When I took the half-crown, he sounded it several times, and said he was no judge of money, for he had taken a bad crown that day fortnight—I said it was a bad job—he then said, "I really believe you are the girl—you gave me the bad crown;" and he called his wife, who said, I was not the person—he then called his servant, who said I was the person, for she knew me by my cloak.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
