






Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
469. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of December
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watch-key, value 1d., and 1 book, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cronk
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN CRONK. I am a broker
, and live in Bartholomew-close. On the 19th of December, between eight and nine o'clock, I went to Whitecross-street, and in turning into Beech-street, to go home, I saw several girls; the prisoners were among them - they took hold of my arms, one on each side; I was not quite sober, but had all my faculties about me - they said I should walk with them; I said I had no money to treat them - they said that made no difference; I had my watch and pocket book with me, and I am quite sure they were safe when they took hold of me- I had felt them just before; they took me to Golden-lane, and then to Blue Anchor-alley


, when they tried to drag me up a dark alley; I became frightened, as I thought they were going to get me burked - I struggled to get away; they scuffled with me, and took my watch and my pocket-book - I did not feel them taken, but I missed them, and accused them of it; Smith ran away immediately - I took hold of Roberts; I sent for an officer, and gave Roberts in charge - I described Smith, and she was taken.


                  ROWLAND 
                  SWAN
               



            . I am a serjeant of Police. A boy came for me; I saw the prosecutor, who said he had been robbed of his watch and pocket-book - I took charge of Roberts, and found Smith in King's-court, about thirty or forty yards off; she had run into a house - I went up two pairs of stairs, at No. 6, and found her sitting by the fire; I found the watch in the court close by the door she ran into.


                  HENRY 
                  COLEY
               



            . I am a Policeman. The two prisoners were brought to the station-house, and put into the cell; I heard Roberts ask Smith what sort of a plant she had made - Smith said an excellent good one, that she had run up the court, planted the watch under the balustrades, and covered it over with dirt - the book she have in the house, then run up stairs, and asked the woman whether she took in caps to wash, and said there was something lost in the court - that she ran in for fear of being taken, and threw her bonnet off, that she might appear as if she lived there.
Smith. The Magistrate asked him how he could swear to my voice, when there were others in the cell. Witness. There was no one in when they were talking.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live in King's-court. I heard a disturbance, and went down stairs; I kicked against this book, and took it to my father, who took it to the station - Smith had passed the place.


                  ANN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I live in King's-court - my husband is a butcher. On the night the watch was stolen Smith rushed into my room, which is up two pairs of stairs - she was quite a stranger; she said, "Mistress, for God's sake, don't say any thing - there is something lost, and I am afraid I shall be taken up;" I went down stairs, and left her standing in the room - I went up just afterwards, with the Policeman, and saw her sitting by the fire, with her bonnet off.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Roberts' Defence. I met this young woman - she asked me to go to a person who used to wash caps for her; we went on, and met this gentleman - he asked if we would take him home; he said he had no money, but he wouldsee where we lived, and call another day - Smith then went up the court; he took hold of me, and said I had robbed him.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
ROBERTS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
