





1730. 




WILLIAM STUART,


 GEORGE MIDDLETON
. and 




SUSAN YOUNG



were indicted for stealing, on the 
13th of May, 7 chairs value 2l.; 2 beds, value 2l.; 1 bedstead, value If.; 1 table-cover, value 2s.; I carpet, value 1l. 5s. 4 tables, value 1l. 10s.; and 1 set of bed-furniture, value 6s.; the goods of 



Martha Goldsmith.


MR. PAYNE. conducted the Prosecution.






MARTHA GOLDSMITH
. I did live in the Lower Road, Islington, but have removed to Duke-street, Smithfield. I let a house in Frith-street, Black-friars, to Young, in the beginning of May, 1838—the articles stated in the indictment were in the house—the value was about 14l.—I have seen some of the property since, in King's Head-court, Shoe-lane—I let the furniture with the house—she had no authority from me to dispose of it or move it—I went, on the morning of the 13th of May, to the house, and found all the furniture gone but a stove and a bedstead.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Are yon married? A. No—I can swear to the property—she was living there up to the time, and for a little better than twelve months.





WILLIAM HUMPHREYS
. (police-constable M. 27.) Between five and six o'clock, on the morning of the 13th of May, I was on duty in Frith-street—I saw the three prisoners at No. 14, moving goods—there were other persons inside—the prisoners were removing the goods out of the house, and putting them on a cart—all the prisoners were together—Stuart brought up the cart to the house, and Middleton was in the house, and placed the goods on the cart—I went with the prosecutor to King's Head-court, and Middleton was coming down stairs, and the other two prisoners were in the room with the furniture—I found fifty-two duplicates in a box in the room—only one relates to the property, which is a table cover.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not see other persons there? A. There were other persons there, about half a dozen—I was in my uniform.





JOHN BROWN
. I am a carman. On the evening before the 13th of May, Stuart hired me to come on the Monday morning—I moved the goods from Frith-street—I got there about a quarter past five o'clock in the morning—the prisoners all assisted to load the cart—they all went with me to Shoe-lane.





HENRY DEMPSTER
. I am a pawnbroker, in Blackfriars-road. I have a table cover and bed furniture pledged at my house, by the servant of Young.

JANE.—. I pledged the table cover by desire of Susan Young—I have lived with her five weeks—Stuart lived with her.

Middleton's Defence. I was employed by Young to remove the things, and she offered to pay me.

STUART.—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

YOUNG.—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined Six Months.

MIDDLETON.—


NOT GUILTY
.
