



2347. 




WILLIAM DAVIDSON
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.






ARCHIBALD MICHIE
. I am a baker, and live in Edward-street, Portman-square. The prisoner has been in my employ since June last—I

found him in the shop when I took it—I discharged him on the 13th of July, giving him a week's wages—I afterwards had reason to suspect him, and gave information to the police—on the 25th of July he had cone to my house with another person, and I showed him some bills, among them one of Mr. Arnand and one of Mr. Tibbey—he said, "I have received the money and not accounted for it; I have done wrong"—he offered to pay me at the rate of 5s. a week, ifl would not prosecute, which I refused—I told him if he would call on the Monday I should know to what extent I had been robbed, as I should go round to the customers myself, and then I would talk to him—he called on Monday, and offered to pay me 10s. when I immediately gave him in charge.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. He went round to the customers with your son after you had discharged him? A. Yes, as some of them had moved—he did not say that he was very sorry he had done it, but he had been in debt, and intended to pay me—he gave meno reason.





SOPHIA ELIZABETH ARNAND
. My husband is a musical-instrument maker. I deal with Mr. Michie for bread—I paid the prisoner 10s. in part of the bill, the latter end of June or the beginning of July—he did not ask me for it—he came on the following week, and as the 10s. was not acknowledged in the next bill, I mentioned it, or my girl did, in his presence—he said it was a mistake—I paid him on the following day 10s. more, and he gave me a receipt for the two 10s.—I saw him the next week, and as it was not deducted from the bill, I sent the bill to the prosecutor.





HENRIETTA TIBBEY
. My husband deals with Mr. Michie for bread. On the 15th of July I paid the prisoner 4s. 6d. in part of 1l. 10s. 7d.

Cross-examined. Q. He regularly made an entry upon the bill of your having paid it? A. Yes.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.
