




372. 




WILLIAM MERRIMAN
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 2nd of January, 17lbs. of mutton, value 9s.; and 40lbs. weight of fat, value 13s.; the goods of 



Edward Spreckley, his master; and 




FRANCIS JENNER



 feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen.






EDWARD SPRECKLEY
. I am a butcher, and live in Albemarle-street. The prisoner Merriman was in my employ for three weeks, and he lived with me before—in consequence of information which I received, before the 2nd of January, I applied at the station-house for some policeman to watch my premises—some mutton and meat was produced to me, at the station-house, on the 2nd January—I am sure it is my property, because I know the fat—I had missed a shoulder of mutton and a neck from the shop, and some suet and fat—I know nothing of Jenner—I had seen the property safe the afternoon before—I knew the suet by its coming out of a particular bullock—it is very rich—we were obliged to put it to go away as fat, and the mutton we know—it is scored in a particular way.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you find any mutton in Jenner's house? A. We found 32lbs. of fat, but I could not swear to its being mine—I found 40 1/2 lbs. of my fat at the station-house—that was different from the 32lbs.—the fat was in a bad state—I asked the magistrate if I should take it to the tallow-chandler's—that was what we found in his house, and the tallow-chandler has the money for him when it is applied for—the shoulder of mutton is here—I can identify that.





JOHN LINSDALE BEASTALL
. I am an apprentice to Mr. Spreckley. On Friday morning, the 2nd of January, I and the prisoner Merriman were in my master's shop from ten minutes before six o'clock to about ten minutes after—we were left alone in the shop—Merriman asked me if I was going to have any coffee—I said I did not know—he came to me and said, "I will toss you for some"—I tossed, and won two cups of coffee, which was 3d.—he gave me a shilling to go and get it and pay for it—he told me to have mine at the coffee-shop and to pay for his—I went out to the coffee-shop by the Arcade in Piccadilly, and had some coffee—I returned to the shop in about five minutes, and saw him altering some shoulders of mutton, changing the places where I had hung them—I said, "What are you changing them for?"—he made no reply, and went out—he came back in about five minutes, and in about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes, a person named Stone called, and in consequence of what he said to me, I examined the mutton and missed a shoulder—it had hung up in the part where he was altering them—I had hung it up myself—I saw that shoulder of mutton at Marl borough-street—I knew it by a mark on it—it is in Court—it was in its proper place in the shop when I tossed for

the coffee, and when I went out—it must have been removed in the five minutes I was absent; and he was hanging up more fresh ones with the others when I returned.

Merriman. The shoulder of mutton, you say was missing, was sold over-night. Witness. It was not—I hung up eight in the morning, and I found only seven.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When you came home, Merriman was doing something with the mutton, and left the shop? A. Yes; he went to have his coffee—I did not notice whether he took any thing with him—I know the mutton by having cut it off myself—it is cut as butchers generally cut it—I know it by the score—butchers do not all score them that way—very few of them do—I don't know any body that scores them as I do—it was scored when it was on the sheep—we cut it when the sheep is warm, in order to make it appear fatter than it really is—here is a neck which I can also speak to—it is one of Mr. Perkins's Southdown sheep—this neck is my scoring, and was in the shop the night before—butchers all score them on the loin, neck, and down the shoulder.

COURT. Q. Have you any doubt of it being the mark you made? A. I have not a doubt of it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was the shoulder cut from this neck? A. No; it is not—it belongs to the other side—Merriman helps me to kill sheep, but I dress them always—I never saw Jenner.





GEORGE STONE
 (police-constable C 99.) In consequence of information I received, I watched the shop of Mr. Spreckley on the 2nd of January, in the morning, and a little before six o'clock I saw the shop door open, and two men come out—in a few minutes afterwards those two men came back with a cart—while the cart stood at the door, I saw Jenner come down Albemarle-street with a basket under his arm—he crossed over Piccadilly and went towards the Green-park—he came back again and went up Albemarle-streetagain, and looked into the shop-door—the cart was gone away then—he went half-way up the street, crossed over, and stood there for ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, then went back to the shop and stood at the corner of Piccadilly—I went past him, and saw the basket was empty, except a cloth—he walked past the shop, stood there a few minutes, and while he was there I saw a boy come out of the shop—directly the boy got into Piccadilly, the prisoner Jenner ran across the road into the shop with the basket under his arm—he came out without it and went towards Piccadilly—while he went towards Piccadilly, I saw Merriman come out at the shop door, and look up and down the street—he then went into the shop, and came out with the basket full, and a cloth over it—he placed it on the step of the next door, and went to the shop door again—Jenner ran over to the shop door, and had some conversation with him—then Merriman went inside the shop, and Jenner went and took the basket from the door.

Q. Jenner never left the street? A. He stood at the corner of the street, and when the basket was brought out of the shop, he was at the corner of the street—I followed, and stopped him in Albemarle-street, near Grafton-street—I asked him what he had got in the basket—he said, "Meat"—I asked him where he got it—he said he bought it at Newport market; and that he had just come from there—I said he had been and bought it very quick, for I had seen him a few minutes ago in the street with such a basket—he said that I certainly had not—I then told him I saw the butcher bring it out and lay it on the step, and he went and took it away—he said it was quite

false—I took him to the station-house, and found it was a shoulder of mutton and a neck, and 42lbs. of suet-fat—I afterwards showed it to the prosecutor—I returned to the shop, and called the boy out—I asked Merriman who the man was who had come in there with a basket—he said no man had been there with a basket; only one man had been in, and he had half a pound of steak—I told him what I had seen—he said the man gave him 6d. for the steak, but he had not change, and he went out and got it, and gave him 3 1/2 d.—he afterwards said a man did bring a basket in, but he had forgotten it; he thought the man would call for it again, and he put it on the step for him to take away—I found 13s. on Merriman—Jenner is a hawking butcher, I understand—Jenner said he lived at No. 37, Exeter-street, Lisson-grove, and there I found some fat.

MERRIMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

JENNER—


NOT GUILTY
.
(See Third Day, New Court.)
