





41. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MAPP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, 1 cash-box, value 2s.; 6 sovereigns; 8 half-sovereigns; 1 crown; 18 half-crowns; 9 shillings; 2 sixpences; 1 £100, 2 £50, 1 £20, and 23 £10, bank notes; 1 £30, 1 £10, 1 £4 10s., promissory notes, and 2 bills of exchange, for £56 10s. 6d., and £40 10s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Durley
                        




                     
                  , his master
            , against the statue.


                  SUSAN 
                  STANMERS
               



            . I am in the service of the prosecutor, he lives at No. 84, Well-street, Oxford-street


; he is a cabinet-maker
; the prisoner was his porter
, for more than three years; it was his duty to shut up shop - on the 24th of October, he came about ten minutes past nine o'clock to close the shutters of the front shop; I asked him to take me up a pitcher of water to the second floor front room, which he did; he then came down wished us a good night, and we heard the door open and shut - soon afterwards there came a ring at the bell, we went up and heard a noise up stairs; I went up stairs to the second floor front room, but no one was there; I came out and the door was shut too - I screamed out - my mistress came up- we went into the room, and found the secretary broken open, and a cash-box was gone - I ran out, and met my master, and told him what had happened; he came home, and found the prisoner in the house.


                  JOHN 
                  DURLEY
               



            . I live in the house. The last witness met me and told me what had happened; I went to the second floor, and found the secretary broken open, and the cash-box gone; I went down to the first floor; I then found two policemen, one of them on the floor with his hand under the bed; he said, "I have got the thief;" he dragged the prisoner out, and I exclaimed, "Good God! it is William;" the prisoner said, "Yes it is;" he was carried into the next room, and I said to him, "Where is the cash-box; he said, "Don't be in a hurry, don't be alarmed it is in the house;" I said, "Where it is;" and the policeman said, "If you don't like to say where it is, point," and he pointed under a chair; the policeman stooped and took up this box, and gave it me; I opened it and found the cash all safe, and the notes.


                  HENRY 
                  ROBINSON
               



             (police-constable E 46). I was sent for to the prosecutors, and what has been stated is correct; I found the prisoner under the bed in the back-room first-floor; this is the box.


                  JAMES 
                  MILLAR
               



             (police-serjeant E 3). I was sent for; I told the prisoner to point where the box was; he pointed to a chair where it was; I found this chisel on the prisoner, and it exactly fits four marks on the secretary.
Prisoner's Defence. I hope you will take my case into your consideration, as my contrition will be as sincere, as my sentence is lenient.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Fourteen years
            .
