






536. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, 1 hat-box, value 2d.; 1 hat, value 27s.; 5 half-crowns, and 1 sixpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Fisher
                  




               
            .
JOHN STENNARD. I am errand-boy to Mr. Fisher, a hatter
, of Regent-street. On the evening in question, between five and six o'clock, the prisoner came and ordered a hat to be sent to No. 3, York-buildings, New-road


, in the name of Mr. Booth - it came to 27s.; in about a quarter of an hour my master sent me with it; it was to be paid for in ready money - I took five half-crowns and a sixpence to give change; when I got to No. 3, York-buildings the prisoner was at the door, and asked if I came from Mr. Fisher - I said Yes; he asked if I had change -I said Yes; he told me to give him the hat and the change which I did; he asked if I had a receipt - I said Yes, and I gave him that - he then told me to go and order a pint of ale; I went, and when I got back he was gone - I went to the house, and asked if they knew a Mr. Booth; they said they knew no such person - I went down to the Paddington coach-stand, and asked the people there, and a man told me he had seen a person get into a coach with a box; we opened the door, and the prisoner jumped out at the other door and ran away, but he was pursued and taken.
THOMAS LAWSON. This boy came up to me, and said he wanted a man with a hat-box; the coachman tapped me on the shoulder, and said, "Why, I have a person in my coach with a box;" I opened the door - the prisoner ran out, and was stopped at the corner of Baker-street.
JOHN DAVIS. I am a watchman., and was at Clarencegate; I received charge of the prisoner from a soldier, who had stopped him; he said he had done nothing, and begged me to let go of his collar, as I should spoil the collar of his coat; this lad came up, I went with him to the coach, and saw the box taken out of the coach; I found five half-crowns, a sixpence, and a cigar-tube on the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I got into the coach at the Yorkshire Stingo, and the box was in it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
