




2223. 




JOHN HAMILTON
 and 



HENRY KNIGHT
 were indicted for

feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Revell, on the 
25th of August, at 
St. Mary, Newington, and stealing therein 2 pieces, containing 12 yards, of lawn, value 1l. 9s., his goods.






CHARLES OUTHWAITE
. I am shopman to George Revell, who occupies a house in the parish of St. Mary, Newington, in Surrey. On the 25th of August, a few minutes before twelve o'clock in the day, I saw both the prisoners standing at the window for two or three minutes together—Hamilton put his thumb down to the glass, cracked it, pushed the piece in, and took out two pieces of lawn—Knight was standing within two or three feet of him at the time—when I first saw them they were together—when Hamilton took the lawn they walked away different ways—I immediately ran out at the private door, and caught Hamilton—I bought him into the house—he was searched by a policeman, who found the two pieces of lawn on him which I had seen taken out of the window—the policeman took Knight—I am sure of their persons.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What time of day was it? A. Twelve o'clock—I saw them at the shop window—I ran out immediately I saw what Hamilton did—Knight was two or three yards off when Hamilton was taken, he was not more than six yards off—I saw him taken afterwards—I am sure he is the same person—my attention at first was more directed to the man who was breaking the window, but I saw both—I will swear Knight is the person.

Hamilton. He said at the office that the window was broken before. Witness. I understand it was cracked a little, but not so much as when he cracked it further—I did not myself know it was cracked—I cannot swear it was not, but I heard it cracked still further.


COURT. Q. Was it open? A. No, nor yet entirely cracked across—there was no hole in the window—it was not possible for a person to put his hand in through the window without cracking it still further.





JAMES HANDLEY
. I am porter to the prosecutor. I was in the shop about twelve o'clock, and saw the two prisoners standing near the window for two or three minutes—I did not see them speak to each other—I saw Hamilton put his hand down to the window and force a piece of glass in—it was cracked a little before, but it was not loose, it was quite tight, the edges of the glass touched each other—he forced the piece in, and took the two pieces of lawn out—I immediately ran out at the side door, and caught Hamilton—I saw Knight walk by—when I caught Hamilton he was quite close to him—I brought Hamilton back, and the lawn was found on him—Knight was taken by a policeman, two or three minutes after.





EDWARD BETTS
. I am a policeman. I received Hamilton in charge—I did not see him till he was in custody—I received the lawn, and have it here.





JAMES ANDREWS
. I am a policeman. I was on duty in Blackman-street about twelve o'clock, and saw Hamilton, Knight, and another one cross from Suffolk-street to the end of Trinity-street—I instantly stood still, and had scarcely done so, when all on a sudden, a disturbance took place—they were going towards the prosecutor's shop window then—they stood at the window a minute or two—I crossed over, and saw Hamilton in the custody of the two witnesses—I said, "Hold him fast, I will go after the other"—I went after Knight, who was walking away, and took him—he merely said, "What do you want with me?"

Cross-examined. Q. What distance was Knight from Hamilton when you took him? A. I suppose about a dozen yards—he was walking from the shop.

COURT. Q. How near was he to Hamilton when you saw him going towards the shop? A. As close as he possibly could be—all three went together in company.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Knight's Defence. On being taken into custody by Andrew, he tapped me on the shoulder; he searched me, and found 10s. 2d., a small handkerchief, and a duplicate of a coat. I told him it was my coat, and I was going to get it out of pawn in the Dover-road, and that was in the way to the pawnbroker's.

HAMILTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Life.

KNIGHT—


NOT GUILTY
.
