



1705. 




JANE CLAYWORTH
 was indicted

 for that she, on the 
19th of June, at St. Dunstan, Stepney, feloniously and maliciously, by force did lead and take away a certain female child under the age of ten years, to wit of the age of two years, named 




Sarah Frances Johnson, with intent to deprive William and 



Mary Johnson, the parents, of the possession of the said child, against the statue.—2nd COUNT, stating her intent to be steal 1 bonnet, value 3s.; 1 frock, value 7s.; 1 pinafore, value 1s.; 2 petticoats, value 2s.; 1 shift, value 6d. 1 pair of shoes, value 2s.; and 1 pair of socks, value 4d. the goods of the said 




William Johnson, upon and about the person of the said last mentioned child; against the Statute, &c.






WILLIAM JOHNSON
. I am a cabinet-maker, my wife's name is Mary. My daughter, Sarah Frances Johnson, is two years and six months old—my house is near the Turnpike-gate, in Mile-end-road—the child was in the habit of playing about the door—on the 19th of June neither I now my wife were at home—I came home and found the child missing—I went down the road and found her at the station-house—I had seen the prisoner about three o'clock, walking past the house—here is my child—she had the bonnet and other things on which are stated.

Prisoner I was very much intoxicated at the time.





MARY ANN JOHNSON
. I live in Silver-street, Stepney, about three-quarters of a mile from the prosecutor. I saw the child—the prisoner was leading it by the hand—she appeared intoxicated—the respectable appearance of the child led me to suspect it was not right—I followed and watched her—the child went very quickly with her—I watched them to the middle of a small field at the back of my house, and there stopped her, and asked her where she got the child from—she said it was her own—I said it was false, it was not—then she said it was her sister's—I then followed her out of the field, and overtook Mrs. Ellis, and told her my suspicious—she went to her, and she told her it was her brother-in-law's who lived at No.23, Wellington-street—I still followed—she went round the corner, towards Whitechapel-road—I took Mrs. Ellis my suspicions were confirmed, and she went and took the child from her—I took it to the station-house—before I got there the parents came and took it—the prisoner could walk and could answer very well.





CHARLOTTE ELLIS
. My husband is a bricklayer. I was standing at my door in George-street, at the back of the Maid and Magpie, and saw the prisoner go by with the child—Mrs. Johnson came and said, "I really believe that child has been stolen"—I went to the prisoner, and said, "That child does not belong to you"—she said, "It does"—I said, "I do not believe it"—she then said, "It belongs to my brother-in-law, No.25, Wellington-street"—I asked her name, and she said Gregory, and the child's name was Mary Ann—I still followed her, and took the child from her, and then followed her till she was taken.





JOHN BLENMON
. I was going along, and saw the prisoner with this child—I knew the child by sight—I caught the prisoner's hand, and Mrs. Ellis took the child—the prisoner then ran away—I went and caught her, and told her I would give her some gin to come with me—I led her towards the station, and she was taken—she was well enough to run.





TIMOTHY CASEY
 (police-constable K 184.)I took the prisoner—she told me her name was Jane Smith—she was a little fresh, but she could walk and talk very well.

Prisoner's Defence. I had been to the Maid and Magpie with some friends, and they had made me tipsy—I know nothing farther—I have five children of my own.




GUILTY
. Aged 43.—


Transported for Seven Years.
