






1501. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  BURCHETT
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HARNSWORTH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of May
, 1 copper, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Thompson
                     




                  , then being fixed to a certain building
            ; against the Statute, &c.
SUSAN THOMPSON. I am the wife of Samuel Thompson; we live in Little Pulteney-street, Golden-square


. On the 16th of May my copper was safe and fixed in my kitchen; I missed it about three o'clock in the afternoon - I went to Thomas Cunningham, who lives two doors off from me - he said he had seen two men with one; I went with him into a water-closet, and saw these two men beating out my copper; I know it was mine - I saw it fitted to the place again; I had seen it safe just before, and full of boiling water.
Harnsworth. Q. Did you see two men beating it up? A.Burchett had it between his knees,; you struck at Cunningham, and made your escape.
THOMAS CUNNINGHAM. I live two doors from the prosecutor's. I have seen Burchett about the neighbourhood frequently; I detected the prisoners in the watercloset of the Rose and Crown public-house, endeavouring to beat up the copper - Harnsworth struck at me, and escaped that time, but he was taken on the Tuesday week following; I am quite sure of his person - it is a most notorious house.
SAMUEL LINDLEY. I am an officer. I took the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Burchett's Defence. I have nothing to say, but this man is entirely innocent. Harnsworth's Defence. I went on Whit-Tuesday to get a pint of beer, and I was taken.
BURCHETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
HARNSWORTH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
