






568. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NORRIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     HAYNES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of February
, 1 watch, value 4l.: 1 chain, value 3d., and 1 key, value 2d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sharp
                  




               
             and another.


                  JOHN 
                  CAMFIELD
               



            . I am in the employ of 
               
                  John 
                  Sharp
               



            , who is a clock and watch-maker
, and has one partner. On Friday, the 5th of February, about eight o'clock in the morning, I was alone in the shop; both the prisoners came in - Haynes asked to see a ring; I said I would call my master down, but he pointed to a ring - I turned, and while I was looking at it Norris got behind the counter, and got a watch; I saw the chain banging from his hand - I said, "You have got something belonging to the shop;" he made no reply - I called the servant, and put the chain to the door. so that they could not get out; the servant did not come - I called again, and Norris tried to undo the chain of the door; I ran, and put my back against the door - the servant came down, and they were both secured; the servant went and called master, and while he was coming I heard Haynes say to Norris, "Give it to me, give it to me!" - he got it from him, put it behind a box, and it was found there; I saw the chain in his hand - master came down, and a constable was sent for; the watch is silver, and worth 4l.
HADAREZAR SHARP. I am the son of 
               
                  John 
                  Sharp
               



            . I was in my bed-room, dressing - the servant came up; I went down, found the prisoners standing in the shop. and the watch behind a scale-box, immediately behind Haynes - the boy said he had seen it pass from one to the other; I sent for a constable, and they were secured - the chain was fastened to the watch; the watch is worth 4l.
JOSEPH MANNING. I am an officer. I received the prisoners in charge - they said nothing to me.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Haynes Defence. I know no more about it than a child unborn - the watch laid on the counter as I went in.
JOHN CAMFIELD. The watch hung on a book behind the counter.
HAYNES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
NORRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 11.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
