



2115. 




ELIZABETH HAWKINS
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering a counterfeit sixpence, having been previously convicted of a like offence.


MR. CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Elizabeth Hawkins, tried at the Middlesex Sessions, February, 1834—I have examined it with the original record in the office of the Clerk of the Peace, and it is correct—(read.)





JAMES CLARK
. I am a policeman. I was present at the February Sessions, 1834, when the prisoner was tried for passing two counterfeit crown-pieces—she was convicted, and sentenced to twelve months imprisonment, and one week in each month solitary.





WILLIAM EDWARD HUGHES
. I am brother-in-law to Mr. Jennings, a stationer, in Crown-court, Finsbury. On the 17th of August I was serving in his shop—the prisoner came and asked for a penny fortune-telling-book, which was in the window—I served her—she put me down sixpence—I gave her 5d., and she went away—just as she got to the door she took and made a full laugh at me, which made me take notice of her—I

put the sixpence into the till—there was not a farthing there—directly my brother came down stairs I gave it to him, and he said it was a bad one—on Friday, the 31st of August, she came again, and asked for a penny child's book—she gave my brother a shilling—I called him out and told him who she was—he sent me for an officer, and she was secured—I am quite certain of her.





JOHN THOMAS JENNINGS
. I am brother-in-law to last witness. On the 17th of August he gave me sixpence—on the 31st I was in the shop when the prisoner came in and asked for a penny book—she gave me a shilling, and not having change in my pocket, I gave it to the boy to get change—he called me out, and told me something, and gave me the shilling back—I examined it, and found it to be bad—I sent for Churchill the officer, who took her—I gave the shilling and sixpence to him—while the boy was gone or the officer the prisoner seemed very uneasy, and at last said she must go, as she must go to work—I said I was very sorry to detain her, but she bad given me a bad shilling—she said she had not—I said I had another piece of money up stairs, which I had every reason to believe she knew about.





JOHN CHURCHILL
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custony—Jennings gave me the shilling and sixpence—I have had them ever since, and produce them.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. This shilling and sixpence are both counterfeit.

Prisoner. The Jury must please themselves about finding me guilty or not—as to myself I do not know whether I shall not do better out of the country than at the House of Correction, for I shall be fed there, and only starved at the House of Correction—it would do a person a greater charity to send them out of the country, than to send them there for twelve months.




GUILTY
.* Aged 25.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
