





1475. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  PERKINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 18th of May
, 1 coat, value 2l.; 1 bag, value 1s., and 1 handkerchief, value 2d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Whitworth
                  




               
            ; and that he had been previously convicted of felony.


                  GEORGE 
                  WHITWORTH
               



            . I work at a stable
 in Clarencegardens, Regent's-park


; I lodge on the second floor there. I have worked with the prisoner once or twice, at groundwork - he knew where I lived; I was out of employ, and went to Epsom Races on Monday, leaving my coat and things at my lodging, in care of my wife - I returned on the Friday night, and they were gone; I never sent the prisoner for them.


                  ANN 
                  ELIZABETH WHITWORTH
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. He went to Epsom; the prisoner came on the Wednesday morning and told me he came from my husband, who had sent him for his coat, as he had come to town for some horses, that he had to go further, and would call again in the afternoon - he came in the afternoon, and asked me if the coat was ready; I fetched it down, and gave it to him in a bag - the handkerchief was in the pocket.


                  ROBERT 
                  DIXON
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 18th of May the prosecutor gave the prisoner into my charge, for stealing a coat, handkerchief, and bag - he said he knew nothing about it, and in about two hours he said he had sold the coat for 6s., and it was gone far enough away; he said next morning that he had pawned it at the corner of East-street, Manchester-square - I found it there.


                  JAMES 
                  MOODY
               



            . I am a servant to 
               
                  James 
                  Ross
               



            , a pawnbroker. I took this coat in pawn from the prisoner, for 8s., on the 18th or 19th of May; and on the 21st he brought a man to buy it - a few hours after a second and third came to look at it - I have had it ever since; the handkerchief was pawned with it.
JURY. Q.Did you ever see him before? A. Never; he said he had been to the races, and wanted some money to take him back.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. If I had not been in liquor I should not have done it.
THOMAS FERGUSSON. I know the prisoner. I saw him tried here in October, 1827 - he was found guilty.


                  RICHARD 
                  HARTLY WALL
               



            . I am an officer. I have got a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clarke's office. - (read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
