





1580. 




WILLIAM HENRY FLOWERS,



 GEORGE YOUNG
, and 




WILLIAM HUMPHRIES
, were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Isaac Keevil, on the 
11th of April, at 
Hanwell, and stealing therein 1 coat, value 2l.; 2 pairs of trowsers, value 18s.; 2 waistcoats, value 12s.; 1 scarf, value 5s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; 1 sheet, value 4s.; 1 counterpane, value 5s.; 3 shirts, value 6s.; 2 pairs of gloves, value 3s.; 2 chisels, value 2s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 3s.; 1 plane-iron, value 1s.; 12 gimlets, value 1s.; 3/4 lb. weight of tea, value 1s. 9d.; 21bs. weight of sugar, value 1s.; 3/4 lb. weight of butter, value 9d.; 1 knife, value 3d.;1 snuffbox, value 6d.; 1 sovereign, and 6 halfpence; his goods and monies.






ISAAC KEEVIL
. I live at Twyford-lodge, in Han well-park, near Ealing. On Thursday, the 11th of April, I left my dwelling-house, about one o'clock in the day, and left the articles stated in the indictment all safe, and the house locked—I returned after six o'clock, and found the door bolted inside, when I went to unlock it—I went round to the back, found the yard gate broken open, and the window broken open, by which they had entered a little room, and then broken a door open, which leads to the inner part of the house—they broke part of the brick-wall to open the door—I went in, found the drawers broken open, every thing in confusion, and all these articles gone (examining them)—they are all mine—I found a boy's dirty shirt left there, and ft handkerchief, with some mess in it—I know Young.





WILLIAM COWDY
. I live at Twyford-abbey. I was going from dinner on the 11th of April, between one and two o'clock, and saw three young lads coming down, they turned the same way as I was turning—I saw no more of them till they came back, a little before five o'clock—they went in a direction from the prosecutor's then—but when I first saw them they were also going from it—they were about a mile from the house at five o'clock—I know Flowers is one of them—I cannot be certain of the others—one was rather bigger, and the other rather smaller

than the other two—I cannot say they are the men—I have seen Young once before, but cannot say whether he was one of them—I know Flowers by sight, and by his face.

Flowers. We were nearly three-quarters of a mile off when he passed us.





THOMAS COWDERY
. On the 11th of April I was going from dinner to work, with Cowdy—three young lads passed us—I believe Young and Flowers to be two of them, but I did not take particular notice of them—I told them not to go out of the foot-path—I was very busy at the time, with a piece of timber on a barrow—I told the Magistrate I thought Flowers and Young were two.





ELIZABETH COWDERY
. I lire with my father, at Twyford-abbey farm—I saw the three prisoners go by the farm, between one and two o'clock on this day—our house is about half a mile from Keevil.





JAMES READ
. About eleven o'clock this day-week I was in Harrow-road, near Harlesdon-green, about a mile and a half from Keevil's, and saw the prisoners going along the road together—I knew them well before—I saw them all three come back together at six o'clock in the evening, and Flowers had a parcel.

Young. It is quite false, he never saw me at all.





WILLIAM BENHAM TOMLINSON
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Upper George-street, Marylebone. I have a suit of clothes, pawned on the 12th of April, for 14s., by the prisoner Flowers, who said he bought them from his father—I have also a counterpane and sheet, pawned the same day by Humphries, for 7s., in the name of Frederick Lee, for his mother.





WILLIAM LYNES
. I am a policeman. In consequence of informati, on the 12th of April, I traced the prisoners as far as Paddington, and in Bell-street took Flowers—he said he knew nothing" about it—I took him to the station-house, and found 7s. 10d. on him—I said the neckerchief he had on was like the one lost—he said it was the handkerchief, and as he was taken into custody, the other two should be taken—he did not tell me any thing—this is my hand-writing—(looking at his deposition)—I cannot read this—he told me something about somebody being drunk at a public-house—I did not take the other prisoners—the name is cut out of the handkerchief.





THOMAS COLBORNE
. I am a policeman. I went after Humphries, and found him at a lodging-house in Bell-street, and found this cap and a shilling on him.





ALFRED BLUNDELL
. I am a policeman. On the 12th of April, after the prisoners were locked up, they were all three put separate—Humphries called out to Flowers, "What have you done with the two keys?"—Flowers said, "I have thrown them away"—Humphries said, "That is right; what have you done with the snuff-box?"—Oh!" he said, "I gave that away"—"That's right," said he—Flowers then said to Humphries, "What have you done with the scarf?"—"Oh!" he said, "that's all right enough"—he said, "What have you done with the shaker?"—he said, "Do you mean the dirty one?"—he said, "Yes'—"Oh!" he said, he gave that away—Humphries said, "What have you done with the knife?"—he said, "I have got that in my pocket"—I told the sergeant, and went and found a knife in Flowers's pocket, which the prosecutor identified.





MICHAEL BROWNE
. I am a policeman. I went to a lodging-house in Bell-street, between five and six o'clock in the evening of the 12th of April,

and apprehended Young lying on the table, drunk—I told him I took his for a robbery at Twyford-lodge—he said he knew nothing about it—I said, "These new shoes you have on your feet, I have no doubt are the produce of the plunder"—I put him in a different cell to Flowers, and in consequence of the conversation we afterwards heard, I found a knife in Flowers's pocket—I did not find out where he got the shoes.





ISAAC KEEVIL

re-examined. The clothes, handkerchief, and knife are all mine—my house is about seven miles from London—I have seen Young before—I had no money in my house but a sovereign, and that they took away.

Flowers's Defence. The other two prisoners are innocent, I am guilty.

FLOWERS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

YOUNG*—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.

HUMPHRIES—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.





Transported for Ten Years.
