



1880. 




JAMES HARRIS
 was indicted

for a robbery on 



Ann Gray, on the 
15th of July, putting her in fear, and taking from her person, and against her will, 1 shilling, her money; and immediately after, striking and beating her.






ANN GRAY
. I am single, and live with my father who is a stonemason at Uxbridge. About nine o'clock on the evening of Sunday, the 15th of July, I was coming from West Drayton, where I had spent the afternoon at my sister's—this happened between Useley and Drayton—I was coming along the foot-path—the prisoner, who was quite a strange; came out of a hedge, caught hold of me by the shawl, and asked me for my money—I told him I had not any—I was alarmed—he began swearing at me, and said he would have my money, and if I did not give him a shilling, be would serve me out—I then gave him a shilling, and immediately after that he hit me twice in his face with the fist, and made my nose and mouth bleed—he said he knew where I came from, and he would he with me again in a short time—he then ran away across the fields—he had a blue smock-frock, and a cap on his head—I kept on, and went to the first public-house I came to—I told them, and they took me back to my sister's, to West Drayton-in about half an hour after I went back I understood he was taken—I saw him the next morning—he had the same dress on then, and I knew him—I am quite sure he is the same person.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Have you always lived at home with your father? A. No-ray father lives in Vine-street, and works for Mr. Burgess, as a labourer—I had been home a week—I am out of place—I went under the rail-road when I came from my sister's—I met the prisoner not quite a mile from the rail-road—it was rather dark about nine o'clock—he did not stop many minutes—he laid hold of my shawl—he did not put his arm round my neck—he did not attempt to kiss me—I was not angry with him for not doing so—I had four more shillings in my pocket—it was after I gave him the shilling that he struck me—I do not know whether the clock had struck nine—it was about twenty minutes to nine o'clock when I left my sister's—she lives about half a mile from the rail-road, and I had got about half a mile from the rail-road when I met the prisoner.





JAMES GOODALL
. I live at Useley. About nine o'clock I had just come from the station-house at the rail-road—I went to Useley to a public-house kept by my mother—the prosecutrix was telling my sister she had been robbed, and described the man as having a very loose ragged smock-frock, knee-breeches, white stockings, and an old pair of shoes—(I

took her to her sister's)—I had seen the prisoner on the Saturday night before, dressed as she described-in half an hour after the girl had gone, he came to the public-house—I was talking about the circumstance, and said if I could have caught the man, I would have broken his neck—the prisoner immediately said, "Has there been a young woman robbed here to-day?"—I said, "Yes, there has within the last hour"—he drank his beer and walked off—I immediately followed him with a young man—I saw him go to Bagley's farm where he was to sleep for the night—I went to Drayton, found the girl in fits, and all over blood—we carried her to the bottom of Money-lane, stopped with her two hours, and returned to Bagley's farm and took the prisoner—he wanted to pull off his smockfrock, but we would not let him—we took him to Uxbridge—the next morning the prosecutrix saw him, and said, "He is the man"-when I first saw him that evening his legs, and shoes, and stockings were wet, as if he had been through the wheat—it was a very wet evening.

Cross-examined. Q. What stockings had he? A. They ought to have been white, if clean—they were dark because they were dirty—I and my sitter were talking about this when the prisoner was there—I am sure he said, "Has any young woman been robbed, and stopped here to-day?"—I have never said he used any other words—I was examined before the Magistrate—he said, "stopped," "interrupted," or something—it was a quarter to nine o'clock when I first saw him—she was robbed about two hundred yards from our beer-shop—I afterwards found him sleeping in Bagley's farm.

COURT. Q. You and Mills found him in a loose smock-frock? A. Yes; and he wanted his father's white smock-frock to put on instead, of his own.





JAMES MILLS
. I live in the neighbourhood—I heard of the prosecutrix being stopped—I went with Goodall to the barn—the prisoner had a blue smock-frock on—he wanted to take it off, and put on his father-in-law's white smock-frock; but we would not let him.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did you first see him? A. About a quarter-past nine o'clock—we took him about twelve o'clock at night.

COURT. Q. There is no clock between Drayton and Uxbridge, I believe? A. No.

MR. JONES
called






JOHN KENT
. I am head team-carter to Mr. Bagley, the farmer. I have known the prisoner about fifteen months-when this robbery was committed he had not been at work for Mr. Bagley—he had a little while before—I know his father-in-law and mother—they were living about there at the time—they had work from Mr. Bagley—I remember being in company with the prisoner that Sunday evening, from six till eight o'clock; and then I was with him from eight till ten o'clock, all but about twenty minutes—I was in his company from six till eight o'clock at the Swan, at Drayton, and we came away up the Great Western Railroad; and from there to the Travellers' Friend, at Useley—I had a pint of beer, and he went into the tap-room and had a pint of beer—I left him that evening about nine o'clock—I had no watch, and cannot speak to a few minutes—I do not know where the young woman was attacked—I do not know when he went away—I left then—I saw him again that evening—he went into Mr. Bagley's farm.





BARGINA PERKINS
. I am the step-father of the prisoner—I was at

work for Mr. Bagley—I remember the night of the robbery when the prisoner came home to sleep—I cannot say the hour—I should think it was about ten o'clock.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.
