




1911. 




ABRAHAM DESIS
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Jones, about the hour of four in the night, on the 
21st of June, at 
St. John the Evangelist, Westminster, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 pair of stockings, value 4d.; 1 handkerchief, value 2d.; 18 pencils, value 2s.; 11 pence, and 14 halfpence; his property.





SARAH JONES
. I am the wife of John Jones, and live in Pye-street, St. John, Westminster—we occupy a room in the house—it is let out to different tenants. About half-past four o'clock in the morning of the 22nd of June, I and my husband were in bed—I saw the prisoner standing at the head of the bed—I crouched down, and awoke my husband, who said to him, "Come out, and let me see who you are"—he came out, and my husband asked what he did there—he said, "I don't know, I have come up here, and lost my way in the dark"—my husband let him go—we then missed 18d. in copper money off the table—I went after him, overtook him, and gave him in charge—he was taken to the station-house, and I saw a dozen and half of pencils and 18d. in copper taken from him—the pencils were on another table when we went to bed, and the door shut—I missed a handkerchief off a chair, and a pair of stockings from the floor—the door fastens with a latch, and I had put a chair against it—I went to bed about half-past twelve o'clock—the door was open when I saw him.





JOHN CARTER
 (police-constable B 151.) On the morning of the 22nd of June I saw the prosecutrix holding the prisoner in Peter-street—he was trying to get from her—I found on him a dozen and half of pencils, 18d. worth of copper, a pair of stockings, and a handkerchief—one of the stockings was in the flap of his breeches—he said he took the stockings from the room, but nothing else—I found 4d. in a different part of his dress, which he said was his own money—the house is in the parish of St. John the Evangelist.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
.* Aged 42.—


Transported for Ten Years.
