




1068. 




JOHN MAURICE DREW
 and 




JANE DREW
 were indicted for

feloniously making and counterfeiting 2 false and counterfeit sixpences; well knowing the same to be counterfeit, against the Statute, &c.


MESSRS. SCARLETT. and ELLIS
conducted the Prosecution.





ROBERT DUKE
. I belong to the Police Office, Hatton-garden. On the 15th of March I was in Church-street, St. Giles's in company with Hall, Reynolds, and Palmer, all belonging to the police—I went to No. 8, Church-street, to the one pair of stairs room, and found the door fastened—I was followed by Reynolds—we endeavoured to force the door, and after some difficulty did so—I saw the female prisoner standing in the middle of the room, and the male prisoner on the right hand side, near the fire-place, in his shirt sleeves—they were tucked up—I had heard the woman call, out, before I got in, "What do you want?" or something of the sort—previous to seeing the man, I heard something rattle like money—it was just about the time that I forced the door open—the prisoner hands were very black—I took him away from the past where he stood, near the fire-place—the fire was very brisk indeed—I proceeded after that, to search the fire-place, and observed a iron spoon in the fire, red hot—on a chair very near the fire-place I found a metal spoon, with the end of it partly melted off—on the table I found a pair of scissors, and also a small piece of mental, which had been melted—on the right hand hob of then hob of the fireplace I found two shilling, and on the left hand bon one shilling—they were quite warm at the time I took them off the hob—the two are dated 1817, the other 1820—I afterwards proceeded to search the fire-place more particularly, and up the chimney, on a ledge, on the right hand side, as far as I could reach with my arm, I found a mould for shillings, which I handed over to Hall, to take care of—I searched farther, and on the same ledge of the chimney I found another mould, for half-crowns, which I produce—they are made of plaster-of-Paris.





WILLIAM REYNOLDS
. I am a constable. I accompanied Duke to the prisoners lodging—I entered the room with him—the male prisoner was standing on the left hand side of the fire-place, and the female in the middle of the room—I searched the room, and in a cupboard by the left hand side of the fire-place, on the floor. I found some pieces of plaster of Paris mould I picked them up—they were quite warm at the time—in

the same cupboard, on a shelf, In found half a bag of plaster-of-Paris—on searching up the chimney I found six counterfeit shilling and a sixpence—on the hob on the right hand side of the fire-place I found a counterfeit shilling, and under the fire-place, among the ashes, I picked up two counterfeit shilling and some pieces of metal which had been melted—I observed that the male prisoners's hands were very dirty.





CHARLES PALMER
. I am a policeman. I accompanied Duke, Reynolds, and Hall—what I entered, the woman was standing in the middle of the room, and the man near the fire—I immediately secured the prisoners, while Duke and Reynolds searched the room—i saw Reynolds and a sixpenny-mould on the floor, and several counterfeit coins on the hob—I afterwards searched up the chimney, and found a half-crown mould, and a shilling mould—the male prisoner had no coat on—his shirt sleeves were turned up.





WILLIAM HALL
. I went with the other officer—I waited outside while they went up stairs—I apprehended a man Young who jumped out of the window—he was discharged at Hatton-garden Office—when I entered the apartment I picked a sixpence off the floor, which I produces—I saw Duke find a mould up the chimney.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to his Majesty's Mint, and have been so nearly twenty years. I have examined the articles produced—there are three plaster-of-Paris mould; one for the casting of half-crowns one for a shilling, and one for a sixpences—they all appear to have been used for the purpose of casting coin—the date of the sixpenny-mould is 1816—there are two counterfeit sixpences produced which correspond with that mould, and, I believe, have been cast in it—they correspond in all respects with the mould—there are one or two trifling accidental marks on the coin, of which I find corresponding ones on the mould, which enables me to believe they have been cast in the mould—here is a mould for casting shillings, the impression of which bears the date of 1820; and I find, among twelve conterfeit shillings produced, eight of them correspond with that mould in all respects—the half-crown mould has been used, but there is no coin of that date—the coin is made of Britannia metal, which is a mixture of tin and antimony; and the spoon is of the same metal—here is an iron spoon, which appears to have been on the fire, and to have some white metal in it similar to the spoon—it is possible it might have been used for melting the white metal—this plaster-of-Paris is the material of which the mould are made—the scissors night be used to clip the superfluous metal.

John drew to
R. DUKE. Q. Did I make any resistance? A. No—the window was open when I got up—there were two bedsteads in the room—you were in your shirt sleeves.

John Drew's Defence I had been at work from six to one o'clock, and had not been in the room five minutes, when I was going to change my linen—Young was sitting at the five—i took no notice of him—the officers came to the door—Young immediately jumped up, and threw something out of his pocket towards the fire, which sounded like silver; he then ran to the window and jumped out—two officers secured him and brought him up—there were two beds in the room—Young occupied one—he had lodged three eight nights—I had known him a fortnight, and had known his father a long time I gave him a lodging, as he said he was going to work in a few days and his father would not give him a farthing—I know nothing of the implements found in her room—Young brought all into the place and

then informed against me purposely to obtain money—did not take the room—it was my brother's apartment—Young has he same recourse to the room as we had, and he different people there while I was at work—the officer says he heard money rattle before he entered—that was when Young threw the coins of his pocket—he was committed about six months before, for a similar offence, in the name of Waiter, and I understand was tried last Session in the name of Young—do you think I should have placed the coin on each side of the fire, and in these other places? when the officer says there was a large fire, if they were in my possession—I could have been them into the fire, and they would leave melted immediately.

Jane drew's Defence On the morning of the 13th of March, Young came into the place with a new spoon—I was washing at the time the officers came—I saw him at the fire, but took no notice—I was certainly very much frightened when I heard the knocking at the door, but when I got over my fright I unlocked the door—I heard something rattle when Young jumped out of the window—the door was fastened because there was no lock to it.

JOHN M. DREW—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

JANE DREW—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.




Transported for Life.
