





1060. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PRICE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, 56 handkerchiefs, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wills
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  MEREDITH
               



            . I live with Mr. John Wills, hosier and glover
, Oxford-street


. About half-past eleven o'clock on Saturday evening, the 17th of April, there were about one hundred and fifty handkerchiefs near the door - the prisoner came and took, them but dropped part of them; I followed him, and he dropped fifty-six handkerchiefs at the corner of Market-street, which is opposite - a drunken soldier reeled up against him, and stopped him; I took him, and brought him back - I was behind the counter; the door was on the opposite side of the shop to me.
Prisoner. Q. Do you mean to say, upon your oath, that in getting over the counter, or round it, you never lost sight of the person who took them? A. I mean to say when I got to the door I saw you running, and you are the person who took them - I never lost sight of you; it was light enought to see you.
COURT. Q. Do you swear positively he is the person? A. Yes.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BENSTEAD
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Wills
               



            . I remember the bundle of handkerchiefs lying about a yard within the door; I saw the prisoner come and take them - he dropped part of them just outside the door; I pursued him across the road, and he dropped these fifty-six at the corner of Market-street - I only lost sight of him while I picked them up, and swear he is the man.
Prisoner. Q. Where was I taken? A. Just inside the market.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going through Oxford-market, and heard a cry of Stop him! I turned round, and saw two persons pass me in a great hurry; I was then stopped, not by a soldier, but by two butchers, who said,"There is a call after you; Stop!" I said," It can't be after me, but I will stop;" the first witness then came up, and charged me with taking these handkerchiefs - I have not been in Europe for fifteen years, and never in my life committed an offence of this kind; why these two young gentlemen should he so positive that I entered the shop and took them, I do not know; my situation in life has been very different from shop-lifting, and I will say, if it were the last sentence that ever passed my lips, I am not guilty.
EDWARD MEREDITH. I never lost sight of him at all; he dropped part of them at the door, and I followed him directly - I did not see any other person running; there was a soldier who was drunk, and he reeled up against him - he said, "Here he is, take him, and hang him."
Prisoner. It would have been very easy for that soldier to have been brought. Witness. The Prisoner said he had a wish to bring the butchers forward.
JURY. Q. How soon after he dropped the last bundle was he taken? A. Directly - he was not then above fifty yards from my master's door; I certainly lost sight of him while I was coming across the counter - I saw him take the handkerchiefs from the door; when I got to the door I saw him running, and knew he was the same person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
