





2034. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JOLLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, 7 pairs of boot-legs, value 14s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Copeman
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 sheet, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Clarke
                        



.
MARY CLARKE. I am the wife of John Clarke - he is a boot and shoemaker

, and lives in Old Montague-street


. The prisoner came to lodge with us on the Wednesday, and took her lodgings by the week - on the Sunday I saw her door ajar, and a pair of boot-legs in the room; I went in and saw two pairs of boot-legs near the pillow - this led me to suspect; I looked, and missed a sheet - when she came back, I said "You have robbed me of a sheet, and theman in the next room of the boot-legs;" she said she had not, she had wrapped the sheet round her to keep her warm - she had gone out at seven o'clock in the morning, and came home between seven and eight in the evening; I found the sheet round her person - she had not an opportunity of putting it on when she came home - seven pairs of boot-legs were lost, and two were found just under the edge of the pillow; she had put down three pairs of boot-legs in the yard; five pairs were found in all; two pairs were quite lost.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COPEMAN
               



            . I know these boot-legs; they were all safe on Saturday night, and I missed them on Sunday morning - this witness brought these into my room; I live on the same floor with the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DARBY
               



            . I am a Police-constable. This witness gave the prisoner into my charge on suspicion, and said she had attempted to go out at the back door; I took the candle and found some of these boot-legs on the pavement - this sheet was taken from the prisoner's person.
Prisoner. I told her I had the sheet round me; I know nothing about the boot-legs - a boy slept with that man, and he went up and down - I am innocent of taking them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
