





Before Mr. Justice Alderson.
907. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FERGUSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of March
, 1 clock, value 8l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Oldfield
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
SARAH OLDFIELD. I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Oldfield
               



            , an undertaker
; we live in Britannia-street, St. Pancras


. This clock was in a middle room on the ground floor, on a chest of drawers - it cost 10l. eighteen years ago; it is worth 8l.; the shop door was bolted and locked, but two panes of glass were broken before, and a hand could be put in to unfasten it - I saw the clock safe about half-past seven o'clock, and missed it about ten minutes to eight - I have not seen it since.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HORTON
               



            . I am fourteen years old; I have known the prisoner two years - I saw him at Oldfield's door a few minutes before eight o'clock; he pulled his jacket sleeves up, put his arm through the hole in the window, and unlocked the door - I was playing at hide in the court; after unlocking the door, he crossed the road, staid there a few minutes, then crossed, pushed the door open, and went in - I saw him come out with the clock in his hand; he crossed the road, and struck me on the head with the clock; he called me a bad name, and ran down the court with it, and up Charlotte-street - his companions threatened to murder me, and I did not go and tell the prosecutor till next morning - I told a shopwoman over the way that night,
MRS. OLDFIELD. I received the information the following morning.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PATTERSON
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. On Monday evening, the 5th of March, I went to the shop door, and found it locked, at twenty minutes to eight o'clock; I could not get in - I went in the back way, and as I sat in the back parlour I heard a noise, and took a light into the shop - I found nobody there, but the door open; I looked out, and saw the prisoner going away carrying something heavy before him, I could not tell what; I knew him before - he lives four doors from us.
Prisoner. He swore at the office that I ran in doors. Witness. No, I said another man went in at your door - his house was searched, but nothing found.
Prisoner's Defence. From seven o'clock till nine I was at Paddington, and as I returned, about a quarter-past nine o'clock, this young man laid hold of me.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
