





2101. 
               
                  
                     ALFRED 
                     COOK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of August
, 1 spoon, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Rugless
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  RUGLESS
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Rugless
               



            , who keeps a confectioner's-shop
 in Picadilly


. On Friday, the 24th of August, the prisoner came into the shop for a basin of mock-turtle soup; I took it into the soup-room with a spoon, and in a very few minutes he called me into the room, and gave me half a crown - I gave him 1s. 6d.; he had only eat half the soup; he left in a very short time, and as he went out, I went into the room, and missed the spoon - my father went after him, and he was taken in a pawnbroker's shop; I saw the spoon at the office the same evening, and am quite sure it is my father's - I have cleaned it for many years; there are no initials on it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How do you know it? A. By the pattern; nobody came in or went out of the room before I missed it - we had no other customer.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 24th of July, between four and five o'clock, the prisoner came to pawn this table-spoon; Mr. Rugless came in and took him before I advanced the money.
Prisoner. Q. If you wanted a quantity of these spoons, could you not obtain them very readily? A. Certainly.


                  CHARLES 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am a serjeant of the Police. Mr. Rugless brought the prisoner to the station-house, charged with stealing the spoon, which Barnes delivered to me; the prisoner gave no account of it.
ELIZA RUGLESS. I am quite certain of this spoon; the prisoner never claimed it as his own - I know it from a mark on it; a flaw - my father followed him immediately.
Prisoner's Defence. I purchased it of a dealer, which is customary in the trade I followed.
CHARLES BAKER. He told the Magistrate he purchaseda pair of spectacles at the same time, which I found the duplicate of in his pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
