





397. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  COOPER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of December
, 1 gown, value 5s.; 8 yards of printed cotton, value 8s.; 1 shawl, value 4s., and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Newman
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . My husband's name is John - we have parted, and he lives one hundred miles off. I left my situation at Mr. Stevens', in Bishopsgate-street, on the 2nd of December - my property was in the attic at my father's, in Half Moon-passage, Aldersgate-street


; I was staying there till I got a situation, but slept out - I saw my things safe in my box, which was locked, between six and seven o'clock in the evening of the 7th of December, and next morning, before eight, I found my box broken open, and some of my things gone: I found them at Guildhall that day, when the prisoner was in custody - he is my brother-in-law, and lodged in the house with his father.
GEORGE CLAMP. I am a pawnbroker. I have eight yards of printed cotton, pawned on the 7th of December, after seven o'clock, by the prisoner, for 4s. - I am certain of him.


                  JOHN 
                  VARLEY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, of Redcross-street. I have a gown and shawl, pawned by the prisoner, for 3s. 6d.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother. I called at my father's, where he lived, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening - my father was in bed; I saw this box broken open, and went to look for the prisoner, but could not find him - I returned, and found him on the stairs - we went up stairs together; I accused him of taking the things, and said he had better tell - I found the duplicates on my father's bed.
JOHN WILLIAM HARRISON. I apprehended the prisoner in Half Moon-passage - he said nothing to the charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
