



1868. 




JAMES SHORT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of July, 68 check-springs, value 3l. 2s.; 4 bell-carriages, value 2s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1l.; 2 files, value 1s. 2d.; 1 pair of plyters, value 2s.; 1 tea-caddy, value 9d.; and 2 images, value 1s.; the goods of 



John Linton.






JAMES HAYWOOD
 (police-constable G 173.) On the 28th July, at two o'clock in the morning, I was in Golden-lane—I saw the prisoner there; he fell down, and his hat fell off—he got up again, and walked off—I followed him, and found a tea-caddy under his arm, and these springs in his bat—I found one file on him, and my brother officer found another—we took him to the station-house, and the inspector let him go—soon afterwards the prosecutor came, and made a complaint—we went after the prisoner, but could not find him—I went back to the place wher he fell down, and found this one check-spring.

Prisoner. Part of the things I had were my own, and part the New River Company's who I work for. Witness. When I took him, he said he had had these things twelve months—after I took him the second time, he said he had them for a debt that day, from Wellington-street, where he was removing goods.





GEORGE TINDALL
 (police-constable G 43.) I produce a number of springs, given to me by the prosecutor—I was with Haywood that morning,

and saw the prisoner fall down—I found this small spring just over the threshold of the door, where his hat fell in Golden-lane—that is about one hundred yards from the prosecutors's house.





JOHN LINTON
. I live in Golden-court, Golden-lane. I lost, on the 28th of July, two files, five dozen and eight check-springs, one pair of plyers, and some other things—I have only found this bell-carriage, which was in the privy—I had left all this property tied up in a handkerchief, and my tools were on the bench; and when I came home there were a great many missing, and the rest scattered about—I was kicking up a disturbance with the people in the court, when these two policmen came, and asked what was the matter—I told them I had been robbed—they said thay had taken the man to the station-house, and let him go—I made these check-springs myself—it was about half-past two o'clock at night, when I discovered my loss—the door was wide open, the candle was alight, and the cupboard door was open—I missed two images, a tea-caddy, and all the articles stated.





SARAH LINTON
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I went with him to a raffle, and we returned at half-past two o'clock—the tools had been in the rack, and the images on the mantel-piece—I left the door ajar, and the candle burning—when we returned, the property stated was missing.

Prisoner's Defence. The peoperty I had in my handkerchief belonged to the New River Company—they were wires which we put into pipes—the two articles produced by the officers I never had in my possession.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.
