






1556. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LAWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of September
, 34lb. weight of silk, value 34l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Louis Josephe 
                           Labussiere
                        




                     
                   and another, his masters
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the Prosecution.


                  LOUIS 
                  JOSEPHE LABUSSIERE
               



            . I am a silk dyer
. I have one partner, and had when we detected this robbery, but I do not know when this silk was stolen - I took my partner about three months ago - we have no deeds drawn yet - on the 15th of September, Mr. Lane gave me some information - the prisoner was my journeyman
 - I saw some silk - this is it - it corresponds with my mark - I do not know whether any other dyer has the same mark, but this is my mark - I never gave this silk to the prisoner to dispose of - I never gave him any silk to sell in any way - this silk is worth 20s. per pound - (producing some) this is raw - and this is dyed.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Which of your customers have lost any silk? A. They did not complain of any loss - they said I returned the silk very damp, and asked if they had all their silk - there is a boy and girl who do nothing but tie up silk - other persons do it sometimes - I had not missed any silk, that I know of, but my customers complained - this silk would be kept in the skeining room, if it were in my care - I went to France about two months ago - when I returned, I went all over my place - I did not miss this silk - I do not deal in silk, but when I have it left on my hands, I do the best I can with it - that is damaged silk - I have sold Dumar damaged silk very like this - I never authorized any person to sell silk for me - I think the prisoner has been six years in my employ - when manufacturers send me silk to dye, they send the weight, and it is weighed when it goes home - the prisoner chiefly attended to the weight with the street man - he did not tell me, when I returned from the continent, of this silk being detained at Mr. Lane's, till he was called into the parlour - he then turned, and said, "You know I took it, as I have done before" - I had a partner before I went into the country - his name is Davis.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Could you give this silk to any body to sell? A. No; I could not - when I returned I had perhaps 3000lbs. of silk in my house - Mr. Machu was a customer of mine - this silk was supposed to belong to him.


                  BARZILLIA 
                  LANE
               



            . I am a silkman, and live in Church-street, Bethnal-green. On the 11th of September, a woman called on me in the afternoon - she brought two small samples of silk, and the next morning she brought 34lbs. or 35lbs. - I had some conversation with her - I afterwards saw the prisoner - I told him what had passed between me and the woman - when I first saw her she said she had some silk to sell, would I buy it - I said I could give no answer till I sw the bulk - she stated she could not bring it that afternoon, as she lived a considerable distance off - I asked her where, and she said in the Commercial-road - she then went away - on the following morning, she drove up to my door in a cab, and brought about 34lbs. of silk - this is part of it - she stated the silk had belonged to her father and mother, and had been in her possession two years - I asked her her name, and she said it was Jones, and she lived at No. 3, Lower Chapman-street, Commercial-road - I detained the silk, and told her to come with her husband, which she did in the afternoon - the prisoner was introduced as her husband - I asked him his name, he said, "Jones," and that he lived in Lower Chapman-street, Commercial-road - he said he was a cabinet-maker - I stated I had detained the silk, and should do so till he could give me a satisfactory account of how he became possessed of it - he stated the same as his wife had, that it had been the property of her father and mother, and their name was Jones - I asked him how it was that the name of Jones was attached to all the family - he said, after a moment's hesitation, "That is all right, we were first cousins, and we married" - I noticed that he had a pair of black gloves on - he pleaded great ignorance about silk, and said he knew nothing about it - I afterwards saw him at Mr. Labussiere's - he was summoned into the room for me to identify him - I said, "This is the man who came to me about the silk" - he said, "I will tell you all about it," and turning to Mr. Labussiere, he said,"You know I had the silk from you to part with, the Friday before you went to France - you called me and gave me that bag of silk - told me to put it to rights and dispose of it, as I had done former parcels" - he was then taken into custody.


                  GEORGE 
                  GREGORY
               



             (police-constable N 28). I took the prisoner into custody about nine o'clock in the morning, at the prosecutor's house - I do not know the day - he said he ought to give Mr. Labussiere in charge, instead of Mr. Labussiere giving him, as he said he knew that he gave him the silk to dispose of before he went to France.


                  PHILIP 
                  McKIN
               



             (police-constable N 22). I received this silk from Mr. Lane.
MR. CLARKSON to MR. LABUSSIERE. Q. Are there any marks on this silk which enable you to say it is yours? A. Yes; I think it had belonged to Mr. Machu - he had complained that his silk had gone home damp - I cannot say that this silk had not been in my possession before I had a partner - I have had many hundred weight of silk from Mr. Machu since I had a partner - I cannot say whether I had this silk before or since.
MR. ADLOPHUS. Q. Had you any silk at all in your possession belonging to Mr. Machu when you took your partner? A. I believe not at that time.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am partner with Mr. Labussiere. I went into partnership with him about four months ago - I think the beginning of June - there is silk comes from Mr. Machu's, generally speaking, every day - this is the dye-house book - I see by an entry of my own that Mr. Machu's silk was all cleared off on the 18th of August, and on that day we received from him 106-3 of Bengal sewings, which corresponds with the number of this silk, and 54-5 came in at the same time - on the 24th of August, we received 24-6, and more afterwards.
Cross-examined. Q. As you were not a partner before June, you cannot tell what he received before that time? A. I cannot - he had received a great quantity according to the book - the mark I spoke is No. 15 - it is the mark of the cotton to distinguish different manufacturers' silk - it is only the quality of the silk - here are two knots with a coarse cotton, No 15, which corresponds with the mark on the 106-3.
COURT. Q. Do you, to the best of your knowledge, believe that this is part of the 106-3? A. I do.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you any means of believing that except from the number? A. No; it answers to thenumber in the book - it is impossible to miss what is taken.


                  JOHN 
                  BRAMMER
               



            . I am a street-man and porter to the prosecutor. I go to collect silk - this silk has the mark No. 12 on it - it is made by the girls and boys - I tell them what to make, and here is some marked No. 15 - I remember a lot of silk coming on the 18th of August from Mr. Machu, it was marked No. 15 and No. 12, and this corresponds with it.
Cross-examined. Q. Had there not been many No. 15 and No. 12 sent from Mr. Machu before Mr. Davis came into partnership? A. Yes - I have never been employed to take any damaged silk to sell to Mr. Dumas - I cannot tell whether any of this silk had been in the house before Mr. Davis came.
MR. LANE. The prisoner was taken in Huntingdon-street, Kingsland-road.
(John Triggs, an engraver, of Holywell-lane, and 
               
                  Charles 
                  Groves
               



            , gave the prisoner a good character.)
GUILTY. Aged 36. - 


               Recommended to Mercy
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
