






Second London Jury, before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
762. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SIMPTER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     OXLEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Soward, the younger




                  , from his person; and that the said James Simpter had been before convicted of felony
            .
JOHN SOWARD, JUN. I am a statuary and mason
. On the 9th of March I was with my father, in Skinner-street, Snow-hill


, about ten o'clock in the evening - I felt a tug; I turned, and saw Simpter draw my handkerchief from my pocket, and pass it to Oxley; I caught them both as well as I could, but they got from me - my father caught Simpter, and the officer caught Oxley; he was close to Simpter when he took the handkerchief, and Oxley threw it on the ground - I picked it up.
Simpter. Q. You stated at the watch-house that Oxley took your handkerchief? A. No, I stated what I have now.


                  JOHN 
                  SOWARD
               



            , SEN. I was walking up Skinner-street, with my son; he cried out, turned, and said "They have stolen my handkerchief" - I turned and saw Oxley running away; I caught Simpter, and told my son to run after Oxley, which he did, and an officer took him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
GEORGE WILLIAMS. I am a constable. I produce a certificate from Mr. Clark's office of the former conviction of James Simpter, on the 5th of July - he was sentenced to six month's imprisonment in the House of Correction; I was the officer who took him - I know he is the person.
SIMPTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
OXLEY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
