





448. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BRADBURY
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of February
, at Hayes, 1 sheep, value 35s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Davis
                  




               
            .
SECOND COUNT, for killing the said sheep, with intent to steal the carcass.


                  HENRY 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a farmer
, and live at Southall-green, Hayes, Middlesex


 - I had ninety-nine sheep in my turnip field on the 2nd of February - I saw them in the middle of the day, as late as four o'clock; I had counted them in the morning in the fold, and on the morning of Sunday, the 3rd, about half-past nine, seeing some blood in the field, I counted them, and there were ninety eight, I saw the blood where the sheep had been killed, and traced foot steps from there over the hedge, and across the turnips; I suspected the prisoner, got a search-warrant, and went to the prisoners house in Heston parish, about half a mile from my premises; he was not at home - his wife and family were there; I know it was his house, having known him for years; I and Walton searched, and asked his wife what she had got in the pot - we found part of the four legs chopped off at the thighs, part of the thigh, part of the knuckle, and part of the bough in the pot; up stairs we found the top part of the legs, two kidneys and the fat; all the meat was skinned; and on Tuesday morning I found the skin about a mile and a half from his house, and nearly a mile from my house; I can swear to the skin - it has my mark on it, which is B, and a jag wheel on the near hip, here it is - I bought eight of them at Overton fair; on the 18th July, and here is a red dot upon it; the mutton I found at the house corresponds with the sort of mutton of my sheep - it was all backed up into joints, but part of the fat remained on it when we compared them together, and they fitted exactly - the fore feet remained on the skin, I did not compare them, except that; as we did not take the mutton away - when we came back, after looking for the husband, only part of the mutton remained there - Walton saw it; we compared it before the Magistrate at Brentford, and compared the thigh of the skin with the fat, but it was so jagged about, we could not match it except the piece of fat; it was a year old tag mutton.


                  JAMES 
                  WALTON
               



            . I am constable of Norwood, in the parish of Hayes. I went with a search-warrant on the Sunday to the prisoner's house, and found a quantity of mutton, I took it before the Magistrate, all that I found there; there was the four shanks, part of the breast, and part of the neck in the pot; and up stairs I found all the rest, except two loins - I found nearly the whole sheep; the prisoner was a labouring man - I took all the mutton before a Magistrate; a butcher attempted to put it together with the skin - in my judgment it answered to the skin; it was very much haggled, not as if it had 
been done by a butcher; I was not present when the skin was found.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 57. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
