






1469. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  EVANS
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WOOD
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of September
, 1 key, value 3d.; 1 trowel, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of slippers, value 1s.; the goods of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Chalener
                     




                  ; and 3 locks, value 3s.; 4 finger-plates, value 1s. 6d.; and 2 brass knobs, value 6d.; the goods of the said Richard Chalener, then fixed to a building
            , against the Statute.
RICHARD CHALENER. I live at No. 23, Grafton-street


- the house is under repair - these are my articles, and were fixed to the building - I missed them at five o'clock in the morning, on Monday week.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you mean they were all fixed to the building? A. These locks and plates and knobs were - I have fitted them to their places, and they correspond exactly.


                  HENRY 
                  ALDERSON
               



             (police-constable C 164). On the 2nd of September I was on duty in Grafton-street - I heard a noise at No. 23 - I went over, and the gentleman at No. 22 looked out, as he had heard a noise - I waited till Bishop came up - we went into No. 22, and got into No. 23 - we heard some persons run up stairs, and we went up- I saw a hand taking a ladder through a trap door at the top - I jumped up, caught the ladder, and went up - I found the trap door of No. 24 was open - I went in, and found Evans in bed, with his stockings and drawers on, and Wood was on a bed on the floor - there was some lime on his shirt, and on the bed likewise - I found a bunch of keys on the table, and a knife - Bishop and I desired them to get up, and they were taken to the station-house - I went back to No. 23, and found a sack, with these things in it, on the roof - there was a puddle of water on the roof, and I found wet marks in the room where the prisoners were - Wood's shoes were wet.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you find Evans's shoes? A. No; Wood was in his shirt; but it was some minutes after I tapped at the door before it was opened - I did not examine Evans's feet, but his hands were dirty - there were some women on the stairs of No. 24.


                  HUGH 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I am an officer. I went in with Alderson - I saw some persons go into No. 24 - we got down, and tracked them by some lime - we knocked at a room door, but it was five minutes before we got admission - I heard some bustling inside - Wood was on an old piece of bed on a blanket, and Evans was in bed - I asked him how long he had been in bed - he said about two o'clock - I took him to the station-house, and in going along he threw this knob down an area - I found some of these things on Evans, under his shirt - this key fits one of the locks, which was found on the premises.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you tell the magistrate you heard a hustling in the room? A. Yes; I cannot tell whether that is in the deposition - I only saw one woman in the house, who appeared to live there - I went into the next room - I did not look at Evans's shoes - he took them from under the bed, and put them on - this lantern was burning on the roof.
Evans's Defence. I have got locks to fit these keys.
Wood's Defence. I was sitting smoking with Evans.
(
               
                  Alfred 
                  Dixon
               



            , a saddle-maker, of Short's gardens; and 
               
                  Alfred 
                  Watson
               



            , a publican, gave Wood a good character; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hacket
               



            , a broker, of Gould-square; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Coxworthy
               



            , Westminster Bridge-road; 
               
                  William 
                  Ashman
               



            , and 
               
                  Bernice 
                  Grant
               



            , gave Evans a good character.)
EVANS - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 51.
WOOD - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 56.
Recommended to mercy - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
