





2223. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of September
, 1 box, value 1s.; 1 bonnet, value 5s.; 1 hat, value 5s.; 1 comb, value 10s.; 6 gowns, value 2l. 10s.; 2 shawls, value 1l.; 2 caps, value 5s.; 1 collar, value 5s.; 1 necklace, value 10s.; 1 neckerchief, value 5s.; 2 yards of lace, value 5s.; 8 yards of ribbon, value 4s., and 3 paintings, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dennis
                  




               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating the goods to belong to various persons.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BILLINGTON TRAVELL
               



            . I am book-keeper at the Vine Inn, Bishopsgate. On the 21st of September, at a quarter past eight o'clock in the evening, I stood at our gateway, and saw an open barouche pass with some ladies in it - there was a box strapped behind it; I saw the prisoner run after the carriage to the corner of Liverpool-street


; he there took possession of the box - I collared him, and asked where he was going to take it - he said to Cripplegate; I said "You will not take it any further, I saw you take it from a carriage," and he was secured.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HALL DENNIS
               



            . I am the daughter of John Dennis - we were travelling in 
               
                  Henry 
                  Hawker
               



            's barouche; the box, which was fastened to it, is mine; I had six gowns, a shawl, and a comb in it - I saw the box next day in the officer's possession; all the property still continued in it - there was a variety of apparel belonging to me and my sisters - we had come from Dorking; I am twenty-one years old.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  SAMUEL 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . I am an officer. I took the box off the ground, while Travell was holding the prisoner - I brought it next day to Mr. Dennis's house.(Box produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been drinking with a young man in Whitechapel, and in Liverpool-street he desired me to stand there; he brought the box and gave it into my hands; I was taking it to his residence, which he informed me was at Cripplegate.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
