




2229. 




JAMES ELSGOOD
 and 




THOMAS ROOTS
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
8th of September, 3 1/2 bushels of clover, bran, and beans, mixed together, value 2s. 6d. the goods of 



William Carpenter, the master of James Elsgood.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT BUTCHER
. I am clerk to Mr. Carpenter, a miller, at Greenwich. Elsgood was his carter—I only know Roots since he was taken up—it was the duty of Elsgood to take out flour to deliver to the customers,

but not to collect empty bags without he received orders—he had 14s. a week, and 1d. a sack on what he took out, amounting to from 2l. to 2l. 4s. a week—he had the care of his master's horses—they have fallen off in flesh very much lately—they were fed with clover, bran, and beans—in consequence of their looking thin I increased the quantity of food, but they did not at all improve—on the 8th of September Elsgood went out with the wagon, and had directions to call at Mr. Grigg's for some sacks—I took out a sample from the stock of food in the bin, and I saw a sample produced by the policeman—they are both here—they correspond in all respects—I had spoken to the policeman before.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What is it composed of? A. Clover, bran, and beans—that is generally our mixture—there is nothing uncommon in it—my master is not here.





JAMES WILD
 (police-constable 141.) On the 8th of September, by the direction of Butcher, I followed the prisoner Elsgood's wagon—he had three nose-bags hanging under the hind part of the axletree, which appeared to be full—I saw a boy named Kneller—he met Elsgood's wagon at the Broadway, Deptford, just as he set out, at five o'clock in the morning—I followed the wagon to several places, till it got to Old Gravel-lane—Elsgood there emptied the nose-bags into a flour-sack, and as he tied it up I noticed a darn in it—he threw it down, and sat on it—he then went on to the hay market, in Whitechapel, where a country cart drew alongside of his wagon, and put some hay into it—Elsgood then drove on to the New Cross Inn—I there saw Roots standing outside, near the watering-trough—they spoke together, but I did not hear what they said—then Roots took the full sack from the shafts, and took it into his stable—Elsgood was feeding his horses with hay, and watering them—Roots was not gone more than two or three minutes—he then brought the empty sack, and put it where he took it from—he then went into the public-house and got a pot of beer—they drank, and the boy had some—I got assistance, and we went into the stable—I there found the food I produce—Elsgood had taken the sack away—I let him go on—I went to Mr. Carpenter's, and found the same sack there—from the time I saw Roots go into the stable till I went is, no one else went in—I found between three and four bushels—I at last found the sack in Mr. Carpenter's yard, along with some others—I took Elsgood into custody, and told him what for—he said it was a b----y lie.

Cross-examined. Q. What boy is this you were talking of? A. He is here—I was in Red Lion-street—Elsgood did not hang the none-bags on the horses' heads for three quarters of an hour, nor did he at all—the boy was sometimes on a-head with the horses, sometimes he drove the wagon—he had an opportunity of seeing whether the bags were put on the horses—this is the contents of the three nose-bags.





JAMES KNELLER
. I was with these horses and wagon that day—I met Elsgood first just through the Broadway—I was in Red Lion-street with him—I did not see him put any nose-bags to the horses' heads.

Elsgood's Defence. I am quite innocent—as for Thomas Roots taking this off the shafts, it is false—he never came near it.

Roots' Defence. I was standing by a gentleman's horse—Elsgood came and asked for a pot of beer—I went and got it, and put it by his horses—that policeman is a false-swearing man.

ELSGOOD—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

ROOTS—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.—



Confined One Year.
