





2174. 




THOMAS HILL
 was indicted for

 feloniously uttering a request for the delivery of two sheets of 8lbs. weight of lead, with intent to defraud 



Thomas Ross and another; and 





JAMES ADAMS



 as accessory before the fact; and 




THOMAS MURRAY



 as accessory after the fact.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





HENRY ALLAN
. I am the owner of vans and carts, and live in Great Wild-street, Drury-lane. On the morning of the 21st of August, Adams and Hill came to me to hire a van—A lams asked if I had got a van to let—I told him I had—he asked me what for—I said, "1s. 6d. an hour"—he said, "I want it"—I said, "You shall have it directly it comes home,"

and they had it—Hill said they were going to Tooley-street—they were in a great hurry, particularly Adams—it was gone three hours—I sent my man Parsons with it—I think it was between three and four o'clock, but I will not be certain.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you know a person of the name of Williams? A. I do not know him—I have heard talk of him since this—neither of the men that came about the van spoke of him—a short stout man was with them—they say his name was Williams—I do not know what has become of him—they all came together—Adams appeared to act as the master.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. I suppose you had no opportunity of knowing, but from what they said, who was master? A. No—the short stout man did not speak, to the beat of my knowledge—they were all close together.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Adams asked for the van? A. Yes—he seemed in a greater hurry than the other men.





WILLIAM PARSONS
. I drove this van, and went just by Tooley-street, to Mr. Bloyd, the lead-merchant, in Union-street, Southwark-Hill went with me—Adams went as far as Lincoln's Inn-fields—he then left, and Hill went on with me—when I got to Mr. Bloyd's, a sheet of Lead was put into the van and we drove up to Murray's stable, which runs into Crown street, St. Giles's—Hill went with me, and Adams was waiting there for us—the lead was taken out of the van, and put into Murray's stable—both of them helped to take it out, and Adams paid me two half-crowns—he said, "There is 6d. for yourself and 4s. 6d. for your master"—on the following day, (Tuesday,) I went to the same place, and after that I went to a person of the name of Walker—Hill was with me, and he was then taken into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Mr. Ross was there then? A. Yes, I was there when Hill was taken into custody—he did not say that Adams was the man who employed him and that he knew where he was—I heard him say that Adams was at a public-house—I did not hear him say that he was employed by anybody.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Was Adams there? A. No—my master's is about three minutes' walk from Lincoln's Inn-fields—no other man was with them inside my master's yard—no one besides Adams and Hill went to Lincoln's Inn-fields—I then went on, Adams leaving me—Hill got up into the van—I do not know whether he was the active man—he rode with me after the lead.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What did Adams say? A. He said that his master was waiting at the public-house for him—he said the name of his master, and then he went to see if he could see him, and he was not there—the policeman went with him, and then he came back again to Mr. Ross.





JOHN CHAMBERS
. I am clerk to Joseph Bloyd, a lead-merchant, at No. 11, Duke-street, Southwark. Messrs. Ross, the builders, are customers of his—I know they were employed in August at some buildings at Knights bridge—on the 21st of August the prisoner Hill came to my master's warehouse, in Duke-street, and delivered this request to me—I examined it, and said to Hill, "The middle of the order does not appear to be Mr. Ross's handwriting"—Hill said, "Yes, it is"—I turned over the order, and saw at the back of it part of Mr. Ross's address—I was in the habit of receiving from Mr. Ross orders on the backs of letters—(reads) "August

21, 1837—Mr. Bloyd, please let the bearer have two sheets 8lbs. lead—Thomas Ross"—I had only one sheet and told Hill so—he said he would take the one, and he had better take another of a different size to make up the lead—he told me it was wanted for the job at Knights bridge, for the bottoms of the cisterns—I delivered him one sheet of 8lbs. lead, value 16l. 1s. 11d.—I delivered him a weight note of it, addressed to Messrs. T. and G. Ross—it contained a description and weight of the lead, and from whom it came—Hill had a man waiting to receive it—Hill said he had better take another sheet to make up his load, that it would be wanted for the lining of the cisterns—Mr. Thomas Ross came the next day, and I gave him information.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. This note is written in pencil? A. Yes—the body of it did not appear to be Mr. Ross's handwriting—the signature appeared to me to be a different hand—the body of the order was writ ten in a shaky hand—upon his saying it was Mr. Ross's, and seeing the address on the back, I considered it to be authentic—I know this to be the same paper as was presented to me by Hill, by my initials on the corner, which I put when I received it back at Union-hall—I had put no mark on it before.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. This endorsement on the back, "T. Ross, Esq., Bl., induced you to think it was genuine? A. Yes.





THOMAS ROSS
. I live at Blackheath. In August I was engaged with my brother in building some houses at Knightsbridge—I occasionally purchased lead of Mr. Bloyd—Adams was employed by me at these buildings at Knightsbridge, as a man to put on the lead, and Hill was employed by Adams—I rode up to town very early on Tuesday morning, the 22nd of August, and went to Mr. Walker's—after making inquiries of Mr. Bloyd, this order was shown to me—when I got to Walker's I did not find Hill—he came in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes with a sheet of lead in a cart—Parsons was driving it—I said to Hill, "You have been doing something wrong, you have been forging an order; what became of the sheet of lead you took from Mr. Bloyd's yesterday?"—he said, "We have taken it to the job at Knightsbridge"—I said, "I was there very late last evening, and saw no lead there: and I never ordered any 8lbs. lead, we never use it, and the order you gave was a forgery"—he said, "Let me run to Adams, as he was to have met me"—I said, "You must stop where you are"—I sent for a constable, and he was taken to the station-house—after that I made a search after Adams, and found him, after considerable search, at the Crown public-house, in Stanhope-street, Clare-market—he was told what he was charged with—he said, "I am innocent"—Hennessy, the officer, took him—he said he was not guilty of taking any lead, he had nothing to do with it—he was then taken to the same station-house as Hill was—after that I went, from information I had received, to Murray's shop—I know nothing more of this transaction, but what was stated to me by Murray—I had some conversation with a clerk of Mr. Riley's—I did not charge Murray, but the Magistrate held him to bail.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Was Adams a labourer, or did he work on his own account? A. He had so much a ton for laying the lead down, and he was to employ whom he pleased to assist him—Hill was no servant of mine, but his—Adams had applied to me for money shortly be fore this occurred, on account of the contract, on the Saturday night previous I refused to give it him—he had no other person in his employ but Hill, that I am aware of—I do not know Williams—I deposed before

the Magistrate what I said when I saw Hill come with the cart, and what I said was taken down I suppose—I signed it, and it was read over to me—I did not say, "Hill said that he believed it was gone to the job at Knightsbridge"—he said it a dozen times, sometimes singular and some times plural, "I have taken it" and" We have taken it"—I said, "You have been doing something wrong, the order you took was a forgery"—he said, "1 know nothing of it, but I will run and bring my master, Mr. Adams, who is at the public-house at the comer."

MR. CLARKSOK. Q. Were you in the habit of writing your requests on the backs of letters, and so on? A. It is very likely, I write sometimes in ink, but mostly with a pencil—this order is not my writing—I have never used 81bs. lead—I should certainly say Hill knew that—I did not authorise Hill or Adams to get lead from Mr. Bloyd, and carry it to the stable of Murray.





DANIEL HENNESSY
 (police-constable L 171.) On the 22nd of August Hill was brought to the station-house—I afterwards took Adams into custody, from the Crown public-house, Stanhope-street, Clare-market—when Adams and Hill were together, Hill said he received the order from Adams, and Adams said he did not know any thing of Hill nor of the order—Hill told Mr. Ross that he took the lead to Knightsbridge for the job, to be sure.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN
Q. Did he say, "We took it"?—I did not hear him say that—I heard him say it only once, at the station house, in the presence of Mr. Ross and the Inspector—I did not hear him say, "I believe it was taken."





JOHN FITZGERALD
 (police-constable L 124.) I went to the stable, and found the lead.





JOHN CHAMERS

re-examined. That is the lead which I gave to Hill, when he produced the request to me.

HILL—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.




Confined Two Years.

ADAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.

MURRAY—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
