



2275. 




CHARLES TARSEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of October, at 
St. Michael, Queenhithe, 10 Sovereigns, and 13 half-sovereigns, the monies of 



William Evans, in his dwelling house.






WILLIAM EVANS
. I keep the Hatchet public-house, in Little Trinity-lane, in the parish of Queenhithe. About half-past eleven o'clock on the 21st of October I put our my lights and shut up the house—I considered the house was clear of customers—I went down into the cellar, and while I was below I heard something moving in the shop—I went up immediately, and saw prisoner behind the bar with the glass, in the act of taking the sovereigns out of it—he had just put them into this pockethe must have concealed himself I went down—I held him till the officer came in—I had seen him in the house that evening from about nine o'clock till about eleven o'clock—I could not exactly tell what number of sovereigns I had in the glass—I will say from fifteen to twenty—I will swear there were above ten, and thirteen half-sovereigns, I belive—they were all gone when I caught the prisoner—sixteen sovereigns and a half in amount were found on him.





JOHN HURLEY
. I am patrol of Queenhithe. I was called by Mr. Evan's servant of the wine-vaults—the house is in the parish of St. Michael, Queenhithe—I took the prisoner into custody, and found to sovereigns and half in his mouth, and sixteen sovereigns and a half's in amount between his trowsers and the lining—I stripped him entirely, but could find no more—I did not count how many half-sovereigns there were—I delivered the money to the landlord.





WILLIAM EVANS

re-examined Hurley gave me ten sovereigns and thirteen half-sovereigns—I know two of the half-sovereigns by marks on them—they have a bend in the middle, I had a dispute with a person about them, and marked them—I can swear to those two.

Prisoner. He said at the station-house he could not swear to his property but at Guildhall he said he could. Witness. I said at guildhall I could swear to two of them, I was not asked any question about them before that.





JOSEPH SELLEY
. I am an officer of Queenhithe. I have brought the money here—I received it form Mr. Evans.

Prisoner's Defence. I own I was in the act of doing the theft, but I was not behind the bar—I was on the other side of the bar—I was quite intoxicated at the time—I had the head-ache, and laid down on the seat.





WILLIAM EVANS
. He was not in the least intoxicated.
(—Heath, brewer at Messrs. Calvert's; John Booker, Richardson-street, Southwark; and James Henley, leather-lane, Holborn, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 19—


Transported for Life.
