





559. 
               
                  
                     LOUISA 
                     CHAMBERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of December
, 1 shawl, value 10s.; 1 gold ring, value 5l.; 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 half-sovereign, 10 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Aaron 
                           Royce
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ROYCE
               



            . I am the wife of Aaron Royce, a milkman
 - we live in Derby-road, Kingsland


; the prisoner came into our service on the 11th of November. On the 20th of December I gave her a purse, containing a half-sovereign, ten shillings, and a sixpence of William the Fourth: I told her to take it up stairs, and put it into her master's shirt drawer - when she came down I asked if she had put it in the drawer; she said Yes, that she had locked the drawer, and hung the key up; on the 21st we were washing - she asked leave to go out for twenty minutes or half an hour; I gave her leave about eight o'clock in the evening, and never saw her again till the 24th, when she was at Worship-street - she had not given warning; finding she did not return, I went to the drawer - the purse and money were gone, also a shawl and two gold rings, which I should think were worth about 5l., but I did not buy them, and cannot swear to the value - none of my property has been found; she had been with me once before for nine months.


                  CHARLES 
                  WALLER
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner at a bad house, in Rose-lane, Spitalfields, on the 23rd of December; I told her I wanted her on suspicion of robbing her mistress; there was a young man in her company - I said he must go also; she said he knew nothing about it - she said nothing else, except before the Magistrate.




               GUILTY of stealing, to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
