





78. 




MARY NEILY,



 JEMIMA NEILY
, and 




HANNAH ADAMSON
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
30th of September, 1 shawl, value 1l.; 1 necklace, value 1l. 10s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.;1 snuff box, value 6d.; 1 harmonicon, value 4s.; 1 veil, value 2s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; 1 bag, value 1s.; and 1 bottle, value 6d. the goods of 




Ann Milton, from her person.






ANN MILTON
. I am a single woman, and get my living by hard work, I live in families as a servant—I was out of place for about three weeks—the prisoners were quite strangers to me—on the 30th of September, I had been out to spend the evening with a few of my friends, and as I was returning home I was a little the worse for liquor—it was ten minutes past twelve o'clock—I had been' at the Eagle-tavern in the City-road—I had never seen the prisoners before—as I was going along the City-road they spoke to me—I think it was Jemima Neily spoke first—she said, "Halloo"—I spoke to her—she said to me," What are you going to stand?"—I said they could have what they liked—so one sister took hold of one of my arms, and the other the other arm, and Adamson walked behind me—they went into a public-house and called for half a pint of gin—I paid for half a pint of gin, and a bottle of ginger beer—I did not mix the gin and the beer together, they drank it between them—I did not take a drop—I paid 11d.—after we came out, the two Neily's took my arms again, and took me down the City-road; first down one street, and then down another, and then they took all my things from me—the two Neily's had hold of my arm—Adamson took my bag and my necklace, and the two Neily's took my veil and other things—I had a necklace in my bag with an harmonicon and snuff-box—they got away, and were taken about five weeks after—I am certain they are the same persons—I had lived with Dr. Smith, of Whitecross-street, before this happened—I have not been able to go to a place on account of this business—my brother has kept me—he is a painter, in Horse Shoe-alley, Wilson-street—he is a married man—some of my property has been found on Neily's premises.


Mary Neily. She treated me with a glass of gin, and she took one herself—I left her at ten o'clock at night.

Jemima Neily. She did not treat me—she did my sister.





WILLIAM GOLDER
. I am a pawnbroker, and live with Mr. Wetherly, of Church-street, Bethnal-green. I have a shawl pledged on the 2nd of October, in the name of Ann Dale, No. 1, Nicholas-street—I know the prisoners well, but cannot swear that either of them pledged this shawl—they are in the habit of pledging at the shop.





FREDERICK EAGER
. I am a policeman. I was called by my brother officer about eleven o'clock on the 4th of this month, to take the prisoners into custody—I went with him to the house, No. 1, New-court, New Nicholl-street, and found the pair of gloves and the reticule bag in the Neilys' room—the bag was cut up.





EDWARD M'CARTHY
. I am a policeman. I assisted in apprehending the two Neilys.





ANN MILTON

re-examined. This is the description of what my reticule was made of, but it has been worked into some other kind of thing, and cut up—these are my gloves—this is my shawl.

Jemima Neily. She is an unfortunate girl, like ourselves, and well known in the City-road. Witness. No, I am not—I swear I never saw them till this night—I was a little the worse for liquor, but I had quite enough sense to know I was robbed, and who robbed me, and to remember what passed.

Jemima Neily. I have been with her and another young girl in the City-road, since that—I went and pledged the shawl with Adamson.
(Mary Renshaw, of Broadwall, Blackfriars-road, gave the prisoners Neily a good character.)

MARY NEILY.—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

JEMIMA NEILY.—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.

HANNAH ADAMSON.—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.





Transported for Ten years.
There were two other indictments against the prisoners.
