




1769. 




JOHANNA SCANBURY
 and 




MARY GEORGE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
9th of August, 1 bag, value 6d.; and 17 sovereigns; the goods and monies of 




John Wardle, from his person.






JOHN WARDLE
. I am a seaman. On the 9th of August, I was at the tap-room of the Commercial Tavern, Poplar—the prisoners came in while I was sitting there, at half-past three o'clock in the afternoon—I went to the privy in the yard there—they both followed me into the privy—I was a little the worse for liquor—not a good deal—they pulled me about I felt a hand in my pocket, and missed my purse, containing seventeen sovereigns—I told them to let me alone, and not pull me about—after I missed my purse, I told them—I was robbed—they were both close together—I think Scanbury took the purse and gave it to the other—Richardson came to the door—my money was in a bag.





WILLIAM RICHARDSON
. I was in the skittle-ground at the public-house—I heard voices proceeding from the privy—I went and opened the door,

and George came out—she was in a hurry to run away—I laid hold of her—she kicked me, scratched me, and tried to bite me; and she threw down a bag, with seventeen sovereigns in it, which I now produce—the prosecutor claimed it—I sent for a policeman—I kept the prisoners in the tap-room about ten minutes, and then left them there—I gave a description of them, and they were afterwards taken—I am certain of both the prisoners being the women who came out of the privy—I am barman at the house.





THOMAS CONNOR
. I am a policeman. I apprehended Scanbury on the 9th of August—I was on duty in Commercial-road—a boy came and said I was wanted at the Commercial Coffee-house—I went, and found the robberry had been committed, and the prisoners absconded—I did not find the prisoner till nine o'clock that evening, when I apprehended her in the same house before the bar.





JAMES HENRY ANDREWS
. I am a policeman. I apprehended George on the 11th of August, at a brothel, in bed with a man—I told her I wanted her for robbing a man of 17l., and to get up and dress—she did so—she then took hold of the man round his neck, kissed him, and told him it would be the last time she should sleep with him, and it was all up with her.





WILLIAM WARDLE

re-examined. I know the bag—I had mentioned what money was in it before it was produced—Scanbury was on the side where the purse was—they were both busy about my pockets.

Scanbury's Defence. The man has sworn falsely.

George's Defence. The man was in liquor—when I came into the house, this woman, and two men intoxicated were fighting—I had a tub of oysters on my head, and set them on the table—the man asked me for 2s. worth oysters, which I opened—he went down the lawn, and called me down, and tore my cap—this woman went with me—I would not go down without her—he was very intoxicated—he said he would give me a soverreign to drink a pint of rum quite off, and he gave me the money.





WILLIAM WARDLE

re-examined. They asked me for some oysters, which I gave them—I paid for them with silver—George was not selling the oysters—it was another man.

SCANBURY—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.

GEORGE—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.




Transported for Seven Years.
