





Second London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
159. 
               
                  
                     ELIAS 
                     LEVY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving of an evil disposed person, on the 29th of October
, one 50l. Bank note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph Thomas 
                           Chidwick
                        




                     
                  , well knowing the same to have been stolen
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  THOMAS CHIDWICK
               



            . I am a chemist and druggist
, and live at No. 22. Houndsditch


. I had seen this 50l. note in my possession, on the Tuesday or Wednesday previous to Thursday, the 25th of October, when I missed it; it was in a bag in an iron safe, in my counting-house: the iron chest was locked part of the day - I opened it, when I wanted a book, and I might have left the counting-house, leaving the key in the chest; it must have been taken out of the iron chest - I stopped it at the Bank, and advertised it; it was No. 9295, dated September the 1st, 1832 - I have not seen it since; I never saw the prisoner before, the Bank note was lost - I received information from Jones, and went to his house on the Monday following; I went to the prisoner's house twice, but did not see him - I then applied to Prendergrass, and he went with me to a street in which was the court, the prisoner lived in; I waited in the street while he went to the prisoner's house.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. I believe you first considered the note was accidentally lost? A. My confidence in my servants was so great, I could not make up my mind that it was stolen, and having had it in my pocket a day or two after I received it, I thought I must have lost it, and advertised it accordingly, offering 10l. reward, and stating the number, date, and amount - it was to be brought to Mr. Biggs, No. 41, Hounsditch (looking at a newspaper, dated 27th of October) this is the advertisement; I afterwards had reason to alter my opinion; I missed the note late on the night of the 25th; I called at the prisoner's house on the Monday after the advertisement, in consequence of a communication from Mr. Jones and Mr. Biggs; I found Levy was not at home; I left word for the prisoner that I called about the 50l. note, and he called at my house the following day - I had called on him twice, but had not seen him.
Q. Did he state to you that he knew nothing about the 50l. note? A. He did not - my memory will not enable me to recollect what was said; he said something about a porter who formerly lived with me; he merely said, "I have come about this 50l. note; have you a porter in your employ named 
               B. Lee
            ;" I said,"I have;" the prisoner was a perfect stranger to me - Prendergrass had been to his house that morning.


                  RICHARD 
                  JONES
               



            . I live with my uncle in Raven row, Spitalfields - he is a grocer. On Friday, the 26th of October, Mrs. Battye came to the shop about three or four o'clock in the afternoon with a 50l. note in her hand, and asked our young man to give her change - I gave her change for it - I knew her before perfectly well; I did not know of the prosecutor's loss then - she bought nothing - I gave her the full change; on Saturday morning, I saw an advertisement in the Times respecting the note; I sent for Mr. Levy, who I knew before - Battye had said she had come from Levy; the prisoner came into the shop - I asked him to walk into the counting-house, which he did; I said to him "I gave you the change for a 50l. note on Saturday, which I hope you will give me back;" he said, "What is the matter? is it a forged one?" I said,"No, but I hope and trust you will give it me back;" he said, "I will give you 20l. which I have in my pocket-book, and will go and fetch you the rest directly;" this was about nine o'clock in the morning; he gave me the 20l. and then asked me what was the matter - I said, "It is a lost note, and you will get something by it now, for there is 10l. reward offered for it;" he went and brought me the 30l. and I returned him the note; I am certain it was the same number and date as the note advertised - I compared them before I delivered it to him - he said he should take it back to the person; I said, "You will get the 10l. reward;" he said he wanted to get nothing by it -(he is a master boot and shoemaker) I said to him,"How did you come by it;" he said, that he and another picked it up in Houndsditch on the Thursday morning - he did not say who the other person was - I did not ask him; when I gave him the note, he followed it up, and pointed out where it had been trod den upon - it had either been trod on, or got dirty in a person's pocket - I have never seen the note since; my uncle was out of town - he returned late on the Saturday evening; I mentioned this to him on the Sunday - I went to Levy on the Monday morning, and said, "Well Mr. Levy, have you taken back the note" - he said,"Yes, I gave it to the person I took it of;" he did not say who that was; I said, "I thought you meant to take it back to the person who lost it" he said he did not mean any such thing as that, but meant to give it to the person he had it from - and said he would give me the person's address from whom he had it, but heshould like to see the person first himself - he said he could not see him till after nine o'clock at night, as he was out to work, and after that he would call on me at half-past nine - he did not call; I did not receive from him any address or description of the other person, till I was at the Police-office - he was taken up the next day; I went twice on the Monday with Mr. Chidwick, but he was not at home; Mr. Levy called on me on Tuesday morning, about ten o'clock, and said,"What do you want with me, Mr. Jones?" I said,"I do not want you," hut said that Mr. Biggs or Mr Chidwick wanted to see him respecting the note; he went away, saying he would go there - I did not see him again till he was at the office.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. He said he would go to Mr. Biggs? A. To him or Mr. Chidwick; I cannot say which he meant - I did not think myself entitled to any of the reward; had I not known him to be a respectable man I should not have given change - he lives in a private house; he came to me with the change - and afterwards on the Tuesday - I believe he went to the Police-office of his own accord - he went with Biggs and Chidwick; I had known Mrs. Battye some years - there was no concealment where she brought the note from; I stated at the second examination about his saying he had picked the note up - I did not think it necessary to state it before, but at the second examination the Magistrate asked what he said; I did not go to Mr. Biggs when I saw the advertisement, because I gave 
               Levy
             the opportunity - I should have thought it very unhandsome to have gone without seeing Levy; I had a right to the 50l. back - there was nothing to prevent his absconding if he thought proper; the Magistrate admitted him to bail at the third examination, and he has surrendered here.
COURT. Q. Did you ever see the 50l. note after you returned it to the prisoner? A. Never.


                  JANE 
                  BATTYE
               



            . I live at No. 2, Dolphin-court, Ravenrow, Spitalfields; I have known Levy about three years and a half. On Friday, the 26th of October, I received this 50l. note from him - he said if he had change for that note he would pay my husband what he owed him; he lives next door to me - he owed my husband 10s. 6d.; I took the note to Jones, to get change, the same day - I had known 
               Jones
             a long time; I got change for it, and took it home to my own room - I gave it to Levy; he did not pay me the 10s. 6d. - I did not speak to him about it; he has not paid it, to my knowledge - I did not ask how he came by the note, nor did he tell me; he went out of the room, and I did not see any thing more of him till Prendergrass fetched me; I went to the office, and was examined there; I do not know how he got the note.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. I believe he is in a large way of business? A. Yes - he employs a good many people; I work for him - he came to my room on this occasion; I did not go to him - he did not tell me to go to Jones, nor ask me to get change; he held the note in his hand, and said if he had change for it he would pay my husband - I took it out of his hand, and got change; he did not desire me to conceal it - I am well known in the neighbourhood to be in his employ; I brought him forty sovereigns and two 5l. notes - I did not ask where he got the note; I should consider him too respectable for that.
Q. Do you remember his saying, "This is not mine?" A. Yes - I remember his saying those words when he took the change out of my hand.
COURT. Q. Did he say whose it was? A. No; I should have gone for the change if he had asked me, if he had said nothing about paying my husband; I am in the habit of going to Jones for change.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BLUMSON
               



            . I live at No. 6, Tillet-street, Tenter-ground, Spitalfields: my husband is a carpenter. On going up to Mr. Lee's room on Sunday afternoon(he lodged in the some house as me) I found Mr. and Mrs. Lee much agitated, and asked what was the matter - the prisoner was not present; I never saw him with them.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You have a room of your own? A. Yes - Lee and his wife have a separate apartment; Lee showed me a 50l. note on Sunday afternoon, the 28th of October.
Q. Did you see the 50l. note? A. Yes - he held it in his hand, and I read it in his hand; it was dated the 1st of Sept., 1832 - I did not observe the number; Lee is a journeyman cabinet-maker - I knew he worked in Houndsditch; I have not seen him since the Sunday evening - he eloped that night, and the wife went on Monday; he did not change his clothes after showing me the note.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PRENDERGRASS
               



            . I am an officer. On Tuesday, the 30th of October, the prisoner surrendered himself to me at Lambeth-street office; I told him there was information laid at the office about his having a 50l. note, and questioned him - he said he should not state any thing to me, but before the Magistrate he would state the particulars.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Perhaps you know the character of the prisoner? A. I have made inquiry, and find he bears a very honest industrious character - he surrendered at the office; I did not see the prosecutor with him then, but I did almost immediately after; he made a statement at the office - I had been to his house with Mr. Chidwick about half-past ten o'clock on Tuesday morning; he was not at home - I saw his brother, and left a message for him, that I had called about the note, and he surrendered in about two hours.


                  EDWARD 
                  WILLIAM LILLEY
               



            . I am a tallow-chandler, and live in Raven-row, Spitalfields. On Saturday, the 27th of October, about nine o'clock in the morning, Mr. Jones brought the Times newspaper to me, and desired me to step into the house, which I did; while I was there Levy came in - I went into the counting-house with him and Jones; Levy put down 30l. in gold, which made 50l. altogether on the table, as there were two 5l. notes and 10l. in gold laying on the table previous to my going in -I took a 50l. note in my hands which laid on the table, and said to Levy, "This note is advertised - of course you know who you took it of;" he said, "I found it;" he took the note in his hands, and doubled it twice, putting a soiled part to the back of it - and said that to ascertain whether it was good, he had sent to Mr. Jones for change; I held the newspaper in my hand, and said, "If you found this note you have the claim for the reward;" I put the newspaper before him, and showed him the address where it was to be taken to, and with that we separated - he said he had found it; I have not seen the note since - he didnot say when he had found it, nor whether he was alone at the time.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you mean to say the questions were put to him by you, and not Jones? A. I put them as I have stated; I do not recollect Jones putting any questions - I am certain my questions and answers are correct; I made no memorandum of them, but am sure I am correct - I am certain he said he found the note: I was there the whole time - I was not precisely attending to all that passed, but what I have said is correct; I attended to no other part of the conversation - the whole might occupy fifteen minutes.
Prisoner's Defence. The only remark that will fall from me is simply this - Mr. Lee called on me on Friday afternoon, and asked me to obtain for him change for a 50l. note, which I did, and on Saturday morning Jones told me it was advertised; I immediately returned him the change, and told him I should take the note and return it to Lee, who I had it from.
RHIMA LEVY. I am the prisoner's mother. I remember Lee being at my son's house on the last Sunday in October, and I myself gave Lee the 50l. note which I fetched down from my drawer; my son had given it to me the day before, when he received it from Jones; I cannot say at what time I gave it to Lee - it was between light and dark; I got the 50l. note from a drawer, where I put it when my son gave it to me, when he came back from Mr. Jones'; when I gave the note to Lee I told him he should go and receive the reward - he then left the house; Moses Levy and Catherine Abrahams were present.
COURT. Q. When did you first get the 50l. note? A. On the Saturday, the day before; I cannot read, nor can I read writing at all - I knew it was a 50l. note, because I knew the number; I cannot remember the number.
Q. How did you know the number, if you cannot read? A. I cannot tell - I knew there was a reward offered, because my son had read the paper, and sent Lee to go and get it - my son was present when I gave the note to Lee - I had never seen the fellow before - my son was never acquainted with him I am certain; he knew his wife, by her binding shoes for him - I did not know he was her husband; my son said, "Get down the note mother, and give it to this man; it is his, and he found it." - I did not go to the office with my son on Tuesday; I cannot say when I first gave this account - I am so forgetful and aged - I have not seen Lee nor the note since -Abrahams is my niece - she and Mr. Levy were present when I gave the note to Lee, and told him to go and get the reward.
Q. Did you afterward inquire if Lee had got the reward? A. Yes, when Mr. Jones came on Monday morning - I do not know where Lee lived - my son knew.


                  MOSES 
                  LEVY
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother, and live in the same house with him - I am a boot and shoemaker, but our business is separate. I do not know how the note came into his possession; I was at his house on Sunday, the 28th; I did not know Lee personally, but there came a knock at the door in the morning - I opened it, and a man was there - I asked what he wanted; he said, "It is of no great consequence, I wanted to see your brother;" - my brother was not at home; he did not go away - he did not see my brother; he went away, and returned again - my brother was not at home then - he came again in the evening part, and saw my brother between four and five o'clock - my brother had not come home the second time, but when he went out he met him, and they both returned together - my brother said,"Mother, you know the 50l. note I gave you yesterday morning - go up stairs and fetch it, and give it to Mr. Lee;" - my mother went up, fetched the note, and delivered it into Mr. Lee's hands; I had no opportunity of seeing what note it was, nor the amount; I could see it was a note; my brother said to Mr. Lee, "There is a reward for this note of 10l.; go to Mr. Biggs, No. 41, Houndsditch, and be sure to receive the reward" - I did not know Lee nor his wife, nor where they lived.
COURT. At what time did your brother return with Lee on Sunday? A. Between four and five o'clock; I cannot say what sort of a day it was; it was between light and dark on the 28th; I did not ask to look at the note; my mother can read, but not well; she cannot read writing; she can read a plain book; I had a candle at that time to do my work; I was at work in the opposite room; the transaction took up about four or five minutes; it was on the ground floor - I did not learn from my brother where the Lee's lived; when the inquiry was made, I understood they lived at the Tenter-ground; my mother is rather infirm; I went with my brother to the office; I did not go with him, but I was at the office; he was there about half an hour before me - I cannot say at what time I went there; it was before dinner - we dine sometimes at three, and sometimes at two o'clock; I had no communication with the Justice - I was in the office when my brother was there, but not when he was held to bail.
Q. Did you leave your brother without seeing the end of it? A. I was rather too late; he had been held to bail before I got there; he did not walk home with me; Mr. Levy and Mr. Thomas were his bail - I gave no account of this at the office; I gave this account previously, when the brief was drawn up; I was not present when the brief was drawn up, but I was when it was finished - that was last Thursday; I did not mention this to any body from the Tuesday, when my brother surrendered, down to the 28th of November; my brother did not show me the note.
Q. Did you ever tell Mr. Jones or Mr. Chidwick they were very wrong in thinking your brother had received the note, knowing it to be stolen, because he had returned it to Lee? A. No.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you ever see Jones or Chidwick after the Sunday? A. I saw Jones on Monday evening, and told him the note was delivered to Lee then.
COURT. Q. You said before that you had not mentioned it till the brief was drawn, last Thursday? A. I mean I did not speak to any body about the concern till the brief was made out - I mentioned it to nobody but Jones: I did not understand you before.
MR. BODKIN. Q. After your brother was held to bail, was there any further hearing, or was the whole business finished that day? A. He was twice before the Magistrate: first on Wednesday, and again on the Thursday - he was only at the office once.

Q. Was it on the Tuesday after the Sunday that you went to the office, found you were too late, and that your brother was held to bail? A. Yes; there was an examination on the Saturday following - he was held to bail on the Thursday; I was not present when he was bailed, and cannot exactly say when it was; I was there only on the Tuesday - he did not come home then, but was detained: he was not bailed that day - I mentioned nothing at the office, as I did not hear any thing about it then; I knew he was in custody on suspicion of having the note, but said nothing at the office of what I knew.


                  RICHARD 
                  JONES
               



            . I saw the witness on the Monday evening - when I called at Levy's house; he said the 50l. had been returned to the party his brother had it from.
COURT. Q. Did he name the party? A. No; I saw him at the office on Tuesday - he said nothing about it there.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you tell the Magistrate what he had said? A. No.


                  CATHERINE 
                  ABRAHAMS
               



            . I was at Mr. Levy's house on Saturday, the 28th of October - I was present when Mrs. Levy delivered the 50l. note into Mr. Lee's hands, by desire of her son; I did not know Lee before; I was sitting with the prisoner's mother, and saw the prisoner come in - nothing passed then; a man came in, ten minutes or a quarter of an hour after, and Levy said to his mother, "Mother, this is the man the 50l. note belongs to; fetch it down, and give it to him, and he will go and receive the reward;" the name of Lee was mentioned, or else I did not know him - Lee went away, but Levy told him to deliver the note to Biggs, and he would get the 10l. reward.
COURT. Q. You say Levy was at home - is he your brother? A. No, my cousin - he had been at home, as near as I can guess, about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour before Lee came in; it was a little before five o'clock - I am quite sure Levy had been at home ten minutes or a quarter of an hour before Lee came - it was about that, not above ten minutes; nobody came into the house with Lee - I am certain Levy did not come in with him; I am positive of it - I saw the note in Mrs. Levy's hands when she brought it down stairs; I saw a 50l. note in her hands - she said it was 50l.; I had not the note in my hands - I saw it near enough to know it was a 50l. note, but not to see the number; I am certain it was a 50l. note; I did not read the note, but when Lee took it in his hand, he said, "Oh, this is the 50l. note," and Levy said, "Mind you go and receive the reward of 10l.;" I could see the mark of 50l. on it.
Q. How was it marked? A. The same as notes are - in figures, I think, but I did not notice it.
Q. If you did not notice it how can you tell it was a 50l. note? A. Because at the time I saw it I could explain it, but I did not know I should be called on about it.
Q. Did you see "fifty" in words or figures? A. I do not exactly recollect; Mr. Lee looked over it twice, and repeated that it was 50l.
Q. He might tell you a falsehood? A. That is not my fault; the prisoner said, "Here is the 50l. note - mind you take it, and receive the 10l.;" he said, "I will certainly take it where you tell me, and come back and let you know;" I was not living at the prisoner's at the time, but am more there than at home - I did not go to the office; I knew nothing of it till he was bailed - I was then very angry, and said, "Why did not you send to me in Leman-street, and I would have come?" I did not know he was in trouble at all.
Q. Did you see Levy come into the house or into the room? A. I saw him come into the room where I was, through the street door, and in ten minutes after Lee came - I am certain Levy came in ten minutes before Lee.
JURY. Q. Was Levy in the room with you ten minutes before Lee? A. He was - he might have gone into another room for a minute or two, but there was nobody in the house but Mr. Levy, me, his mother, and brother; I am certain he must have been in the house ten minutes before Lee came.



               GUILTY
            . - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
