



750. 




JOSEPH PENMAN
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the warehouse of 



Charles Gier White and others, on the 
27th of February, at 
All Saints, Poplar, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 chocolate-pot, value 4s.; 5 coffee-biggins, value 2l. 3s.; 5 tea-pots, value 18s.; 86 knives, value 2l.; 86 forks, value 30s.; 35 spoons, value 7s.; and 1 bag, value 6d.; their goods.






THOMAS ENSUM
 (police-constable K 53.) I was on duty in Emmett-street, Poplar, on the night of the 27th of February, at ten o'clock—after passing Mr. White's warehouse, in Ferry-road, I heard a noise of rustling of paper—I turned round, and saw the prisoner come out of Mr. White's warehouse with a bag on his back—on seeing me he dropped it, and ran any towards Garford-street—I pursued, and secured him at the top of the street—just before that he tripped, and his hat came off—on getting up, he ran on without his hat, and at the end of the street I secured him—he straggled, and struck me twice, and bit me through the arm—I fell to the ground, and another officer came to my assistance—I went to Mr. White's warehouse, and found the bag four or five feet from the door—Mr. White came, and claimed the property in the bag—it was tea and coffee-pots—when I took the prisoner to the station-house he said he was not the thief—I never lost sight of him.

Prisoner. He must have lost sight of me in turning a corner. Witness. I did not, as I was close to him, having gained ground on him—no one was running besides him.





CHARLES GIER WHITE
. I am an anchorsmith, and live in Emmett-street, Ferry-road, in the parish of All Saints, Poplar. I am in partner-ship with three others—one front of the warehouse is in Emmett-street, and the other in Ferry-road—my dwelling-house is separate from the warehouse—on the 27th of February, at half past eleven o'clock, I was called by the policeman, and found the prisoner in his custody, and a bag with property in it, which I immediately identified as mine—it had been in my warehouse—the door appeared to have been opened from within, and there was an inner door forced—the warehouse had been entered by the internal Door—a person might have got to the internal door without breaking, but not through it—it was broken—the pannel to which the hasp was attached

tached was broken out—the bag contained the articles stated, which have my marks on them.





WILLIAM PHILLIP LASH
. I am foreman to White and Co. I was called to the warehouse about eleven o'clock on the 27th of February, and saw the prisoner in custody—I could identify the contents of the bag—one parcel, in particular, had my private mark on it—I knew the prisoner before—he is a blacksmith—he had called on that day to ask for a job—he had previously worked for my employers—I told him we were very slack, and could not give him a job—I observed the internal door, and it was safe about six o'clock in the evening—the key was left inside the door—there are two doors—one I locked and put the key of it in my cupboard, and another door, communicating with the street, I locked, and took the key to the dwelling-house about half-past seven o'clock, when I left the premises safe.





JAMES HAYLEY
. I saw the warehouse on the night of the 27th—I fastened every bolt, lock, and bar perfectly safe about five minutes after six o'clock that night—a person could get through the first door by taking down a bar which I put up across the door—that must be done inside the premises.

MR. WHITE
re-examined. The warehouse it connected with a smithery there are shutters in that place to admit air—they shut down at night, but we are not particular in fastening them, and by getting through a person might get to the internal door.

Prisoner's Defence. I was passing up Mill-wall, and could not get across the water to go to my lodging—on returning back I saw the door open, and went towards it, and as I came by the shop the policeman called after me and I ran away—I could have got away from him altogether if I had wished, but when I dropped my hat I stopped to pick it up.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
