




2248. 



THOMAS COLEGATE
 was again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
7th of June, 30 yards of corduroy, value 2l. 5s., the goods of 



Richard Hodgson and another, his masters; and 





WITHERS COLEGATE



 for feloniously inciting him to commit the said felony.






RICHARD HODGSON
. I have one partner—we keep a Manchester ware-house, in Watling-street. The prisoner Thomas Colegate was in our service—he would be on our premises from nine o'clock in the morning till eight in the evening, and had no opportunity of carrying on a business without neglecting ours—he appeared very attentive—he was out sometimes.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Was Mr. Elmsley a customer of your house? A. Yes.





EDWIN BLUNDKN
. I am an officer. I got this piece of corduroy from Mr. Houghton on the morning of the 12th of July—Houghton said he got it from Thomas Colegate—Withers Colegate came in, and Houghton asked him whether he knew any thing of these, as the officers said they were stolen—he said no.





PHILIP PARISH
. I am an officer. I went to Hough ton's with Blunden—while we were there Withers Colegate came into the room, and Houghton said to him, "The officers say these goods are stolen, do you know any thing of them?"—he said, "I do not"—I said, "Are you the brother of Thomas Colegate?"—he said, "Yes"—I asked him where he resided—he said, "At No. 3, Shaftsbury-place, Aldersgate-street"—I said, "My information is that you live in Devonshire-street, and are carrying ona business there"—he said, "No, it was my brother's business—I have been carrying it on, but have left him this week past"—he said nothing

about having any books about him, but I found these books on searching him—he did not say that he had brought any bundle there that morning—I found no cord of this description at Devonshire-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you go to the house in Devonshire-street? A. Yes—there were a few invoices found there, but not relating to any of these goods.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were there any books found in Devonshire-street? A. Yes, a ledger and a day-book—Mr. Angell has examined the ledger.





JOSEPH HOUGHTON
. On the 4th of June, Withers Colegate called on me as he was going by, as was his usual practice—I knew he was managing a business for his brother, but I did not know where—I knew his brother was in the service of Messrs. Hodgson and Co., as a warehouseman—I told Withers Colegate that I was about going off to buy some cord of my draper—he said, "My brother Thomas sells cord, you may as well have it of him"—I said, "Oh, does he?"—I told him I should not want it for two days or so, and to enquire of his brother what price it would be—he called on the following morning, and told me I had better see his brother, and I went to Mr. Hodgson's warehouse, and saw Thomas Colegate there—I took him a pattern of some cord, and asked what he would do me the same sort of cord at—he told me from 20d. to 22d.—that he had not any just then; but he would let me have it in the course of the morrow, if possible—it did not come the next day, and I sent my lad with a note, to say, that if it was not convenient to let me have it by five o'clock that afternoon, I must buy some, as I wanted it—he sent word back that I should have it about three o'clock in the afternoon, and it came by Court, Mr. Hodgson's porter—I asked Court for an invoice of it—he told me he had none—I asked if he knew the price—he said, he did not—I had no invoice—I paid for it in the way of trade, as I have done for the other things—Withers Colegate called on me the morning after I had it—that was on the 6th or the 7th—I cannot exactly say the day—I asked him if he had brought me a bill of the cord—he said, no his brother Thomas could not let me have it under 2s.—I said, I did not much object to that, as it was a good one, and I could not get it cheaper of my draper—I told him to tell his brother to make me out a bill—on the 12th of July, Withers came to my house before the officers came—he said, he wanted to leave a few things, which were afterwards delivered to the officer.





JAMES STEVENS
. I am one of the prosecutor's porters. On the 7th of June, Thomas Colegate desired me to cut him thirty yards of cord—he told me the price of the piece, and where it laid—I went there and cut it off—he told me I must take it or send it to Mr. Houghton, a tailor in Jewin-street, and I told Court it was to go—I have told my master of this since—I had a suspicion at the time that it was out of the course of business, and not entered.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Why did not you tell your master? A. Because I wished to be more certain—I did not know whether it was right or wrong—I thought it was irregular, because all the people were at dinner but me and Court—I do not recollect that he told me at the time to remind him to make an entry of it—he asked me to give him the number, and I gave it him, and the length, and price.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was there plenty of opportunity for him himself to make an entry of it A. Certainly there was.





GEORGE COURT
. Thomas Colegate gave me the cord, and told me to

take it to Mr. Hough ton's, No. 3, Jewin-street—I delivered it—he did not give me a bill—as I was returning from delivering the cord, I met Thomas Colgate in the Old Change—I said "Mr. Houghton wanted an invoice"—he said he would see him, and make all right.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was it not your duty to mark a book, to shew that you delivered the goods? A. I looked for its being entered in the book, and could not see it—I spoke to my fellow-servant about it—I did not speak to my master.





JOHN ANGELL
. I am a warehouseman to the prosecutor's. They deal in articles of corduroy like this—they have always a stock on hand—I have examined the books for the purpose of seeing whether there is any sale to any person of this cord—a part of it was cut off for a customer named Wakefield, and that is entered—the remainder I cannot find entered on our books at all—I have examined the books found on Withers Colegate—there is no entry in them of the purchase of any goods of any body—there were three books found at Devonshire-street—they do not contain any entry of purchases, but are all sales.





RICHARD HODGSON
.re-examined. I think these books are not Thomas Colgate's writing—there may be some lines of his writing, but the generality is not his—this ledger is partly in his writing, and partly not—this day-book has some of his writing in it—I have looked through the bills of parcels which were found in Devonshire-street—there are no goods in our line of business bought since December—nineteen out of twenty of the things found in that place, bore our mark; and I could trace no connexion between any of the goods found there, and any of the invoices, except two small remnants of print.





SAMUEL EMSLEY
. I know the prisoner Thomas Colegate, by seeing him at Mr. Hodgson's—I have heard him called Thomas, but I did not know his name—I did not know Withers Colegate till about the 15th of March—he then made himself known to me by the name of William Purkis—he said his brother's name was Robert Purkis, and he was at Manchester—I had not the least idea that he was the brother of Thomas Colegate.

THOMAS COLEGATE—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.




WITHERS COLEGATE—
GUILTY. Aged 20.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.
—



Confined for One Year.
