





2015. 
               
                  
                     CAROLINE 
                     HUGHES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of August
, 1 shirt, value 15d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Parry
                  




               
            .


                  PHOEBE 
                  PARRY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Parry
               



             -we live in Playhouse-yard


; I keep the whole house-a neighbour gave me information - I turned my head and missed the shirt from the ironing-board; I found the prisoner at Worship-street with it; she occasionally called at my house - she is married, but does not live with her husband; it was taken while I left my house for two minutes, as a girl had fetched me.


                  SARAH 
                  PRICE
               



            . I live in Playhouse-yard. I knew the prisoner by sight before this; a girl was sent to tell the prosecutrix she was wanted, and while she was gone I saw the prisoner go inside the door, and put something into her apron - I am quite certain she held her apron up when she went in; I saw her take something white off the ironing-board, and put it into her apron-I went over and told Parry of it; the prisoner was taken in charge at the time for another robbery -I saw her at Worship-street when the shirt was produced.


                  EDMUND 
                  HARGRAVE
               



            . I took the prisoner into custody on the 18th on another charge - I found her in a privy belonging to a court; she ran into the privy on seeing me - I followed her in; this shirt was put into the privy, but would not go down, in consequence of the spont.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the shirt; I did not go farther than the prosecutrix's door, and asked the little girl to go to call her out - I asked if her husband had seen mine - I was taken ill, and went into the privy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
