



54. 




JOHN GRICE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of October, 2 coats, value 3l.; 5 waistcoats, value 1l. 13s.; 6 pairs of trowsers, value 3l.; 3 pairs of drawers, value 15s.; 1 shirt, value 3s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 2 collars, value 2s.; 1 pair of braces, value 2s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 3s.; 4 boxes, value 1l. 13s.; 2 inkstands, value 2s.; 3 pocketbooks, value 2s.; 1 cigar-case, value 1s.; 2 razors, value 5s.; 1 razorsstrop, value 1s. 6d.; and 1 hone, value 6d.; the goods of 



Charles Gilman, in the dwelling-house of 



William Pryor.






CHARLES GILMAN
. I am an articled apprentice to Mr. Pryor, a tailor, in Baltic-street, and live in the house. I kept my box in the back room where I slept—it contained the articles stated—which were worth from 11l. to 13l.—I am quite sure they were worth more than 5l.—I saw it safe after six o'clock on the evening of the 25th of October—I went out, and returned after eight o'clock, when I missed it—the prisoner is also an apprentice of Mr. Pryor's—he did not sleep in the same room with me—he had nothing to do with the room—one man could not carry the box—it would require two—it was on the ground floor—I saw my things again next day at Worship-street, and the lid of the box—the body of the box was broken up—one coat is missing.


Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did the prisoner live in the house? A. Yes, ever since I have been there, which is four years—he conducted himself well.





JOHN DAVIES
 (police-constable 157.) On the 25th, I went with Pryor to Baltic-street, and took the prisoner—as we were going to the station-house, he said, voluntarily, "If I had known this, I would not have come home to night"—next day, he said he had nothing to do with the box till it was in Smithfield—that two men took it down there, and he was to give two men 17s. for taking it down on Saturday night—I went to No. 2, Cock-court, Snow-hill, having information, and found all the property produced there, in the room of a man named Divine—I found the lid of the box and part of the body—it had been on the fire—the clothes were concealed in a child's cradle, and in different places about—in going down to the office the same day, I told the prisoner he need not say any thing except he liked, but there was one coat missing—he said, "I took the whole of the property to No. 2, Cock-court."

Cross-examined. Q. How far is Smithfield from Baltic-street? A. Half a mile and better.





WILLIAM PRYOR
. I live in Baltic-street, St. Luke's. The prisoner has been my apprentice about four years and a half—the prosecutor was articled to me for three years—they both slept in the house—the prosecutor slept in my back parlour—I discovered the property was gone about nine o'clock on the 25th of October—I went to Cock-court on the 26th, and found it—I had gone to bed a little before eight o'clock.





JOHN NETHERCLIFFE
. On the 25th of October, between six and nine o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner and another carrying a square box between them in Playhouse-yard, a very short distance from the prosecutor's—they appeared to come in a direction from Whitecross-street—they could have gone that way from Baltic-street—it is not the best way—it is further round—I am sure the prisoner is one who had hold of the box.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you tell the Magistrate it was in Playhouse-yard you saw them? A. Yes—I said I lived there—I am errand-boy to Mr. Cross, of Charter-house-square—I was never charged with any offence, nor taken up; I swear that—Whitecross-street is about a sixth of a mile from Smithfield—I did not tell the Magistrate that I saw them at a post in Golden-lane—I am quite sure I said I saw them in Playhouse-yard—it was taken down and read over to me.

COURT. Q. Would Smithfield be in the way from Playhouse-yard to Cock-court? A. Yes.





CHARLOTTE PRYOR
. I am the wife of William Pryor. On the evening of the 25th of October I went out about a quarter past six or seven o'clock, and returned about half past nine—my husband was then gone to bed—I did not see the prisoner till ten or half past ten o'clock—the box was then gone—when he sat down, I said, "John, we have had a heavy loss to-night"—he said, "What is that?"—I said, "Charles's box is gone!"—he said, "That could not go by one alone, there must be two in that, or else be must be a very strong man"—I said a stranger could not do it—I was confident it must be somebody who knew the apartment—it had been standing there two years and a half, and I never lost any thing before.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there any thing to prevent a person acquainted with the premises from telling others where the box might be found? A. Certainly not.
(Property produced and sworn to.)






JOHN NETHERCLIFFE

re-examined. Q. What time did you see him in Play-house-yard? A. Between six and nine o'clock—I cannot speak nearer than that—I go home to tea at six o'clock in the evening, and get back at half past six—I do not think it was during that time—I cannot tell where I was at seven o'clock, I was at so many places in the course of the day—when I leave work, between eight and nine o'clock, I go back home—I cannot tell whether it was the last time I came, or the first that I saw him. (John Joslyn, coffee-shop keeper of Smithfield, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY of stealing under the value of 5l.—Aged 19. 


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.

