





2025. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STEPTOE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 17th of September
, 60lbs. weight of mutton, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Buckett
                        




                     
                  , well knowing the same to have been stoken
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  CHARLES 
                  CAPEL
               



            . I am servant to Mr. John Buckett; he is a London salesman


. On the 8th of September he sent fifty-three sheep by me to Southall - I put them into Mr. Hawkins' field, and on the 15th two of them were missing; they had been penned in a field - I remember the marks on their skins; one was pitched brand on the hip in a star, and the ram was marked on the head, the shoulder, and rump, with red ochre.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you take them there? A. No; I told out fifty-three, and sent them there - I turned them out at Southall, and desired them to be sent to Hawkins' field - I did not mark them myself; they were not all marked alike - I had driven them to market, and turned them out at Southall; I had told the patrol the mark of the skin before I saw it; I am sure this is the skin of one of them - (looking at it.)


                  ROBERT 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . The sheep were brought to me on the 8th of September - I saw them in my field, but I do not think they were penned up; I did not put them into my field, but I counted them three times - the gate was shut; I think the last time I saw them was on the 11th - there were then fifty-three.
Cross-examined. Q. Were they penned in the field? A. No; the gate was shut, but I believe there was no lock- the gate was not swinging about; there is a hedge round the field.


                  ROBERT 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I know Mr. Baxter's field, which is a quarter of a mile from Mr. Hawkin's - I found two sheep skins and eight feet there; I brought them home, and gave them to the constable.


                  ROBERT 
                  SIMMONS
               



            , SEN. I am the father of this little boy - he brought home the sheep skins, and I looked in the field the next morning, and found the dug under an oak tree.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HIGGS
               



            . I am a patrol. I heard of the loss of the sheep, and on the 17th of September I saw two men on the road with potatoes, and followed them to the prisoner's house- I saw the prisoner, and told him as I had followed these men, and found stolen property in his house, I should insist upon searching the house - he put himself in an attitude of resistance, and said I should not, he would sooner lose his life - I said I would search; he then begged I would allow time for his wife to dress herself - I said I would, and I waited a sufficient time for that; I then heard a bustle, and went up stairs - the prisoner was not in the room; I asked his wife what she had in bed with her; she said, "Nothing but myself and my child;" the prisoner had been up once or twice to dress himself, and to tell his wife to dress - I then saw in the room a pan and a small piece of mutton in it, and some droppings of brine from the pan towards the bed - I said I should search the bed- his wife began to cry; I searched, and under the bed I found the mutton - I asked the prisoner how he came by it - he said he bought it on Tuesday night; I said, "Who did you buy it of?" he said, "I don't know the man by name, but I should know him if I saw him;" I said,"Did you buy the whole carcase?" he said Yes: I said,"Was the head and skin to it?" he stopped a few seconds and then said, "It is of no use telling a lie, my brother brought it here on Tuesday night" - this is the skin of the ram.
Cross-examined. Q. Then you did not follow the prisoner to his house? A. No - it was a quarter-past two o'clock in the morning; he came down undressed, except his shirt - he refused to let me search his house without a warrant - I waited eight or ten minutes; there is one room up stairs and one down - I shut the door of the house, and locked it; I had an officer outside - the prisoner went up stairs once or twice, and I should think he had time to put the meat under the bed; I had his brother in custody, and he called out, "Jack, it is of no use;" I think I have told the precise words he used, as near as I can - I am sure he did not say it was bought; he at first said he bought it, and then said his brother had bought it - I had not his brother then in custody; he had made his escape on account of the potatoes - I have the skin in my possession, and it has been so ever since; I showed that and the mutton that I had found.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you quite sure he said it was of no use telling a lie? A. Yes.


                  SAMUEL 
                  OWEN
               



            . I am a butcher, and have been forty-four years in the business. I was shown the ram skin, and compared the pieces of mutton with it - I have no doubt whatever that the mutton belonged to that skin; it wasnot cut up in a butcher-like way by any means - there was a small bit of skin on the mutton.


                  THOMAS 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a butcher. I have seen the skin and the mutton - I have no doubt it belonged to that skin.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
