





460. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Charles William Stevens 
                           Paget
                        




                     
                  , on the 19th of February
, about the hour of six o'clock in the night, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 6 bed-curtains, value 6s.; 22 doyleys, value 2s.; 2 pair of gloves, value 6d.; 8 nightcaps, value 6d.; 1 shawl, value 1s. 6d.; 3 pocket-handkerchiefs, value 9d.; and 1 bag, value 1s.; the goods of Charles William Stevens Paget
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  WALLER
               



             (City-police-constable, No. 71). On Wednesday evening, the 19th of February, I saw the prisoner in Holborn, at nearly half-past six o'clock, with this bag - I asked what he had got - he said he did not know, he was going to sell them for old rags - I asked where he brought them from - he said, from No. 20, Plough-court, Fetter-lane, where he said he lodged with his mother, in the second-floor back-room - I went there, but it was not true - I found in the bag the articles stated.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  PAGET
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Charles 
                  William Stevens Paget
               



             - we live at No. 44, Fetter-lane


, and keep the house - On the 19th of February, I saw the prisoner in the passage at six o'clock in the evening - I saw the sack lying in the passage - I asked him if it was his sack - he said, "Yes" - I had a candle in my hand - I looked at him and said, "You do not belong to the house" - he said,"No - I came in from the street to go into the yard" - the street-door was open, we cannot keep it shut, as we have six families and a school in the house - I lighted him out- I found a window had been forced open which looks into the yard, and leads into our bed-room - it was dusk, but I think I could have seen a person by the light of the day - I missed the articles stated - there was a screw outside the window that had been forced through, and half of the window completely taken out - I missed these things from a closet in the bed-room - they are my husband's, and worth 10s.


                  CHARLES 
                  WILLIAM STEVENS PAGET
               



            . This bag is of my making, and this is my property.




               GUILTY of Stealing only
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
