





602. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of January
, 25 yards of calico, value 12s.; 4 yards of printed cotton, value 1s.; 7 handkerchiefs, value 9s., and half a yard of net, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Shephard
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  SHEPHARD
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Shephard
               



             - we live at Woodford-bridge. On the 31st of January I came to town with my husband and a female friend; I went to a linen-draper's shop in Shoreditch, and purchased twenty-five yards of calico, four yards of cotton, seven handkerchiefs, and half a yard of net; my first cousin carried the parcel to a friend's of mine, in Fleet-street


, where we had some refreshment, and there I saw it safe; my nephew then carried it to our cart, and threw it up to my neighbour, who was into the cart, she missed it, and it fell into the mud - my nephew took it up again, and gave it to my neighbour, who took it and put it into the cart - it was a light cart on springs; there was nothing particular in it but this parcel and a little basket - it had a tail-board to it; we left town between five and six o'clock - when we got home the parcel was missed - this is it.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DUDLEY
               



            . I was with the prosecutor at the shop where these things were purchased; I put the parcel into the cart - it could not have fallen out.


                  GEORGE 
                  EDWARD ENO
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Rotherham, in Shoreditch, where these articles were purchased; I know them by the private marks, and my own mark on the parcel.


                  CATHERINE 
                  BURRELL
               



            . I keep the Blue-coat Boy, in Dorset-street, Spitalfields. On the 31st of January, about twenty minutes before eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came into my house and asked for a pint of porter - he paid for it, and asked if he might leave his bundle while he drank it - it had some light brown paper round it, which was rather dirty; I asked what was in it - he said I knew as well as he did, for he had just picked it up; I said it was my general rule if parcels were left, to look at them - I looked into this parcel, and saw these articles; before the beer was drawn the officer came in and took him.


                  HENRY 
                  BOLTON
               



             (Police-constable H 87). I was directed to this house, to make inquiry respecting some other property which had been stolen; there is a lobby door there - I pushed against it, but could not open it; I looked through the window over the door, and saw the prisoner there, and this witness just throwing this parcel into a chair behind her; I went in and said to the prisoner, "How came you by this?" he said it was his own that he had bought it; I said, "You must go to the station" - he made no resistance, for I told him it was of no use, for I had assistance outside; I got a person there to take him to the station, and in going along he said he had bought it; I saw the same kind of print as this in a window in Shoreditch - I went there; they said they had not sold this, but referred me to Mr. Rotherham - and the shopman recollected that he saw three females, who said they lived next door to Old Sal, at Woodford-bridge - this is the parcel, it is dirty on one side, not on the other.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up, and went to get a pint of beer; I told the officer I had found it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
