






498. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KELLY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MILLS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of February
; 3 pewter pots, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Warner
                        




                     
                  , and 1 pewter pot, value 15d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Alehouse
                        




.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOODYEAR
               



             (police-constable, E 39). I saw the prisoners on the 1st of February, in Oxford-market - I followed them down Oxford-street, as far as Hanway-street - I saw Kelly turn round and say, "Piper," - meaning that I was watching them - when he said that, he went across the road - then Mills went down Charles-street, towards Soho-square - I found that they were parting - I ran and seized him - I found on him one pint pot - I then snatched hold of his collar, and run him down Oxford-street, where I overtook Kelly - I put him into a tobacconist's shop - I found three pots on him - Mills has a pocket made on purpose for pot stealing all round him.
JAMES ALEHOUSE. I keep the Edinburgh Castle, in Welbeck-street



 - this pewter pot is mine; it is worth about 1s. 3d. - it was found on Mills - I have lost five dozen within the last five months.



                  WILLIAM 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Warner - he keeps the Crown, at the corner of Old Cavendish-street



 - these three pots are his property - they are worth about 3s. 6d. - I missed them the same afternoon that they were taken.
Kelly's Defence. I did it because I was in want.
KELLY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
MILLS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
