





1128. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     LITTLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of May
, 2 shifts, value 2.; 8 handkerchiefs, value 8s.; 1 slip, value 6d.; 2 petticoats, value 2.; 1 spencer, value 6d.; 1 gown, value 1s.; 1 cap, value 6d.; 2 napkins, value 2s.; 1 table-cloth, value 1s.; 1 glass cloth, value 6d.; 1 duster, value 6d., and two towels, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Raggett
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  BONNER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Raggett
               



            . who lives in Jermyn-street. On the 18th of May I hired a coach, and told the coachman to go to Torrington-square, where my young mistress was; this property belonged to my master, and was in a bundle, which I put into the coach, and got on the box; the prisoner was standing by the coach, talking to the coachman, when I hired it in Tottenham-court-road - the robbery took place in Gower-street


; I looked round in Gower-street, and saw the prisoner going away with the bundle - I got down and gave charge of him.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did not you tell the Magistrate the prisoner was not the person who took the bundle? A. No - the doors of the coach were shut; I do not know how any one could have got the bundle- I did not hear the doors opened; the coach was driving slowly on - I do not know that there was any hole in the coach; the prisoner did not say he picked it up - I do not think it impossible that it could be got out; I was on the box with the coachman - the coach did not stop; this is the bundle.


                  JAMES 
                  ISAAC
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I took the prisoner and this bundle; I had seen the coach, and seen the prisoner following it.
Cross-examined. Q. Was the coach-door open? A. Not when I saw it; when I heard the cry of Stop thief! in Gower-street, he had got too far a head of me to see him - the coach did not stop; I did not see him take any thing.


                  MARY 
                  SHEARMAN
               



            . I live servant with Mr. Raggett. This is the bundle of things which I packed up - it is dirty linen.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked them up in Gower-street; the servant came and took me - then the Policeman came, and he did not give charge of me, as he said he had the property - I was then going up Chenies-mews, and was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
