



1679. 




OCTAVIUS SMITH
 was indicted

, for the he, on the 
12th of March, feloniously did forge a certain order for payment of money, as follow:—"2nd of March, 1835, Messrs. Stone, Martin, and Stone, pay to Chichester Savings Bank, or Bearer, £400. Easthope and Son, "with intent to defraud 



George Stone and others.—2nd COUNT, for uttering, disposing of, and putting off the same, with a like intent; other COUNTS, varying the manner of laying the charge.


MR. LEE
conducted the Prosecution






FRANCIS WILLIAM FRY
. I am a clerk in the barking-house of George Stone, and four others, in Lombard-street. On the 12th of March, and before

that, Easthope and Son kept a banking account at our house; I knew the prisoner as their clerk before that—he had been to out bank several times—he was there on the 12th of March, and presented this cheque—It was between two and five o'clock—I gave him two £200 Bank of England notes for it, No. 9502, dated the 12th of February, 1835; and No. 9515, of the same date—I merely asked him how he would like to have the amount; nothing more passed.

Cross-examined by Mr. STURGEON. Q. Are you in the habit of having many cheques from Easthope and Son? A. Every day—I cannot say exactly what number—I do not remember how many we had on the 12th of March—I swear that the particular cheque was presented by the prisoner.





JOHN EASTHOPE
. I was a stock broker until the 25th of March, carrying on business in the City. The prisoner was in my service as a junior clerk, and had been so about seven years—I was in partnership with my son—I kept a cash account with Messrs. Stone—the prisoner continued in his place until the 13th of March, and then left without our knowledge—In consequence of something I heard, I afterwards saw this cheque in the possession of my bankers—I never drew this cheque, nor was it drawn by my authority, nor by any body authorised to draw—my son signs cheques; I believe the hand-writing in the body of the cheque to be the prisoner's—the signature is disguised, to appear like my son's but the body of it is not disguised—the prisoner was not in the habit of filling up cheques—the signature, I believe, is not my son's hand-writing—I cannot say whose it is.

Cross-examined. Q. Was any one authorised to draw cheques besides yourself and son? A. The cashier; but he signs his own name "for Easthope and Son"—nobody was authorised to sign Easthorpe and Son, besides ourselves—the prisoner bore a very honest character until we felt some difficulty just about this time; but for several years I had a very good opinion of him—he was fourteen or fifteen years old when he came into our service.





JOHN EASTHOPE, JUN
. On the 12th of March I was in partnership with my father—the body of this cheque is in the prisoner's hand-writing—I cannot say whose hand-writing the signature is, it is not mine—this cheque was not drawn by me or by my authority—the body of this cheque for £12. 10s., (looking at one) is in the same hand-writing—I do not know whose hand-writing the signature is—It was not drawn by my authority or knowledge—the prisoner left our service on the 12th or 13th of March, without our knowledge.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you aware whether he had authority to fill up the body of cheques? A. Yes; he used to fill them up.

MR. LEE. Q. Up to what time? A. Up to June, 1834, when a gentleman named Bartlely came into our service—he has never filled up but one cheque since that period, and that was for his salary—he did that with my permission—this is it—It is dated 26th September.





EDWARD YOUNG BARTLEY
. I am cashier in the service of Easthope and Son. I came into their service at the end of July—from that period up to the 12th of March, I was in the habit of drawing cheques—I believe the body of this £400 cheque is the prisoner's hand-writing—the cheques I draw are signed for Easthope and Son, with my own name—I did not give the prisoner authority to draw either of these cheques—It is the custom of our house to number the cheques, in the order in which they leave the counting-house—the numbers in use, about the 12th of March, were about the same as these—the 400l. is dated on the 12th ofr March, and the 12l. 10s. on the 11th—the cheques were looked up at night—they were

in the counting-house in the day-time—the prisoner would have access to that place—there are three clerks, including the prisoner and myself.





WILLIAM COLE
. I am cashier in the banking-house of Messrs. Stone. This cheque, for 12l. 10s. was presented at our counter on the 11th of March, and paid by myself in gold. I do not recollect who presented it.





JOHN KEMPSTER
. I am a clerk in the gold pay office, in the Bank of England. On the 12th of March I paid this £200 note, No. 9, 515, and gave for, it fifty sovereigns, and a ticket on the pay-clerk for 150l. in notes.





JOHN HAWKS
. I am a pay-clerk in the Bank of England. On the 12th of March I received a pay-ticket, for which I gave two £250 notes and ten £5 notes—the fives were Nos. 13, 563 to 13, 572 inclusive, dated Feb 4, 1835.





WILLIAMD OSMOND
. I keep the Waterloo Hotel at Ostend. On the 14th of March the prisoner arrived there, and resided at my house—he gave his name as Charles Houghton, and remained with me until the 8th of April—he paid me two £5 notes—there are them; Nos 13, 564 and 13, 565—he paid me two £ I wrote his name myself, which enables me to speak to them—they are dated Feb. 4, 1835.





REBECCA BROAD
. I live at Gravesend. On White-Monday the prisoner took my apartment, and came there the next day. He gave me Me name—I made out his bill in the name of Long for him, as he said it was very curious, that there should be Little, Long and Broad in the house—he paid the bill.





DANIEL FORRESTER
. I am one of the City police. In consequence of information, I took the prisoner into custody on the 19th of June at Gravesend—I did tell him the charge—I searched him, and found two keys on him—one was the of a carpet-bag, and the other of some drawers I was searching the drawers, and said, "I do not find what I want"—he said, "You will come to it presently. "and the bottom of the drawer I found a carpet-bag—key opened it, and I found 31 soverigns, three £4 notes, and a 1000 franc note—I found a pair of mustachios in a pocket book in the pocket of the coat which hung up in the room, and he had a dark wig on at the time I apprehended him; and I found in the drawers some dye for the hair (cheque read.)

Prisoner's Defence I have been allowed to plead "Not Guilty," to afford myself a chance of escaping the rigour of the law. I am encouraged to hope the Court will, listen to a brief narrative of circumstances whcih led me to the commission of the crime—I not only knowledge, but I deeply feel the enormity of the crime; but some circumstances connected with my melanchloy case you may not deem unworthy of your notice—very early in life I lost my father—I was placed in a situation, when quite a child, and lived with Mr. Atkinson, a respectable bill-broker, about two years—I gave him such satisfaction that he obtained a situation with the prosecutors for me—I was their junior clerk upwards of seven years, and endeavoured to merit their approbation—this my long stay in their service will sufflciently prove I had earned their confidence—my name was entered in the books of the Stock Exchange, and I became acquainted with many persons, which led me into extravagant habits, which so oppressed my mind, I sought to obtain another situation, but without effect, in order to avoid the temptations I was continually exposed to—my resolution was so week that all my attempts to disengage myself from my gay acquaintances were fruitless—with a view to remedy this evil I got married, (but rashly and unadvisedly,) and having but 1l. a year, I could not maintain a wife—I became embarrassed and almost distracted; and, with hopes of being able to

repay the amount, was tempted to commit the crime, it being my first offence, and I assure you it shall be my last—I am the roughest of eight children, of a respectable family—I had no father to take charge of me when young, and was exposed in the midst of temptations, which I thought to stop, but the means I adopted involved me tenfold more—I had just entered life, and all the hopes of myself and wife will be by your decision blasted, and the feelings of a fond mother deeply wounded—I entreat your Lordship to take this statement into your kind consideration, and whatever may be my sentence, (should I ever be able,) my conscience will compel me to repay every farthing of the money obtained by means of the forged cheque.
(Mr. Atkinson, bill-broker, St. Mildred's-court; Henry Joseph Page, his clerk: and Henry Haines, carver and gilder, George-street, Hampstead-road, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Life.
