






2469. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             & 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of October
, 1 jacket, value 20s.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 14s.; 1 hat, value 12s., and 2 handkerchiefs, value 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Neal
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN NEAL. I am a sailor
. I came to London by the Henry Brougham, from Palermo - I was discharged at the London-dock; I was paid off on the 15th of October - I was in Essex-street, Whitechapel


; I met two men - the male prisoner was not one; I had seen them before, but was not acquainted with them - I got into conversation with them; we went and had some beer - I was at that time sober; we then went to another house, which I thought was a public-house - I there saw the two prisoners; I am not certain whether there was any other woman there but Maria Wright; they sent for a pot of beer - I drank out of it; it was handed round - I do not know whether the others drank or not; I then felt myself all on a sudden very sleepy and drowsy - I could not keep my eyes open; I got up, and said I would go home by myself; I went out, leaving them all in the room - William Wright, and one of the two men who took me into the house, came and asked me to come back, and then 
               
                  Maria 
                  Wright
               



             came to me, and asked me to stop with her all night - I said no, I would not stop all night; they then would have me go back and finish the beer; I did not consent to go in, but they took me in, and set me down on the bed - I never felt myself so affected before as I was then; I soon fell fast asleep - I cannot tell how long I was asleep, but I think about an hour; I was shoved out of doors by the two prisoners - I had all my clothes on when I went to sleep; when they were shoving me out I had nothing on but my shirt, drawers, stockings, and shoes - I did not hear the prisoners say any thing when they were shoving me out; I sung out for help, went into the room again, and laid down on the bed, and said I would not leave the bed I had been robbed on, till I got my clothes.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What became of the other two men who took you in? A. I do not know, but one of them lent a hand to take me into the house again when I had left it - I had not got above three or four yards from the house when they took me back - I did not go in of my own accord the second time; I did not play at cards - I do not know who went for the beer; it was a small room - I did not notice whether there were any other persons there; two Policemen came to the house.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM DENNIS
               



             (Police-constable H 38). I was on duty in Essex-street about a quarter past nine o'clock- I saw the prosecutor there with only his drawers, shoes, stockings, and shirt on; he said he had been robbed in that house - I knocked at the door, and in a few minutes they opened it - both the prisoners were there; the prosecutor said the woman was one who had been in the room - he refused to go to the station till he got his clothes, but he afterwards went, and I took both the prisoners - I found none of the clothes; they denied that the prosecutor was there at all.
Cross-examined. Q. Was there another Policeman with you? A. Yes; but he went away, because the prosecutor would not substantiate the charge - he gave the woman in charge; but I took them both, for he said the man was there, and he had thrown him out of the room - he said two men had taken him into the room; he seemed in a very queer way; I do not know whether he was drunk, or any thing had been given to him - he was very drowsy.


                  William 
                  Wright
               



            . I fetched the officer myself. -Witness. No; I was going up the street and saw the people standing and crying shame.
Maria Wright. The prosecutor never came to my door at all, till the officer came, and he knows he found my bed made, and no person had been there. -
Witness. I do not know whether the bed was made or not, for as soon as the prosecutor got in, he went and laid down on it, and said he would not move till he had got his clothes.
W. WRIGHT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
M. WRIGHT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Life
            .
