





368. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     LANGLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December
, 1 cheese, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Davidge
               




            ; and that. at the Delivery of His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, holden on Thursday, the 11th of June, in the 10th year of His Majesty's reign, he was convicted of felony.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAVIDGE
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
, and live at No. 48, Minories


. On the 14th of December I went to my tea at a quarter before six o'clock, and the cheeses were safe under my portico, on a pile up to the top of the doorway; I came from tea in about twenty minutes, and said to my shopman, "Richard, there is a cheese gone;" he had not missed it - this is the cheese; it has my mark on it.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Do you know whether this cheese was on the pile? A. Yes - they were all marked No. 2, being of one particular dairy; I had sold some that day, but this is marked 24, which no other was - the shopman could not sell a whole cheese without my knowledge; there were eight of them, part of which I had put up.
JAMES FOGG. I saw the prisoner in Rosemary-lane, with the cheese, on the evening of the 14th of December; it was in a small green bag, on his head, about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's - I asked where he got it; he hesitated some time, and then said two men gave it him at the corner of Four Awl-court, and I might go and see them - I put him into a shop, and handcuffed him; as we were going along he saw two men, and said, "They have just cut down the lane now;" he afterwards saw his brother, and told him to go with me and show me the persons, and said one of them was named Phillips; I went with his brother to the City of Carlisle public-house - he went in, and two young men ran out; one of them we took, but the other, whom he called Phillips, got away - when I had that young man before the Magistrate the prisoner said it was not him, but Phillips gave it him.
Prisoner's Defence. The young man gave it me to carry, and I was to have 6d. for it.


                  JOHN 
                  CUTHBERT
               



            . I produce a certificate of the conviction of the prisoner in June last - I know he is the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
