





Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
363. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     COURTNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of February
, at St. George, 2 watches, value 5l.; 9 silver spoons, value 3l.; 1 pair of silver sugar-tongs, value 10s.; 2 silver ladles, value 15s.; 1 scarf, value 2l.; 1 shawl, value 15s.; and 1 shift, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Catherine 
                           Williamson
                        




                     
                  , in her dwelling house
            .
MR. BODKIN conducted the Prosecution.
CATHERINE WILLIAMSON. I am a widow
, and live at No. 26, High-street, Wapping, in the parish of St. George


 - the prisoner lodged in my house for four months, and left exactly a fortnight before Christmas - on the evening of the 2nd of February, the articles stated in the indictment were all safe in my bed-room where I slept - the drawer was locked - I heard a noise in the night exactly at one o'clock - the watchman was calling the hour - I heard something like a rustling and an unusual noise at the drawer - it was a noise in my room - I imagined it was the cat - I started up in bed, and coughed; and heard the rustling of a silk dress- and the moment I coughed the person ran down stairs, opened, my street-door, which was fastened with two locks (a spring-lock and a latch); and not one person in twenty could open it who did not know the state of it - I got up immediately, and struck a light - examined the drawers, and saw everything ransacked out of my drawers - the things stated in the indictment were gone - I found a key in the lock of the drawer the property was kept in - that key did not belong to the drawer - it opened the drawer - I had seen that key before in the possession of the prisoner when she lived in my house - she was taken into custody and discharged.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Is the property yours? A. Part of it - I have to make good one of the watches - I am a widow - the prisoner first lived with me four months before Christmas - that was the first time - her trunks were in the house in August - she went to service after a little but she only came now and then, and slept a night, at first she was out of a situation - after going to service she came again.

JOHN PEARCE. I am shopman to Mr. Austin, pawnbroker, High-street, Shadwell - on the morning of the 3d of February I received a scarf and shawl in pledge from the prisoner - I lent her ten shillings on them, in the name of Margaret Collins.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure she was he person? A. Yes.


                  HUGH 
                  HENRY CAMPION
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Austin - I produce a watch, a pair of sugar-tongs, a pair of toddy-ladles, and a salt-spoon, which I took in pledge from the prisoner, I believe, on the 3d of February, in the afternoon, in the name of Ann Tucker - Mr. Austin has two shops - it is not the shop Pearce lives at.
MRS. WILLIAMSON. These things belong to me, and the shawl and scarf - they were all in the same drawer, and missed that night - the things all together are worth about £10 - I had not seen the prisoner in the house that night.
Q. When you went to bed was your house secure? - A. It was - it was not broken into at all - I distinctly heard the door opened - I had gone out on a message next door, for a minute, about ten o'clock, and left the door unguarded for a moment - I was not out of the house two minutes - I left the door open until I returned; and when I went to bed the house was quite secure - my daughter fastened it.


                  CATHERINE 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's daughter - on the night of the robbery I fastened the house up - I fastened the front door, and every thing as usual, about half-past eleven o'clock - the front door had a springlock, and a latch underneath.
Prisoner's Defence. I lodged with the woman for two months - I never entered her door since Christmas-day.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
