





1600. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of July
, 2 pairs of shoes, value 4s., and 4 lasts, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Lee
                  




               
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  LEE
               



            . I am the wife of Richard Lee - he lives in Princes-place, St. George's


, and is a shoemaker
. On Wednesday afternoon, the 4th of July, I heard a noise in the shop; I looked, and saw the prisoner stooping - I called to him "Halloo! halloo!" he ran out - I pursued him, crying Stop thief! but I did not know that he had stolen the shoes till I got to Mr. Smith's shop - I found these shoes and lasts there; I know they are my husband's- I saw him make them; they are not finished.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . On Wednesday afternoon, the 4th of July I was having my tea in my back room at my house in King-street, Commercial-road; I heard a lumbering noise in front of my shop - I ran, and found these four shoes on the lasts, about one yard in the shop; I stood two or three minutes, and saw a mob - the officer and Mr. Lee came- I gave up the shoes to them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROCK
               



            . About half-past five o'clock that evening I was coming by the prosecutor's shop ; I saw the prisoner come out with something under his coat; I heard Mrs. Lee call Stop thief! I pursued him down King-street, and assisted in taking him; I saw him pass Smith's shop, but did not see him throw any thing in there- I had only lost sight of him while he turned the corner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REEVES
               



             ( Police-constable K 152). I heard the alarm as I was at the corner of Grove-street . I followed the prisoner, and saw some shoes under his coat, partly concealed; I pursued him to a street leading to King-street, where I lost sight of him; I got sight of him again in King-street, and told my brother officer to follow him.


                  THOMAS 
                  OWEN
               



             ( Police-constable H 176). I saw the prisoner running , and took him, he was very violent , and tried to get me down ; it took three of us to take him .
Prisoner's Defence . I ran with the mob , and was taken; the officer struck me .



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
             .
