






2418. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WORLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     AUSTIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of September
, 12 lbs. of soap, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Edwards
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live in Great St. James'-street


. On the 17th of September I lost this soap - I did not see it taken; I heard a cry of Stop thief! and run up stairs - I overtook the prisoners about thirty doors from my shop; one run one way and one the other; one was stopped, and the other was taken the next morning - the soap had been hanging on the door-post.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HORSFORD
               



             (Police-serjeant D 6). I saw the prisoners pass the shop twice - they then went and looked into the window; Worley unhung the soap, and gave it to Austin - they run different ways; I pursued Austin up William-street - when I got near him he threw down the soap; I took him turning into George-street -I said, "I want you for taking the soap;" he said,"I did not take it;" I said, "No, but Worley gave it to you;" I went, and took Worley in bed the next morning; I said, "You know what I want you for;" he said, "No, I do not;" I said, "For taking the soap;" he said he took none - I said, "When you were in company with Austin;" he said, "I was not with him."
Worley's Defence. I awoke about half-past nine o'clock, and Austin went to get something for supper - I went out, but could not find him; I then went home to bed, and about two o'clock in the morning the officer came and took me; I am quite innocent.
Austin's Defence. I was going up the street - a man stopped me, and the officer came and took me; he said,"I want you, for having this soap;" I said, "I did not take it, I never saw it."
WORLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
AUSTIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Confined Six Months
            .
