





529. 
               
                  
                     EMANUEL 
                     ALLEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, 1 purse, value 10s.; 27 sovereigns, 4 half-sovereigns, 3 half-crowns, one 10l. and one 5l. Bank notes, and an order for payment of and value 185l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Solomons
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Solomons
                        



.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SOLOMONS
               



            . I am the wife
 of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Solomons
               



            . On the 11th of January, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning, I was in Leadenhall-street, coming towards Bread-street - I had a purse in my reticule, containing twenty-seven sovereigns, four half-sovereigns, three half-crowns, a 10l. and 5l. Bank note, and a draft on Maberly's, of Bread-street, for 185l. -I observed three men just by the India-house; they walked hastily by me - one of them turned round, and looked at me very attentively; that was the prisoner - he then talked to his companions, and he also turned round and looked at me attentively; they walked in that manner, turning round now and then, till they came to Leadenhall-market, and then they all three stopped; I walked on, and did not see any more of them till I came to the corner of Gracechurch-street - I had observed them look at me several times; I was waiting at the corner of Gracechurch-street


 for the carriages to pass - several persons were waiting to cross; they all stood with their backs towards me; I suddenly felt several persons surround me - I had my right hand at the bottom of my bag, and removed my right hand to extricate myself from the crowd, and suddenly felt a person's hand round my waist; I at that moment considered it an act of rudeness, and turned round to see who it was - I am quite positive it was the prisoner; I told him to be gone, as I considered it rude - he of course went off; I felt very much confused, and did not at that moment consider I was robbed - I crossed, and at the other corner I instantly discovered that my reticule had been cut, and the purse taken out; this was almost immediately after I felt the hand round my waist - I hastened across the road as quick as possible; it might be two or three minutes - I was very much alarmed, and said, "Oh, dear, I have been robbed!" several persons came round, and said,"Of what?" I did not know who they were - I instantly went to the banking-house to stop payment of the draft, and by their advice went to the Mansion-house; I have never seen any of the property - on the 25th I was sent for to the Mansion-house, as several persons were in custody, to see if I could identify any of them; I saw the prisoner among others, and am certain of him - I told the Lord Mayor he was the person who had his hand round my waist.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Where do you live? A. At No. 5, New-road, St. George in the East -I had come from home that day, and walked all the way alone; nobody had interrupted me before - I did not come along Whitechapel, but through Prescott-street, into the Minories; I had nothing else in my reticule but my handkerchief and card-case - here is the reticule; I had called on a tenant a short distance from home, and received four sovereigns, which I put into my purse, and after that had no occasion to open the reticule - I held it with the string twisted round my hand; it is very small- I had a cloak on; it was a beaded purse - I saw a man who was taken with the prisoner; I could not positively swear to him, but if I saw the other I should recollect him; nothing attracted my attention but their rudeness in looking at me several times; I was told to attend at the Mansion-house, as several were in custody, and perhaps I might recollect some of them - I described the person who had robbed me, and a stout gentleman said,"I don't think he is here;" I then went up stairs - I did not see the prisoner till he was brought before the Lord Mayor; several others were brought up first - I said I did not know them; the prisoner was then brought withone rather taller - I thought that was one by his dress, but could not recollect sufficiently to swear to him, as I never saw his face, but I saw the faces of the other two; my handkerchief did not come out of my reticule - I cannot say whether the purse could have remained in it after it was cut; it was not cut before I got to Gracechurch-street, for I had it in my hand, and felt my purse in it - I had used my handkerchief coming along, but cannot recollect where; the purse was at the bottom of the reticule - it was exactly a fortnight before I saw the prisoner in custody; he had a hat on in the street, but not at the Mansion-house - I noticed him very much, because I considered him very rude; I described two of the persons at the Mansion-house the day it happened - one had a stye on his eye.
COURT. Q. Till the person's arm was round your waist, your hand was at the bottom of your reticule? A. Yes - the purse contained 20l. in gold, and would have dropped into my hand if it had been cut then.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  STONE
               



            . I am an officer. I received orders to take all persons into custody who I saw in the street and knew to be bad characters; the prisoner was in custody - the prosecutrix came to the Mansion-house, and saw him in the Justice-room at the bar, with another, and identified him.
Cross-examined. Q. He was placed at the bar with another? A. Yes, not mixed with people in the Court; she had seen several others, and did not identify them.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the lady in my life.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
