




1169. 




ANN SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of March, 1 sheet, value 10s.; and 1 towel, value 1s.; the goods of 




William Murray, Esq., her master: and 




ANN HARRISON
, 

for feloniously receiving the, same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






WILLIAM MURRAY, Esq
. I am a barrister, and occupy chambers in the Temple. The prisoner Smith was in my employ, as laundress—I went into the country, and left her in possession of my chambers, in July last—while in Scotland my servant died, and on my return it was necessary to give while the things to my new servant—I saw the locks of toe drawers had been forced, or attempted to be forced, and some sheets, table-cloths, napkins, and towels taken away—the articles produced are part of my, property—I have lost nearly 100l. worth of property.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long had Smith been in your employ? A. About two years—the had a good character when she came to me.





JOSEPH SHACKELL
, I am an officer of Bow-street. On the 4th of April I went to Smith's house, No. 5, Yates's-court, Carey-street—I told her my name, and who I was—read over to her two lists of property—she said she knew nothing of it—the prisoner Harrison, who is her mother, told her to hold her tongue—I then showed her some towels which I had from Mr. Murray's chambers, as a pattern—she said she had none like them—I searched, and found these towels—I asked her if they were Mr. Murray's—she said "Yes"—I then went to Harrisons's house, in Little Essex-street, and there found one towel—she said she hoped I would not tell Mr. Murray—I asked if she had been pledging any thing—she said "No"—I searched, and found some duplicates—I went round to different pawnbrokers, and found the whole of this property—I went on the 6th of April, and took Smith, who gave me a pocket-book with ten duplicates in it, which she said were for property of Mr. Murray's.

Cross-examined. Q. When you found the towel at Harrison's. did you say "This is Mr. Murray's?" A. Yes; I mentioned his name first.





ALBERT EVANS
. I am a pawnbroker in Pickett-street. I hare a sheet which was pawned on the 21st of March by Harrison.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.

HARRISON—

GUIITY
. Aged 60.—



Confined One year.
