






338. 
               
                  ISABELLA 
                  McCOLLIN
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December
, 3 pairs of stays, value 4s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Philip Orton 
                     Roberts
                  




               
            .


                  PHILIP 
                  ORTON ROBERTS
               



            . I am a stay-maker and haberdasher
, and live in Grosvener-row, Chelsea


. The two prisoners came together to my shop on the 18th of December, and asked to look at some black worsted stockings at 10 1/2 d. per pair; they said they were not good enough - I then showed them some at 1s. 6d.; Smith talked about a variety of things, but did not ask for goods, but McCollin did- she said the stockings at 1s. 6d. were too high, and she should like some at 1s.3d. - I said I had none at that price, but I should have some the next day, and I would let her have a pair of them at 1s. 4d.; I at last agreed to let her have a pair for 1s. 3d., but she said she would call next day - she then turned to Smith, and said, "You want a pair, don't you?" Smith said Yes - I said, "I have plenty that will fit her;" they said they would wait till next day, and they both left the shop - soon afterwards, I missed three pairs of stays from the corner of the window which Smith had been standing near; the officer afterwards brought the stays to my shop - I had never seen the prisoners before; McCollin offered me a bribe, which I refused.


                  JAMES 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I am a Police-constable; I took the prisoners at the corner of Eaton-square, Pimlico - Smith was carrying these stays.(Property produced and sworn to.)
McCollin put in a written Defence, stating, that she was not aware that Smith had taken the stays.
McCOLLIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
