




1177. 



THOMAS MURPHY
 and 




ANDREW PORTER
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
18th of April, 150lbs. weight of lead, value 30s., the goods of 



Daniel Fuller, and fixed to a certain building, against the Statute, &c.






GEORGE BAKER
. I am a watchman of St. Dunstan-in-the-West. On the 18th of April, at four o'clock in the morning, I was at the corner of Feather-bed-lane—I saw Murphy standing there—he whistled, and said, "Keep back, you b—"—I went down to No. 2, Feather-bed-lane, and saw the door open—the prisoner Porter was coming down stairs, and a dog behind him—I asked him what he had been to that house for—he said, "To see a girl"—I said it was very strange he should go to an empty house—Murphy then went down the lane, and turned to the right—I asked Porter if he knew him—he said, "Yes"—I called him back, and took them both to the watchhouse—I then went with Mr. Cole to the house, and found this lead in the attic—nothing was found on the prisoners, but there was a knife found in the gutter on the top of the house, No. 2—Murphy was two doors from that house when he whistled—we measured the places on the top of the houses, Nos. 2, Feather-bed-lane, and 17 and and 17 1/2, Fetter-lane, and the lead corresponded exactly.





JOHN COLE
. I am an officer of St. Dunstan's. I went to the houses, Nos. 2,17, and 17 1/2, they join each other—the lead now produced corresponded with what had been on Nos. 17 and 17 1/2, but not on No. 2.





RICHARD KNIGHT
. I live at No. 17 1/2, Fetter-lane. On the 18th of April, I found that some lead had been taken away which had been fixed to the roof, and formed part of the building—I saw the lead at the watch-house—I measured it, and it corresponded exactly—the house belongs to Mr. Daniel Fuller, and is in the parish of St. Dunstan-in-the-West.

Porter. I wish you to look at the knife, and see whether it is capable of cutting lead.





GEORGE BAKER
. It appears to have been cut with a knife similar to this.

JURY. Q. When you first saw the door of No. 2, was it open? A. It was ajar—I pushed it open, and saw Porter coming down stain—the lead appeared fresh cut—the edges were quite bright.





RICHARD KNIGHT

re-examined. Q. Had you noticed whether the door of No. 2 was shut? A. I do not know, but it appears that they got in down the area—there is a shutter there which lifts up.

Murphy's Defence. I got up that morning, and was going to work—I stopped at the corner of Feather-bed-lane to tie up my stocking—the watchman passed, and said it was a cool morning—I then went on—the watchman came with this man—he beckoned me, and took me—I was three hundred yards from him when he called me back.





GEORGE BAKER
. He might be two hundred yards from us—he had an

opportunity of going away—when I went to the door he walked away, but he gave the whistle, and said what I stated—he was not tying up his stocking.

Porter's Defence. I went to the house to see a female; and not seeing her, I laid down and slept an hour or two.

PORTER—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

MURPHY—


NOT GUILTY
.
