





424. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     RHODES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of January
, 1 pillow, value 3s.; 2 sheets, value 5s.; 1 bolster, value 8s.; 3 blankets, value 7s.; 1 carpet, value 5s.; and 1 bed, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Hutton
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HUTTON
               



            . I am a widow
 - I let the prisoner a furnished lodging five weeks previous to my taking him into custody - he is married, and is a tailor
 by trade - he was to pay 3s. 6d. a week, but he only paid two weeks' rent - on the 24th of January, I sent one of my children into their room, and on the 28th I went in myself - I missed the pillow-case, two sheets, and the other articles mentioned - they were all my property - I had not seen the prisoner or his wife for four or five days; they had left without notice - on the 29th the prisoner came there again- I asked him for my rent - he said I should have it in the afternoon - I said, "I dare say I shall, as much as I have before; and I charge you with felony" - I called in the officer, and gave him in charge - he said he did it to support his child - I said, "You rob me and my five fatherless children, and you have but one, and are able to work."


                  JOHN 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker - I have a carpet, pillow, and sheet, pawned by the prisoner on the 15th, 16th, and 20th of January, in the name of James Haywood, 3, Paradise-street.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  GREAVES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker - I have a sheet, blanket, and bed - the bed I took in of the prisoner - the others I cannot speak to.
JOHN PURVIS (police-constable D 58). I took the prisoner - I found on him fifty-eight duplicates, seven of which are for the prosecutrix's property.
Prisoner's Defence. I was out of employ, and in the greatest distress - I expected money from my wife, who was in service, to replace the things - I have been a housekeeper, and these duplicates were of my own property.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
