




1788. 




HENRY HANSON
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
5th of August, 1 coat, value 2l. 10s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; 1 pair of boots, value 15s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 7s.; 1 hat, value 5s.; and 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; the goods of 




Edward Deeks, from his person; and 




WILLIAM PARISH



, for feloniously receiving the same, well-knowing them to have been stolen, &c., against the Statute.






THOMAS EDWARD DEEKS
. I am a pig-dealer. I was at Edgeware fair on Friday, the 5th of August, and met some strangers—some gentlemen asked me to drink some brandy and water; soon after I became giddy—I fell asleep and awoke nearly naked; all my things were taken from me but my shirts and braces—these things are all mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Have you got them all again? A. Yes.





JOHN MALKIN
. I am a constable. I went to the Harp, in the Edgeware-road, on the 6th—I found Hanson there with a bundle, containing one pair of trowsers, one pair of stockings, one knife, two thimbles, one half-crown, and two shillings—these have been shown to the prosecutor—I took Hanson into custody—he went about a mile on the road, and then he said, it was no use going any further; if I would go to Bill Parish's, I should find the remaining part of the things, which Parish bought for 5s. the night before—I put him into the cage, and went to Parish, who keeps a booth in the fair—I there found the coat, waistcoat, boots, hat, and two silk handkerchiefs; I said, "There is another handkerchief, "he directly gave the other constable the other handkerchief.

Cross-examined. Q. What did Parish say? A. He said he had had it of a man the night before, and had advanced 5s—I have frequently known coats and other things left in booths, but I have never seen money lent on them—it is common, when people are hard-pressed for money, to get 5s. from a booth-keeper, and leave their little bundle for security, if they know them—I have known Parish fourteen years attending fairs—I know no harm of him—he voluntarily went to a public-house to search for the man who left the bundle, and could have run away if he had liked.
(Hanson put in a written defence, stating that he had purchased the articles of a man at the Boot public-house, at Edgeware.)

HANSON—


GUILTY
.*Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

PARISH—


NOT GUILTY
.
