





1615. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SHEEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of September
, 2 pairs of boots, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charlotte 
                           Staples
                        



                     
                  ; 1 waistcoat, value 3s.; and 1 pair of shoes, value 1s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bishop
                        



                     
                  , her master
            .


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  STAPLES
               



            . I live with Mr. Bishop, who deals in lace
. I serve in the shop
. The prisoner had been servant
 there one month - on the 8th of September, she was to leave - I paid her her wages, about six o'clock in the evening, and gave her some little errands to do - she came back about nine o'clock, and took her bonnet-box out of the kitchen - I was at the door at the time - I afterwards missed this property.


                  THOMAS 
                  SEAL
               



             (police-constable G 145). I took the prisoner into custody three days afterwards - I took her in the street - I asked if her name was 
               
                  Ann 
                  Sheen
               



             - she said,"No, Donovan" - I then asked if she had been in Mr. Bishop's service - she said, "No" - I said I should take her - she was very resolute, and threw away a bundle in a passage - I took her, and my brother officer took the bundle, which contained this property.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  STAPLES
               



            . I know these boots; they are mine - this pair is Mrs. Bishop's, and the waistcoat is Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Bishop
               



            's.
Prisoner's Defence. The week before I left, she went out at five o'clock one evening, to walk with a gentleman - she came home at half-past ten o'clock - she came into the kitchen, and told me to go for a pot of porter - she drank better than half of it - the next morning, Mrs. Bishop asked me about the porter, and whether it was for me - I said, "No; Miss Staples sent me for it" - I then left the kitchen - Miss Staples came to me, and said she would get me into trouble - she gave me these things - the boots she gave me two days before I left - the officer pulled me into the passage - I asked him to go to Mr. Bishop's with me, but he tore the cap off my head - I had lived in respectable places, but never in a shop before.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  STAPLES
               



            . I never gave her this property.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
