






505. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SHAW
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of January
, 1 cask, value 10s., and 10 gallons of spirits of wine, value 10l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Anderson
                        




                     
                   and others; and that Johnson had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  FIELDING
               



            . I am a carman to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Anderson
               



             and others; there are five partners - they are rectifiers of spirits
. On the day stated I was in Whitecross-street, about one o'clock - I had a cask of spirits of wine in my waggon; I did not see it taken out, but a woman gave me information, and I stopped and missed it - I saw the persons at a distance before they dropped the cask, but it was very foggy, and I could not swear to either of them - there were more than two or three of them; the cask was picked up, and I knew it to be the one I had lost.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Is not that place a great thoroughfare? A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  GILLETT
               



            . I live in Chequer-alley


. I saw the waggon, and Fielding driving it; I saw Johnson go to the rail of the waggon, and hoist the cask off the pad - itrolled to the back of the waggon; he then unhooked the chain, took the cask out, and carried it on his knee to the pavement - I then saw Shaw and three others come and stand round it; Shaw lifted the cask on Johnson's shoulder - they made use of a bad word, and all ran down Chequer-alley - the carman came up soon after, and we ran down Chequer-alley, as far as Twister's-alley; we there saw them again; they pitched the cask, and all ran away- Johnson had a shooting-jacket on, which appeared to be new; I can positively swear to the two prisoners.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you give any information of this? A. I did not at first, because I was afraid of being ill-used; I afterwards heard some person say there was a reward - I did not hear that from the carman; I am a labourer - I work for the parish, and break stones; I worked for a Mr. Smith for six years and a half, till they had no more work for me; I have not been maintained by a Police-officer since this charge.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  SHELLY
               



            . I was going up Whitecross-street, and saw Johnson go and unhook the chain, and take the cask out, put it on his knee, and carry it to the pavement; I thought he belonged to the waggon till I saw Shaw, and three others come and stand round the cask -Shaw then made use of a bad expression; he hoisted the cask on Johnson's shoulder, and they all ran down Chequer-alley - I ran and told the carman; he missed it, and followed the men, and when we got to Twister's-alley, I saw the men again; I said, "There they are," and they put the cask down.
Cross-examined. Q. What dress had the man on who carried the cask? A. A fustian jacket.


                  JOHN 
                  McDONALD
               



            . I am a linen-draper, and live in Chequer-alley. I saw another man carrying the cask, but the two prisoners were there and others - Johnson had a new fustian jacket on.


                  GEORGE 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I know this cask, it is the proproperty of John Anderson and others.


                  PAUL 
                  PLANT
               



            . (Police-constable G 94) I took Shaw on suspicion; I saw him in the riding-school, and looked at him - he tried to get away; I said, "Stop, I want you," and took him; I took Johnson afterwards.


                  ROBERT 
                  REID
               



             (Police-constable, G 138.) I produce a certificate from (Mr. Selby's office) of the conviction of Johnson, on the 2nd of April, 1832 - I was a witness, and know he is the person.
Shaw's Defence. I was going by, and the man asked me to give him a lift up with it, which I did.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
SHAW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
