



2237. 




GEORGE COKER
 was indicted

 for the wilful murder of 



Moses Gates: he was also charged on the Coroner's Inquest, with the same murder.


MR. PHILLIPS.conducted the Prosecution.






BENJAMIN SOMERVILLE
. I am a baker, and live at Harefield. On the 3rd of August, I saw the deceased Moses gates at his stall, about a quarter or half-past nine o'clock in the evening—I was between five and six yards from his stall, as near as I can guess—I heard tome noise at the stall, and on looking towards it, I saw Gates strike the prisoner twice on the side of the head—I am quite sure I saw two blows—he said he would not cut and maul his salmon about for him—the prisoner then went away a little distance, and returned in half-a-minute—he was saucy to Gates, but I did not hear the words distinctly—Gates ran after him two or three yards—he then came back, and Coker followed him, and said if he bit him again, he would not run away, he would give him something for himself—Gates again ran after him, and just struck him with his finger on the head, as his hand could just reach him—it was his open hand—Gates immediately after came back, and said he had stabbed him—there was a candle in a lantern there, and I observed a cut in Gates's trowsers, just about the stomach, when he made the exclamation, and the blood was running—the light was taken out of the lantern, and one button of his trowsers was undone—he afterwards went to the doctor's.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. You were five or six yards from Gates's stall when you first observed them? A. Yes—I did not observe whether he was bargaining for salmon—I heard him say ho would not cut

and maul his salmon for him—I did not hear the prisoner say it was more salmon than he wanted, and he would not take it—I did not hear any thing about it—I believe the prisoner is between 14 and 15 years of age—I should say Gates was 21 or 22 years of age—he was rather tall, but not very stout—it was not a very heavy blow blow that Gates struck the prisoner in the first instance—I could not see whether it was with his open hand—Gates struck him three times altogether—I only saw three blows—I did not hear the prisoner tell him he would not be knocked about by him—he might have said so without my hearing it—he did not complain of Gates striking him—he did not say a word about it—I do not remember seeing a man named Hanstead then—I did not see the prisoner run behind a man for protection—I lost sight of him for a moment—there were many persons about—I did not see Gates kick at the prisoner under the stall—he might have done it without my seeing it—I did not hear him tell him to go to hell—he might have done so without my hearing it—I have known the prisoner several years—I never knew any thing wrong of him—I have lived in the same village with him nearly all his life, but I have been out of Harefield four or five years—I do not know whether he and Gates were acquainted—I never saw them together before.

COURT. Q. How long do you think it might be from the first blow that you saw given, till the deceased cried out that he was stabbed? A. Between three and four minutes.





EDWIN CLIFT
. I am a stone-mason, and live at Harefield. On the night in question, I saw Gates at his fish-stall—I was about four or five feet from it—I saw Coker there—Gates was weighing some pickled salmon—he told Coker it weighed seven ounces, and asked 7d. for it—the answer Coker made was, "Go to hell; who do you think is going to give 1d. an ounce for your salmon?"—Gates made no answer just for the moment, but Coker kept grumbling about the price, and with that, Oates gave him one rap on the head—he said, "Be off about your business; who do you think is going to weigh salmon for you?"—or "Why do you come here to order salmon, and not take it when it is weighed?" and gave him a rap on the head—it was with his open hand—it was a smartish rap on the cheek—it was not sufficient to knock him down—it was a kind of blow which a man who was angry at the salmon not being bought would give—after this rap was given, the prisoner then said, "You b—if you hit me again, you shall have something for it"—this passed in front of the stall—the prisoner then left the front of the stall, and went to the back of the stall in the horse road—he came back again in a short time after—it might be a minute and a half—I should not suppose it was above a couple of minutes at most, and the first word I heard the prisoner say was, "Now come and hit me; you shall have something for it"—he said, "I sha'nt run"—these words were repeated by the prisoner move than once or twice—after he had dared the deceased in that way, the deceased went towards him—he was then standing with his back a little way towards the road—the prisoner then ran backwards, and the deceased followed him to nearly the middle of the road—when the prisoner was running backwards, followed by the deceased—he was waving his arms about, but whether it was for self-defence, I cannot say—I saw no blows pass, and Just as they got to near the middle of the road, I saw the prisoner make a stand, and a sort of rush towards the deceased—they were not a yard apart—the next thing I heard was, Coker said, "You have got it"—the deceased put his

hand to his belly, and came back to his stall, and said, "He has stabbed me—he has run a dagger into me"—that was not more than half-a-minute after the prisoner said "You have got it"—he had not three yards to walk—I taw some blood on his trowsers—I did not see the deceased again till Monday evening—he was dead then—this happened on Saturday evenings

Cross-examined. Q. How many times altogether did Gates strike the prisoner? A. Only once that I saw—there were a great many more persons round—I did not hear Grates say any thing to Coker when he was running after him the last time—I was ten yards from the middle of the road where they were—I could not tell whether Gates was running after Coker to hit him or to send him away—he did not go very fast—I cannot say what he was going to do—perhaps he might be going to hit him again—I did not see what his meaning was—I did not hear him say if he caught him he would break his back—I think if he had said so I was near enough to have heard it—he did not say any thing before he left the stall—he left the stall when the prisoner was daring him in his business—I did not see him attempt to kick the prisoner—it was just getting dusk—there was no moon.

Q. If he did not appear going to strike him, what did you mean by saying that the boy appeared to be waving his arms in self defence? A. I said I could not tell whether it was in self defence, or whether it was to strike the deceased or not—he was going at a pretty quick kind of running walk—I do not know whether they were acquainted before—I have only lived at Harefield about seven weeks—I do not know whether the prisoner went behind a man when he west to the back of the stall—I dare say he did—he ran into the middle of the road when Gates was following him—he did not go behind any man then—a boy named Parr was examined as a witness before the Coroner—he is here.

JURY. Q. Had you seen the prisoner with a knife at all previous to the blow being struck? A. No—I have never seen the knife to this moment.





NATHANIEL HANSTEAD
. I saw the bargaining about the salmon, and saw it weighed—the prisoner refused to have it, and Gates chucked it, into the kit again, turned himself round, and hit Coker two or three times—Coker came back to me, stood beside me, and cried, and said, "You b—, you serve me so again, and I will give you something for yourself"—Gates was standing at his stall then, and I stood between him and Coker—Gates then came from his stall, and ran after Coker—he overtook him about the middle of the road, about ten yards from where I stood, caught him by the collar, and hit him twice or three times again:—I saw him get five or six blows altogether—he struck him at two different intervals—after the second striking Gates came back to his stall, and said, "Oh dear me! he has run a dagger into me"—the affair did not occupy above two or three minutes from first to last—it might be five minutes.

COURT. Q. From the first slap given on the face of the prisoner to the last affair in the middle of the road, how long might it be? A. Five minutes—to the best of my knowledge would be the outside.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Might it be three minutes? A. No—I will say five.

Cross-examined. Q. The prisoner did all he could to get out of Gates's way? A. Yes, he ran away from him.

COURT. Q. The deceased was a young man? A. Yes—he was as big as I am, or bigger—I did not see any knife or other weapon.






HENRY BULLOCK
. I am a surgeon. I was called in to attend the deceased—I first saw him at three o'clock on Sunday morning—I at once saw he was in a very dangerous condition—I observed a wound in the belly, which a knife or sharp instrument might have inflicted—I did the best I could for him—he died in about twenty-six hours after the accident—my opinion is that he died from loss of blood occasioned by the wound.





JOHN ATKINS
. I am a constable. About half-past ten o'clock on Saturday night I went to the house of the prisoner's father—I found the prisoner in bed—I searched his breeches pockets, and found a pocket clasp-knife—I examined it, and saw marks of blood on it—I had asked him where the knife was—he said it was in his trowsers pocket, but it was not bloody; but I perceived marks of blood on the end of it—I asked him if he was not sorry for what he had been doing—he said no, he was not, for Gates hit him first—I asked him whether that was the knife he did it with—he said "Yes"—I gave the knife to the high-con stable of Uxbridge.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you known the prisoner long? A. Ever since he was quite a child—he is the youngest of seventeen children—I never knew any thing against his character as a humane, inoffensive boy.





CHARLES JAMES MURRAY
. I am high-constable of Uxbridge. Atkins delivered this knife to me—it is a common pocket-knife—almost every boy carries such a knife.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the prisoner taken before a Magistrate before the inquest was held? A. Yes, he was placed in my custody, with orders to take him before the Coroner, and then before the Magistrate, as I understood—I did not take him back to be examined by the Magistrate, as the Coroner refused to allow him to go back in my custody.

Q. Did he give as a reason, that the Magistrates had committed Mr. Medhurst for manslaughter, and he was determined they should not do so again? A. He did not say it in those words—he said they had acted very improperly in committing Mr. Medhurst, and he would not give them the opportunity of doing so with this boy—those were his words—a boy named Parr was before the Coroner—he was called into the room, and examined partly—he said he saw the whole transaction—he was not bound over as a witness by the Coroner.





WILLIAM PARR
. I live at Harefield. I am fifteen years of age—I did not see the whole of this affair—I saw part of it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear the prisoner ask Gates any thing about a piece of salmon? A. He asked him for six penny-worth of salmon—Grates took up the tail-piece, which had been cut before—it was just as it laid in the kit—he took it out just as it was, and wanted 7d. for it—the prisoner said he only wanted sixpenny-worth, and he would not buy more—Gates said he should not have it for 6d. he would have 7d. for it, if he sold it—Coker said he would not give him more than 6d.—Gates put it into the kit again, and turned round and hit Coker a slap in the face immediately—it was a pretty good blow—I did not hear him tell Coker to go to hell—he told him to be off, for he should not have it for 6d.—I did not see Gates try to kick him—I saw him hit him twice—he ran after him—the prisoner tried to get away from him.

COURT. Q. where was Coker when you saw him hit twice? A. stood close to the stall—he ran away, and Gates after him.

MR. JONES. Q. He ran away a good way from the stall at one time,

did not be? A. Yes—I do not think It was so far as twenty yards—he did all he could to get away from Gates—I was sworn before the Coroner, and examined as a witness.

COURT. Q. Do you mean that you took an oath? A. Yes; I had a book given to me, in the same way as I have had to-day.

COURT. to JOHN ATKINS. Q. Do you know whether this boy was sworn? A. Yes, as a witness.




GUILTY of Manslaughter only. Aged 15.—


Transported for Life.
