





1727. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GLEESON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, 1 watch, value 5l.; 1 hat, value 10s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 5 half-crowns, 4 shillings, and 3 sixpences
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Horn
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  HORN
               



            . On the morning of the 14th of July, before day-break, I changed a sovereign at a confectioner's shop in the Strand; I received chiefly half-crowns in change, and some shillings and sixpences - I was rather the worse for liquor; a man spoke to me, and followed me from the Strand to Waterloo-bridge


, where I sat down, and fell asleep; I had then a hat, a handkerchief, a watch, and my money - I was awoke by the Policeman, and missed them.


                  JOHN 
                  CRISPIN RAWLEY
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On the morning of the 14th of July, I was on duty in the Strand, about two o'clock, and saw the prosecutor and the prisoner - the prosecutor seemed to wish to get rid of him- I told the prisoner I did not believe he had any knowledge of the prosecutor; he said he had known him for four or five years; I soon afterwards saw the prosecutor asleep on the bridge - he had no hat on - I awoke him, and he complained of his loss; I took the prisoner about three o'clock the same morning - I took from him this hat, five half-crowns, three sixpences, and two shillings, but no watch.


                  GEORGE 
                  HORN
               



            . These are my property.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. You were in liquor? A. Yes; I had been to the Theatre, and might have been in two or three houses - I know my hat was not changed at any of these houses.


                  JOHN 
                  RATTRAY
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prosecutor and prisoner walking towards Waterloo-bridge - one of them had his handkerchief hanging out, and I told him of it; I saw them turn, and both fall down - I assisted to help the prosecutor up - he then walked towards Waterloobridge; he appeared to have been drinking - the prisoner said, "He is an acquaintance of mine," and walked after him.
Cross-examined. Q. When they fell down were their hats off? A. Yes, and they might be changed at that time.
J. C. RAWLEY. The prisoner had only this one hat when I took him - I recollect seeing their hats fall off, and I particularly noticed the prisoner's hat; he put his own hat on his head, not this one - his hat was a very indifferent one.
Cross-examined. Q. Is not this such a hat as the little boys in the street follow, crying "Shocking had hat?" A. I should think not - I went to the hatter, and found the prosecutor by that means; I took the prisoner opposite Wellington-street.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent. I was very much intoxicated, and cannot say whether that was the gentleman I was with or not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
