





1096. 




JAMES BUCKINGHAM
 and 




PETER HOLDEN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
16th of March, 491bs. weight of lead, value 8s., the goods of 



Seth Smith, their master; and that Buckingham had been before convicted of felony; and 


JOHN CARR


for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.





PATRICK FITZGIBBON
. I am in the employ of Seth Smith, a builder, who is building near Grosven or Terrace, Harton-street, and Eaton-square. I am employed under Woodneld, the foreman of the plumbers—on the morning of the 15th of March, I cut some lead for gutters, by Woodfield's directions—I left a piece of lead remaining on the premises, which the foreman said was a waste piece—he told me to roll it up—it was from forty to fifty lbs. weight—the premises are in the Mews, between Chester-square, and Eaton-square, not far from some buildings in Wilton-cretcent, on the right band corner of Belgrave-square—you can go down Belgrave-square from where the lead was, to the building I have named, but there are several ways to go, one as near as another—you can go through Chapel-street, from the buildings in Chester-square, to the buildings in Belgrave-square—it is a bye way—the straight way would be down the square—I know the house of Carr—it is in Belgrave Mews, at the back of Belgrave-square—I saw the lead, which I left on the premises, in the shop, at half-past eight o'clock on Friday morning, the 16th, when I returned from breakfast—I saw Buckingham and Holden, there were more men there—Carr was not there—Woodfield was—I saw Buckingham take a piece of lead on his shoulder out of the shop, in company with Holden, about a quarter before nine o'clock—they went away together—it was the piece I had left the day before—it is here—(producing it)—I have examined it, and am certain it is the same piece—I was afterwards at Can's house—I was sent for when I came back at one o'clock—I found the officers Edwards and Thatcher there—Holden was in custody—I saw the officers bring the piece of lead down stairs from Carr's house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is not Mr. Carr's a very respectable shop, and he in a very large way of business? A. Not that I know of—I was never in his shop before—I did not measure the shop—I have been in the police, and resigned—I was not discharged—there might be complaints made against me before I resigned—I was nearly three years in the police—there were complaints of neglect of duty, by being late of a morning—I do not know How many complaints were made—there might be a hundred for what I know—I resigned perhaps a week or fortnight after the last complaint—I cannot say How for Carr's house is from where I was at work—I will not swear it is not two hundred yards—I had no notice that I was to be dismissed before I resigned—I was not dismissed.


Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Mr. Smitlh has an extensive business? A. Yes—when I returned at half-past eight o'clock there were about eight persons on the premises, and the foreman among them—Buckingham walked out with the lead, and Holden followed him.

MR. PAYNE. Q. After seeing Buckingham and Holden go away with the lead did you give information to Adams? A. Yes—he is foreman of the joiners.





CON MINING
. I am labourer to Davis, who is a working plumber in Mr. Smith's employ. On Friday morning, the 16th of March, I was in the plutmber's shop, and saw Buckingham and Holden come in—at eight o'clock they had breakfast in the shop, and a little before nine o'clock Woodfield came in—Holden asked him for a piece of lead for a gutter—Buckingham was present—he might be the width of the shop away, he must have heard what was said—Woodfield said, "I have sent up the gutters yesterday"—they were wanted at Grosvenor-crescent—Holden said there was one short—Woodfield, pointed to the lower end of the shop, and said, "There is a piece, you may take that"—Buckingham, who is Holden's labourer, took it up, put it on his shoulder, and walked out of the shop—Holden followed him directly—the lead was not weighed or measured at that time—I saw a piece of Lead afterwards at the police office—I cannot swear it was the same.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Who else was in the shop? A. Davis, and there were men in and out.





WILLIAM ADAMS
. I am foreman of the joiners, at Mr. Smith's. This plan (looking at if) accurately represents the plumber's shop, and the buildings, erecting in Belgrave-square—a person going from the shop to the square would have no business in the Mews, if he went in a direct line—on Friday morning, the 16th of March, I received information from Fitzgibbon, a little before nine o'clock, and followed Buckingham and Holden—I went through a building in Eaton-square, and saw them both in Belgrave-street—Holden was near Eaton-place, and Buckingham had just turned the corner of Chapel-street, which leads to Belgrave Mews—Carr's house is in the Mews—Holden was some distance behind Buckingham—I ran into Chapel-street, and stood by the corner of Belgrave Mews, where I had a view of Carr's house—I stood there about five minutes, and saw Buckingham come out of Carr's house, with the fingers of his right hand in his waistcoat pocket, as if he had put something into his pocket—he had no lead on his shoulder, nor had Holden any that I could see—Buckingham went into the Coachmaker's Arms, a few doors from Carr's—I then returned, and gave information to the police—I accompanied the officer to Carr's house, between twelve and one o'clock—Carr was at home—I asked if he had purchased a piece of lead that morning—he said he had not, that he had been from home to town, to purchase lead, he had been away in short from six that morning—I saw his wife in the shop, and asked her—she said no, there had been no lead purchased—Thatcher, the officer, asked Carr if he would allow him to look round—he said yes, and I believe he also said that was all the sheet lead he had got in the house. pointing to what was in the shop—a few words passed between him and Thatcher, which I do not recollect—I went down into the cellar and found a great quantity of lead—there was sheet lead there—the officers went up stairs and brought down some more lead.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How many tons of lead were there on his premises? A. I suppose two tons—Carr said he was not at home in the morning.






JOHN HONE
. I am gate-keeper at some buildings which Mr. Smith is erecting in Belgrave-square. Holden and Buckingham were taken into custody on Friday, the 16th of March—I remember Holden returning to the premises that morning after breakfast, at near nine o'clock—they were plumbers, at work at that building—Holden returned about nine o'clock—I opened the gate and let him come in—he had no lead with him—I saw Buckingham come in seven or ten minutes after Holden—he bad no lead with him.





JOHN EDWARDS
. On the morning of Thursday, the 15th of March, I received information from Fitzgibbon, and on Friday, the 16th, I went to Carr's shop, a little before one o'clock—I had seen Buckingham and Holden go there about twelve o'clock, and beard Buckingham ask if Mr. Carr was at home—I was close behind Buckingham—I took him into custody, but found nothing on him relating to this charge—my brother-officer took Holden into custody—after they were in custody I and Thatcher went to Carr's house, a little before one o'clock—he came home while we were there—I told him we had received information that a piece of sheet or gutter lead had been sold there about nine o'clock in the morning, and requested him to allow us to look, to see if we could find it—he at first refused, saying all the sheet lead he had was in his shop—I did not hear Thatcher say any thing further, but he called him on one side—we afterwards asked him if he had not a place down in the cellar where he kept lead—he said "Yes, then is some old lead down there, but no new lead"—we then asked him to let us see what there was—I, and Thatcher, Carr, and, I believe, Adams, went down into the kitchen, and found a quantity of lead doubled up—we brought that away—after moving it out of the cellar, Mrs. Carr was in the shop, and I requested permission to go up stains to see if I could find the lead—she at first refused—Carr was not there—I went up stairs, to the top of the house, and in a cock-loft there was a bed at one corner and a cistern in the other, half full of water, and in that cistern I found the piece of lead rolled up, in much the same state as it is now—there was nobody in the room—I brought it down to my brother-officer.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. On the oath yon have taken, did Mr. Carr ever refuse to let you search his shop? A. He hesitated, as I said before—he refused at first to let us see—Thatcher was present, and I believe Adams also—Carr did not say in my presence that he had not been at home all the morning—I do not recollect it.





GEORGE THATCHER
 (police-constable B 17.) I went with Edwards to Caff, on the 16th of March, having received information—Carr came home about the time I got there the second time—the first time I went, at twelve o'clock, I apprehended Buckingham—the second time I went, Carr was at home—that was a little before one o'clock—I asked him if he had any objection to our searching the house—he objected at first, and hesitated—after some considerable time be allowed me, but previous to his allowing me he requested me to accompany him to a public-house, with a friend of his, to take some ale, which I refused—Edwards and Adams were in the shop at the time—they were near enough to hear it—Edwards was invited as well as me—Carr said. "I hope you will not make any great disturbance about this circumstance, as I do not wish this person to know any thing about it," meaning the person that was going to the public-house with him—I do not know who that was—I searched and found a quantity of lead in the kitchen—Edwards found a piece of lead in a extern, and gave it to me in a wet state.


Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. He invited you and Edwards to go into the public-house, in the presence of Adams? A. Yes, it was said in the presence of the three—I know he invited Edwards also—it was a general invitation to the whole three—I have no doubt they must have heard it—I cannot say that Adams was invited—there were three of us—I suppose the invitation was for all—I told the solicitor about this—I will not swear that I said it before the Magistrate—I refused to go to the public-house—I do not know what reply Edwards made—my object was to keep the house in view—Edwards was perhaps two or three yards from me, or two or three feet—we were all close together—I cannot say what reply Adams made—Carr said he had not been at home all the morning.
(Evidence for the Defence.)





WILLIAM NELSON
. I am a master plumber, and live in Harrow-street, Paddington. I remember Friday morning, the 16th of March, the day Carr was taken into custody—about twenty minutes after seven o'clock that morning I went to Mr. Carr's, for the purpose of seeing him—he was not at home—I remained there till about twenty minutes to ten o'clock—I had an appointment at ten o'clock—during all that time he did not come home—I called again two or three days afterwards, and learned that he had been taken into custody—he is a plumber and glazier, in a large way of business.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What time did you leave his house? A. About half-past nine, or twenty minutes to ten o'clock—I remained there from about half-past seven o'clock waiting there, talking to one of his men, and when the men went to breakfast, Mrs. Carr said she expected him in immediately—I saw no man come in a little before nine o'clock with a roll of lead—if there had been I must have seen it—I am confident about the day, it was a Friday morning—I believe it was three weeks last Friday—I had to give in a contract for a job, and I wanted to consult him—I had to give in my contract on the 22nd, and this was on the Friday previous—I never saw Buckingham before—I am quite sure he did not come in with any lead—I carry on business in Harrow-road—I have known Carr about six years—he has carried on that business ever since I have known him—it is not an uncommon thing to have rolls of lead in a cistern half full of water—it might be placed there to repair the cistern, and the water come in after it was put in, before the job was done, and that would stop the job—some one came into the shop while I was there, but not with lead—I did not take particular notice who it was—the person came to the door and asked if Mr. Carr was at home—he was told no—I was talking to two workmen in the shop.





EDWARD EXTON
. I am a plumber. I have been in Mr. Carrs employ, six and a half or seven years—I was at home on the morning Mr. Carr was taken into custody—I went to work about six o'clock, and went back about eight—during that time Mr. Carr was not in his house—I returned from breakfast about half-past eight o'clock—my master was not at home then—Mr. Nelson came in at half-past seven o'clock, and remained there till I returned from breakfast—he left, I should say, at half-past nine o'clock—a person called about a quarter before nine o'clock, and asked if Mr. Carr was at home—I said he was not—I think I have seen that lead before—I cannot swear to the lead which was taken out of my master's cistern—I put some there—the cistern required mending, it was very bad for some time—I had put it in the day before, the 16th of March—there was no water in the cistern at the time—after I cleared the cistern out I was

called away, and did not think of turning the water off, and it came in on Thursday night or Friday morning—my master came home on Friday—I did not see him at all.

MR. PAYNE. Q. When did you begin to mend the holes in the cistern? A. They have not been mended at all—there was water ran through the cistern—there were holes in the cistern, and it also ran out of the pipe—I pat the lead there for a new bottom—it was rolled up—I took it up, thinking it might do with other pieces which had laid on one side for a day or two—I cannot say How long the cistern bad been made—a man came and asked if Mr. Can was at home—I did not take much notice of him—he had nothing with him—Buckingham was there at nine o'clock in the morning—my master keeps his scales in the lower shop—that is the cellar—our shop is very small—we have no convenience for them in the shop—we do not keep sheet lead down in the cellar—these are cuttings.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Does your master do a great deal of business? A. Yes, a great deal.'





MOSES BARNET
. I am a carpenter. On Friday, March 16th, I was with Carr in Pall Mall, between eleven and twelve o'clock—it might be twenty minutes after eleven o'clock—he left me at that time at a house where we were at work together.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What house is it? A. Mr. Vernon's, No. 50—Mr. Carr is the master plumber and painter there, and I am the carpenter.





WILLIAM ADAMS

re-examined. I did not see Holden and Buckingham together—I do not know where they parted—they were within two minutes' walk of Carr's when I last saw them—I am sure Buckingham came out of Carr's house without lead—I saw him at the corner of Chapel-street with a piece of lead on his shoulder, and when he came out of the house he had no lead.
(James Sheppard, Duke-street, Bloomsbury; William Weston, No. 3, Margaret-street, plumber, painter, and glazier; and James Hatton, Castle-court, plumber, painter, and glazier; gave the prisoner Holden a good character.)





JOHN EDWARDS
. I produce the certificate of the prisoner Buckingham's former conviction of felony, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was a witness against him—he is the person.

BUCKINGHAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

HOLDEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Seven Years.

CARR—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
