



1503. 




ELIZA HERRIOTT



 was indicated for stealing on the 
16th of May, 1 pair of ear-rings, value 30l.; 1 brooch, value 2l.; and 1 vinaigrette, values 5s.; the goods of 



Laura Russell, in the dwelling-house of the 


Duke of Cleveland.



MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






MISS LAURA RUSSELL
. I am niece to the Duke of Cleveland—I was staying at his house in St. James's-square in May. On the afternoon of the 9th of May I missed a pair of ear-rings, set with torquoise and diamonds, from my dressing-case in the room I slept in—a short time afterwards I missed a gold brooch, set with turquoise, from the same room—the prisoner was in the service of His Grace, as housemaid, at the time—and had access to the rooms—I had seen the ear-rings on the 13th of April—Ballard, the officer, has since produced the ear-rings, brooch, and vinaigrette—these are them—(looking at them) and they are the articles I lost.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE.Q. You missed the articles at different times? A. Yes; they may have been taken at different times, but I cannot say they were—I do not know whether the vinaigrette and other things were safe when I missed the ear-rings—the ear-rings are worth 30l.,—the dressing-case was on a table in the room.





WILLIAM BALLARD
. I am an officer of Bow-street. In consequence, of information, on the 13th of June, I went down to Reigate, and apprehended the prisoner in the service of a chemist there—the Duke's groom was with me, and asked her if she knew him—she said, "Yes"—I said I was an officer, and had come down to inquire about property lost while she was in the Duke's house—I said I suspected she had sold the things, and purchased a watch with the money—she said she had not, and she had not taken them at all—I said, under the circumstances, I should feel it my duty to take her to London with me, and I wished to search her box—she said it was at Dorking—I asked if she had no box at Reigate—she said, "No"—I said, "You must have something here, and I must go up and see what you have got"—I went up, and found the vinaigrette in a pocket, tied up with other things—she said it was her pocket—I, asked where she got that—she said it was her own, and had been given to her by a friend who was a long way off—next morning we went to Dorking—the persons there refused to let me see the box unless she was present—she after-wards went with me to the house, and a box was produced which she said was hers—I unlocked it with the key which I found in her pocket at Reigate, and found the ear-rings and brooch—she said nothing about them—the Duke's house is in the parish of St. James, Westminster.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Life.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury and Prosecutrix, the Duchess of Cleveland having received a good character with her.

