






Third London Jury - Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1018. 
               
                  
                     REBECCA 
                     BRADSHAW
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ESTHER 
                     BRADSHAW
                  



               
             were indicted, for 


               stealing, on the 1st of April
, 7 handkerchiefs, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bech
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BECH
               



            . I am a silk-mercer
, and live in Bishopsgate-street


. My young woman stood behind me, while I was showing some handkerchiefs to the prisoners, and after she had stood some time, she gave me some information, and not seeing some handkerchiefs which I knew I had laid on the counter, I charged the prisoners with taking them - they denied it; I sent for a constable- my young woman searched and found the handkerchiefs on them; these are my property - I believe there were no other persons in the shop at the time; I am not quite certain whether a little boy was not there.


                  SARAH 
                  HEATHER
               



            . On the 1st of April I was in the employ of the prosecutor; the prisoners came in, and he showed them some handkerchiefs - I saw Rebecca Bradshaw take the handkerchiefs off the counter, and secrete them under her clothes: I did not see the othertouch them, but she was close to her - I told what I had seen; the constable was sent for - he directed me to search 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Bradshaw
               



            ; I found the handkerchiefs concealed on her - she gave no account of them - they were perhaps a quarter of an hour in the shop - they asked for silk handkerchiefs.
Prisoner Rebecca Bradshaw. This prisoner went to pay off something, not to buy any thing. Witness. No she did not.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. I went and found the property on Rebecca Bradshaw; I directed the witness to take it from her - there were five handkerchiefs in one piece, and two in the other; Rebecca said the other knew nothing of it - I found 8 3/4d. on them.
Prisoner Rebecca Bradshaw. I trust you will have mercy on me; it was distress - this female is innocent.


                  REBECCA 
                  BRADSHAW
               



             - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.


                  ESTHER 
                  BRADSHAW
               



             - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
