




549. 




SUSAN HICKIEN
 and 




SARAH HOPWOOD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
20th of January, 7 printed books, value 3l. 17s.; 1 pincushion, value 1l.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 8s.; 2 scent bottles, value 10s.; 30 prints, value 18s.; 2 jars, value 15s.; 1 comb, value 2s.; 6 counters, value 6s.; and 2 embossed cards, value 1s.; the goods of 



Charles Wilthew, in the dwelling-house of 



Elizabeth Wilthew.






CHARLES WILTHEW, ESQ
. I am a Colonel in the Columbian service, and live with my mother, at No. 4, Edge ware-road, in the parish of Paddington. The prisoners were servants to my mother—Hickien was the cook, and Hopwood the house-maid—in October, I missed several articles, and accused the prisoners of it—they denied all knowledge of it—I received two anonymous letters afterwards, and requested my mother to discharge them, but it was not done—on account of information I received in one of the letters, and other information which I received afterwards, I went down to Tooting, in Surrey, last Tuesday week, in company with an officer, to the house of Mr. Ricardo, and requested to speak to Fanny Hendy, who was in his service—the officer told her who he was, and asked her if she had not a box—she immediately said she had, and gave it up, locked—it was forced open in my presence—it contained a variety of articles, and among the rest, those stated in the indictment, which belong to me—we came to town—the officer took the box, and next morning two officers came and took the prisoners into custody at my mother's house—Hickien went into the front parlour, and the other into the back parlour, where I was—I told her I was very sorry for her, for I believed she was a very good girl when she came into my mother's service, and that she had been corrupted by the other—I asked if she knew Fanny Hendy—she said she did not—I asked if she never went out for a holiday with such a person—she said she went out with a young woman, but did not know her name—their trunks were searched, but nothing found belonging to me—we went into the other parlour, where the other officer and Hickien, the cook, were—some questions were asked respecting the box found at Tooting—they denied all knowledge of it—one of the officers said, "Perhaps you will recollect the contents of the box, if I read you a list of the articles," which he did—Hickien then said, "Well, Sir, since you have found out about the box, I confess that we did take the things, but we throw ourselves on your mercy, and if you will forgive us, you shall never hear of our doing wrong again"—she said they had merely taken the books to read, and after I had made a disturbance about them they were afraid to put them back—I said, "Then I suppose you took the linen and other things to read too;" and that I had missed so many things I could not forgive them—the property is worth 7l. 7s., at the lowest value.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was the officer present when you had the conversation with Hickien? A. Yes—I am certain she said we took them—I missed the articles from time to time—as I missed them, I

inquired for them—I missed them all within a few days—they were left on the drawing-room table—my mother did not send them away when I requested her—she had not a high opinion of them, but she is an elderly person, and too indulgent to servants, and did not wish to have new faces in the house—both the prisoners have been excessively impudent to me—I have not been particularly angry with them—I never spoke an angry word to them before the articles were missed—I do not meddle with the servants—all these articles belong to me—I have had them in my possession since August—most of them were given to me.





PHILIP PARISH
. I am a policeman. I was fetched to the house, and heard the conversation between the Colonel and the prisoners—Hidden said, "I hope you will forgive us"—I said, "Why do you say us?" she said, "We are both guilty alike"—I fetched Hopwood into the room, and Hickien said, "Sarah, I have confessed that we are both guilty—now pray with me, that we may be forgiven"—she made no answer—I found a key on Hickien, which fits the box found at Tooting.





FANNY HENDY
. I am servant to Mr. Ricardo at Tooting. I have known Hickien about twelve months, and Hopwood longer—the box was sent to me by Hopwood, and I kept it till I gave it up to the officer.

Cross-examined. Q. Did Hopwood say she sent it at the request of any body? A. I was to take care of it for Hickien.

Hickien. Sarah Hopwood is quite innocent.

HICKIEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.

HOPWOOD—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.
Stealing under the value of £5.




Transported for Seven Years.

Hopwood recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury.

There was another indictment against the prisoners.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.
