






1464. 




THOMAS CONNOR,


 GEORGE BRATT,



 JAMES SANDS
, and 



HENRY CHURCHILL
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
12th of March, 150lbs. weight of lead, value 1l. 5s. the goods of 



Daniel Smith, and fixed to a certain building.






HENRY CAVELL
. I am a plasterer's labourer. I live opposite Mr. Daniel Smith's warehouse, which is in Woolpack-yard, Kent-street—on the 12th of March, about half-past eleven o'clock in the evening, I was looking out of window, and there were some men below—at twelve o'clock some man went from the bottom room of the house I was in, to the end of the court, and some person went past the court—the man who went from the house came back again, and said, "Now then," and immediately something was thrown off the roof of the warehouse—it was white, and I thought it was a dead body rolled up in a sheet—I called Thomas Dennead to look at it—he got out of bed, in the room where I was, and looked at it—there were then two men on the roof of the warehouse—I saw them, but did not know who they were—after that I saw one man drop from the top of the warehouse, down by the water-closet—he came straight across, and to the room I was in—it was Connor—we asked him what it was he threw off the warehouse—he said about 2 cwt of lead—be then borrowed the key of the young man I was stopping with, and went down stairs to the bottom room of the house I was in.





THOMAS DENNEAD
. I live in the same room with Cavell—he called me, I got out of bed, and saw two men crossing the road with the lead, and saw two men on the roof—I saw them come down by the spout, and jump on the water-closet—the lead was brought into the room under mine—Sands was one of the men who brought it, and I think that Bratt was the other, but he has a different dress on now—Bratt and Sands live in a room in the next court—I had known them before—Connor then came to me and borrowed the key—he said he turned down about 2 cwt of lead—I saw lead the next morning under a table in Connor's room.





JANE JOHNSON
. I lodge at the house in Woolpack-yard. At two o'clock, on Wednesday, the 13th of March, I went into Connor's room for a light—I saw some lead partly up the chimney, and part in the fire-place—it was black, and I asked if it was leather—Connor said, "Yes"—there was a frying pan under the grate, and the melted lead fell into the pan.





CHARLES BURRIDGE
 (police-constable M 77.) I went into Connor's room on that Wednesday, and apprehended him with Bratt and Sands—they were lying on the bed—I found no lead there.





JOHN BLAZER
 (police-constable M 145.) I went to Connor's room, and found a small piece of lead on the table, and some melted lead in the fire-place.





DANIEL SMITH
. This was my warehouse, and was stripped off its

lead—I had seen it all safe in the afternoon, previous to its being taken—I lost about forty square feet of lead from the front of the warehouse.

JURY
to
THOMAS DENNEAD. Q. Can you speak to Sands positively? A. Yes, he was one who picked up the lead—I was about thirty yards from him—Connor and Churchill were on the top of the roof and came down by the water-closet—I think Brett was one who picked up the lead.

Connor's Defence, The persons who have come against me have all sworn falsely—the first witness goes about begging with a soldier's jacket on—the other witnesses are the same.

Sands Defence. I know no more about it than a child.

Churchill's Defence. I was not near the place.

CONNOR—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.

SANDS—


GUILTY
. Aged 42.—



Confined Six Months.

BRATT AND CHURCHILL—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

