



2160. 




GEORGE WILLIAMS
 was indicted

for feloniously and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Rowlett, about the hour of eight o'clock in the night of the 
20th of September, at 
St. Marylebone, with intent to steal, and feloniously and burglariously stealing therein 21bs. of pudding, value 6d.; 1 purse, value 1d.; and four sovereigns; his property.







LYDIA ROWLETT
. My husband is a carman, and lives in Manchestermews, St. Marylebone. On Saturday, the 19th of September, I placed four sovereigns in a purse, and put it in a box in my room—the box was unlocked—nobody lived with us—it is the stable—my husband lived there with me—on the Sunday evening I left the house from half-past six o'clock to a quarter to seven o'clock, to go to church—it was then light—I locked the room door—my husband went out before me—I put the key in a loft, where I always place it—I shut the loft door—the room window was a little way open—there is a door which goes into the mews from the loft—I remember shutting that—a small person might get in at the window—I cannot be positive that I bolted the loft door, but I shut it—I returned at about nine o'clock—my husband unlocked the stable door—I perceived the loft door a little way open—the room door came open before I turned the key, so that it had been opened—I went into the room and found two pieces of white paper on the table, which had been in my teachest—I went to my box, the purse and money were gone—my husband had come home with me from church—I found the safe door open, and missed a pudding out of a dish.





ELIZABETH COLE
. I live in Manchester-mews. On Sunday evening the 20th of September, about five minutes before eight o'clock, I observed the prisoner going up the news, walking very quick, with a bundle under his arm, at a good distance form the stable—I said nothing to him—I had known him four or five years—I am quite sure he is the boy.





BENJAMIN CLIFT
. I live in North-street. I have known the prisoner some time—he lives at No. 25, North-street. On Sunday night the 20th of September, he came to my house at about half-past eight o'clock, and said, "Will you come with me?"—we went to the top of North-street, and he pulled out a sovereign, and then he called me to give me a piece of pudding—when he shewed me the sovereign he said, "Will you come and change it?"—he said, "We will go to the cook's shop in Holborn, and buy something—he went into the cook's shop, and bought a knuckle of ham, some beef, and potatoes, and changed the sovereign there—we then went into a coffee-shop in Union-street—I asked him where he got the money form—he said, "Never mind that, come with me"—we eat the beef and ham with carrots and potatoes in the coffee-shop, and then I went home—next morning, the 21st of September, he called me at about six o'clock, and I went to Billingsgate with him—we had some coffee, at a coffee-shop there with the change of the sovereign, and then we went to the Thamestunnel, but did not go into it—he then said, "We will go to the Surrey Theatre," and in crossing the bridge he pulled out a purse, took out two sovereigns, and chucked the purse over Westminster-bridge, with a stone in it—it was a brown purse with a little ring, and thick ring.

Prisoner. He went with me, and told me to put the stone into the purse, and throw it over the bridge.





ARTHUR GORE
. I am a policeman. I received information of the robbery, and a description of the prisoner—on the 6th of October, I met him in Hinde-street, Manchester-square—I asked him if he did not go by the name of Jockey Williams—he said he went by that name—I neither threatened nor made him any promise—I asked him if he was not the boy Mr. Rowlett charged with stealing four sovereigns—he said he had got none of the money then—I took him into custody, and brought him to the station-house—I found nothing on him.





JAMES PAGET
. I received information from Mr. Rowlett, and saw the

prisoner—I asked if his name was Williams—he said, "Yes"—I asked if he was the boy who had stolen the four soverigns from Mr. Rowlett—he said, Yes, he was—I asked if he had not forced the lock of the box—he said, "No, the box was open"—I did not make him any threat or promise.

Prisoner's Defence. The boy enticed me to get the money—I went and got it, and called him—I asked him to come with me—he said, "Yes," and we went down Tottenham-court-road, and got change of a sovereign—after that he told me to call him in the morning, and I did—we went round to the Thames-tunnel, and next morning went down to Westminster-bridge—he told me to put the stone into the purse, and throw it over the bridge, and he went with me to the Surrey Theatre twice, and had part of the money.




GUILTY* of Stealing only. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.

