








561. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     SEDLEY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     POTTER
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of February
, 4 sovereigns, and 1 half sovereign, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Wright
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I am a canal boatman
, and live at Droitwich, in Worcestershire. On the night of the 2nd of February I went to the British Lion, in the City-road; my mate was with me - Sedley and Potter came in - one of the company asked them to drink, and they had some beer at my expence; I then sent my mate to see to my horse, and when he returned, he brought some bottles back for me - Sedley asked me what I was going to do with them; I said, "To take some gin to some of my neighbours;" she said I should not have them filled there, she could take me to a place where I could get it better and cheaper - I then went with her, Potter, and my mate, to another public-house, where I got them filled; I had some gin and cloves there - Sedley, Potter, and my mate, had some rum; we then all went to the prisoners' house - I agreed to give Sedley 3s. to sleep with her: we had some more gin and cloves there, and I and Sedley went into a bed, in which there was another woman - I had put my waistcoat and breeches under the pillow, in which I had my pocket-book, with a 5l. note, and four sovereigns and a half, and some silver lapped up; I cannot tell whether I put out the candle or Sedley, but, after we had been some time in bed, Sedley had one arm under my head, and the other over me - I heard some hand handling of paper: I then listened and heard my pocketbook drop on the floor; I made an excuse that I wanted to get up, to which she objected, but I did get out, and, on getting out, I trod on my waistcoat, took it up, and the pocket-book was not in it; I then felt on the floor, and found my pocket-book open - I called my man, and said,"I am robbed;" he came into the room - we looked, and found the 5l. note in my pocket, but the sovereigns, and half sovereign, were gone; Potter then came into that room, but I did not see Smith till after the officer came - neither Smith nor Potter were in the room when I lost my money; I opened the window, and called Police! two sovereigns were afterwards found on Potter, and one sovereign in Smith's month, but that was in the lower room - I am positive it was Sedley took my money; I think it must have been conveyed to the other; when my man and Potter came up, I had charged Sedley with having my money, and she said, "Search your pockets" - I felt, and found the 5l. note, and some silver loose in my pocket.


                  JOHN 
                  HAYFORD
               



             (Police-constable G 184). I was on duty, and went to the house in Garden-row


, between two and three o'clock in the morning I saw the prosecutor calling out of the window - the door was opened; I went up stairs, and found Sedley, Potter, and another female in the room; the prosecutor said he had been robbed of four sovereigns and a half - I asked where it was; they said they had never seen it; Sedley said, if I would go about my duty, they would make it all right with the boatman - I then attempted to search them; they objected - I sprang my rattle, and Colee came to my assistance; we got them down stairs, and after a great struggle, I found one sovereign on Potter, and Colee found another - Potter kicked me and bit me very much; I found nothing on Sedley.


                  HENRY 
                  COLEE
               



             (Police-constable 
               G. 
            126) I assisted this officer to search Potter - I found a sovereign between her shift and stays - that was in the lower room; I saw Smith sitting on the bed, and she had a sovereign in her mouth - I charged her with it, and it was gone, but it was afterwards found close by the bed, in the lower room.
Smith. Q. You did not see it in my mouth? A. Yes, I did.


                  FREDERICK 
                  MILES
               



             (Police-serjeant G 14). I went to the house, and found a woman ill - I told her to go to bed, which she did, I then found two half-crowns on the cushion she had sat on.
Sedley's Defence. I went to the British Lion, and saw the prosecutor sitting there - he asked me to drink some half-and-half, which I did, and so did Potter; he then sent his mate for two bottles, and asked where he could get good gin - some person said at the Weaver's Arms, and we went there, and had seven quarterns of gin - we came out, and he wanted me to go home with him, but I refused, as he had a wife and family, but at last I took him home; after some time, he said he had lost some money - I said, "Get out and look for it," which he did, but there was none there.
Potter's Defence. The two sovereigns found on me, were given me by a young man - one was for myself, and one for him to buy some shirts; I was not in the room where the prosecutor was - his mate was in the room close to me, and must have seen if any money passed between us.
SEDLEY - GUILTY. Aged 20.
POTTER - GUILTY. Aged 22.




               Of stealing only
            . - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SMITH - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
