



2382. 




BENJAMIN MARTIN
 was indicted

for feloniously forging, on the 
20th of September, at 
Ratcliff, a bill of exchange for the payment and value of 19l. 18s., with intent to defraud 



George Edward Stagg.—2nd COUNT: stating it to before uttering the same.


Mr. Ballantine conducted the Prosecution.






GIORGE EDWARD STAGG
. I am a file manufacturer, and live at Sheffield. In August last I came to town, and was staying at the Thatched House tavern, in the Strand—on the 1st of August the prisoner called on me there—I did not know him before—he said he was recommended to me—that Mr. Wilson his partner, who lived in Regent's-park, was connected with the Customs, and had considerable influence, and if I could supply articles well he should be able to purchase to a largte-amount—he appointed to meet me at a coffee-house at half-past seven o'clock next morning, but did not come, and I returned to Sheffield—about ten or eleven days afterwards I received this letter—(looking at one)—(I saw the prisoner afterwards, and told him I had received his letter—I do not know that he made any remark—he did not deny it being his letter)—it contained an order, signed "B. Martin & Co."—in consequence of that order, I supplied the goods directly, as mentioned in the letter, amounting to 16l. 10s. 7d.—a few days afterwards I saw the prisoner again—he came to my house at Sheffield—I asked him how he liked the goods—he said he had not received any, and said I had not sent any—I took him to the warehouse, and showed him a sample of the goods that were made over what I had sent—he said they would do very well—I took him to the wagon-office, and convinced him they had been sent, and he said he would pay me for them—I went with him to where he was staying, and he said, "I will pay you now," and he took out an invoice which I had sent him of the first goods—he said I might send the other goods—he did not name any particular quantity—he said I might send what was in the warehouse in a box—they were files, and came to better than 20l.—they were sent off to the wagon-office before we went to his lodgings—when we got there, he asked for the invoice, and said he would pay me for both together, which was 37l., odd—I received these two bills from him in payment—they are for 19l. 18s., and 19l. 11s. which was more than the amount—I gave him a memorandum to make up the difference—I asked him who John Watson, the drawer of one of them, was, and he told me—a friend of mine wrote down what he said in my presence—I asked him who Richard Houghton was, and my friend wrote down his answer—I saw what my friend wrote—it was, according

to what the prisoner stated—I sent that paper afterwards up to town for inquiry to be made—this is the paper—(looking at it)—I did the same with regard to another bill—I saw the names on another bill taken down—I sent the particulars of the whole four bills up to town on the same paper Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was it not arranged when you first saw him in the Strand that if he could not call on you next morning he was to write to you for the goods he might want? A. I do not remember that—I gave him my address at Sheffield—he did not say anything about writing, but that he would call next morning—I do not think he gave me his name and address at that time—I think I received his address in the letter—I do not remember his giving it me in the Strand—(looking at a letter)—this is my writing—I believe there was some delay in complying with the prisoner's request—when he came to me at Sheffield, and I satisfied him the goods were sent off a negotiation commenced for more goods—I had consented to take his acceptance—I did not understand that I should draw a bill on him, and he accept it—I proposed that I should draw on him, but instead of that, he gave me the bills produced—it was in consequence of my asking a grocer whether the bills were good, that the addresses were taken down—one Ballard took them down the morning after my interview with the prisoner, on this piece of paper—I did not see it taken down on anything but that—the prisoner was present when it was written, and it was from his mouth it was put down—I should think he could see what the grocer wrote—he could see as well as I could if he looked—I cannot say whether he took the paper in his hand after it was written—when the grocer wrote it down the prisoner asked him if there was anything more he could put down—the second quantity of goods were sent to the wagon-office—I do not know where they are now—I paid the carriage of them—I have not made inquiry about them since I came here—the bills were given to me on the 2nd of October, I think—I came to town about the bills, I think, on the 11th or 12th of this month, before the prosecution was instituted—the bills will not be due till November—the prisoner offered to take one of the bills back if I did not like them, when the names were taken down—he did not name any one—I did not give it him, but I was not satisfied.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When you first saw the prisoner in London, did he state that he had a partner, and that they were in a large way of business? A. He did—I believed him, from those representations, to be a person of credit—I did not take the names down myself—I heard what the prisoner said—I overlooked the grocer, and saw what he wrote—when the prisoner offered to take back one bill, he did not offer to substitute money for it—he had then only received the 16l. parcel of goods—the other had not gone then—they were at the wagon-office, but had not quitted Sheffield.
(Paper read)—"John Watson, ship owner, 30, Duke-street, Spitalfields; Richard Houghton, ship-owner, 51, Broad-street, Ratcliff; William smith, market-gardener, Covent-garden; and Edward Yellond, gentleman, 5, Norfolk-street, Strand.





OLIVER WILCOCK
. I received this paper from Mr. Ballard at Sheffield, who I do business with. I made inquiry about Watson of Duck street, and Houghton, a ship-owner, and no such persons are know there at all—they knew nothing of them—a bricklayer named Pink lived at Watson's address—I did not inquire in the neighbourhood

only at the No. of the house it was addressed to—I. inquired at No. 36, Fitzroy-market, for Coleman, and no such person was known there.





JOHN COPP
. I am clerk to Child and Co., bankers. There is no John Coleman, of No. 36, Fitzroy-market, keeping, an account at our house.

GOODENOUGH. I live at No. 36, Fitzroy-market, and have done so two years, and in other parts of the market for nearly seven yean—no John Coleman has lived at No. 36, for the last two years—I never heard of such a person as connected with the market.





THOMAS PINK
. I live at No. 8, Duke-street, Spitalfields. I lived at No. 30, Duke-street, until last Monday morning, for five years and eight months—I never knew of a John Watson living in the house—I know no such person—I do not know a ship-owner of that name.





MARY ANN LEEMINO
. I am landlady of the house, No. 51, Bread-street, Ratcliff. I have lived there five years, and my husband forty-three—I never knew of any Houghton, a ship-owner, living there at any time.

The bills were here read.
One was dated 20th Sept. 1838, drawn on John Coleman, No. 36, Fitzroy-market, by John Watson, for 19l. 18s. accepted, payable at Child's bank—another, for 19l. 11s., dated 21st Sept, 1838, addressed to Mr. James Richardson, Union-street, Paddington, drawn by William Smith.
(Letter)—"16th August, 1838. 64, Broad-street, Ratcliff."Sir,—It was impossible to meet you on the morning before your departure according to promise—I have sent you a small order for a specimen of your manufacture—(here followed an order for a variety of goods)—please to answer by letter of post, how long it will take to execute it.
"B. MARTIN AND CO."





ROBERT DAVIS
, (policeman F 98.) I took tie prisoner into custody, about the 14th of October, at the Grapes, in King-street, Covent-garden—I watched him, and found on him six letters, six bills of exchange, and a memorandum.
(Witnesses for the Defence.)





HENRY MARTIN
. I am the prisoner's son. I work at Miller and Ravenhill's, engineers, in Glass-house-street, Ratcliff—I sleep at home, and take my meals at my father's, in Broad-street, Ratcliff—he carries on business there—On Saturday, the 22nd of September, I recollect seeing a person named Lee, with my father, while I was at home at dinner-time—I had seen him several times before coming backwards and forwards to the house—I do not know whether he had dealings with my father—I saw him on that occasion give my father some bills—my attention was not directed to them—I should not know them if I saw them again—since this charge has been made against my father, I have endeavoured to find Lee, but cannot do so any where—he used to live at No. 30, Duke-street, Spitalfields—I have inquired there and at other places, but cannot find him.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Are you quite certain the day this took place was on the 22nd of September? A. Yes;. I had not seen any dealing take place between Lee and my father—I never saw him give my father bills on any other occasion—I do not know what Lee is—I do not know a person named Yellond—I have not made inquiry after him myself—there has been inquiry made—I do not know any such person.





BENJAMIN BEDDOW CROSS
. I am clerk to Mr. Biggs, the solicitor. In consequence of a communication with our client, Mr. Stagg, I called at the prisoner's address—I found him living there—I found

the name of Martin over the door, and saw a female in the shop who I supposed to be his wife—I did not leave my direction there—I was informed Mr. Martin would be in in the course of the evening—I went there again, at six o'clock the same evening, and saw him in his shop—I told him I came from Mr. Stagg, the prosecutor, and wished to say something on the subject of the bills he had given him—we had then withdrawn to a private part of the shop, there being somebody there—he hurried me away, stating that he would call on me any where I wished—I gave him my address—he seemed to wish me to leave, in consequence of a person being in the shop—he was to call that evening, but he called at ten o'clock the following morning—he had told me he could not come till late in the evening—I told him, the parties could not be found whose names appeared on the bills—in answer to which, he smiled, and said, "If you don't know where they live, and can't find them, I do," and put himself in a position of defiance—he threatened to prosecute Mr. Stagg, for not sending the second parcel of goods—he admitted having received the first—he said he had given him 40l. in bills, and had only received 16l. worth of goods—I did not tell him, if he did not take the bills back he must take the consequences—I said, "Have you any proposal to make about them?"—he said, "Nothing at all"—I said, "Then I have nothing to say to you, then I must seek my remedy"—nothing was said about seeing him again in two hours, or about his being in Covent Garden—after this interview, I saw Mr. Stagg, and a policeman, and took him into custody in Covent Garden, but nothing was said about Covent Garden—I happened to find him there—I do not recollect any proposition being made to him to take the bills back and give money for them—I said, "Have yon any thing to propose?"—of course, I meant, had he the money to give, and take his bills back?—he complained before that, about not receiving his goods, and threatened a prosecution.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. In any part of the conversation, did he mention Lee? A. No—he referred to the parties—he said, "I know where to find them, if you do not"—when he left the office, I set a clerk to watch him, and from his information he was taken at the Grapes.
(Henry Hambury, saw-maker, 11, Hart-street, Covent Garden; William Mills, carver and gilder, 17, Waterloo-road; and James Richards, potatodealer, Borough-market; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY of uttering. Aged 34.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
