



828. 




ROBERT HEDGELAND
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of March, 1 half-crown and 2 shillings, the monies of 



Edward Houlston, his master.






WILLIAM HOULSTON
. I am the son of Edward Houlston; he is a prater, and lives in Paternoster-row; the prisoner was in his service. I had missed some money last Monday, and that night I marked twenty-seven sovereigns, sixteen half-crowns, and some more money, which I put into various drawers in a bureau—I locked it, and kept the key—on the following morning I directed that the prisoner should clean the brass plate on the door of the room where the money was, and I went out with my wife and children; but I left them at a neighbour's, and returned—I found the prisoner still engaged at his job in that room—I waited with Johnson at the foot of the stairs till we heard him leave, and Johnson, by my direction, went to meet him, and told him to go to the floor above, to set him about a job there—the prisoner made an excuse that he must first put his rags down—he came down for that purpose, and I drew on one side—he put down his rags, and went up stairs—I then went into the room where I had left the money—I counted it, and, instead of twenty-seven sovereigns, I found twenty-six; and instead of sixteen half-crowns, only fifteen—I did not count the small silver then—I went up stairs, and told the prisoner to put down the money he had about him—he said, "What money, what money? I have got none but my own"—he then put down four shillings, a sixpence, a bad shilling, and a half-crown—the half-crown and two of the shillings were marked—I then gave him in charge—I went and counted the shillings—I missed two—the sovereign we could not find—we suppose he had it in his mouth—the officer searched him, and a key dropped from him, which fitted my bureau—the prisoner said it was his key.

Prisoner. The half-crown the prosecutor gave me on the Saturday night before. Witness. No, I had no marked money then.





HENRY JOHNSON
. I met ray master on the stairs—the prisoner went down to take his rags, but I still had a perfect sight of him till he went up stairs, and was taken.
(Peter Gardner, a tailor, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years.
