





785. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TOMKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of March
, 2 umbrellas, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Storer
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  STORER
               



            . I am an umbrella-maker
, and live in Ratcliff-highway


. I lost two silk umbrellas on the 24th of March, between three and five o'clock in the afternoon; I was from home at the time they were taken.
Cross-examined. Q. When had you seen them before they were taken? A. Within a week - I had not attended to my shop that day.


                  MARY 
                  ANN STODDART
               



            . I am the prosecutor's niece. I was in the parlour, and saw a man in the shop - I looked up, thinking it was a customer, and he ran out with two umbrellas in his hand; I ran after him - he was running as fast as be could; they cried Stop thief! and he dropped the umbrellas; a person took them up, and gave them to me - the person who dropped them ran away, and I did not see him stopped; there were several pursuing him - I took the umbrellas and went in: I think the prisoner is the man who was in the shop, but I cannot be certain - I saw him in custody five or ten minutes afterwards.
Cross-examined. Q. You were in the back parlour? A. Yes; the shop is not very large - the door from the shop to the parlour was open; I was sitting with my face to the shop, and was working.


                  MARY 
                  ELIZABETH MAY
               



            . I live opposite the shop. On the 24th of March I saw the prisoner go into the shop - I am sure he is the man; I saw him come out with two umbrellas on his arm, and run away with them - I was running over, and saw Stoddart when I got on the curb.
Cross-examined. Q. How wide is the street? A. I think about twelve yards; our house is directly opposite: I swear the prisoner is the man - I do not know that I had seen him before.

JOHN RIGG. I am a Police-officer. I was in Back-lane, near Ratcliff-highway, and saw a great number of persons mustering; I went up, and found the prisoner, who had dropped down, surrounded by the people - I took him on the place, and brought these umbrellas; I found nothing material on him.
Cross-examined. Q. He had not the umbrella in his possession? A. No; I understood he had dropped them, but I did not see that.


                  MARY 
                  ANN STODDART
               



            . I gave Rigg these umbrellas.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
