





2290. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MURRAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of October
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Nathaniel 
                           Blond
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  NATHANIEL 
                  BLOND
               



            . I live in Northumberland-street, New-road. I was in Wardour-street


 on the 1st of October; a person called my attention to my handkerchief, and I missed it from my pocket - it was safe a quarter of an hour before, when I came from home - it was found.


                  GEORGE 
                  WHITEHEAD
               



            . In the forenoon of the 1st of October, I was standing at my shop-door in Wardour-street; I saw the prisoner with another boy about his size - they were walking close behind the prosecutor; I saw one of them make a motion to his pocket; the prisoner then took his handkerchief out, and walked down Edward-street - I went and told the prosecutor; just before I got to the prosecutor, I saw the prisoner shift the handkerchief to the other boy; they then went towards Kemp's-court - I secured the prisoner in Kemp's-court; I had only lost sight of him while I spoke to the prosecutor - I followed them, and saw them together again.


                  JAMES 
                  GREENWAY
               



             (Police-constable C 123). I secured the prisoner and the property.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along the court; I saw Mr. Blond and Whitehead - they took me, but found nothing on me; another boy said "There he goes!" and the man ran after another lad - they then brought the handkerchief; I was indicted here before, and you gave me ten days and a flogging; when I went to my father, there was no home for me, and I was doing something to try to get into the refuge, as my father told me to go on the same rig again.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
