





308. 




WILLIAM RANCE,



 STEPHEN CASEY
, and 



GEORGE SHACKELL
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
13th of December, at 
Harrow-on-the-Hill, 1 ewe, value 20s.; the property of 



John Copeland.—2nd COUNT, for killing the said ewe, with intent to steal the carcase.






THOMAS DUGGAN
. I am a Bow-street patrol, and have been so almost three years. I was at Harrow-on-the-Hill, on the 13th of December, about a quarter past eleven o'clock at night—I received information that there was some mutton hanging in a tree near the Black Horse, about a mile and a quarter from Harrow, and about a mile from the prosecutor's—I went to the tree and watched by the side of a ditch—the tree was in a field some distance from the village—I concealed myself having ascertained that the mutton was there, concealed in an oak tree—there were two legs and a shoulder, and liver—I concealed myself, to watch—Watson was in another place, and in about two minutes, I saw the three prisoners come out of the Black Horse public-house, and walk down to the sign-post, in the road—they stood near the post and conversed a short time, and then came on, down opposite to the tree where the mutton hung—I could see very plainly into the tree—I was on my horse about ten or twelve yards off—a gentleman passed on horseback—one of the men, I think it was Shackell, said to him, "Good night"—as soon at he was gone, Shackell said, "All's right"—the two others jumped over the

gate, got a little way under the hedge, went to the tree, and took the mutton down—Shackell had a little dog which found me out behind the tree, and barked—and on that, Shackell came to the gate and wanted to know who that was—the other two prisoners came into the road—I jumped over the gate, passed Shackell, and met the other two coming to him—I collared them both, and said, "I want you"—they laughed in my face—Watson followed them over the gate—I called to him to take Shackell, which he did—we took them all three to the Black Horse—they had brought the mutton from the tree—as soon as I secured them, they threw a piece of the mutton down, and at the Black Horse door threw another piece down—Watson picked it up—we took them into the public-house—one of them slipped a knife down on the form, I do not know which—Watson took it up, and asked the landlord and landlady if it belonged to them—they said not—the prisoners would not own the knife—I searched Rance, and found in his pocket the liver of a sheep, quite fresh—I took it out, and asked where he had it from, and said he was not bound to answer, but he could do as he thought proper—they said they wanted something to eat and drink, and they had something—I handcuffed the two, and went to handcuff Shackell—he said he would not be handcuffed—but would walk with me—I said he must be handcuffed—I threw him down, and he was handcuffed—we took them on the road to where I live, at the station near the bridge, in the Harrow-road, and sat up with them all night—next morning I took them to Paddington station-house, and on the road there I asked them how they came by the mutton—Shackell was behind, and could not hear what the other two said—Rance said it was no use telling a lie about it—they had killed the sheep, and the remainder of it laid in a field near Edgeware, by the side of a ditch—I asked at what time they killed it—they said from twelve to two o'clock in the day—I said, "Was not you afraid to kill the sheep in the middle of the day?"—they said they were all of a tremble all the while they were doing it—I said, "In what direction did you come after doing it?"—they said they came across the country road to the Black Horse, went to the Black Horse door, and Rance staid at the door with the mutton, while Casey went in to Shackell, who was in the public-house, and he agreed with him to take the mutton—he was to give them some bread and cheese for the mutton—that he came out and joined Rance—took the mutton into the tree, went back to the public-house, and had some bread and cheese, and afterwards came out to go after the mutton—they said Shackell was not with them when they killed the sheep—I had no couversation with Shackell—I had seen them fetch the mutton out of the tree—I went to Edgeware, but could not find the rest—after returning, I received information that it was found.

SHACKELL. Q. Did Rance tell you I was going to buy the mutton of him? A. He said you had bought it of him, and had given him some bread and cheese, and beer—Casey said the knife I found belonged to Rance's sister.





GEORGE WATSON
. I am a farmer. I assisted Duggan in watching the tree—his evidence is correct—Shackell said to me when I collared him at the gate, "D—n me, master, don't collar me, you know me, I won't run away from you"—as I was taking him to the station-house he said, "I wish I had gone home, master, when I came out of the house; I should have been out of this, for I am innocent of it"—and he afterwards said so again, and said, "If I get off, it will be a great hurt to my character, and perhaps I shall lose my place of work."






JOHN ROSE
. I am bailiff to Mr. John Copeland, of Harrow. He had some sheep at pasture in a field about a mile and a quarter from where the mutton was found—I counted my sheep on Saturday morning—I had fifty ewes and a ram—I missed one ewe on Sunday morning—I searched about, and found in a ditch part of a sheep, all but the two legs, shoulder, and pluck—the hind quarters were very much chopped about—I found the skin in the same field—it had master's mark on it which I had put on myself, "J. C."—I fitted the shoulder into the skin; it tallied exactly—Shackell is a hay-binder.





THOMAS DUGGAN

re-examined. The mutton found in the tree, added to what the bailiff found, made up the whole carcase, except the heart and lights.

Rance's Defence. As I was going across the field to work, about six o'clock in the evening, I saw the mutton lying down in the path—I picked it up, wrapped it up, and carried it on—I went to the public-house, and put it in the tree till I came out of the public-house, and on coming out, the horse patrol saw and took us.

Casey's Defence. As I was coming across the field, I saw the mutton—this young man had 2d. in his pocket—we went and had some bread and cheese, and hung the mutton in the tree.

RANCE†—


GUILTY
. Aged 19

CASEY†—


GUILTY
. Aged 19




Transported for Life.

SHACKELL—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Justice Littledale.

