




2133. 



JOHN BARTHRAM
 and 




CATHERINE LYONS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
28th of August, 1 watch, value 15s.; I watch key, value 2s.; 1 watch-guard, value 2d.; and 1 split ring, value 1d. the goods of 




Jacob Verres, from his person.






JACOB VERRES
 (through an interpreter.) I am a locksmith, and live in Charlotte-court, Kensington. On the night in question, I hired the prisoner Barthram's cab from Whitechapel, to take me to Kensington—I never saw him before—I was later than I expected, and was waiting for an omnibus—I went into a public-house, and had a pint of beer—while I was drinking it I saw an omnibus, but it went on, and I saw the cabman talking to some women—he came to me, and asked where I was going—asked how much to Kensington—he said 3s.—I said, "Very well,

and got into the cab—I told him to drive to Kensington—he drove on a little further, and took in two women—I did not invite them in—they got in—the female prisoner was one of them—I did not expect much good from them, and put one hand in my pocket to mind my money, and the other to take care of my pin—in the meantime I felt my watch gone—I called to the cabman to stop, but he let the horse go faster—I then called a policeman, who came—I hardly knew what I was doing, but the girl got out of the cab and the policeman brought her back—give me my watch into my hand again, when the policeman had brought her to the station, as I came out again she put it into my hand—I cannot say which woman it was—it was the one that was brought back—the other woman ran away—it was the prisoner gave me the watch, but the police. man must know better than me, because he brought her back.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you not a chain and key with your watch? I. A. gold key—I complained of losing that also—. I have only known the interpreter the three months I have been in London—there were a lot of women in the house I went into—I did not eat any thing there—there were not two women in my company there—no woman asked me for a shilling—no woman spoke to me—I could not understand if they did speak to me—I spoke as much English as I could when I was at the police-office, but I did not speak in the public-house—I give my evidence to the Magistrate in English, as well as I could speak—there was no interpreter at the office—I said at the police-office that I kept my bands on my pockets to take care of my money—when the policeman showed me the watch, I complained that my key was lost—that was at the station-house—I did not know the key was gone till I had had the watch again at the station, and then I saw the string was cut—when the policeman came I had not got the watch back—when I got my watch back at the station, I complained that my key was gone—I did not understand what the cabman said.





JOHN CHARLES GOOZEE
. I am a policeman. I was in Turner-street Whitechapel, and heard a cry of, "Police, police, "in an outlandish language very loud—I immediately ran up, and saw the female prisoner jump from a cab—she had got about ten or twelve yards from the cab when I cane up—she was running, and had left behind her a shawl and handkerchief—she did not stop to pick them up, but went on—I caught her and brought her back, gave her shawl and handkerchief, put her into the cab and drove her to the station-house, and there the cabman as well as the girl was charged—when he found he was going to be detained, he said, "If you will look in my cab, you will see the key and the ring"—an officer looked into the cab, and found the key and ring where he said, in the cab—the officer who found it is not here—I did not see him find it—the officer gave it to me by order of the Magistrate—it was stated in the prisoner's presence that it was found in his cab—it was brought in and shown to him—I did not hear him make any remark on it—he was not drunk, but he had been drinking—he did not say how he came to have the girls in the cab—he said nothing—he was asked nothing—I produce the key, ring, watch, and guard—I got the watch from the prosecutor—the guard was attached to it.

Cross-examined. Q. You have said you drove the cab to the station house? A. I ordered it to be driven down—I did not say I drove it down, the man drove it down himself—the prosecutor said, at the station house, that he had lost his key as well as his watch, as well as we could

understand him—the answer Barthram made was, "If he has lost a key, and you look into my cab, you will find it"—he did not say, "If the man has lost a key it is in my cab"—he said, "If you look in my cob you will find it"—those were the words he said before the inspector—he said, "If you have lost a key and ring, if you look in my cab you will find I them"—he said that in the station-house before us all, before the acting inspector and several people—he did not say, "If the man has lost a key it is in my cab"—he mentioned the ring—(looking at his deposition) this is my handwriting—it was read over to me before the Magistrate—I signed it—I was desired to attend to it—he said, "If you have lost a key and ring, if you look in my cab you will find it."
Mr. PHILLIPS called.





JOSEPH COX
. I live with my brother, at a cook-shop in Red Lion-street on the night of the 27th of August the prosecutor came to my shop with two girls, the female prisoner is one of them—they were all three in company—two plates of ham were ordered and cut—I was just about to serve them with it—I heard the females ask the prosecutor for a shilling, and at the moment they asked for a shilling they all three got up and went out—I will swear they went out together—the prosecutor appeared intoxicated—he could not walk straight as he went out.

COURT. Q. Are we to understand that they were in company, conversing and communicating together, and that the girls forced themselves on his society f A., One of the girls came, and then the prosecutor came in with' the others, they down together—I could not hear him speak—I head them speak to him, and ask him for a shilling—I did not hear him say a word to them—I heard him mumble something as he went out or the door—he did not call for any thing, nor speak to them in my presence—I do not know whether they were with him by his consent or not.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did he sit at table with them? A. Yes, about a minute—they got up together and went out together—I saw no shyness about him, to keep them off.

COURT. Q. Did he come in, sit down, call for nothing, then get up and go out? A. Yes—I do not know the prisoner, Barthram—I cannot say that I have ever seen him.

Q. How did they know that you knew any thing about this, then? A. A gentleman called on me, and said they came here for the meat, and I said I saw them—I do not see the gentleman here—this is one of the gentlemen (Osborne)—there were two of them came.





WILLIAM OSBORNE
. I live on what property I have, in Morgan-street, Mile-end. I have known Barthram between ten and eleven years—he always bore a very good character, indeed—a very nice little fellow he is.

COURT. Q. How came you to apply to the eating-house keeper? A, We wanted to know where he had been drinking, and I went with the attorney to where it was said in the deposition at the Office they had been—I was not before the Magistrate—I went to ascertain the truth of it—I saw in the deposition what the woman said, as to where they had been drinking and eating the attorney told me what was stated in the deposition. (The prisoner Barthram received a good character.)

LYONS—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.

BARTHRAM—


NOT GUILTY
.
