







1970. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, 1 pair of boots, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Green
                  




               
            .
GEORGE GREEN. I am a shoemaker
, and live in Shoreditch


. On the evening of the 27th of July I was standing in my shop; my son called out, "A man has stolen some boots," and he ran after Turner, calling Stop thief! I took Turner - my son said, "That is the man that took the boots, but he gave them to another, who is gone the other way;" I looked, but could not find him; in about ten minutes my son said, "Here is the other boy," and he pointed to Clark - I took him; the boots have not been found.


                  GEORGE 
                  GREEN
               



            , JUN. I am the prosecutor's son. Turner came to the shop, and cut the string of a pair of boots; he gave them to Clark, who ran away with them, and then they both ran away - I ran after Turner, and my father took him; I am sure he was the boy.


                  JOSEPH 
                  RYAN
               



             (Police-constable G 216.) About half-past nine o'clock I was in Shoreditch, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I ran up; Clark was given to me, and I took him to the station - Turner was loitering about there, and Clark said to him, "I am pinned for them boots," and from the description I had received I took Turner - I found this knife on him, which the little boy says he thinks is the knife.
TURNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
