





1694. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of August
, 1 coat, value 25s.; 2 waistcoats, value 4s.; 1 pillow-case, value 6d.; and 1 bag, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Srimpton
                  




               
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  SRIMPTON
               



            . I am a gardener
, and live at Hammersmith


. On the evening of the 21st of August I missed this property from my bed-room; I had seen them safe at eight o'clock in the morning - the prisoner lived four or five doors off.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. How long was it before you saw them again? A. The same evening, at the constable's house - my window was a little a jar - the flower-pots were removed, the window put up, and the things taken out.


                  JAMES 
                  COOK
               



            . I am constable of Hammersmith. One Saturday, a little before three o'clock, one of my neighbours next door, called me out, and said he suspected something was going on; I went, and saw the prisoner, who had just left one of the witnesses; I asked what he had been selling, he said a black coat; I took him back, and the witness showed me these things; I said, "I suspect you did not get them honestly, I shall take you to your father;" he said, "Don't do that, I will tell you where I got them;" he pulled out this pillow-case, and said,"Martin was with me;" but I went and brought them face to face, and proved that Martin had not been near the place.


                  SAMUEL 
                  AYRES
               



            . I met the prisoner in the road - he offered me these things for sale, and I gave him 2s. 3d. for them - he said at first, he had been carrying some fish out for a gentleman who gave them to him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going up the grove, and these things laid under the wall - this man said he would buy it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
