






Before Mr. Baron Alderson.
1124. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  BECKWITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of August

, at St. Luke's, 2 coats, value 3l. 10s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 15s.; 2 waistcoats, value 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Brown
                     



                  ; 2 spoons, value 10s., and 1 gown, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Charlotte 
                        Brown
                     



                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Martin Aldis
                     



; and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  THOMPSON
               



             for 


               feloniously receiving 1 waistcoat, value 3s., part and parcel of the said goods, well knowing them to be stolen
            , against the Statute, &c.
JOHN BROWN. I am inspector of pavements
 for St. Luke's- I lodge at No. 8, King-street, St. Luke's



, in the dwelling-house of Henry Martin Aldis - the prisoner Beckwith worked at the house as char-woman

 for three or four weeks - on the 5th of August my daughter had gone out, and I went out and left Beckwith in the apartments alone - I returned in about three quarters of an hour, and found her gone - on the following morning I went to my drawers, and missed a great coat and a suit of mourning, a coat, waistcoat, and trowsers; I also missed a striped waistcoat - I had seen them safe a day or two before.
CHARLOTTE BROWN. I am the prosecutor's daughter - I went out and left the prisoner behind, and after my father missed his property, I missed two silver tea-spoons from the sideboard - I found a black gown on the prisoner, on the 6th of August, at the station-house, which was mine - I had not missed it before - I had seen the tea-spoons and gown safe half an hour before I left her in the apartment.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROOKE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a great coat and a suit of black clothes, which were pledged on the 5th of August, by the female prisoner, for 2l., in the name of "Jane Brown" - I gave her a duplicate - on the following morning Mr. Brown called at my house - the prisoner Thompson came to me the following evening, the 6th, and produced the duplicates, and required 10s. more on the things - I immediately gave him into custody - I asked where he got it - he said he came from the woman - I supposed he meant the woman who pawned them.


                  JOHN 
                  EASTAFF
               



            . I am a policeman. Thompson was delivered into my custody by Mr. Brooke - he said he met a woman in Whitecross-street who gave him the duplicate; that she had just left him, and perhaps I might find her - I went with him, and he pointed out the female prisoner coming out of a gin-shop in Chiswell-street.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  COHEN
               



            . I live at No. 214, Upper Whitecross-street, and keep a second-hand clothes shop - on the 6th of August Thompson came to my shop with this waistcoat, and asked 1s. for it; I gave him 8d. - I did not ask him where he got it - it would not fetch 1s. in the trade.


                  JAMES 
                  FRANCIS THOMPSON
               



            . I am a policeman. I was at the station-house when Thompson was in custody - he told me he had sold the waistcoat at the shop in Whitecross-street - he went with me to the shop - it had not been found out before.
MR. BROWN re-examined. The clothes are all my property - I have seen them before - the great coat is mine - I had the great coat four or five years, but I had not worn it above six times - the suit of clothes were made last October, I think - they are valued in the indictment at quite their full value - I should think 1s. less would be the value of them - the spoons which were lost were worth about 10s.
MRS. COHEN re-examined. I think this waistcoat is worth about 5s. in the trade - the great coat is worth 20s. or 25s., the trowsers 10s. - I should not think the coat worth 20s. to buy.
BECKWITH - 


               GUILTY, of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 45. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
THOMPSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
