





157. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CROUCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of November
, 4 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        James 
                        Andrews
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES ANDREWS. I am a cabinet-maker
. I came from Trowbridge, Wilts, and at the time in question, lodged in Castle-street, Westminster. On the 4th of November, at half-past six o'clock in the evening, I was in St. James'-park


, going home; I had been over Westminster-bridge to buy some herrings - the prisoner met me, and asked me to show him the way to Charing-cross, where he said he lived, and when we got there he asked me to show him the way to Holborn, saying he lived there; I went part of the way with him - he said he did not understand the way, for he was most d-d drunk, which he pretended, and fell up against almost every body - he then went into an auction-room; a gentleman bid 2s. for some knives, and he bid 6s. - he asked me to advance the money; I said, "No, you bought them, and must pay for them;" we went on a little further - he stood by my side, and I wanted not to go farther; I felt his hand in my pocket, where I knew I had four shillings - I caught hold of his hand in which the money was; he struggled, and put it into his waistcoat pocket - I said, "You have picked my pocket;" he said, "Come on, come on," but I saw a Policeman about twenty yards further on, and called him; my money was safe when I was in the Park.

JOHN 
               
                  CRISPIN 
                  ROWLEY
               



            . I am a Policeman. The prosecutor charged the prisoner with robbing him of 4s.; he had walked on a little way - I went, and overtook him- I found 7s. 6d. in his left-hand waistcoat pocket; I am certain he was sober.
Prisoner's Defence. The money was my own; I had been to my sister's, in Tothill-street, but she was out - I asked a man, who sold fish by Storey's-gate, my way; this man said he would show me - I had a bundle under my arm; he asked me to let him carry it, which I did - he said he was in great distress, and had been out of work eleven weeks; I put my hand into my pocket to give him some halfpence, and dropped a shilling; he put his foot over it, and pretended to be looking for it, but I took it up; he stopped in the Strand, and said, "Are you not going to give me something to drink?" I said not till I got home; (I got a friend to go to Castle-street, but he could find no such person;) he bid me good night, and in about ten minutes two Policemen charged me with robbing him.


                  JAMES 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I never saw the prisoner till I was in the Park; he never dropped a shilling while with me- he said he had no money to pay for the knives, and asked me to go and change a 10l. note for him; I had only been a week in London when this happened.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
