



274. 




HENRY ELDRIDGE
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Eldridge, about the hour of four o'clock in the night of the 
23rd of November, at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 aprons, value 3s.; 1 shirt, value 4s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.; and 1 table-cloth, value 7s. his goods: 1 hat, value 7s.: and 1 pair of shoes, value 8s.; the goods of 



Richard Horton: 1 watch-stand. value 7s.; 1 tea canister, value 1s.; 1/4 lb. of tea, value 1s.; 2 liquor glasses, value 1s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 3s.; 1 shaving-box, value 1s.; and 2 razors, value 3s.; the goods of 



John Bleksley.






HENRY ELDRIDGE
. I am the prisoner's father, and live in London-street, Hackney-road, and keep the house. On the night of the 23rd of

November I retired to rest at half-past eleven o'clock—Mr. Bleksley, who lives in my house, was the last person up—Richard Horton was up first in the morning—I got up about seven o'clock, and missed the articles stated—an entry had been made by the back-kitchen window—it was fastened by some drawers which stood against the shutter inside, and a basket of tools—the things were safe the night before.





JOHN BLEKSLEY
. I occupy the upper part of the prosecutor's house. I was the last person up on the night of the 23rd of November—the kitchen window was perfectly safe that night—it was a sliding sash secured by a bar—there is an internal shutter, which I put up myself in the early part of the evening—it was about ten minutes past twelve o'clock that I saw it safe—I locked and bolted the street door, and left the key in it—I was getting up in the morning, and heard Mr. Horton call out, "They have been here again to night"—I went down to the kitchen window, and found a wooden pane (which had been put in where a pane of glass was formerly broken) pushed in—that would give the party an opportunity of getting hold of her bar and pushing back the shutter—there was sufficient space for the prisoner to get in—I missed a watch-stand from the mantelpiece, a tea-canister with a quantity of tea, a pair of shoes, a shaving box, two razors, and some boots.





RICHARD HORTON
. I am nephew to Mr. Eldridge, and live with him. On the 24th of November I got up at a little before seven o'clock—where I got to the foot of the stairs I saw daylight in the kitchen—I called my uncle immediately—I went into the kitchen, and saw the shutter down in the place it usually stood in—the wooden pane of the window was shoved out—the shutter was forced out by shifting it aside—there was room enough for a man to get in—I missed a pair of Blucher shoes and a white hat, which were at the foot of the stairs the night before—I had not seen the prisoner for five weeks—he has not lived with his father for the last three years.





DANIEL COTTLE
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on the 1st of December, and found this pair of shoes on his feet.





RICHARD HORTON

re-examined. These are my shoes which I lost on the 23rd—there was no alarm in the night—I knew nothing of the robbery till I came down in the morning.

Prisoner. I know nothing of the robbery—I bought the shoes.




GUILTY† of breaking and entering only. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
