





82. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THATCHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, 1 shawl, value 2s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Brown
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Brown
                        



.


                  ELIZA 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am the wife
 of 
               
                  James 
                  Brown
               



            . I was at the corner of Farringdon-street


, about four o'clock in the afternoon, on the 9th of November; my sister-in-law's father took me to see the Lord Mayor's show - one of the prisoner's companions put his knee on my back, while the prisoner got the shawl off my shoulder - the officer took the shawl from him - this is it - Elizabeth Morley was with me.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MORLEY
               



            . I was with this witness - I asked her to make way through the crowd; she said, she could not, as some one was pressing her down with his knee, and another was taking her shawl - I turned, and saw the prisoner with the shawl, which he had got all but a very little bit, while I was getting the other man away from her - I struck him a blow in the face.


                  JOHN 
                  COLLIER
               



             (police-sergeant, P 8). I saw the prisoner take the shawl; I seized him; he fell down - I tried to get the shawl from him, but he had got it twisted round his hands; I held him, and the other officer got it from him by force.


                  THOMAS 
                  HODGES
               



             (police-constable P 102). I was with Collier - I pulled the shawl from the prisoner, when he threw him on his back; it was twisted round his hand.
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing through the crowd, and the shawl got entangled round me; there was no one with me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
