






80. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     THOMPSON
                  





               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, 1 watch, value 50s., 1 seal, value 12s., and 1 watch-chain, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Owen
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  OWEN
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and live at Daltson. On the 17th of October I was at White Lion-street, a little after twelve o'clock at night; I was sober - I saw Thompson, and I think she spoke to me; we got into conversation, and she wished me to go with her, but I was not in the humour - we walked together some distance, and saw Jones on the other side of the way; Thompson called out - "Is that you, Poll?" she said Yes, and came over; they then wanted me to treat them, which I did - they each took a glass of rum, and a bit of sugar; I took nothing myself: we then left the house - I went on my way towards Dalston, and they went with me; I had my watch safe at that time - when we got on to Church-street, Bethnal-green, they wanted me to treat them to something to eat at a pastry-cook's shop, which I did: they took a cake or a bun - I had one; we then went on to the corner of Little Anchor-street


: the door of the public-house was closed, and they asked me to give them some money - Jones then put her hands about me, and I felt my watch go from my fob; they both ran off alongside of each other - I ran after them, and raised an alarm; I took Jones, but Thompon made her escape - I have not seen the watch since.


                  CHARLES 
                  SHEPPEY
               



            . I am a private watchman. I heard the alarm, and saw Jones running across the road -I took her from the prosecutor, but I have not found the watch.


                  RICHARD 
                  HUNT
               



             (Police-constable H 70). I took Thompson about one o'clock the same day.
Jones' Defence. I met the prosecutor with another woman; we had some liquor, and he took some ale at each public-house we came to; when we walked a little way down Church-street I bade him good night, and then he said I had robbed him.
THOMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
