





303. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BANKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December
, 46 lbs. weight of rope, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Lightfoot
                        




                     
                  , the same being on board a vessel in the navigable river Thames
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  CROMARTY
               



            . I am an officer of the Thames Police. On the 17th of December, about half-past seven o'clock, I was in my own boat, between Deptford and Limehouse; I saw a boat alongside of a barge - I rowed towards it, and saw the prisoner in the barge; I looked over, and saw this rope in the barge - I asked the prisoner what he was doing; he made no answer - I said I must take him into custody, and asked what he did with that boat there; he said, "Let me go on shore, and I will put her in a place of safety," but I would not allow him; I stepped into my boat, and he into the other, and rowed together for some distance - I said, "How came you to take the poor man's boat away?" he said, "Don't you know me? my name is Bill Jones, and I belong to the Towerstairs;" I said, "No, you are no waterman;" I got him on shore at the Dog and Duck - he sat down; I called for assistance, and put him into a place of safety; I took the boat and the property to the office, returned, and got him: when I first saw him he was about a mile from the Ocean, to which the rope belongs.


                  PETER 
                  SKEE
               



            . I am a mariner on board the Ocean - she was in Ratcliff-cross tier


. This rope belongs to Captain 
               
                  George 
                  Lightfoot
               



            , who had the full charge of the vessel; I saw the rope safe over the long boat's bow on the 16th, when we went to bed - I know nothing of the prisoner.
GEORGE LIGHTFOOT. I am master of the vessel
. This is my rope.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARTON
               



            . The boat the officer took was mine- I had moored it at the upper Custom-house, where I get my living, and the next morning it was gone; I know nothing of the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
