




2321. 




JOHN OWEN
 and 




FREDERICK FLETCHER
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
6th of October, 30 lbs. weight of mutton, value 15s.; and 8 lbs. weight of beef, value 4s.; the goods of 



Henry Bellringer, the master the said of John Owen.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution, HENRY BELLRINGER. I live in the Strand, and am a butcher, Owen

was in my employ. On Friday night, the 6th of October I marked a quantity of mutton, and communicated to the police to be on the watch next day—it was Owen's duty to open my shop in the morning—about six o'clock, I saw the police-sergeant watching about—I then went into my shop, and found Owen—I missed a shoulder and a loin of mutton a hind quarter and a piece of sirloin of beef—this was about ten minutes, past six o'clock—I met with Tuck, the policeman—I took him back to the shop, and took Owen into custody—I told him that the meat which was then brought forward was mine, and I charged Owen with stealing it—he made no answer to it.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. How long had Owen been in your service? A. Ten days.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you ascertain whether he came into your service with a true or false character? A. A false one, I am certain of it.





THOMAS POCOCK
. I am a police-sergeant. About five o'clock in the morning of Saturday, the 6th of October, I placed myself near the prosecutor's shop-door—at a little past six o'clock the door was opened, and Owen came out of the shop, looked up and down the Strand, staid there half a minute, then went into the shop, staid a few minutes, and came out with another person—this other person went up a court which leads to Drury-lane—soon after I saw Fletcher come running as if he came from Charing Cross—on Fletcher's coming, Owen went into the shop, and Fletcher followed him in—Fletcher had a basket, which had nothing in it I am certain—he came out in three or four minutes, and his basket was very full—he went to Newcastle-street, where I stopped him—I asked him what he had got—he said meat which belonged to himself—I said I was an officer, he must go with me, as he came out of Mr. Bellringer's shop, who had lost a great deal of meat, I must take him—he said no more—I had not my uniform on—I found a shoulder of mutton, a piece of beef, and a loin of mutton in his basket—he had a coat on, which I told him to take off at the station-house, and I found a hind quarter of mutton in the hind pocket of it, which is very large.

Cross-examined. Q. The basket was in his hand? A. It was under his arm, not concealed.





JOHN TUCK
. I am a policeman. Early in the morning of the 6th of October, the prosecutor took me to his shop, and gave Owen into custody—I did not tell him why I took him, nor did he ask me—I found 6s. 2 1/2 d. on him.





HENRY STEWARD PORTER
. I am in the prosecutor's employ. On the 6th of October Owen went into the shop—I watched him—when he opened the shop he went outside, and went towards Drury-court—he then turned back, came into the shop, and took a hind quarter and a loin of mutton down from the hooks, and put them on the block behind the door—he then went through the parlour, and was coming down the kitchen—I went up, and he followed me—I went out, and down Drury-court, and when I it part of the way up I turned and saw Fletcher, with a basket, as though it, was empty, going to my master's shop.

Owen. Q. Where were you standing? A. On the steps, and I could see you from there walk into the parlour, with the shop shutters shut Owen. This is a trap-door at the back of the shop, and he says, he could see me walk into the parlour, which is behind this trap-door. Witness.

I could see you when the door was open—the shop was light enough for me to see.





JOHN GRIFFIN
. I know Owen, by being in my service a short time on jobs—I know Fletcher—I do not know whether they were acquainted—I am the person who gave Owen the character.





THOMAS WALTON
. I am a butcher, at Islington. I know the prisoners—they were acquainted—I have seen them together frequently.





HENRY BELRINGER

re-examined. I saw the meat that was found, and it was meat that I had marked.

COURT. Q. Was Fletcher a customer of yours? A. Not at all. Owen's Defence. I know nothing of the meat.

OWEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

FLETCHER—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.




Transported for Seven Years.
