







450. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     CLARK
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     PRITCHARD
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CROUCH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, 1 watch, value 4l., 2 seals, value 20l., 2 rings, value 15l., 1 watch-chain, value 1s. 6d., 1 key, value 2s., and 1 knife, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               

                           Charles 
                           Britcher
                        







            .


                  CHARLES 
                  BRITCHER
               



            . I am a waiter, but am out of a situation
 - I was last employed at Putney. On the 14th of January, about five o'clock in the morning, I went into a public-house at the corner of Moon-street, Seven-dials


; I had been at work all night at the cyder-cellar in Maiden-lane - I then lodged in Princes-row, and could not get into my lodging; I went to this public-house, and called for two penny-worth of rum, and a little cold water - I sat down, and fell asleep; I saw all the prisoners there before I went to sleep - I had my watch and seals about me; the bar-man awoke me afterwards, and asked where my watch was; I felt for it, and missed it; I saw my watch again the same morning, at the pawnbroker's.


                  ROBERT 
                  POPE
               



            . I am a waiter at the public-house. I remember the prosecutor coming there; he sat down at the corner of the lobby - the three prisoners were there; I had seen them before, and knew them well by sight - they had been there a quarter of an hour before he came in; they were all in company together - they went away about half an hour before the prosecutor; the prosecutor had his watch and seals in his pocket when he came in, and when I went to awake him he had not got it - I gave the description of the prisoner to a private watchman.
Crouch. Q. Did I not go in with Kelly and English the two private watch-man? A. No, you were in before them - one of the women was in before you, and the other came in after you; I have seen you in our house before - you were all in company, and drank together.


                  HENRY 
                  LONG
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Grays' Inn-lane, with Mr. Nicholls. I have a watch, which was pawned by Crouch and Pritchard, between eight andnine o'clock in the morning, of the 14th of January - I cannot exactly say which of them produced it, but I asked Crouch whose it was, and he said it was his own; he pawned it in the name of 
               
                  George 
                  Fermey
               



            , Little Windmill-street - they then went away, and the next day Pritchard came by herself, produced the duplicate, and asked for 6s. more on it; I had lent 30s., I had received information of the robbery and detained her.
Crouch. Q. Did not the woman pawn it? A. I cannot tell, but you gave your name, and said it was yours - I did not tell the Magistrate I was not certain you said that.


                  WILLIAM 
                  McKENZIE
               



             (Police Constable 
               C
             182). The parties were described to me - the prisoner, Clark was with the prosecutor when he told me of it, and he gave her into my custody; she denied it, but I took her - in going along I asked her how she came to do it; she said "I know I did wrong; it was pawned in Grays' Inn-lane, at Nicholls'" - I went and stopped it.


                  JOHN 
                  RATTRAY
               



             (Police-constable F 54). I went to Nicholls' and took Pritchard - she said she pawned the watch, but she did not care so long as the other two were in for it, as they were as bad as she was - I found this knife on her which the prosecutor identified.


                  CHARLES 
                  BRITCHER
               



            . This is my watch, this knife is mine, and had been in my waistcoat pocket.
Clark's Defence. When I went into the house neither of the prisoners were there - Crouch came in afterwards, and so did Pritchard; I did not know them before - when the prosecutor came in Pritchard went and spoke to him - she soon afterwards went out all in a hurry, and then she came back again, and Crouch asked me to go and have a cup of coffee with them, which I did - they had three cups of coffee, and then said they had no more money; but Pritchard said she had something to make money of when the pawnbrokers were open - we went out, and in going along, she said she had got his watch, and where should she pawn it; I said we were very near Gray's-inn-lane, and we went there.
Pritchard's Defence. Clark saw me take it, and went to pawn it with me - Crouch put me up to take it from the gentleman; he then took us to the coffee-shop, and hardly let us have time to drink any before he took us away; he wanted to get the watch from me, but I would not let him - he and Clark went with me to pawn it, but Clark staid outside while we went in; Crouch wanted me to give him the sovereign, but I would not, I gave him 5s. and Clark 2s. 6d.
Crouch's Defence. I went into the house for some refreshment - I saw Clark in the corner, and then Pritchard came in; I afterwards went with them to the pawnbroker's, but I did not see what was pawned, nor did I have any money.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
PRITCHARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
CROUCH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.






               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
