




1311. 



ELIZABETH CLARKE
 was again indicted for

stealing, on the 
15th of March, 1 pair of boots, value 3s. 6d.; 2 table—cloths, value 4s.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; and 1 bottle, value 3s. 6d.; the goods of 



John Baty, her master; and





REBECCA BAXTER



for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; to which Clarke pleaded.




GUILTY
.

MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN BATY
. I am a tailor, and live in Thanet—place. Clarke was in my employ—I missed a pair of boots, two table—cloths, a shirt, and a bottle—I have since seen them at the pawnbroker's—I never saw Baxter.





WILLIAM TROWBRIDGE
. I know the prisoner Baxter—here are duplicates for a shirt, two table—cloths, and a glass bottle, in the name of "Ann Baxter, No. 12, Shire—lane;" a table—cloth, 9d., "Ann Baxter, No. 18, Shire—lane;" and one bottle, 1s.—I am in the habit of asking people where they live the first time—I may have asked the prisoner, but I do not recollect when—she had been a constant customer—I suppose she gave me her address, but I do not recollect—I put down this address because I knew her, and thought she lived there—the other addresses are, "No. 16, Shire—lane," "No. 12, Shire—lane," and "No. 9, Ship—yard"-Baxter

pawned these things with me—I did not ask her whose they were—I did not take in the bottle without asking some questions, nor the other things—I saw Clarke outside the door several times while Baxter was pawning.

MRS. REED. I am married, and know the prisoners Clarke and Baxter—I have seen them together in Mr. Baty's kitchen—I spoke to Clarke about Baxter after she was gone—they went up stairs together—Mrs. Baxter was standing in the middle of the kitchen, with something in her apron—I said, "There you are, Mrs. Baxter"—I believe she said, "Good morning"—she went up stairs, and went away.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What are you? A. I go out to work—I went to Mr. Baty's to wash.





EDWARD CALVER
. I am an assistant to Mr. Barton, a pawnbroker, in the Strand. I have a pair of Wellington boots, pawned by Baxter on the 7th of April, 1837, in the name of "Ann Baxter, lodger, No. 6, Ship-yard"—I have no doubt but I asked her some questions about them—I knew her before by coming in to pledge now and then.





JOHN BATY
. These boots are mine, and this bottle and linen articles.
(Stephen Evans, Portugal-street; William Harris, livery-stable keeper, Eagle-street, Red Lion-square; Mary Barnet, of Plough-court, Carey-street; and Harriett Duffin, of No. 17, Ship-yard, gave the prisoner Baxter a good character.)

BAXTER—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Tears.
