



2445. 




GEORGE BAILEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of October, 5 chairs, value 3l.; 1 box, value 1s.; I looking-glass and frame, value 3l.; and 1 knife, value 2s.; the goods of 



Jane Sickler Tonkin.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JANE SICKLER TONKIN
. I am the daughter of an officer in the Navy I came into the possession of property from my father and my uncle—the prisoner was left my trustee—I cannot recollect when my father died—it may be ten years since—I am not married—I have had a child, and the prisoner is the father of it—I went abroad with him last year, in the beginning of September—I had been living before that at No. 10, Wellington-terrace, Lambeth—I occupied the second floor—my landlord's name was William Cottle—all the furniture that was there was my own—the prisoner purchased it for me with my own money—I had two houses, of which he received the rents, which amounted together to 41l. a-year—I was living with him—my mother was alive when my father died—she has now been dead two years—she considered that I was the prisoner's wife—we got a false certificate to show her, to persuade her we were married—I think that is five years ago—I did not live with him entirely till we went abroad—he resided in Devonshire chiefly, but was occasionally at my apartments—he was at that time a conveyancer in Devonshire—all the furniture was mine—I desired my landlord to let no one remove it till I returned—the prisoner remained abroad with me about a fortnight—he then left me in Paris, as his own affairs he said required his attendance in England—I had left the key of my apartment in the door, and desired the landlord and his wife to take possession of it—I had no key of the apartment—I had received 180l. of my own, which the prisoner took from me about a fortnight before he left me—I arrived here on the 3rd of February—I went to my lodgings, and found a great part of my property was gone—I never authorised the prisoner or any other person to take an article of it—I have since seen part of the articles which I left, in a house at Poplar that he was occupying, with his wife and family, but which was taken in his sister's name—I knew he was a married man almost as soon as I knew him—I found these articles about three weeks ago.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. May I ask how old you are? A. About 32—I was born in 1802—I have been living about seven years with the prisoner—it was two years after I had been living with the prisoner that I joined him in the false certificate—I knew he had a wife at the time—my mother had an annuity of twenty-five pounds a year, which ceased at her death—I was living in the same house with her and the prisoner—I have always worked with my needle, by which I get about 12s. a week—I was paying 16l. a year rent—the prisoner was there occasionally—he did not supply means for our mutual subsistence—I have frequently been without food—I swear he never did contribute to my support

—when I had him taken up I was taken in out of charity by the prisoner's wife—I was waiting there till I could find a house—I had been living with her about five days, I think—I first knew of the loss of these chairs when I returned from Paris in February, but I could not have had the prisoner taken before, as I was not in a fit state to contend with him—I have not seen him since the beginning of April—I cannot say I did not see him—he came to my apartment—I did not cohabit with him between February and April—that I swear—I believe I dined with him once, that was after I knew of the loss—I saw him four or five times—not more—four of these chairs were in the lodging in which 1 was with Mrs. Bailey—I was there on charity—I did not know the prisoner had the key of my room—I told him I left it in care of the landlord—I am not living with his wife now—I left her the day the chairs were taken, which was the day after he was given in charge—I have not been living with her for the last ten days.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You came home in February? A. Yes—I was in the eighth month of pregnancy, and had no means of finding necessaries for my child—I was delivered on the 12th of April—he knew the state I was in—he had sold my houses before this—all the money I received from him was 180l., just before I left England, and that he took from me—he never supplied me with any means of living except what arose from the proceeds of my own property—when I came to England I did not know where to find him—I sent a letter to him immediately on my return, directed to Mr. Deacon, to deliver to him—Mr. Deacon is a clerk to Mr. Robinson, in whose employ he had been as clerk—I discovered the loss of my property in February—about three weeks ago he was taken in France—I found the other part of the property at his nephew's, in Montague-mews—I did not authorise him to take any of the property I charge him with stealing—from the time of my connexion with him he has not supplied me with so much as the amount of the proceeds of my own property—I was confined at No, 16, Wellington-terrace—he called the doctor and nurse, and I never saw him again till I gave him into custody.





WILLIAM COTTLE
. I am landlord of the house in Wellington-terrace where the prosecutrix now lives. (I have kept her there out of charity)—he prisoner used to come to her once in six months sometimes, and very likely has been away, twelve months—I remember her leaving to go to France—she left some furniture, and before she left, charged me to let no one have it without her orders, and in her presence—some time after, the prisoner came in with the key, as usual, and bolted up stairs with authority—he was there all night, and he took away the furniture constantly—there not a time that he went without some—we went up stairs to secure the property, and found the key was gone and the door locked, and he came with the key—when the prosecutrix left she said, "I have left the key in the door"—we went up, and it was gone, and he was off to Paris—it was from his producing the key that we supposed he had authority to take the things—when I found he had taken many things, and was about to take more, I prevented him—when the prosecutrix returned in February she came to my house in a most distressing situation—she was delivered there, and there she lay, and had no means to support the child—she was obliged to sell her things to pay her passage over—she was able to get up about three months after her confinement—when she went into the room she made a complaint to me of the loss of her property.

Cross-examined. Q. How long has she been living in your house?


A. I suppose about three years and a half—she represented herself to me as a married woman—I questioned her upon it—there is no one living in my house who was there then—I know the prisoner's wife—she has not been living in my house—when we found her out at Poplar, she had compassion to provide for the prosecutrix and the infant at Poplar, but the prosecutrix continued to sleep in my house—the wife has been into my house, to and fro, anxious to see how the child was—I rather think she was at my house last Saturday—the prisoner quite deserted the prosecutrix—I think he has visited her once or twice—not a dozen times—I do not think he has ever dined there—not to my knowledge—she never received any of her rents all the time they were living together—I advanced 5l. to help to pay the medical man—the prisoner had sent for him.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know whether, before she went to Paris, any sum of money was received on her account? A. Yes, I heard so from herself—she did not leave my house for two or three days together—not to pass a night out—she was relieved by the prisoner's wife—she went three times, and I believe the third time she met with the wife.





JOHN NESBITT
. I am an officer of Hatton-garden. On the 16th of October went to No. 9, Montague-mews North—I had a search-warrant—I found George Bailey living there—I found a pier chimney-glass and a mahogany arm-chair there—they were identified by the prosecutrix as her property—I took them and took Bailey, who is the prisoner's nephew—he gave me an account of how he came possessed of them—the prisoner at the bar was in custody—I searched the nephew, and found on him three £20 Bank of England notes—he gave me an account of how he got them—I found part of a chest of plate—he gave me an account of how he became possessed of that.





WILLIAM COTTLE

re-examined. Among other things the prisoner took away a pier glass, worth 5l.—he took away an arm-chair, which any broker would give 2l. for, and the four chairs were worth 2l.—we questioned him about them—he said he was going to have them new seated.
(Witnesses for the Defence.)





ELIZA TALBOT
. I am a widow, and live in Adam-street East, Manchester-square. I know the prisoner—I am no relation of his—I have seen the four chairs in the custody of the officer—I bought them in Chancery-lane, at Mr. Standage's sale-rooms, in October, 1835—they were brought to my house, in Adam-street—I bought them at the prisoner's request—I never demanded the money for them—he was sent to the Fleet prison—I saw him there—the chairs went to the Fleet—I saw them at Lisson-grove and Poplar.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What business do you carry on? A. A milliner and dress-maker—these chairs were never in Wellington-terrace, that I know of—I never saw them there—I was never there myself—I did not know he had a child by the prosecutrix, nor that he was living with her—he has been at Adam-street a long time, on and off—I became acquainted with him by his coming to lodge with me—I knew his sister previously—she lodged with me—I knew he was a marred man—he never left his wife, only as business required—I have been at Poplar—his sister lived there—no one else—I never saw his wife there—he requested the chairs to be bought for a counting-house, as he was about going into business—I never asked him for the money—I intended to receive it—I do not occupy the whole house in Adam-street—it is let out in apartments—I live with my mother there—I considered the money quite as safe with him as with me—I took charge of the chairs while he was in the Fleet—he went there

in January or December—I never knew of his being trustee to the prosecutrix—I never heard of such a person—I saw the chairs in the Fleet a clay or two before he left—that was in February, 1830—he came from there to my house—he paid the rent regularly—he did not seem to want money particularly—I do not keep a shop—I have got my name, as milliner and dress-maker, over my door—I have never been in any difficulty in point of money matters in my life—I cannot tell you what my income is—I have nothing but what I work for—I paid, I think, 1l. 12s. for the chairs—I have not the bill of sale—I destroyed it a few days ago—I did not hear that I was to be called as a witness till Sunday—the prisoner did not tell me he took the chairs to Wellington-terrace—I paid for no glass for him—I bought a bedstead for his sister—I cannot tell how much I paid on that occasion—I never made any present to him—my house consists of ten rooms—I occupy two rooms on the first floor, and the kitchen—my family consists of my mother, myself and daughter, and niece, who is an apprentice.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. His sister was living with you? A. They had two different rooms.





JANE BAILEY
. I am the prisoner's sister. I was living at Adam-street with him.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What were you doing? A. Nothing; I was not very well—I have been living with him at Boulogne—I went there about three weeks ago—I remember an inquiry about the pier glass and chairs, about a week before we went, and then we went—I have no occasion to do any thing for my living—I have an income—I went for a trip, and the prisoner went to place his daughter at school there—I knew Miss Tonkin some years ago—I heard something about the prisoner being her trustee—I did not hear it from himself—if I heard it from any body, it was from her—it may be four or five, or five or six years ago—I did not hear he had her property—I heard she had a child, but I did not know it was by him—I saw the child when she came to see me a month ago—she said he had taken away a chair and glass, and went to Boulogne.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What property have you? A. 100l. a year.





WILLIAM MILLS
. I live in Drury-lane, and am a broker. I had this arm chair in my possession—the prisoner ordered it from me in the name of Burton, and I sent it to Wellington-terrace, on Saturday, April 23, 1836—in October, 1836, I sent to the same place for four chairs to be repaired—I repaired them—they are the four chairs I have seen out of Court.





GEORGE BAILEY
. I am the prisoner's nephew. In 1829, I remember the prisoner giving the prosecutrix a cheque for 75l. at Stonehouse, in Devonshire—I know of his giving her other sums, but I cannot say to what amount—I have put letters for him into the post-office with enclosures—I have seen the Bank notes cut and put in.

COURT. Q. When was that? A. I cannot say the date, but it was ten years ago.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Last June do you know that the prisoner sent her any money? A. I know there was money sent about nine years ago, and 2l. last September.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know the person behind Mr. Phillips? A. Yes; I was served with a subpoena to come here—he told me not to attend when the officer came; and afterwards when the solicitor's clerk came, he said I must go—I bought the property found at my house of the prisoner—I keep a livery-stable in Montague-mews, and am partner with a man

of the name of Gullett—before that I was a sadler at Crediton, Devonshire—I have kept livery-stables about three months—I had 1000l. left me by my uncle—I bought 75l. worth of property—when I got this glass and chairs, I paid him 48l. 10s., and gave him a bill for the remainder on the 1st of September—it was all for furniture—when the officer came and found the property, and asked how I came by it, I said my uncle had left it with me for safety, merely to prevent his taking me into custody—he told me I was not bound to say any thing that would criminate myself—I did not then say he had brought them to my house—I said I bought them—he asked me how I became possessed of a box of plate?—I did not tell him my uncle had directed me to go to a hotel where I should get it—I went to a hotel to get it—I do not know that I told the officer that my uncle told me to keep it till he had determined what to do with it, but he did so—he searched me—he did not find in my pocket any £20 of Bank of England notes—he searched me at the station-house, and found 60l. sealed up in a letter, and the officer broke it open—I got it from the prisoner—he told me I was to keep it till I had directions to deliver it to the party it was directed to—I did not tell the officer the date on which he gave it me—I did not say I had been acting very wrong—I did not say I wished I had never seen the money—on my way to Bow-street I said I had sold a great deal of property by the desire of my uncle—articles of furniture—I did not tell the officer I was sorry I had done it—I asked him whether he thought I should be remanded.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you afraid they would have remanded you? A.I was rather—my uncle lived with his sister at Poplar at the time I sold the furniture—it was for that house that I sold it—it was the officer took the 60l. from me—this is the letter in which the three £20 notes were—I have kept it safe ever since—the letter is addressed to R. Godson, Esq.
(Thomas Lord, a solicitor, living in Northumberland-street; and—Wayte, an attorney's clerk, of Foley-street, Portland-place, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Seven Years.
