





765. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     GEARY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of January
, 1 watch, value 4l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Fisher
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  FISHER
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Fisher
               



            . The prisoner was in my service - one of my children found some liquor in a cupboard, and I spoke to the prisoner about it; she insisted on leaving my service -I had, before this, missed a gold watch from a room next the kitchen, to which no one had access but the prisoner and myself; I mentioned it at the time I missed it - she said she did not think it could be lost, nor do I; but when she was going, I said it looked very bad having liquor in the cupboard, and it was very likely she took the watch - she said she would go to her clergy, take an oath, and bring me a letter from her clergy; I got an officer, who took her, and found the watch in her bosom.


                  HENRY 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I am an officer. On the 15th of March, I took the prisoner, and said, I had a warrant to search the house for a gold watch - I asked what part of the house she lived in; she said in the kitchen; I began to search up stairs, and I saw her secrete something in her bosom; I said, "What have you got?" she said, nothing that I should see; she pulled out a small pin-cushion, and said that was it; I still had my suspicions, and forced her down into the street, and into a coach, which I had waiting - she made great resistance, and bit me; I got the watch from her bosom in the coach, and the prosecutor claimed it; she said at the examination that she had taken it a fortnight before, and it was lying on her master's drawers.

MRS. FISHER. This is our watch.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. When had you seen it? A. A few weeks before; she found a sovereign one day and brought it to me - I am not in the habit of leaving my watch and money about, nor do I think I did leave the sovereign about; I think it was taken from my bag; the prisoner says she is a widow and has a son - when she first came I heard she was not married; I have since heard she is a widow.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
