






241. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     CLARK
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of November
, 1 featherbed, value 15s.; 1 bolster, value 5s.; 2 pillows, value 2s.; 2 blankets, value 5s.; 1 quilt, value 2s., and 3 pictures, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bird
                  




               
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  BIRD
               



            . I am the wife of William Bird - we live in Regent-place


. The prisoners lodged in my house for six weeks; they had only one room - they livedtogether as man and wife; they told the Magistrate they were not married - the woman was generally locked in her room, and very seldom had her door open; she was beating her child - I went up to see what she was beating it for, and missed the property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY LLOYD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a quilt, which was pawned for 1s., by an elderly female. not the prisoner.


                  HENRY 
                  GILBERT
               



             WELLS (Police-constable B 138.) I apprehended the two prisoners - the woman gave me these duplicates out of a little bag; they led me to the pawnbroker's - the man was not there, but came home afterwards.


                  JAMES 
                  PANTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have three pillows, one bolster, and one blanket, which were pawned most of them, to the best of my rcollection, by the female prisoner; none of them by the man.


                  JOHN 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I have a blanket, pawned by the female prisoner.


                  HORACE 
                  PECKOVER
               



            . I have two pictures, pawned by the female prisoner.


                  MARGARET 
                  BIRD
               



            . These are my property.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I believe the man was in the habit of going out early in the morning to work, and coming home late at night? A. Yes, he was.


                  Ann 
                  Clark
               



            . It is perfectly clear it was my own doing.
A. CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
C. CLARK - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
