





1571. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CANNON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 26th of August
, 76 1/2 yards of silk, called gros de Naples, value 11l. 15s.; and 24 pairs of gloves, value 2l. 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Morrison
                  




               
             and others.
MESSRS. ADOLPHUS and PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BREDE
               



            . I am a ticket-porter. On the 26th of August I was called to the coffee-room of the Blue Boar, Aldgate


, and saw the prisoner; he gave me a letter, which I knew by the direction - this is it (looking at it); he desired me to proceed to Morrison's, and deliver the letter, and bring a parcel back to the Blue Boar; I went and received a parcel, which I delivered to the waiter at the Blue Boar, as the prisoner did not come; I had waited two Lours for him.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. When you delivered the letter did you get the parcel at once? A. I suppose I waited twenty minutes - I presented the letter at the desk; I saw several of the firm: the person I gave it to told me it would be attended to - I said I wanted the parcel back; I was then sent backwards, to wait for it - it was made up in twenty minutes, and a gentleman, who seemed to take a leading part in the business, asked where I got the letter; I told him - he then said he had some doubt respecting the letter, and asked who I was; I told him, and said if he would trust me with the parcel I wouldtake care the prisoner did not have it if he was not entitled to it - he trusted me with it on that understanding.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How many persons might you see there? A. I suppose one hundred; whether the persons speaking to me were clerks or partners I cannot say - I do not know what the parcel contained.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS ELLIS
               



            . I am employed at the Blue Boat, Aldgate. On the 26th of August the prisoner came into the coffee-room, and sat there from two o'clock till atter three - he then asked if I could spare our porter to go to Fore-street; I said No, but would send for one - Brede was fetched; I saw the prisoner deliver him a letter, telling him to go to Morrison's, and bring a parcel back; the prisoner asked me if he could have a bed there - I said he could; he told me if any body inquired for him (Mr. Clayton) he should be in in half an hour - the porter brought the parcel back, and inquired if he was in; he was not - he staid nearly two hours, and then left the parcel; I had it sent up to the bed-room intended for the prisoner - he came in at eight o'clock that night, and asked if a parcel had come which he had sent for; I said Yes, and it was in his bed-room - I had it brought down, and asked if that was it; he said Yes, it was all right - I wished him to look at it; he said he had no doubt of its being correct, but he had not an opportunity of looking at it then, and desired me to send it up to his room again; I did so, and an officer came and took him.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you had seen the officer before? A. No - I did not know he was coming; I had seen a person from Morrison's, and suspected something was wrong; it was at another person's suggestion I showed him the parcel.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You were directed to see if he would own it, and he did? A. Yes.


                  ROBERT 
                  SLATER
               



            . I am principal clerk to 
               
                  James 
                  Morrison
               



             and others. On the 26th of August I received this letter from Brede - I took it into the warehouse, and gave it to Stanley, telling him I suspected it was not correct.
The letter was here read, it was signed H. Clayton, Jun. - dated Chelmsford, 26th, 8th month, 1830, and ordering the goods stated in the indictment.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STANLEY
               



            . I am in Messrs. Morrison's employ: by direction of Slater I selected a piece of gros de Naples, and two dozen gloves, and caused them to be sent according to order - they came to 13l. 19s. 10d.; I did not accompany the porter, but went to the Blue Boar - I was not there when the prisoner came in - Clayton was known to us as a customer.
Cross-examined. Q. Were any of the firm on the premises? A. Yes, they were aware of the transaction.


                  HOLLIS 
                  CLAYTON
               



            , JUN. I am a draper, and live at Chelmsford - my father's name is also Hollis. I am one of the Society of Friends - this letter is not the hand-writing of myself, or any one connected with me; no order was given for these goods - I had no occasion for them; I never employed the prisoner to negotiate any business for me - he occasionally resided at Chelmsford, but did not reside there lately.
Cross-examined. Q. How many persons do your firm consist of? A. Only myself - there is nobody else of my name at Chelmsford to my knowledge; I do not positively afirm that there is one at lngatestone, but his name is not Hollis - I have two regular assistants, and occasionally my brother assists me; the 26th of August was not a busy time - I invariably write my own orders, except except about two years ago my brother wrote one - his name is Charles.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STANLEY
               



            . We have no other customer at Chelmsford named Clayton - I have been fourteen years in the house; we should not execute an order from a person not known, unless the cash accompanied it.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PARTRIDGE
               



            . I am an officer. I have the parcel.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner pleaded poverty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
