





692. 




TIMOTHY CRAWLEY
 and 




CHARLES SILSBURY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of January, 1 cape, value 20s., the goods of 



Benjamin Croot: and 




SARAH DAY



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






BENJAMIN CROOT, JUN
. I was in the Borough on the 19th of December, with my father's chaise—I had a cape in it belonging to my father—I left it while I went some where, and was absent about ten minutes—when I came hack it was gone—I saw it in a marine store-shop in the Mint, about twenty minutes after it was stolen—I found the prisoner Sarah Day, and another female with a child—the officer asked for a cape, and it was, immediately produced—there was no denial that it was there—Day said, "It was brought in, put into the scale, and sold as old rags," and she was the person buying it—it has a rent under the arm.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I believe you know that Day is but servant in the house? A. I do not know it, I have heard so, and heard the contrary—there was not the least concealment about her—there was no time—I put no question to her—the policeman did, and she said we bought it for old rags, it being torn, and she said what she gave for it—she said, "Crawley put it into the scale"—she had not time to put it away.





WILLIAM WREN
. I was at the Borough-market on the 19th of January, and I saw the chaise—I saw Crawley take out the cape—Silsbury was

standing by—Crawley gave it him, and they walked away together—I did not watch where they went to—I knew them before.

Silsbury. I came up with a basket, and he asked a boy whether he would take it of him, if he got it out of the chaise and gave it him—the boy said no, he would have nothing to do with it, and he walked away.





THOMAS WADE
. I am a policeman. I was coming through the Borough-market, and saw Mr. Croot lay hold of Silsbury—he gave him into my charge, and the next day I took Crawley, from what Mr. Wren said—I went and found the cape at the marine store-shop—I saw a woman with a child, and Day, whose name, I believe, is Nancy Moses—she said she had bought this for an old rag, at the rate of 3 1/4 d. a pound, and she gave 4d. for it—her sister was there, and I believe she termed this prisoner her servant.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not desire Day to go and give evidence at the police-office? A. She attended at Union Hall, and after being questioned she was let go away—she came back to the next examination—she was on bail, I believe.

Crawley. I saw this on the top of a stone—I said, "Take this, it will fetch us a bit of dinner"—I took it to the marine store-shop, and put it into the scale.

CRAWLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 19

SILSBURY—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.





Transported for Seven Years.


DAY—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Recorder,
