



1094. 



TILDEN HARRIS
 was indicted

for embezzlement.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






MART MILLER
. I am married. I know the shop of Messrs. Smith and another, in Aldersgate-street, the prisoner served in their shop—I had been in the habit of going to their premises in a morning, and I remember the Monday on which I was taken into custody—I had been to the shop on the Thursday before, and on the Friday before, about twenty minutes or half-past eight o'clock in the morning—that was the usual time I went in a morning—I also went on that Monday morning, and I saw the prisoner there—I asked him for half a pound of edgings—he gave me two bundles of whalebone, for which I paid 1s. 7d.—I am sure of that—I then left the shop, and went to a public-house, where my husband was waiting for me—the officer came in there, and took me—I had on the Saturday before, given the prisoner half a dozen herrings in the street, which my husband had sent him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I suppose you did not think you were doing any thing wrong? A. I was sent by my husband, I was afraid it was not right—I was taken up myself—I did not tell this story to save myself, I told it to tell the truth—I have always said that I gave 1s. 7d., except on the Saturday, and then I gave 2s.—on the Thursday I went for half a pound of edgings—he gave me some bones—I gave him 1s. 7d. on the Friday, and he gave me some more—I paid him 1s. 7d. on the Saturday—I went and gave him half a dozen herrings—he told me the shop would be open in a few minutes, I went in, and he gave me some bones—I went again, at twenty minutes past eight o'clock, and he gave me some more—I gave him 2s.—I went on the Monday for half a pound, and paid him 1s. 7d.—Ballard the officer asked me what I had paid, and I said 10s. but I did not pay 10s.—I was frightened at the time, that made me say it—I have been frequently in the shop when Mr. Smith was there, and bought before his face.





WILLIAM JOHNSON SMITH
. I am a whalebone-cutter, and live in Aldersgate-street. I have one partner—the prisoner was in our empty for about three years—it was part of his duty to attend to the shop while I went to breakfast—I used to go generally at five or ten minutes after eight o'clock, and was away half an hour, or twenty-five minutes—if the prisoner took any money during my absence, it was his duty to lay it on the desk in the counting-house, I found it there when I came down, and he told me what it was for—for several mornings, before the 4th of March, when I came down, he would tell me he had sold half a pound of edgings for 7d.—I received information from Mr. Thomas, a neighbour of mine, and I called in the assistance of Ballard and Forrester, on the morning of the 4th of March—on that morning I went to breakfast as usual, and on my return I saw 7d. on the desk—I asked the prisoner what it was for—he said, "Half a pound of edgings"—I asked him if there had been nothing else—he said, "No"—he did not live on the premises, but came early in the morning.

THOMAS. I am a linen-draper, in Aldersgate-street. My house is nearly opposite the prosecutor's—I had seen the witness Miller,

for some mornings before the 4th of March, watching very minutely about the prosecutor's shop—on the Thursday morning I saw her run across, in a harried manner, go into the shop, and, in a second or two, come out with a bundle of whalebone; and so again on the Friday and on the Saturday—I saw the prisoner receive a bundle of herrings on the Saturday morning before the shop was open—I communicated this to the prosecutor.





WILLIAM BALLARD
. I am a police-officer. I was stationed, on Monday morning, the 4th of March, in a place which commanded a view of the prosecutor's shop—I saw Miller that morning, at a little after seven o'clock, in Aldersgate-street—she went on to Barbican, looked about,, and came back—about twenty minutes past eight o'clock she went into the prosecutor's shop, and came out almost immediately, with some whalebone—she crossed the road, went down a variety of courts into Long-lane, into a public-house there, and threw the whalebone on the seat—she went into the tap-room, and called her husband out—he tried the whalebone in his hand, and then said something about change for half a crown—the woman was then going out—Forrester took her, and I took her husband—I went to the prosecutor, and saw the prisoner—I asked him if he had sold any thing besides the half-pound of edgings that morning—he said he had not—(I had seen Mr. Smith before, and directed him to put the same question to him)—I then asked if he sold them to the same woman that he had before—he said, "Yes"—I asked him if he had sold any thing else to any other person—he said, "No"—I then said we should show that that was not true, for the woman had been seen to go into the shop without any thing, and she came out with some whalebone—she had been followed and taken, and had had no edgings at all with her.

Cross-examined. Q. Might not that be done by a thief? A. It might—I should have stated, that before the woman went into the shop, the prisoner came to the door, and stood for two or three minutes, looking about him—when we took the woman, we asked her where she got the whalebone from—she said, "From Aldersgate-street," and named the-shop—I said, "What did you give for it?"—she hesitated, looked at her husband, and he took it up in his hand, tried the weight of it, and said 10s.; the woman then said 10s.—the man then said that they had pawned a ring to get the money; but I looked at the duplicate, and saw it had been pawned for only 5s.—I did not say any thing to frighten the woman, or to terrify her to say 10s., but she was frightened; and a more pitiable look I never saw a person give to any one than she did to her husband—when we got to the Compter, I told her she need not answer me any questions without she liked, and said, "You were there on Thursday?"—she said, "Yes"—"You were there again on Friday?"—"Yes"—"You were there again on Saturday?"—"Yes"—"Where is the whalebone you took away?"—"At home"—her husband was not present at this time—I asked her husband about it—he said he had sent her, and she said so also—he did not say that he had taken any himself.





JOHN FORRESTER
. I am an officer. I took Miller's husband, and afterwards went to their lodging, where I found some whalebone.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
