





242. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December
, 1 coach-cover, value 10s.; 1 set of reins, value 5s.; 1 basket, value 1s.; 2 bags, value 1s.; 1 piece of leather, value 1s.; 1 cushion, value 10s.; 2 mats, value 10s.; 1 jacket, value 5s.; 1 waistcoat, value 3s., and 1 towel, value 3d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Frank 
                           Fisher
                        



                     
                  ; 1 cap, value 6d., and 1 towel, value 3d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Hartford
                        



.
WILLIAM FRANK FISHER. I live at Thistle-grove, Fulham-road


. I saw the articles stated in the indictment safe in my wash-house, about four o'clock on the 13th of December - it is kept locked, and is surrounded by a wall; we found in the morning an attempt had been made to force the door which enters into a private lane -I found the prisoner in custody, in Kensington watch-house, with some of the articles, in the morning; the coach-house door had been forced open, and the windows of the stables were broken - it had been all safe over night.


                  JAMES 
                  HOLFORD
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Fisher. I saw the coach-house safe at eight o'clock in the evening - every thing was then locked up; I got up next morning at a quarter before seven, and found the coach-house door was broken off - the staple of the lock was drawn; part of a pane of glass was cut out of the stable window, but there was an iron bar inside; the coach-house door was broken open by some strong instrument - I missed a cap and a towel of my own, the other things were master's; I found the prisoner in custody with the whole of them, at six o'clock in the morning - they were in a bag, which had been in the coach-house; the prisoner worked at Little Chelsea about twelve months ago, and I have seen him once since - he said nothing to me at the watch-house.


                  JAMES 
                  McCARTHY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was coming home at half-past one o'clock at night, and heard somebody at the back of the prosecutor's premises; I stood still till it came close to me, and it turned out to be the prisoner - he heard me coming towards him, and bolted as hard as he could; I followed after him as hard as I could - he passed the stable, and had a bundle on his shoulder; he got over a bedge, and threw the bundle over a fence - I saw no one with him; I got over the fence, leaving the bundle there, and never lost sight of him till I caught him, and brought him back to the bundle, which I sold him tocarry to the station-house, but he would not; I sprang my rattle, and a private watchman came - he carried the bundle to the station; Mr. Fisher and his son came and claimed the property - I found inside the coach-house door another bundle, ready to be carried away.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had no bundle at all, nor any thing; I deny the charge altogether. I was in distress and out of work.
JAMES McCARTHY. I am sure I saw him throw the bundle over the fence and run away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 57. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
