





290. 
               
                  
                     ELLEN 
                     BROOKS
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November
, 1 gown, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Medcraft
               




            .
SARAH MEDCRAFT. I live at a house, kept by a person named Manuel, in Cooper's-court, near the London-docks


. I had not known the prisoner till last Thursday week, when she came to inquire for a lodging; I came down, and saw her sitting in the room - I afterwards lost a gown, which I saw at the pawnbroker's on the Saturday following.


                  JAMES 
                  FINCH
               



            . I am in the employ of a pawnbroker, in East Smithfield. I produce a gown, pawned by the prisoner, on the 24th of November, for 4s.


                  MARY 
                  MANUEL
               



            . I am the wife of John Manuel - we live in Cooper's-court. The prisoner came to my house, and asked for a lodging; I asked her to sit down, and have a cup of coffee, as I was at breakfast - she took it, and then she sent for a drop of wine; she then went up stairs - we got talking together; she said she lived in Tooley-street, and that she had got up very early - she said she paid 7s. or 7s. 6d. a week; I came down to get her some water - she came down in ten minutes, and said she would go and get more wine: she had 1s., and asked what it would come to - I said 10d.; she said she would go for it, and went out with a bottle, and never returned; I went up an hour or an hour and a half afterwards, and missed this gown from the room in which we had been: she had looked at it; she said it was a pretty thing, and asked if it was mine - I said No, it belonged to one of my lodgers.
Prisoner. I lent her a gown of mine - she returned it all worn out. Witness. She did lend me an old stuff gown once, and I returned it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
