



1489. 




JOSEPH SPENCER
. was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of May, 46lbs. of lead, value 8s., the goods of 



Charles Farnell, and another; 14lbs. of lead, value 3s. 6d., the goods of 



Francis Dibb; and 224lbs. of lead value 2s. 6d., the goods of 



William Scott, Esq.






CHARLES FARNELL
. I live at Isleworth. This lead was stolen from the parish of Egham, on the night of the 20th of May—it was fixed over the door-way of a dwelling-house of mine, and was stripped off—I never saw the prisoner till he was before the Magistrate—the 46lbs. of lead is mine—I do not know Mr. Scott.





JOSEPH TITCOMB
. I am a constable. I was sent for on the 21st of May to the White Bear, Hounslow, and was informed there was a person with lead, suspected to be stolen—I went into the house, and the prisoner was there—Isleworth is about two miles from Hounslow—I did not take the prisoner myself—there was another constable there—we went to Mills, who had bought the lead, and took it from him.





RICHARD WILLIAM PEARCE
. I am a plumber. I was sent for by the constable to see the lead, by Mr. William Scott's orders—he had lost 2 cwt. of lead from the top of his dwelling-house—which is not in the name range of

building as Farnell's—I matched some lead to Scott's dwelling-house—it tallied with it.





GEORGE PERMAN
. I am landlord of the White Bear, at Hounslow. I saw the prisoner drive a horse and small cart into my yard, on the 21st of May, about half-past seven, or a quarter to eight o'clock in the morning—he was muddy half way up his legs—his boots were very muddy, and the lead was all over mud, as if it had been thrown down off the roof—I saw him wiping the mud off the lead—I then went and looked into the cart—he said, "I want a feed of corn for my horse—I sent the ostler for it, and sent for Hall, the constable to come, but before he came the prisoner took the horse and cart and lead into Bonsor's yard—the constable came—I saw him lead the horse and cart out of the yard, and pointed him out—he went into my tap-room—the officer took him, and he said, "Do you think a respectable man like me would be guilty of stealing lead? I can show you I am a respectable man, and a dealer in marine stores"—the constable said "Whose horse and cart is that"—he said, "Oh, my own", but they found a ticket on him that it was hired for the day—I saw the lead matched to the different buildings, and every bit of it matched.





THOMAS RICHARDS
. I am a constable at Staines. I fitted the lead to the different premises—it all tallied, and appeared to have been recently taken—some was cut, and the rest torn off.





WILLIAM HILL
. I am a constable. On the 21st of May, I was sent for by Mr. Perman—I came to his house, and he told me his suspicions—I followed the prisoner into Mills' house, and found the lead in the back-house.





WILLIAM MILLS
. I am a dealer in marine stores. I bought some lead of the prisoner on the 21st of May, about a quarter before eight o'clock in the morning—he came at first and asked what I gave for old lead—I said 1l. a hundred weight" and said "Have you got some?" he said "Yes"—I said "Where?" he said "At the White Bear", and he had about 3 cwt.—he brought me a piece—I said I would give him 1l. a hundred weight for it—he brought it in the cart to my house—it weighed about 2 cwt. 3 qrs.—he gave me the name that was on the cart, "John Belton, Cow-keeper, Staines"—he said it was his own horse and cart.

Prisoner. He took the name from the cart without asking me about it.





CHARLES FARNELL

re-examined. General Scott, is now dead—my lead was missed on the 20th.—I have not a doubt of its being safe the night before from what the man at the house told me—it might have been taken some time before.

Prisoner's Defence. I live at Staines, and am a dealer in marine stores—on the 20th of May two men came and asked what I gave for old lead, they said it was sheet lead, which they were going to remove from a summer-house—I said I would give them 17s. a hundred weight—they said they would bring it in the course of the day—about six in the evening they brought 2 cwt. 1 qr. 7lbs.—I deducted the dross, and paid them 1l. 17s. 3d. they gave me the names of Charles and James Rouse,----fields, near Windsor, and said they would bring me some more in the morning—next morning I met one of the men, who said he had brought the rest of the lead—I weighed it, and it weighed about 52lbs.—he could not give me change for half a sovereign and I told him to call again for the money—he said he was going to stop at a public-house—I then put the lead into the cart and put up at the White Bear, Hounslow, and while breakfast was getting ready, I went into Mills' shop, asked what he would give, he said

17s. then offered 19s. then 1l. and I sold it him—he said I ought to stand something to drink, and we went to the public-house—I had not been there above a minute or two before the constable came, and said, "I have orders to take you into custody on suspicion of stealing lead"—I said if he suspected me I could soon convince him to the contrary—I could prove I was a respectable dealer at Staines—he refused to go with me and locked me up.




GUILTY
. * Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.

