






448. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  POOLE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of December

, 1 tea-caddy, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hall
               



            ; and 
               
                  
                     MARTHA 
                     LAVER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
JANE HALL. I am daughter of Thomas Hall, of George's-buildings, Old-street-road



. On the 7th of December I was going into the back parlour - I saw Poole in the shop, and two boys were outside; Poole took this tea-caddy from a table, and threw it to a boy out of the shop - I pursued, and took hold of him: three or four blackguard young men came up, and reseued him from me - I do not know what became of the caddy; the boys he threw it to had run away - I went back to the shop; Poole was brought in in about ten minutes with it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a baker, and live in George-street.? On the 7th of December, at a quarter before eleven o'clock, I was going down Old-street; I saw a mob, and inquired what was the matter - from what I heard I went in search of two boys I suspected, and saw this caddy in Laver's window; I asked who brought it-she said a boy had left it for a short time, and he was coming again - while I was waiting at Hall's, a young woman brought Poole in; I gave the caddy and the two prisoners to an officer.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Then Laver gave you answer directly? A. Yes, and told what she knew about it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
POOLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LAVER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
