



1467. 



JAMES ASHLEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of June, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 



William Deykes, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLAM DAVIS
. I am nearly fifteen years old, and live in Churchpassage, New Compton-street. On the 10th of June, between nine and ten o'clock, I was in Newport Market, and saw the, prisoner put his hand into a gentleman's coat pocket, take out a handkerchief, put it into his bosom, and run away with another who was with him, up, Hayes-court—I told the gentleman, and he went with me, and we went to several pawnbrokers to look for it—next morning I saw the prisoner and some other boys, in Church-street—I am quite certain he is the boy I saw take the handkerchief—I had seen him often before about the Seven Dials, and I saw him following the gentleman for about a quarter of an hour.

Prisoner. He has a spite against me—we had a fight together. Witness. I never fought him in my life—I have no spite against him.





JOHN FLETOHER
. I am sixteen years, old, and live at the corner of Nassau-street, at a baker's. I know the prisoner by seeing him when I am going my errands—I was in Newport Market with Davis and another little boy—the prisoner and another one came and tried to throw me down—we thought they were after something, and watched them—I saw him go behind the gentleman, take the handkerchief and shove it into his breast pocket.





WILLIAM DEYKES
. I am an attorney, but am not in practice—I live in Gerrard-street. On Saturday night, the 10th of June, I was in Newport Market, and in consequence of notice being given, me I missed my handkerchief, which was safe just before—I have not seen it since.





BENJAMIN GAHAN
 (police-constable F 136.) The prisoner was pointed out to me next day by Davis, with several others—I took him, and (found a duplicate on him, and an affidavit for another pledge.

Prisoner. The boy has been telling falsehoods.





RICHARD GOODE
 (police-constable F 99.), I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY



Transported for Fourteen Years.
