





24. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     DIXON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of April
, 1 watch, value 1l. 5s.; 2 keys, value 4d.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 3d., and 1 piece of foreign silver coin, value 3d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Howell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM HOWELL. I was in Sun-street, Bishopsgate


. On Easter Monday last, about half-past twelve o'clock at night; there were three young men at the corner of Bishopsgate - I stopped for a moment, as they were singing, and while I stood there the prisoner came to me and snatched my watch from my fob; I caught the watch in my hand, and caught the prisoner round the waist; he had got the watch just out of my pocket - I caught it in my hand; he rushed against me, and pulled the watch out of my fob; it was just out of my fob as I caught him; it was not quite out - the watch was at the bottom of my fob before, and he moved it up to the top of my fob; I seized hold of it, caught him round the waist - he threw me down; I called for assistance, and my brother-in-law came to my assistance, and took him off me - the prisoner had hold of the ribbon, and I had the watch in my hand - when he got me down he tried to throttle me; he got his hands on each side of my throat; I called out, and he let go of me immediately; he did nothing more to me - nobody kicked me- I never actually lost my watch; I had a silver coin attached to my watch-ribbon - (looking at the watch) this is it, and it has the same coin to it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You have had your watch since that night? A. Yes; I got it again three or four weeks afterwards, and kept it until I went to theMansion-house, when the prisoner was in custody, about a fortnight or three weeks ago - the officer asked me who the maker was - I know the maker's name - Riley took my watch in charge that night; when it was drawn from my fob - I got it again when I went to the Mansion-house, about three weeks afterwards - it was about six months ago; I have had it ever since - the officer had not handed it to me that night; I kept it till Mr. Riley came to my house, about three weeks ago, and said I must give it up into his care; I have never made a mistake on this subject - nobody kicked me when I was down; it was dark - there were about three persons singing; there was nobody at all listening to them - they were not singing for money; they were at play.


                  JAMES 
                  BRUNNING
               



            . I am brother-in-law to the prosecutor. I was in the same street that night; I was some yards before him; I heard him sing out for me; I ran up to him, and found a man holding the ribbon of the watch in one hand - and he had hold of the watch himself, and the man round the waist; the man was dragging him along the ground; I cannot recognise the man - I saw Nightingale the watchman - I caught hold of the man, and gave him in charge of Nightingale.
Cross-examined. Q. How many persons were there? A. No other persons; the singers were gone - as I passed them before, they appeared intoxicated - I only saw two men singing.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NIGHTINGALE
               



            . I am a watchman. I was in Sun-street, on Easter-Monday, and heard somebody cry out"Watch" - I went up, and a man was assisting Howell, who had the prisoner round the waist - I asked what was the matter - he said the prisoner had robbed him of his watch; I laid hold of the prisoner, and as I took him to the watch-house he knocked me down five or six times, and kicked me twice in the ****; and a companion of his interfered, and tried to wrench my truncheon from me while I had him on the ground, but I got him to the watch-house.
Cross-examined. Q. I dare say you made use of the truncheon yourself? A. I did not; when I was knocked down, the truncheon was wrenched out of my hand, and thrown on the ground - I tried to defend myself with my hands, but my truncheon was gone.


                  JOHN 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I was in Sun-street, on Easter-Monday - I came to the assistance of the watchman - I saw the prisoner catch hold of the prosecutor, and take the watch; they began to struggle, and I told the watchman to take hold of the prisoner - he kicked him once most dreadfully, and the watchman was obliged to let him go - I caught hold of him, got him down on the ground, while assistance came and took him from me; and while I held him, he bit my thigh through my trousers: the blood ran out of them - if I had not caught hold of his head, he would have got from me.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you not holding his head down? A. Yes; not knocking his head on the stones; I did not - he ill-used me most dreadfully - I held him down or he would have got away; but he kicked and bit me before that - he broke out of the watch-house in the morning - if I had got any thing about me he would not have got out of the watch-house for I would have given him a cut.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RILEY
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was given into my charge - I put him into Bishopsgatecage in the strong-room, and knowing him, I paid more attention to him than usual - I found in an hour afterwards, three iron bars wrenched off outside the cage, and he had got out and escaped - I took him again on the 20th of October - I knew him very well before.
Cross-examined. Q. You say you knew him to be a bad character, and paid more attention to him? A. Yes; he got out in an hour afterwards; it was a very busy night - I will swear the bars were not down before - the cage is under the burial-ground in Bishopsgate Church-yard - I found a small googe on his person.


                  William 
                  Barr
               



            , chairmaker, No. 2, Anchor-street, Swan-yard. Shoreditch; Charles Venables, chairmaker, No. 5, Cox-square, Bell-alley; and Thomas Shaw, cabinetmaker, of Hackney-road, gave the prisoner a good character.




               GUILTY of Stealing, but not from the Person
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
