





Before Mr. Justice Park.
395. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     BRANNAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously forging, on the 24th of December
, at St. Marylebone, a certain order for payment of money
            , which is as follows: - "London, 20th December, 1833. Messrs. Greenwood, Cox, and Co., pay self, or bearer, Ten Pounds, 
               JohnWeston
            ," with intent to defraud 
               
                  
                     John Henry 
                     De Lolme
                  




               
            , against the Statute, &c.
2nd COUNT. For uttering the same, well knowing it to have been forged, with the like intent.


                  JOHN 
                  HENRY DE LOLME
               



            . I am a watchmaker
, and live in Rathbone-place


 - the prisoner has been several times at my shop, and I think he has made a purchase - on the 21st of December, he came and desired to look at some watches, intended for a lady - he selected one, but wished to have it approved of before he determined on it - it was to be ten guineas - he left a cheque in the mean time, and expressed that it was for £10 - I felt perfectly at case about the difference from his appearance - he never came back.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS NASH
               



            . I am a policeman - I apprehended the prisoner on Thursday, the 23rd of January, in the North and South American Coffee-house, in the City - I searched him, and among his papers was a bill of Mr. De Lolme's; and underneath it there was written, "Left against a cheque of £10."
MR. DE LOLME. re-examined. This is the bill I gave him, and this is the cheque the prisoner gave me - I sent my man to Green wood's with it - he brought it back to me- I got no money for it.
Cross-examined by MR. PAYNE. Q. Is there any mark on it of yours? A. No; but I inspected the writing very closely - I made no copy of it - I swear to it being the cheque he gave me - I have not the least doubt of it.


                  JAMES 
                  CAVENDISH
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Greenwood and Cox - they have no person named John Weston, who purports to draw this cheque, dealing with them - I remember the cheque being presented to us - my answer was, "No such person known" - I have seen the prisoner at Cox and Greenwood's - I think he was clerk to a commissarygeneral, who returned from Sidney some time ago.
Cross-examined. Q. What is your department in the house? A. I am in the half-pay department - we have some banking accounts with officers who have sold out, and perhaps have left a balance in account - there are nine clerks in the office I am in - I do not know every body who has authority to draw on the house; but I went round to every clerk who keeps an account in the house, and asked them, and they said "No" - I say we have no such account in our room - I made no mark on the paper presented to me; but it was in the same words as this - I swear it is the same paper.(Cheque read.)
Prisoner's Defence. I leave it all to my counsel.



               GUILTY
             on Second Count. Aged 45. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
