





Second London Jury, before Mr. Sergeant. Arabin.
1556. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     LEWIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing,on the 11th of August
, 3 pillows, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM POOLEY. I am a servant. On the 11th of August, at half-past eleven o'clock, I saw the prisoner coming out of Mr. Brown's door, in Honey-lane market


 - I had seen him before; he had lived opposite there - he had a bundle under his arm; he said to me, "Halloo, Bill," and ran down the lane into Cheapside; I went up stairs with a pint of beer, and said there was a thief - he was taken about a fortnight ago; I am sure he is the person.


                  MARY 
                  DENNIS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. James Brown. I saw a person going down the stairs, but did not know him - he had a bundle; I had seen the pillows safe about half an hour before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer. I have apartments in the same house; I looked for the prisoner and could not find him, till he was taken by Potter on another charge, in Surrey; the prosecutor on that charge did not appear, and he was detained on this - I said, "I want to ask you one question - what did you do with the pillows?" he said "I sold them to a Jew for five shillings, in Aldersgate-street;" I mentioned that Mr. Brown had lost them; Pooley forgot to tell you that he left his shoes, and ran down without them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  POTTER
               



            . I had the prisoner in custody on the 31st of August; I took him before the Alderman, and he was remanded - I sent to the prosecutor, and he was not at home; the prisoner was then remanded till the 2nd of September - he said, without having any promise or threat made to him, that he sold the pillows the next morning to a Jew for five shillings.
Prisoner's Defence. On the day I was taken, he had two glasses of gin and a pint of beer, and he confessed he did not know what he said nor what I said.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
