



2342. 




SAMUEL HUTCHINSON
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Robert Flagg, on the 
23rd of October, at 

St. Andrew, Holborn, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 purse, value 1s.; 1 shawl, value 12s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d.; I ring, value 9s.; 1 box, value 2d.; and 9 shillings; the goods and monies of 



Bethulia Hunt.






BETHULIA HUNT
. I am a widow, and am servant to Robert Flagg, who keeps the White Hart public-house, in Brook's-market, Holborn. On Monday afternoon, the 23rd of October, I went up to my bed-room, and saw the prisoner at my room door—he had just come out of the door as I got up to it—I asked what business he had there—he said he thought it was the water-closet, and went down stairs—I found the door, which had been locked, was broken open—I had the key—the wood which holds the lock was broken—the lid of my trunk was on a box in the room, the box was moved on a bed, and property gone out of it—I came down stairs after the prisoner, and he went out backwards—I missed a purse, a shawl, a handkerchief, and 8s. in money, and a ring, from my trunk—they are worth altogether 23s.—I found a chisel lying down by the side of the box—I found the key in the box.





ROBERT FLAGG
. My house is in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn. In consequence of hearing an alarm on the stairs I followed the prisoner, and stopped him—he said he was in search of the water-closet—he went out of the front door into a yard—I followed and brought him back—he said he was in search of a water-closet—I said, "You could not expect to find one at the top of the house; if you want one you can go below, into a large yard "—I watched him go to the water-closet—he was there about a minute—he came out of there, and went into another water-closet in the yard—he was there fire minutes, and when he came out I gave him in charge of the police—I showed the constable the privies he had been in and the shawl and handkerchief were found down there while the policeman was gone to the office—the box was found the day afterwards.





WILLIAM GRAY
. I am a policeman. I received the prisoner into custody—I searched him, and found on him 7s. in silver—I searched the privies, and found a purse with a shilling in it—a shawl was given to me by Mr. Flagg—I applied the chisel to the room door—it corresponded with the marks, and appeared to have made them.





BETHULIA HUNT

re-examined, The shawl and handkerchief are mine—the shawl was in the box and the handkerchief hung over my bonnet in the room—this is my purse and box.


Prisoners Defence. I went to the White Hart and called for some beer and tobacco—the landlord requested me to go up stairs, as a party were playing at cards—I played with them at bagatelle for porter—I asked one the way to the water-closet—he said, "Up stairs"—I went up, tried the door on the landing, and found it shut—I opened another door and found it was a bed room, I came down and met the prosecutrix on the stairs.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Ten Years.
