






1178. 
               
                  REBECCA 
                  EDWARDS
               




             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     JONES
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of April
, 1 watch, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Tannahill
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN TANNAHILL. I am a tailor
, and lodge at No. 1, Cross-court, Drury-lane. On the 28th of April I met theprisoners in Long-acre - they asked me to go with them, and they conducted me to No. 4, Church-street, St. Giles'


; I had had some ale, but was none the worse for it - I went with them both into a room; Jones received 2s. from me, and they wished me to stop with them, but it not appearing a place I wished to be in, I declined stopping - Jones then left the room, and the other began to undress to go to bed, which I declined; I sat down on the bed, as there was no other convenience for sitting - I fell asleep, and awoke about five o'clock; the other prisoner was then gone, the door was open, and I missed my watch, which was safe when I fell asleep -Jones had then gone, and the door was bolted inside.
Edwards. He was very much in liquor - he had not a farthing more than the 2s., which he gave to Jones; he told me to take his watch to pawn. Witness. No, 1 did not, and in evidence to the contrary, my watch-pocket was cut - the ribbon was inside; my handkerchief was likewise stolen.
SAMUEL HAMPSTEAD. I am shopman to Mr. Nicholls, a pawnbroker, in Gray's Inn-lane. I have a silver watch, which was brought to our shop on the 29th of April, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, by the two prisoners - Jones pawned it for 14s.; she said she pawned it for 
               
                  George 
                  Baker
               



            , No. 24, Queen-street.
JAMES COLLINS. I am a Police-constable. I was applied to by the prosecutor to go to No. 4, Church-street, where I found Edwards in the first floor room - the prosecutor pointed it out to me: I found Jones in the floor above -Edwards was some time before she opened the door; I asked her for the young man's watch - she said she had no watch of his; I then asked her for the duplicate - she said she had no duplicate but what was her own; I said she must go with me to the station-house - she said why did not I take the other girl as well as her; I found this bag laying on the table, and in it the duplicate of this watch - I then went up stairs with her, and she knocked at Jones' door; I was asked what was wanted - I said I wanted her respecting a watch; she said would I allow her to dress herself - I said, certainly; I then took her to the station - it is not a house of ill-fame; it is for travellers and working people - here are the prosecutor's trousers; the watch-pocket appears to be torn.
SAMUEL HAMPSTEAD. This is the duplicate I gave for the watch.
The prisoners put in a written defence, stating that the prosecutor had treated them with liquor, and sent Edwards to pledge his watch.
COURT to PROSECUTOR. Q. Did you treat the prisoners to any drink? A. Yes; we had a pint of beer and a quartern of gin at a house in Long-acre.
EDWARDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
JONES - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
