







1809 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BLACKMORE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILSON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SELBY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
, 8 seals, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Wallis
                  




               
            .


                  JANE 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am assistant to Mr. Edward Wallis; he is a jeweller
, and lives in High-street, Islington


. On the evening of the 21st of July, at a quarter-past seven o'clock, Blackmore came in for change for a shilling; I said I had not change - he left the shop instantly, and as he left he swept the counter with his arm, and took a card of eight seals; I went round the counter, and called thePoliceman, who took him into custody - I did not see either of the other prisoners.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Might not this he a mistake? A. No, they could not have been taken off by mistake - I was serving two ladies at the time.


                  JAMES 
                  PILGRIM
               



            . I keep an eating-house in Rufford's-buildings. On the 21st of July the three prisoners came into my shop, at a quarter-past seven o'clock, and ordered three basins of soup; my daughter served one - the Policeman came in, and ordered one after another out of the box; they dropped these seals under the table.


                  JOHN 
                  SHEEHY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was going by the shop, and met Perry, who gave me information; he said they had gone into Pilgrim's shop - I went and saw the three prisoners at the table - Wilson asked what was the charge; I told them to keep their hands out of their pockets; I heard something drop on the floor, and found these seals - it was almost opposite the prosecutor's.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Did you order them out? A. Yes, out of the box they were sitting in; I do not know who dropped them - the box was not very large.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PERRY
               



            . I was near the prosecutor's, and saw the prisoners - Selby gave Blackmore a shilling, and he went into Jones', the tallow-chandler's - he then came out, and went into the prosecutor's; he came out with a card like this, and showed it to them - they then ran after him down to the Peacock; they then returned, and went to the eating-house; I told this lady, and she told me to tell the Policeman.
Wilson's Defence. I was not there at the time - I had just left my work, and met these two prisoners; I told 
               Selby
             I would take my supper at the cook-shop - he said he would go with me.
Selby's Defence. I had left my work, and met Blackmore; I owed him 4d., and gave him 1s. to get change - I then met Wilson, who said he was going to an eating-house - we went, and were taken.
BLACKMORE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Whipped
             and Discharged.
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
SELBY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
