




1884. 




ANN SMITH
 and 




ELEANOR SULLIVAN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of June, 9 yards of printed cotton, value 5s. 3d., and 5 yards of printed woollen cloth, value 9s. 6d., the goods of 



Joseph Norbury.






GEORGE SMITH
. I am in the service of Joseph Norbury, in Crawford-street. On the 10th of June, the prisoners came to his shop about a quarter before one o'clock—I had seen them before—I saw them go to the end of the shop—Smith sat on the left hand, and Sullivan on the right—Smith told Mr. Norbury she wanted to change a dress they had bought a day or two before—Mr. Norbury got some mousseline de laine dresses for them to look at—they did not decide on any—he went to the window to get some more—while he was there Smith went to the other side of the shop, and took this printed cloth dress, and shewed it to Sullivan—I then looked for the dress, and all at once it disappeared—I then went round the end of the counter, and saw Smith lift the left hand side of her cloak up—I saw this printed cotton dress under her cloak—I went back to where I first was, and Mr. Norbury came with some more dresses to the prisoners—they decided on one, and changed the dress which they brought back for it—they then bought some calico and half a yard of silk—they paid for them and went out—I then went out and went up to Smith—I said I wanted to speak to her respecting a dress—she said, "What dress? I have not any dress"—I then asked where Sullivan was—she said she had gone round the corner—I took Smith with me to Sullivan, and told her I wanted her respecting a dress we had lost—I brought them both back to the shop, and asked Smith about the dress—she said she had not got it—Mrs. Norbury said, "I saw her drop this dress," pointing to this one, which is the one I had seen under Smith's cloak—I then spoke to Sullivan, and she said Smith had been drinking just before she entered the shop with a young man, and she begged Mr. Norbury to let Smith go—a policeman was sent for—Mr. Norbury said he did not suspect Sullivan but Smith, and the policeman took Smith—but previous to that they had changed their bonnets in the shop—Sullivan went with us to the station-house, and when we got nearly there Smith said, "Sullivan has got a dress also, and if I go she shall go"—I then mentioned it to the policeman, and when we got in the policeman searched Sullivan, and found this cloth dress, which is the one I saw Smith take off the counter—Sullivan said she had bought it at our shop, and had given 8s. 6d. for it, and brought it with her that Smith might have one like it—but when she was in the shop Sullivan had not shewn any dress at all—Mr. Norbury said he should like to have the premises searched at No. 2, George-street, Lisson-grove—this dress was found there in the back room first floor, and this shawl was in the front room, and in a work box on the table I found four or five duplicates—I can state that these were our goods, and had not been sold.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you not state before the Magistrates, "I saw Smith go to the counter, take a Saxony cloth dress from the counter, she then went back to Sullivan, shewed the dress to her, and then put it under her cloak?" A. Sullivan must have put it under her cloak because it was found there at the station-house—I did not intend to represent that Smith put it under her own cloak—I can swear that the

dress found on Sullivan was the one I had seen Smith take from the counter and show her—it was the only dress on the counter of this pattern—we had sold dresses of this pattern before, but not for 8s. 6d., which was the price Sullivan said she gave for it—Sullivan might have gone away.





RICHARD ROADNIGHT
 (police-constable T 120.) I was sent for and took Smith in charge for stealing this dress—the prisoners then exchanged bonnets—we came out, and in going along, Smith said Sullivan was as bad as she was—I said, "Do you live together?"—she said, "Yes," that Sullivan took her to the shop, and Sullivan had taken a dress—I then found this other dress on Sullivan—I went to the lodging which Sullivan gave me the direction to—the landlady took me up stairs, and there I found this shawl and this other dress, and four duplicates of three dresses, some shawls, and half-a-dozen white handkerchiefs.

Cross-examined. Q. Did Sullivan tell you which room to go to? A. No.

Smith's Defence. I went to the shop and bought a dress—I brought it home—Sullivan did not like it—I took it back to change, and Sullivan went with me, but seeing nothing I liked better, I bought six yards of calico—Sullivan then took a dress, and persuaded me to have another, which in my flurry I took and dropped it in the shop.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported Seven Years.

SULLIVAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Six Months.

First Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

