




2279. 




JOHN FREEMAN
 and 




JAMES CULLYFORD
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
19th of October, 1 handkerchief, value sixpence, the property of----



Johnson, from his person.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the property of a man unknown.






RICHARD TOZER
 (police-constable R 149.) On the 19th of October, in the evening, I saw the prisoners at Charlton fair, in Kent—I watched them for some time, and saw them attempt to pick several pockets—I at last saw them go behind a gentleman who stood in front of a stall, and saw Freeman put his hand into the gentleman's pocket, take a handkerchief out, and directly pass it to Cullyford, who was in company with him—I immediately took hold of Freeman; and Wild, another constable, took Cullyford—I told the gentleman what had happened—he went with us to the station-house, and gave the name of Johnson, living in Chapel-place, Woolwich—we could find no such person or place at Woolwich—there is Chapel-row, but we could not find him there—I am certain it was out of his pocket the handkerchief was taken.

Cullyford. Q. Did I take the handkerchief from Freeman? A. Yes; Freeman took it out of the gentleman's right-hand coat pocket, and passed it to you—you was near enough to see him take it—you was standing close to him, behind the gentleman.





JAMES WILD
 (police-constable R 141.) On Monday, the 19th of October, I assisted Tozer in taking the prisoners—I saw Cullyford receive a handkerchief from Freeman, and as I laid hold of him, he threw it under the stall—I had seen Freeman pass it to Cullyford—I spoke to the gentleman, who went to the cage with us—I have not been able to find him—I produce the handkerchief—it is a cotton one.

Freeman's Defence. There was a gambling-table—I had 1s. 1d., and I put it on the table—there was a row, and I moved up higher, and all at once there was a great push in the mob, and the policeman collared me.

Cullyford's Defence. I was at the fair—the policeman collared me, and asked the gentleman if he had lost his handkerchief—the gentleman said "No"—the policeman said it was a red one—the gentleman then said he had lost one.





JAMES WILD

re-examined. There was a gambling-table, but as soon as we came up, they put their light out, and took the table away—we had followed the prisoners for half anhour, knowing them.

FREEMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

CULLYFORD—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Seven Year.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

