



1032. 




ELLEN WRIGHT
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
2nd of March, 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 sovereign, and 1 half-sovereign, the goods and monies of 



James Hope Drummond, from the person of 



Catherine Drummond.







CATHERINE DRUMMOND
. I am the wife of James Hope Drummond. On the 2nd of March, I was in the shop of Mr. Hubbert, a cheesemonger, in Whitechapel-road, at near nine o'clock at night—I went to buy a joint of pork and some butter, and in paying for them I took some silver out of my pocket—I had a purse in my pocket containing a sovereign and a half. sovereign—my pocket has a parting in it—my purse was in one side, and the silver in the other—in turning to go out I stepped on my thimble—I stooped and picked it up—my husband was waiting outside, and he said, what had I stooped for?—I said my thimble, that I had bent it, but I would straighten it when I got home—I put it into my pocket, and then missed my purse—I went back and told Mr. Hubbert—the prisoner was in the shop, and had been very close to my right side when I paid for my articles—Mr. Hubbert asked if any one was near me—I said, "Yes, the young woman in the blue bonnet," (which was the prisoner)—as soon as I said that, the prisoner was going out, but Mr. Hubbert reached his am over and stopped her—he saw my purse fall, and took it up—it was then empty—the prisoner had been as close as she could be to me, and pressed very ranch against me.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. I believe the shop was full of people? A. There were a great many people there, but not near the butterscale where I was—I had a shawl on, not my cloak—I was five or ten minutes in the shop—I did not miss my purse till I had got out of the shop, and put my thimble in my pocket.





JAMES HUBBERT
. I am a cheesemonger. The prosecutrix was at my shop—I did not observe the prisoner come in—the prosecutrix came in again and complained of losing her purse—she said that loud enough for every one in the shop to hear it, the prisoner was there, and I have every reason to suppose she heard it—when the prosecutrix said the girl is the blue bonnet was the person she suspected, the prisoner attempted to come out—she had not been served with any thing, nor had she asked for any thing—I put out my hand and stopped her—the shop was then very full—when it got clear, the prisoner was at the bottom of the shop—as she came up. I saw something go down, and I picked the purse up from under her clothes—I have every reason to suppose it fell from her, became I had looked over the shop before it fell.

Cross-examined. Q. How near was the prosecutrix to the purse when it fell? A. I was two or three yards from the prisoner, and the prosecutrix was close to me.





CATHERINE DRUMMOND
. re-examined. This is my purse—the moneys lost—I had not taken the purse out of my pocket at all.




GUILTY
.* Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.
