




2283. 




GEORGE EASTON
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
26th of September, at 
St. Saviour's, Southwark, 301bs. of lead, value 4s., the goods of 



John Howe, his master; and 





JOHN ANDERSON
 was indicted for

 felaniously receiving the same, well knowing the same to have been stolen against the Statute, &c.






JOHN HOWE
. I am a builder and plumber. The prisoner Easton, was in my employ as a journeyman, for two years, and worked for me once before—I did not know of this loss—I found some lead at the station-house—one of the picecs I can identify as mine, from its peculiar shape and the manner of its being cut—Easton had no right to sell lead—it was

new lead—a piece had been cut out of it for a particular purpose—on the evening before his apprehension, he was directed to cut out some pieces of lead which were going into the country, and I believe this to be the remnant of a sheet which he had cut.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you cut the lead out yourself? A. No. I did not—I employ him as a plumber—I manufacture a particular article, for hatters—I was not apprentieed to a plumber, but I can swear to the lead—one piece had been lying about a king while, before—I had jobs in hand at the time, on which I employed Eastton—I set him to do some lead-work at Newton's tavern, and to put a new pipe to it.

Q. If he discovered more work was necessarry, did he do right to take lead to use on that work? A. Certainly not without consulting as—when I gave him discretion, he finished jobs as he thought tit—I once employed him to do work at Mr. Irving's a batters—he has been employed there so often, I cannot tell whether he found it necessary to use used more lead there than I thought necessary—he might use more than I first told him probably—he was liming an old wooden sink at the Three Tons, in the Borough, the day before he was apprehended—I have not been there to ascertain whether more lead was necessary there, than I told him to take—I am certain more was not necessary—I did not find the job complete—I told him to take a piece of lead, and showed him the place it was to be put into—he cut that out on Friday afternoon, and took it to his job, where he was apprehended, but he had not used it—the lead for that job, was there—there was lead enough to finish that job, on the premises—there was a piece about six feet long, and seven inches wide, cut out of a sheet of lead at my shop—I heard jim tell the Magistrate that he took this lead to finish that job, and left it on the way, to go back to some nails.





JOHN WOODHOUSE
 (police-constable M 13.) On Satuday, the 26th of September, I was on duty in Southwark-bridge-road, and saw the prisoner Easton carrying a roll of lead on his shoulder—he passed me, coming in a direction from his master's house; after passing me some distance, he turned into Red-Cross-Street, and there I lost sight of him—it was at seven o'clock in morining—I did not see him any more till I came to the prisoner Anderson's shop, which is a marine-store-shop, in Red-cross-street—I there saw Anderson handing the roll of lead out of a scale, to a boy who was carrying it into his back permises—it appeared the same roll that Easton had been carrying—the boy carried it into a back shed at Anderson's—I could not tell whether he spoke to the boy, for Easton was turning road to come out of the shop—I did not see any lead in Anderson's front shop—I asked Easton, Just against the door, what he had done with the lead—he said it was all right, he had only left it there—he had come out without any nails, and was going back to fetch them—I asked who he worked for—he said, for Mr. Howe, of Southwark-bridge-road—Anderson was on the other side of the counter—I said, "Anderson, bring that lead forward"—he said, "I know nothing about it, it was only left here"—I took themn both to the station-house—I asked Anderson how it came in the seale—he said that Easton put it in by accident, when he brought it into the shop—I did not then notice whether there were any weights in the scale—I took them both to the station-house, and returned—the lead was weighed at the station-house,

and weighed thirty pounds—I returned to Anderson's shop, and found two weights in the scale—I spoke to the boy, and looked at the weights—one was twenty-eight pounds, and the other, two pounds.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. This was the usual time of going to wrok? A. It was about seven o'clock—there was nothing to conceal the lead—I found he worked where he said.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I suppose you searched Easton at the station-house? A. Yes; and fonned 5s. 11 1/2d. On him—I found nothing particular on Anderson—I knew him before—he brought the lead forward when I desired him—the station-house is about 200 yards from where I took them—I returned to the house in about a quarter of an hour—I took Anderson in his own house—I found no nails on Easton.

COURT. Q. How far was Eastton from his mastter's shop? A. Not above thiry yards.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you say you saw the lead in the scale? A. Yes; I saw Anderson taking it from the scale—Easton must have been in the shop about a minute and a half before I saw him there—I saw no money pass.

MR. DOANE. Q. You swear you saw him lifting it out of the scale? A. Yes; it was in the scale—Anderson was hoisting it out of the scale—I saw him in the act of handing it out of the scale—he had not got the weight of it in his hand—he had just got hold of it to lift it out, just as I was looking into the window—the scale was quite clear of the counter, in the centre of the shop—Anderson admitted before the Magistrate that it had been in the scale—the small piece of head was rolled up inside the large piece.

JURY. Q. Did the prisoners seem to be acquainted? A. I did not hear any converstion between them.





JOHN HOWE

re-examined. The lead cost me about 4s. 6d.—the selling price is about 15s. or 16s. per cwt.—I mean, to be sold as old lead—this is new lead—it cost me from 19s. to 19s. 6d. per cwt.—I do not charge 4d. a pound—a small quantity would be charged higher than a large one—if it was cut out of a sheet, I must charge more than for the whole sheet, as it would be spoiled in cutting out—the thirty pounds did not cost me as much as 5s. 11 1/2d.—I should charge 24s. or 25s. per cwt.

Easton's Defence. On the 25th of September, I was employed by Mr. Howe to do a job at the Three Tuns—he told me to put some lead round the back as flushing, and new pipe—I measured the piece for the back, which was seven feet four inches, which I cut off a whole sheet—I took some pipe to the job—on Friday afternoon in cutting the old pipe, I saw the bottom of the sink would not stand, and I thought I would take this piece of seven pound lead, as it laid there, thinking to cut a piece out, to put in the bottom of the sink—the other piece I took to cover some wood-work, which I thought would complete the job, although Mr. Howe did not tell me to do so.





JOHN WOODHOUSE

re-examined. He was not going in a direction to the Three Tuns—he had passed the place he ought to have turned down to go there—he was not above four or five uards out of the direct road.
(William Baker, cabinet-maker, Redcross-street, Borough, gave Easton a good character.)

EASTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.

ANDERSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.




Transported for Seveen Years.


Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

