




470. 




ANTHONY BARKWITH
 and 




THOMAS SHERWOOD
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles
Colliver, on the 
31st of July, at 
St. Nicholas, Deptford, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 watch, value 2l.; 2 rings, value 1l. 15s.; 1 brooch, value 8s.; 1 pair of ear-rings, value 10s.; 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 2 half-crowns, 12 shillings, and eight sixpences; the goods and monies of 



Elizabeth Colliver.







ELIZABETH COLLIVER
. I live with my father, Charles Colliver, at Deptford-green, in the parish of St. Nicholas. On Sunday, the 31st of July I went to church, at six o'clock in the evening, with my father—we left nobody in the house—the doors and windows were fastened—we returned at a little after eight o'clock, and found the door was fattened inside—when we got in, we found a pane of glass taken out of the backparlour window, which was opened—I missed the articles stated, and 2l. 11s. 6d. in money—1 have not seen any of the things since.





JAMES WILD
 (police-constable R 181.)I went to the prosecutor's house on the 1st of August, and looked at the back-parlour window,—I which was found somebody had entered—I could not see any footmarks—they had got in by lifting a clothes-post in the garden, and putting it against the window—any body upon that could reach the window, but it must have been somebody of very light weight, or it would not have borne them—either of the prisoners could reach the window and take the pane out from that pott—I assisted in apprehending Sherwood in December, and Lovell took him to the station house, I said nothing to induce him to say any thing.





BENJAMIN LOVELL
. On Thursday night, the 22nd of December, I apprehended Sherwood, and took him to the station-house—I did not threaten him or make him any promise—I told him I took him for a robbery at Deptford-green, and also a robbery at High-street—he said, he knew nothing about it, but going along he said he had nothing to do with the robbery himself, but Bark with got in at the window by the post, and took the rings and money, and he owned he had given him half-a-crown and twopence out of it—he then said he got up to the window himself but he saw the place was furnished so beautifully he was afraid to go in, and he got down and ran away alongside of the ditch—that he went down into that country himself, and Barkwith went away with one Driscoll—I had been looking for him for six weeks and more.





JOHN TAYLOR
. I am a constable. I apprehended Barkwith on the 6th of August—I did not threaten or promise him any thing—when I took him he said "Take Sherwood"—I said "I will if I can get him"—and on going to the station-house he said he would not say a word till I caught Sherwood—every time I went to the station-house he kept asking if I had found Sherwood—I told him "No"—that was all he said—he was discharged by the Magistrate and taken afterwards.





JOHN DOOLEY
. I am eleven years old, and live at Deptford-green, on the opposite side of the way to Mr. Colliver. One Sunday evening in the summer time, (I cannot tell what month it was,) about half-past six o'clock I was playing with some children near Mr. Colliver's, and Barkwith gave me two cherries to go away, and take the children with me—I knew him before—I took them all away—I went a little further, and went down again, and saw Barkwith standing on the privy of the stable in Mr. Gordon's yard—he had only to get over a wall, and he would be at Mr. Colliver's house—Sherwood was with him standing on the privy—I did not see which way they went—I could not see them any more as the fence was too high for me—they bobbed down when I went to look, and I could not see where they went to.


Sherwood. He did not see me on the privy. Witness, I am quite sure they were both on the privy.




BARKWITH—
GUILTY—Aged 14.—of stealing under the value of 5l
.

SHERWOOD—


GUILTY
 Aged 14.—



Transported for Fourteen Years.
