



1868. 




CHARLES WILDS
 was indicted

 for forging and uttering a request for the delivery of goods.






JAMES RUSSELL
. I am a shovel maker, and live in Europa-place, Bath-street. On the 12th of June I was at my master's, Mr. Rome—the prisoner and another man came about eleven o'clock in the morning—the prisoner said he came from Waterloo Wharf—he gave me this order—(read)—"Please to let the bearer have four pointed shovels, four flat, two ladders, and one spudger"—Mr. Blackell is the proprietor of Waterloo Wharf—we had never done any thing for him—I had not got the things ready—I brought out seven shovels—he picked out four, and said he could wait an hour if I would give him something to drink—I did not give him the goods—I told him I could finish another ladder, and while I was gone he came and took away six pointed shovels, instead of the four which he had picked out—I did not intend to let him have the things—I intended to go with them myself—I should not have brought them out if he had not said he came from Waterloo Wharf, and produced the order.





THOMAS ROME
. I came in and saw this paper—my man had been to the wharf and found the order had never been sent—he would not have thought of giving the goods up on such an order as this—he meant to go with the man to bring the money back—the prisoner and another went into the yard and took the six shovels away.





THOMAS BYRNE
. I live at Waterloo Wharf. This is not the handwriting of any person at the wharf.


Prisoner. I was never near the place.





WILLIAM HORSPOOL
. I am a butcher. I was at my shop and saw two persons come out of Mr. Rome's with some shovels and a ladder—Mrs. Rome sent me after them—I ran and said they had got six shovels instead of four—the prisoner said it was a mistake, they had got another gang on and he was to have six.




GUILTY of Uttering. Aged 42.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

