




833. 




THOMAS LANE
 and 




JOHN CHAPMAN
 were indicted for

burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Frederrick Butcher, about the hour of seven, in the night of the 
10th of February, at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 9 1/2 yards of printed cotton, value 5s. 10d., his goods.






GEORGE FREDERICK BUTCHER
. I am a linen-draper, and live in Pitfield-street, Hoxton, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch. On Friday evening, the 10th of February, I lighted the gas, about half-past five o'clock, it was then dusk—I could see a man's face then by the light of the day—about seven o'clock in the evening I heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I went to the door, and presently a witness came in with a printed dress, and asked me if it was mine—I recognised it—I had seen it in the window that afternoon—a pane of the window had been cracked, and a small piece of the glass out, so that a man could get his two fingers through, but on the alarm being given, I found glass had been extracted

sufficiently to put an arm through—this is my cotton, I know it by my mark on it.





PHILIP REGNORT
. I live in Britannia-street, Bagnigge-wells. On Friday evening, the 10th of February, about half-past six o'clock, I was in Pitfield-street, and saw both the prisoners round the prosecutor's shop, close against the window—I watched them for half an hour, and then saw Lane cross from the other one, and go to Mr. Butcher's shop—he put his hand into the glass, and drew the print out of the window—he then put it underneath his coat, and turned into Queen-street, where he took it from under his coat—I ran to secure him—he dropped it and ran away—Chapman was on the opposite side of the way, looking over at him, and dodging from one window to the other, while he took it, to see if any body was coming—when Lane ran off I saw nothing more of Chapman, till last Friday, when he was secured in this Court—I followed Lane, and saw him stopped by a man, and given into custody of an officer—I directly returned to where the print was dropped, and found a man had picked it up and taken it to Mr. Butcher—I took it from him at the station-house, and it appeared the same piece of print—it was quite wet when I found it, and the ground was wet—it had been raining.

Chapman. I was not there. Witness. He was, and with Lane, for half an hour—he crossed over, and looked into the shop with Lane three or four times.





GEORGE KEMP
 (police-constable N 82.) I was in Pitfield-street about a quarter before seven o'clock on Friday evening—it was quite dark then—my attention was drawn to the prisoners—I saw Lane standing at the corner of Queen-street, and Chapman right opposite the prosecutor's shop—I knew they knew me, and went round a different way—I watched them for a quarter of an hour, and saw them cross to the shop several times in company together—I then saw Lane leave the other prisoner, cross to the shop, and draw something from the window—I followed him, and never lost tight of him from the time he threw the print down till he was in custody—several people stopped him, but he knocked them down, and give one person two black eyes—the print was quite wet, as if it had been on the ground—I called "Stop thief," and Lane also cried "Stop thief," but there was nobody running before him.

Lane's Defence. About half-past seven o'clock I was coming from my work over Hoxton-bridge—there was a band of music—I followed it till it stopped opposite Mr. Butcher's shop and began to play—I stopped to hear it—there was a cry of "Stop thief"—the people all ran from the band after the thief, and I followed the thief down several dark turnings—a man ran out of a place and caught hold of me—they lost sight of me for about three minutes.

Chapman's Defence. I am a plasterer by trade—I was coming by Newgate-street here, and was taken into custody—that is all I know of it.

LANE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

CHAPMAN †—



GUILTY. Aged 19. Of stealing only.






Transported for Seven Years.

