





1097. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     PAYNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of May
, 1 silver medal, value 3s.; 1 crown, and 1 half-crown
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Barton
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BARTON
               



            . I met the prisoner on Saturday night, the 8th of May, about nine o'clock, at the corner of Tothill-street; she wanted me to go to the Almonry - I said that was a blackguard place, I would not go there; she then took me to No. 45, Duck-lane


 - we went to bed, and I went to sleep, having rolled up my money and my Waterloo medal in my waistcoat, and put it under the bedstead - there was a crown piece, a half-crown, and some small silver; I am quite sure she is the person - I had been in her company for about an hour at a public-house- I awoke about twelve o'clock; she then asked me to let her go down for a pint of water - I said she might if she came up directly; she did not return - I missed my money and the medal from my waistcoat: the medal had no mark on it; it was one I got from a jeweller's shop -I had lost the first medal I had in a similar manner.


                  ELEANOR 
                  HOMMERSTON
               



            . I keep a cook's-shop. The prisoner came into my house, and gave the medal to me, saying she would be back - this was about one o'clock in the morning; it was afterwards inquired for, and I gave it up.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WILKINS
               



            . On the Sunday morning the prosecutor came and said he had lost some property - I went to the apartment, but no one was there; Hommerston gave me the medal - the prisoner came in the evening, and was taken.
Prisoner. Q. Where is the young man who was with you? A. I do not know.
Prisoner's Defence. I met this young man - he gave me a quartern of rum, and then we went home; he went into the yard, and staid half an hour - he then came in, and said he had forgotten something; he went back, and was counting money - we went up stairs, and then he said he was thirsty; I went for some water, and there was none in the yard - I picked up this medal; I went to the witness for a pint of water, and told her to mind it for me.


                  JAMES 
                  BARTON
               



            . I did go down the yard, but I felt the money in my pocket when I went to bed - I am certain of that, if I was going to death this moment - I was quite sober.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
