



188. 




WILLIAM SMITH, alias
 John Peacock

, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of November, at
 Barnes, 1 gelding, value £30, the property of 



Stephen Langridge.



MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Proscution.





SAMUEL OWEN
. I am a milkman, and live at Barnes. On Sunday morning the 19th of October, I saw the prisoner at the Red Lion, at Barnes, about half-past nine o'clock in the morning—in consequence of a message I had received, I went to see him there—I said I understood he wanted to turn a horse out—that was the message I had received—my father has fields close by—this horse was in the stable—the prisoner said yes, and he wished to see the field—I took him to the field, which is not twenty yards from the Red Lion—he inquired particularly if the fences were good—I agreed that he should pay 1s. per night—it was a bay mare, with a black mane and tail—he said most likely he should fetch it out on the Tuesday evening following—I went to the same field on Wednesday evening in consequence of a message, and found the prisoner in the field with the horse in his possession—he had caught it—three men were with him—he took the horse out of the field and showed it off to those three men—he did not pay for the keep—my father had suspicion of him—I went into the Red Lion to be paid for the keep, and he was bargaining with those three men for the horse—he said he would pay me in a few minutes, and Chant came up and took him into custody.





JOHN CHANT
. I am a constable. I took the prisoner into custody in consequence of information from Owen, on the night of the 22nd of October, at the Red Lion, at Barnes—I asked him where he brought the horse from, and what he was—he told me I might find out—he said he had put the horse in a field in the name of William Smith—and he bought it at Eversley fair.

Prisoner. I said I bought it near Cheshar bridge. Witness. He did not—he said he bought it at Eversley fair—he said he himself bought it—Eversley is in Berkshire, forty miles from Barnes.





NATHANIEL LANGRIDGE
. I am the prosecutor's son, who lives at Chaldon—my father is a farmer. This horse was turned out about five miles from our house, on the 19th—I had information that it was lost—I had seen it at Mr. Butt's meadow about ten days before, at Willy, near Farnham—I had taken it there to grass—it had been there three months—I saw it before the Magistrate on Monday, the 27th, in possession of the ostler—I have had it in my care ever since—it is the horse I lost—it is worth £30—I found it at Barnes—Chant, the constable, had it put in a stable there.

J. CHANT
re-examined. It was the same horse as I got from Owen.





JOHN BUTT
. I am a farmer, living at Farnham. I took in a horse to graze, belonging to Stephen Langride, for about three months—I missed it out of the meadow on Saturday night, the 18th of October or early on Sunday morning I had put it in the meadow myself—I saw it there about three o'clock in the afternoon, and missed it on Sunday morning—I saw it again on the 28th of October, in possession of Langridge, who brought it from Barnes.





HERBERT PEARCE
. I am a labourer, living at Farnham. I saw the prisoner on the 17th of October, between three and four o'clock, at his sister's, close to where I work, at Farnham.

Prisoner's Defence. I was there on the 17th, 18th, and 19th, in the morning, and three or four days before—I lived at Farnham—I was bred and born there, and was a horse-dealer all my life, and my father before me—I have been in London with my brother, about four months—he and I went to Farnham to see a relation—he gave me money to buy a horse, if I should see it in my journey—I came back on Wednesday following,

and stopped with my relations till Sunday, the 19th—I came away between three and four o'clock in the morning, and got on this side of Ash, when a gentleman's servant overtook me with a pair of horses—I got up and rode as far as Chesham bridge—and between Shepherton and Chesham bridge, I overtook a man with a horse—I asked if he would sell it—he said yes—I asked what he asked—he said twenty guineas—he would not warrant him sound—he said he had bought it at Eversley fair on the Saturday before, of one Smithers—I knew Smithers to be a respectable man, and bought the horse of him for 18l.—he said his name was John Smith, and he lived near Uxbridge—I paid him the money, and came on to Barnes, and put the horse up there—I asked the ostler if he knew where I could turn it out—he said he knew a friend who had grass—and the witness came—I agreed with him for 1s. a night, and turned the horse out—on Wednesday I showed it to three men, and I told the young man I would pay him.





SAMUEL OWEN

re-examined. When I first saw him, the horse was in the stable—nobody here saw him before it got in the stable—he had no saddle nor bridle when I saw it.





JOHN CHANT

re-examined. He gave me the name of William Smith—he said he put the horse in the field into that name—he did not tell me his real name.





HERBERT PEARCE

re-examined. He went by the name of Peacock—his name is not Smith—I know his father was a horse-dealer.





NATHANIEL LANGRIDGE

re-examined. I know his father was a horse-dealer—I never knew him a horse-dealer—he lived with his father—I know he helped his father, but his father is dead; and he has not dealt in horses since, to my knowledge—I do not know how he got his living since his father's death—I believe he left his father before he died.





JAMES BUTT

re-examined. His brother dealt in horses a little while—I do not know whether the prisoner assisted him—I do not think he did—I have bought horses of him, when he was with his father, not since his death, which was about two years ago—I do not know where he lived since his father's death—Eversley is eleven or twelve miles from Farnham.




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Life.

Second Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
