





1113. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of May
, 6 shovels, value 12s.; 6 scythes, value 15s.; 1 knife, value 3s.; 40lbs. of nails, value 30s.; 1 pair of hinges, value 1d.; 1 hammer, value 2d.; 1 bradawl, value 1d., and 1 brass cock, value 2d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Farmer
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am in the employ of Charles Farmer, of St. John-street


, ironmonger
. The prisoner was in his employ four years ago, as a porter
, and knew his shop - the prisoner now lives in a house adjoining; there is a wall eight or ten feet high between his premises and the prosecutor's - our warehouse is at the back of our peremises, and had been lately fastened with a padlock; the lock had not been broken, but I found on the morning of the 18th of May, that a piece of paper which I had put across the door the night before, was broken - I got an officer, who went with me to the prisoner's house about half-past six o'clock in the morning; we found him in bed, and six shovels, six seythes, some nails, some hinges, and a bolt were between the sacking of his bed, and a child's bed - we found this bag of nails, and I saw the officer find one nail in our yard, between the warehouse and the wall - I have not the slightest doubt they were my master's; I had seen that bag of nails in the warehouse the night before.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Is there any internal communication between the warehouse and the prisoner's house? A. No; Mr. Farmer sells a great many nails, but we do not sell one bag of this sort in twelve months - they are of a superior description; I know Freeman - I do not know whether he sells nails; we have sold him bar-iron - the only thing I can swear Isaw on the 17th was this bag of nails, it has our mark on it, and this ticket, stating the description of nails - if we had sold a bag of this description the ticket would have remained on it; this chopping-knife has our private mark on it, as all the articles in our shop have - I was using this hammer about a month before, and can swear to it; I never saw one of this description before - I heard the prisoner say that no other person lodged in his house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAKER ASHTON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 18th I went with the witness, and found the articles.
CHARLES FARMER. I believe these articles are my property.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you any partner? A. No; I do not know what way of life the prisoner is in - I have missed property like this; I am certain the bag of nails had not been sold; I do not suppose I have sold half a dozen scythes within the last twelve months - we sell very few now; that hammer could not have been sold - it is an old one; I do not know the hand-writing of Mr. Freeman - he has never bought nails of me; I have discharged a shopman lately who I suspected had robbed my till.
Witness for the Defence.
- CLARK. I am a boot and shoe-maker, and live in Northampton-street. I sold the prisoner a lot of goods some time back, and among them was a small hammer, similar to this - it was broken, but I think not so much as this; I should claim this as mine - I think it was about three months ago; I sold him goods to the amount of about 8l. - there were some axes and other things.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
