






1068. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BAGSHAW
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM JAMES 
                     FREEMAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April
, 14 live tame fowls, price 30s.
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Varley
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS KING
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the morning of the 13th of April I was on duty in Maiden-lane, about a quarter-past five o'clock - I saw the prisoners coming across the fields from Holloway; they had each of them a bag - when they came in sight of me, they put their bags over Mr. Brand's garden wall; I took hold of Bagshaw by the collar, and made a grasp at Freeman - I caught hold of the sleeve of his coat, but he got away; I took Bagshaw into Mr. Brand's house, and asked what was in the bags - he said he did not know, they had picked them up, but had had no time to see what was in them; I found the two bags in the garden - one had six fowls it, and the other eight; they were quite warm - I found this wrench and a knife in a small bag in Bagshaw's pocket; in consequence of some information from him I sent after Freeman, and I am quite positive he is the man who was with Bagshaw - I described a piece sewn in the back of his coat collar, and his shoes were cut as if he had corns; I decribed him to my brother officer, and identified him in the yard.
Bagshaw. Q.What time was it when you first saw me? A.About half-past five o'clock - you were coming towards the lane, and I hid myself; there was a hay cart going along; I followed it till I got near you, when you threw the bags over the wall - I was within twenty or thirty yards of you.
Freeman. Q. Did you say you tore the sleeve of my coat? A. No - I caught it, and you got from me; you had light shoes on, and they were cut - I do not know what for; I asked Bagshaw who the man was who was with him - he said he had no one with him; I asked him again; he said it was Freeman, and asked if I knew Nelson-street; he said there was a little passage, leading from there to Pickford's wharf, and if I went there between nine and ten o'clock, I should find him - I have no doubt of Freeman's person; when I took Bagshaw by the collar, I struggled for five or ten minutes with him - I took him into the house, and tied his hands, then went and got the bags.
JAMES COLLINS. I am a Police-constable. In consequence of information from King, I went to No. 3, George-place, City-road, and apprehended Freeman - his shoes were cut as my brother officer had described, and they had a deal of dirt on them, which was quite wet- I did not take much notice of his coat.
Freeman. When he came in, he said I was wanted at the station-house, to prove that a man named Bagshaw was going out that morning with a person named Jones; he felt my things, and they were quite dry. Witness. I did not mention any name, for I did not then know the name - I said he was wanted, and then he began to scrape his shoes, which were wet and dirty, as if recently worn; I did not feel his things.
JOHN QUINCEY. I am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Varley
               



             - he has a farm
 at Holloway


. The fowls the officers produced to me were Mr. Varley's; I had seen them alive when they went to roost, between eight and nine o'clock at night, on the 12th of April - they were then locked in; there are some fields which lead down to Maiden-lane - I missed the fowls, and spoke to someofficers; I then heard that some men had been taken with fowls - I saw them, and knew them; I had seen the whole fourteen alive the night before - the staple of the hen-house had been drawn; it had always been kept locked night and day - there is a large pair of gates to the stable-yard.
Bagshaw. Q.When had you seen them safe? A. Between eight and nine o'clock at night - I did not take a light, bat I know they were there; I saw them all go to roost - it was a very wet night, and I tracked you downs two of our fields; you had stood under a hedge in the corner of one of the fields - the marks of feet in the hen-house were the same as those in the fields.
Bagshaw's Defence. I had appointed to meet a man named Jones, to go bird-catching, at Kentish-town - I saw these bags over the wall, and told the Policeman; he collared me.
BAGSHAW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
FREEMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
