





OLD COURT. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Bailey.
1826. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WYATT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of August
, 1 gelding, price, 26l.; 1 saddle, value 1l., and 1 bridle, value 3s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Daniel
                  




               
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
SAMUEL DANIEL. I live at Holycourt-farm, near Witney, Oxfordshire - my aunt lives at Witney


, and I put my horses up at her house when I attend the market, and did so on the 19th of July; I found the prisoner there as a lodger - he was a stranger: he saw the horse, and asked if I should like to sell it - I said I had no objection, for I should sell it soon; he said he would see it another day -I did not mention any price; he came to my house on Fri. day, the 24th, and saw it; on Tuesday, the 31st, he came and asked if I was agreeable for him to try it - I said Yes, if he would not go too far with it; it was saddled for him- I walked with him down the farm till he came to the road, he being on the horse; I walked by his side about half a mile - he asked what village that road led to; I said to Falder - he asked how far it was; I said about a mile, and that would be far enough for him to try the horse; he said, "Very well," or some such words, and went towards Falder - he walked white in my sight; this was about half-past five o'clock in the afternoon - he did not return; I never saw him in the house till I found him in custody on the 11th of August, at Tottenham; I found my horse there, with the bridle and saddle - Witney is sixty-eight miles from London.
Cross-examined by MR. DOWLING. Q. You found the horse in the same state as he took it away? A. Yes; he saw it three times before he took it away.


                  JOHN 
                  BOWES
               



            . I keep the Black Boy, at Tottenham. On Saturday, the 4th of August, the prisoner came to my house, about two o'clock in the afternoon; he rode into the yard, and asked if I could give him accommodation for him and his horse; I said I could - he asked what I could keep the horse for; we agreed for 12s for six days- he asked what I thought of his horse; I said I did not know, for I had scarcely seen it; he said, "Well, what do you think it is worth, is it worth 20l.?" I said, "I dare say it is, from that to 25l." he said, "Well, will you buy it?" I said I was not in want of one then - he said he wanted to sell it - I said, "What is the lowest you will take, perhaps I may meet with somebody who will buy it?" he said the lowest would be under 14l.; Mr. Dawkins' son came into the yard while he was there - I had told the prisoner Mr. Dawkins, over the way, bought horses at times, but whether he offered it to Dawkins' son I cannot say.
Cross-examined. Q. How long was he at your premises? A. He came on Saturday, and left on the Thursday, in custody.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FORSTER
               



            . I am a constable of Tottenham. In consequence of information, I went to the Black Boy, at Tottenham, with Fowler, about three o'clock - I found the horse, with the saddle and bridle; the prisoner came there about four o'clock in the afternoon - he did not know I was a constable; I passed as a dealer; he asked if I was in want of a horse - I said not particularly, but I was in the habit of buying horses sometimes; he said he had one in the stable, which he wished to part with, as it was rather too big for him, and he wanted a smaller one; he wished me to go to the stable to look at it; I did so, and asked him the price; he said 25l.; I said the horse might suit me, but the price would not - he asked what my price was- I said I thought about 14l. or 15l.; he asked if I could not give another pound or two - I said I would consider, and talk to him about it presently; it appeared about six years old - I asked if it would go in harness; he said Yes- I asked how long he had had him; he said, "Ever since it was two years old;" I left the man, giving directions to the landlord, and left Fowler to look after him - I returned about seven o'clock, and found John James with him - they were trying to deal for it; James said if I was about buying it, he would not interfere till I had done - I heard James offer him ten guineas for it, but that would not do; I told him I was a constable, and suspected it was stolen, and requested to know where he got it - I searched him, and he only had 1s. about him.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you think 25l. too much? A. I thought it worth about 20l., or more - it was about fifteen hands high.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you find any duplicates onhim? A. Several; also a padlock, several keys, and two purses - one duplicate is for a pledge of wearing-apparel, at Cotterel's, in Oxford-street, on the 2nd of August, for 20s., in the name of Wyatt, another for goods pawned on the 4th, in Bishopsgate-street, for 4s.


                  JOHN 
                  BOWES
               



            . He did not pay for any thing at my house - Daniel saw the same horse on the 11th.


                  JOHN 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I am a constable of Tottenham. On the 6th of August I accompanied Forster to the Black Boy, and on the 7th I took the prisoner from Tottenham before Dr. Robertson, the Magistrate - he was committed for re-examination, and on our way back he said voluntarily, "Well, I am glad I am knabbed for this, or it might have been worse; shall I be hung for it?"


                  SAMUEL 
                  DANIEL
               



            . The horse I saw at Bowes' is the one I gave the prisoner to go to Falder; the road he took crosses the Woodstock road, which is the main road to London - it was a gelding.
Prisoner's Defence. It was my full intention to send the bridle, saddle, and money back.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
