





Third Middlesex Jury.
1445. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MARTIN
                  , the younger




            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of June
, 1 watch, value 5s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 5s.; 1 table-cloth, value 3s.; 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 half-crown, and 1 shilling
            , the property of 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Atkins
               




            , widow
.
MARGARET ATKINS. I lodge in Richard-street, Commercial-road


, in the front room on the first floor. On the 29th of June I went out at a quarter before eight o'clock, locked my door, and put the key into my pocket - I returned a quarter before eleven o'clock; my door had been broken open - I missed my watch and the other property; I afterwards saw the prisoner at Lambeth-street - I knew nothing of him.
PETRONELLA CAMBLE. My father keeps this house, and I live there - I know Mrs. Atkin's room; on the day stated I was sitting in the kitchen, reading - I heard a noise, ran up stairs, and saw the prisoner in the room adjoining the prosecutor's room, with a poker in his hand; I asked what he had been doing - he said, nothing; he dropped the poker and kicked it with his foot- he then came down stairs; in the evening my mother found the door had been broken open - I had known him before; he had been in the yard as a play-fellow with my brother for about two months.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q.Have you told us all? A. Yes; my brother was out at that time - he was taken up; my mother thought he must he concerned in this - he has, in general, borne an honest character; he was not accused of any thing till after he knew Martin - my mother has accused him of some trifling things; he has been accused of opening his father's locks - he never used a key before he knew Martin; I did see him with she purse that was taken from the prosecutor - he emptied out the contents of it, and threw the purse away; he struck me when I threatened to inform and called me by a most abandoned and vali name - he did not threaten that he would knock my b - y brains out, not use a worse expression; I cannot remember the name he called me - he is not here to day; by what I can learn, Martin gave him the purse; the purse was afterwards found - I did see my brother throw away a seal belonging to the watch; his name is Agesilaus - he is between twelve and thirteen years of age.
GEORGE MACKIE. I live at a pawnbrokers. The prisoner brought the watch to me to ask the value of it, on the 29th of June - this is it.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Agesilaus Camble? A. No.
WILLIAM THICKTHENER. I am a watch-maker. This watch was brought to me, and I was asked if it was worth any thing; I said, No, it was worth nothing - the person who brought it said,
"Will you give nothing for it;" I said
"I will give you half-a-crown" for it, as I thought it would do for my son to practice upon - when I took it to pieces it was worth nothing; it is what we call a duffer - it is made to sell, not to go; I do not know who brought it, but I really believe the prisoner is the person.
Cross-examined. Q.Are you sure it is a duffer? A. Yes; I have had a hundred through my hands.
JOHN EAGLE. I am a Police-constable. I was sent for to the house about ten o'clock at night - this poker laid about two feet from the door - there is a hole where the poker had been forced in, and the wood was splintered off; I took the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. And I believe you took Agesilaus? A. Yes; he is not near so big as the prisoner - I should take him to be about eleven years old.
MARGARET ATKINS. This watch was my husband's, and went very well while he lived - it went very well for twenty months after he bought it; I have not seen any thing else.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming home from work, and met this boy - he showed me the watch, and said he gave some marbles for it; he went down with me to the pawnbroker - I asked if it was any good; I then returned it him, went home, and was taken out of bed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
