



845. 




LOUISA BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of January, two pairs of trowsers, value 10s., the goods of 




Peter Pige.






STEPHEN LAWRENCE
. I am in the employ of Mr. Peter Pige, a pawnbroker, of Church-street, Bethnal-green. We lost two pairs of trowsers on or about the 9th of January—they were outside, on the window—I saw one pair of them about five or six weeks after—these are them—(looking at a pair of trowsers)—the others are lost.





JAMES JOSEPH REARDON
. I am a pawnbroker. In the early part of January the prisoner brought this pair of trowsers to pledge—I stopped them—I believe it was after the 9th of January—I asked her who they belonged to—she said her brother had had them made the Saturday previous—but I saw they had been in a shop, and were soiled with gas—I asked her her brother's name—she said Perkins—I said, "You must leave them and bring him"—she left them, and came again in a day or two, and wanted them back—I said she should not have them but in the presence of a policeman—she then made off, and I did not see her again till she was in the station-house—I am sure she is the person.

Prisoner. I came the same afternoon and told you not to let anybody have them till my brother came, between eight and nine o'clock at night.

Witness. A man came a week or two after, and said he was her brother, but I did not like him, and would not give them to him.





JAMES PERKINS
. I am a shoemaker, and live at No. 77, Greenfield-street, Commercial-road. The prisoner came to my house where I then lived, at No. 40, Fashion-street—she asked me if I would go to the pawnbroker's and obtain a pair of trowsers which were stopped—she said she took a pair of trowsers there that a man she lived with had stolen from Mr. Pige's—I did not go to the pawnbroker's for them.

Prisoner. This is the person who said he would go with me between

seven and eight o'clock to get them. Witness. No, I said I should not have done my work.





HENRY CHARLES BARKER
 (police-constable H 23.) I took the prisoner into custody.

Prisoner's Defence. Harry Curtis came to me one morning, and said, "Will you take these trowsers to pawn for me?"—I went to the pawnbroker and he stopped them—I did not know what to say, and I said they were my brother's—I went to my brother (the witness) and told him to go with me—he said, "Go, tell them not to let anybody have them till your brother comes between seven and eight o'clock"—I then went home and told Curtis, and he said I had kept them, and not taken them to pawn, and then he made off.




GUILTY
.† Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
