





658. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     GUTHRIE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of January
, 1 box, value 2s.; 2 shirts, value 8s; 7 collars, value 3s. 6d.; 7 neckerchiefs, value 10s.; 2 pairs of drawers, value 3s.; 1 gown, value 7s.; 7 nightgowns, value 9s.; 4 petticoats, value 3s.; 8 handkerchiefs, value 15s.; 10 pinafores, value 6s., and 2 pairs of stockings, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lingham
                  




               
            .
ELIZABETH MENSELL. I am servant to Mr. Thomas Lingham - he lives in Great Tower-street


. On the 23rd of January the prisoner came, and said he was the carrier, and had come for the box of linen - I am in the habit of sending a box of linen every week by the Merton carrier; I gave him the box.


                  SARAH 
                  HOVILE
               



            . I am nurse at Mr. Lingham's. I made up the box of linen - it contained the articles stated in the indictment.


                  WILLIAM 
                  McDUFF
               



            . I am a carrier. I have been in the habit of fetching the linen from Mr. Lingham's, in Tower-street, and taking it to Mrs. Collins' at Merton - the prisoner lived with Mr. Ewins, a Merton carrier; I have asked the favour of him to take this box for me, but I did not send him for it on the 23rd of January - he told the servant that I was waiting in the street.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I happened to be in the passage, at Mr. Lingham's, when the prisoner came - I observed his person - I know he is the man.
Prisoner. Q. Do you recollect, on the first examination, that you stated you saw, a man, but you could not describe his features? A. No, I did not - I am certain you are the man; none of the property has been found.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, declaring his innocence, and that the witnesses must be mistaken in his person.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MENSELL
               



            . I am quite certain the prisoner is the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
