





1892. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of October
, 2 waistcoats, value 7s.; I handkerchief, value 2s., and 10 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bugg
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN BUGG. I am a cordwainer
. On the morning of the 22nd of October I was coming over Westminster bridge, about seven o'clock, and followed the prisoner - I asked her if she would go to Mr. Smith's, the gin-shop, and have a glass of gin; I had never seen her before - I left a sovereign with Mr. Smith; I then went up St. Martin's-lane, and to Long-acre, with a young man - we had something to drink; I then went home with the prisoner to Westminster


, I called and got my money; I went home with her about twelve o'clock - we undressed, and went to bed - I went to sleep - about two o'clock a woman awoke me, and said she supposed all was not right, as the girl had run out with some things under her clothes; I then missed two waistcoats, my silk handkerchief, which had been round my neck, my braces, and my money; the woman told where the prisoner was - the Policeman went and found her, with this handkerchief in her bosom; there was some money found, and I said if it was mine there was a burnt halfpenny among it.
Prisoner. He gave me the handkerchief and snuff-box, Witness. No, I did not; I did not buy the box till I came out of the Park, and she said I gave it her in the Park.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLIFTON
               



            . I am an officer. A boy came to the station-house, and said a person had been robbed of his clothes and money - I went, and saw the prosecutor, who said he had been robbed by a girl whom he went with to No. 7, Almonry; he described her, and I went to No. 2, Jeffry's-buildings


; I found the prisoner in the first floor front room - I called in the prosecutor, who said that was the woman; I found this handkerchief in her bosom; when I went in she had her hands in a tub partly full of dirty water - I looked for the clothes, and found these two waistcoats, which the prosecutor claimed; I searched the tub, and found 2s. inhalfpence in it - one of them is burnt, and the prosecutor picked it out before the Magistrate.
Prisoner. He never mentioned about the halfpenny till I was at Queen-square; he said he could not swear to any money - he had seen them at the station-house: I asked him before if he had any halfpence, and he said No.


                  JOHN 
                  BUGG
               



            . These are my waistcoats - one of them I have on; I had three half-crowns, which, while she was gone down stairs to pay for the room, I had put under the hed, as I had heard people say they would rob you in Westminster - I had come to town by the waggon.
Prisoner's Defence. A young woman searched me, and she said, "The man has got his money in his hand;" he afterwards said it was money he had placed under the bed, but he did not say that till the young woman saw them in his hand - he gave me the handkerchief to wrap up the snuff-box in; what he says about the halfpenny is false.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not from the person
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
