






807. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     PERRARA
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of March
, 2 drinking-glasses, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edwin Young 
                     Bantley
                  




               
            .
CHRISTOPHER REYNOLDS. I am porter at the Horse Bazaar. On the 12th of March I saw the two prisoners there - I had seen Perrara before; I had some conversation with another porter, and we went after the prisoners, who were then gone; we met Griffiths, who had this basket, and these glasses in it - they are the property of 
               
                  Edwin 
                  Young Bantley
               



            , and were sent there for sale; I had seen them while the prisoners were there, and missed them in less than five minutes - they are cut glass.
Prisoner Griffiths. Q. You did not see me take them? A. No, but I missed them as soon as you left the room.


                  GEORGE 
                  GRIFFIN
               



            . I am a porter at the Bazaar. I saw the two prisoners there together; Griffiths had a basket, and when they left we missed the glasses - I went out, and came up with them about two hundred yards from the place; I saw Perrara put his hand into his coat pocket, take out one glass, and put it into the basket; I brought them back, and found these two glasses in the basket - I had seen them safe five minutes before.
Griffiths' Defence. He said to this young man, "You must go back to the Bazaar;" I said, "What for?" he said, "You have something in your basket;" I said, Yes, and this young man said, "They are for patterns," but I never touched them.
Perrara's Defence. I asked Griffiths where she was going - she said to Carburton-street; I left to go with her, but she got three streets off before I came to her.
Perrara received an excellent character.
GRIFFITHS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PERRARA - GUILTY, Aged 29.




               Recommended to Mercy by the Jury, on account of his character, and believing him to have been seduced by Griffiths
            .




               Confined Six Weeks
            .
