



1115. 




JOHN LANE
 was indicted

for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Daniel Cowry, on the 
17th of February, and stealing therein, 3 shirts, value 3s.; 1 shift, value 6d.; 1 apron, value 6d.; 1 waistcoat, nine 6d.; 1 hat, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 3 pairs of stockings, value It.; 1 pair of drawers, value 6d.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 18d.; 1 veil, value 4d.; 2 coats, value 18d.; and 1 pair of spectacles, value 6d.; the goods of 



James Conjuet.






CATHERINE CONJUET
. I am the wife of James Conjuet, a pensioner, of Greenwich—we occupy some rooms in Church-street, in-the house of Daniel Cowry—I do not know how he spells his name—we keep a clothes shop in the front room. On Saturday night, the 17th of February, I went to bed at nine o'clock—I left all the doors fast—the back and front doors were bolted, and the inner one also—the back room window was fastened—I got up about seven o'clock next morning, and found all the doors I had bolted were open—the street-door was open—the window was close down, with the fastening in it—a whole row of bricks was broken away, and the things stated gone from the two rooms—I found an old shirt, an old coat, and a pair of stockings left behind, which did not belong to us.





BENJAMIN LOVELL
 (police-sergeant R 15.) On the 17th of February, about ten minutes after six o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner in High-street, Deptford—it was quite dark—I went over to him, and asked how he came out so soon in the morning—he said he had been to his uncle's, in Effingham-place, and had a piece of pork which his uncle had given him—I saw he had on two coats, two waistcoats, and two pairs of trowsers, and a variety of articles stuffed in his clothes, and about his person—he said his uncle had given them to him—I took him to his uncle, who aid he had not seen him for a week—I have seen the coat the prisoner usually wore, and know it—I found that coat on the prosecutor's premises—the prosecutrix claimed the articles I found on him—the premises appeared to have been entered by the back window—the bricks were all pulled down by trying to get in at the window—they had got out at the door—I understand the landlord's name is spelt Cowry, but I do not know myself.





CATHERINE CONJUET

re-examined. These are my husband's things which were lost from the premises that night—I had found the prisoner

concealed in my shop that afternoon while I was hanging clothes out to dry, and turned him out—my husband is blind—while I was away the prisoner must have concealed himself in the shop.

Prisoner's Defence. I was not in the shop at all—it was not my coat that was found.




GUILTY.* Aged 15, of Stealing only.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

