





711. 
               
                  
                     HARRIET 
                     CONSTABLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
, 3 blankets, value 18s.; 2 pillows, value 10s.; 2 candlesticks, value 1s. 6d.; 1 tea pot, value 1s. 6d.; 1 bed-tick, value 4s.; 1 quilt, value 6s., and 1 curtain, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hutchings
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  HUTCHINGS
               



            . I am wife of John Hutchings. The prisoner lodged with us in West-street, St. James's


. On the 29th of September, a chest of drawers were left at our house, and they were put into the prisoner's room - in a few days the person to whom they belonged came for them - they had all been opened, and the property was gone - but this property was not in the drawers - it was lent to her as part of the furniture, and I did not miss them till the 22nd of March - she had lived there from June.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. You do not know when this was committed? A. No - she is married, I believe, and her husband lived with her - she took the lodging; she was not in arrears of rent - her husband paid it; there was something said about selling the things in their room, and they were asked if they would purchase them; they said they could not afford it - that was about a month ago; we wanted to sell them, as we were going to quit the house, and it is all sold now; when the prisoner was taken there were some few articles of their's left in the room.


                  THOMAS 
                  DONDERS PERRY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I produce a bed-tick, tea-pot, and other articles, pawned at eight different times, between the 22nd of June and the 29th of September, all by the prisoner.


                  GEORGE 
                  FARMER
               



            . I have two pillows and a blanket, pawned with me on the 13th of June, by the prisoner.
BENJAMIN WILLIAM VALENTINE. I took the prisoner - she gave me nine duplicates in a pocket-book.
Prisoner's Defence. I intended to replace them - she gave me warning - I was to go in a fortnight into a back room, and pay for the things as I could, and pay the rent; I offered to get them out again, but they would not let me - she has received a week's rent since I was in custody. Witness. Yes, on the Saturday night when there was a week due, and the husband then went away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was a second charge against the prisoner which was not tried.
