






NEW COURT. Saturday, September the 7th, 1833.
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1305. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PRITCHARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of July

, 24 cups, value 35s.; 12 saucers, value 18s.; 1 tea pot and stand, value 18s.; 1 sugar box, value 7s.; 1 cream jug, value 12s.; 1 slop bason, value 7s.; and 2 plates, value 12s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Taylor 
                           Copeland
                        



                     
                   and another, his masters, in their dwelling house
            ; and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     COOPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
Messrs. ADOLPHUS and CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  GARRETT
               



            . I am in partner
ship with Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Taylor Copeland
               



            , there is no other partner; ourwarehouse is in Portugal-street, Lincolns-inn-fields, in the parish of St. Clement Danes



; there is no one sleeps on those premises, but they communicate with the dwelling house which is in Lincolns-inn-fields; the house is in another parish; on the 26th of July, I received some communication from Groves, and I sent for the prisoner Pritchard, who was a warehouseman
 of ours; I asked him if he had sent any goods to Mr. Groves, of Blackfriar's-road; he said he had; I requested to refer to a book, and on looking back to the 23rd of July, I saw an entry in Pritchard's hand-writing, to a person named Cooper, in Wellington-street, Blackfriars-road; I asked Pritchard what it was; he said a few odd pieces of earthenware which had been sent to Cooper, and which had been paid for; I asked how much, he said he could not recollect exactly; and on reference to the cash book, there was no entry in the name of Cooper; it was his duty to have every sum entered in the cash book, whether small or large.
COURT. Q. Did your house at all know Cooper as dealing with you? A. No.
Pritchard. It was not my place to enter in the cash book. Witness. No, but to go to the clerk and see that it was entered,


                  THOMAS 
                  BOWNIE
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Copeland and Garrett; Pritchard applied to me for some patterns of tea service; I showed him I believe four - he afterwards applied to me for one of those services, which he had - it was the only one we had of that pattern; here is a tea pot of the same, which had belonged to another service, which had been sold all but the tea pot - the other entire service I gave to Pritchard; he said he had sold them, but he did not say to whom; I assisted him to look it out, and he took it from the counter; the price of it was four guineas and a half.


                  DAVID 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am in the employ of the prosecutors, 
               
                  Barnard 
                  Turney
               



             is in their employ. On the 23rd of July, I heard Pritchard ask Turney to pack a tea service which was in the packing room, Pritchard asked me to help to bring it down, which I did - I brought down some, and Pritchard brought the rest - it was put down by the side of Turney - it was packed up, and Pritchard put the direction on - it was 
               G. 
            Cooper, or 
               
                  George 
                  Cooper
               



            , at Knight's livery stables, Wellington-street, Blackfriars-road - when it was packed Pritchard asked me to take it there, and I asked him whether it was entered in the book, which is customary for all parcels to be, which go from our warehouse - he said, he had not entered it, but he would, and he got the book and entered it - I then took the parcel as it was directed - I saw Cooper the prisoner there - he was a stranger to me, but he said, he was the person - I delivered him the parcel, he signed the book, and I returned home.
Pritchard. It was not my place to enter these things, but Mr. Powell was at his dinner. Witness. It was anybody's business if Mr. Powell was not there, any one who sent goods out was to enter them.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was it usual to enter all goods before they went out? A. Yes, that was the reason why I inquired if they had been entered.
The direction being read from the book was, "Mr. G. Cooper, Mr. Knight's livery stables, Wellington-street, Blackfriars."


                  SPENCER 
                  THOMAS GARRETT
               



            . I am a clerk in the employ of Messrs. Copeland and Co. Messrs. Yeats of Staffordshire, are manufacturers of poreelain, they sell to us occasionally, and there is an engagement on their part, that any pattern chosen by our house shall not be sent to any other person - about eight months ago this pattern of tea service was ordered by our house, and two services were sent, and in November last, one of those services was sold with the exception of this tea-pot, which is here- there was still one service of it in our house, and this tea-pot, and that service has never to the knowledge of the firm been sold to anybody - no other service of that pattern has ever been ordered - the selling price of it was four guineas and a half - the sum of 2l. would be nothing like the manufacturer's price - there is no entry in the day book of this service being sold - there is no entry of any service being sold to Cooper on the 23rd of July, and no entry in the petty cash book of the money.


                  JAMES 
                  YEATS
               



            . I am the chief manager of the manufactory in Staffordshire - we never manufactured but two complete services of this pattern, and they were both sent to Messrs. Copeland's firm.


                  GEORGE 
                  RUTHVEN
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. I received a service of china from Mr. Powell - I took the prisoner Cooper into custody at the Hope public-house, in Blackman-street, Clare-market - when he was at the office, he said, he had the china on commission from a person named Pritchard - Pritchard was then in custody- Cooper said he received it to sell, and he was to have a per centage on it - and he had soldit to a Scotch captain named Wilkinson, who was gone to Scotland - he had sold him two services at the Edinbro' Castle, in Swithin's-lane, and that he had met him on the French-walk, Royal Exchange - he described his person, but he did not know where to find him, and he did not say what he gave him for it - I told him I knew he was telling me an untruth, and I asked him if it was not at Mr. Knight's, he said, no, it had been taken there, but did not remain there an hour, and had not been unpacked there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  VALENTINE POWELL
               



            . I delivered the same set of china to Ruthven which I got from Mr. Knight's livery-stables in Blackfriars-road, this is the china.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I keep a livery stables in Wellington-street, Blackfriars-road - I have known the prisoner Cooper about four years, he showed me four patterns of cups and saucers about ten weeks ago, he said, he had them for sale - this pattern was not one of them - but he showed me this a day or two before he was taken, and I purchased it of him for 2l. 8s. the complete set - I am not a Scotch captain - I delivered the same china to Mr. Powell.
Cooper. Q. Was there not an account between us? A. Yes, I was to give 2l. 8s. for the china, and 10s. was to be set off the debt you owed me.
COURT. Q. Did you know what Cooper was? A. I considered him a general agent - I employed him to get several debts in for me, and so did others.
Cooper's Defence. I have known Pritchard for thirty years, and had several dealings with him - I met with him at the Hope public-house, and asked him if I could have some patterns of tea services - he said if I called he would give me some at the warehouse - I called and somepatterns were given to me - I showed them to some persons and among the rest was Mr. Knight - he asked the price, I said, five guineas - he said, that was too high for him, but if I should have any about three guineas, he should have no objection to treat with me - I returned those patterns, and had some other patterns which I showed to several persons, and among others to Mr. Knight - he selected this pattern, and I asked him 3l. for it, he said, he would give me 2l. 8s. and take 10s off an account which I owed him - the price Pritchard told me for this set was three guineas, and twenty per cent, off for cash, which reduced it to 2l. 8s., so that I got 10s. by the sale - I then went to the warehouse, and told Pritchard to get them packed up and sent for me, according to the direction, which he did, and I signed the book - if I had known they had been stolen I could have got them away without having a book signed- because when the book goes back I know it is looked over, and the cash book examined to see if the money is entered for them, and the goods are entered in the daybook - when I received the money, I went and paid Pritchard 2l. 8s. which he acknowledged before the magistrate that he had received.


                  Edward 
                  Tickner Esqr
               



             gave Pritchard a good character.
PRITCHARD. - GUILTY. Aged 44.




               Of stealing under the value of 5l.
            

COOPER. - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
The prosecutor stated that they had been robbed to the amount of 500l., within the last six months. There were two other indictments against the prisoner.
