





333. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WATSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of November
, 1 bolster, value 3s,; 1 pillow, value 2s.; 2 sheets, value 10s.; 1 blanket. value 2s., and 1 quilt, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Bateman
                  




               
            .
JANE BATEMAN. I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Bateman
               



             -we let lodgings
. The prisoner came and asked what apartments I had to let: she said her husband was one of the Police. belonging to the Marylebone station, and she would come the next morning if he liked it - she came on the Friday, but did not agree for it; on the Saturday she came, and said her husband was on double duty. In consequence of the illness of the men, but she would take the lodging; she deposited a shilling with me and said she would come on the Monday: on the Monday she and a Police-man came, and they lived as husband and wife for six or seven weeks - I missed several articles, and one Sunday afternoon, knowing they had told me stories, I began to suspect them and on the Monday I sent for an officer, and took the prisoner.
HENRY 
               
                  JASPER 
                  TOY
               



            . I went with the prosecutrix to her house, and took the prisoner - I found all the articles at the pawnbroker's.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAM ANDREWS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Dake-street, Manchester-square. I have a pillow and two sheets, pawned by the prisoner and another woman.


                  JAMES 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Guildford-street. I have a quilt, pawned by the prisoner, and a bolster, blanket, and shift, pawned by another woman.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that it was her intention to replace the property.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
