






Before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
1183. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of April

, 7 spoons, value 7l.; 8 silver forks, value 5l.; 8 sheets, value 2l.; 1 table-cloth, value 3s.; 3 waistcoats, value 3s., and 1 pair of skates, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas Frederick 
                           Dymock
                        



                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            ; and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     TOMLINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  FREDERICK DYMOCK
               



            , ESQ
. I live in Lincoln's Inn-fields



 - the prisoner Smith was my groom and valet
 for one year; the other prisoner was my laundress
, but not a servant in the house - she came backwards and forwards for the linen; I suspected I was being robbed, and on the 7th of May I missed the articles stated in the indictment, and other articles of apparel - Smith had the care of the plate.


                  EDWARD 
                  BENTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in High Holborn. On the 21st of May the prisoner Smith pawned a coat and trousers for 7s., in the name of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Smith
               



             - here is a paper under the collar of the coat, with the name of "T. Dymock, Esq."but I did not see that at the time; the same name is on the waistcoat.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Did you know him before? A. No; I am sure he is the man.


                  FREDERICK 
                  CHESTERMAN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in High Holborn. I have a waistcoat, pawned for 1s. 6d., on the 12th of March, in the name of Charles Jones- I do not know who by; Mr. Dymock's name is on it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COOMBE
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. Fleming, a pawnbroker, of Farringdon-street. I have a shirt pawned in the name of John Jennings, for 6s.; I do not know the person - the prosecutor's initials are on it.


                  PHILIP 
                  EATON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Walter, of High Holborn. On the 10th of April the female prisoner pawned five silver table-spoons, in the name of Mary Smith, for 2l. 10s.; they are worth 3l. 10s. - they have a crest on them, and a falcon. On the 30th of January she pawned a silver fork for 10s. 6d., in the name of Ann Smith - that has no mark: on the 4th of February she pawned a silver fork for 8s., without any mark; and on the 8th of April two table-spoons, in the same name; that is all that I took in - I have three sheets, pawned on the 27th of November, for 14s., in he name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith
               



            ; and a shirt for 4s. on the 20th of June, and two sheets for 8s. on the 10th of June - I believe all these were pawned by her.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you any thing pawned before June? A. There is one pledge in May, 1829 - I do not know whether Mr. Dymock claims that.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAGHILL
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Gillion, of Stanhope-street, Clare-market. On the 23rd of April the male prisoner pawned two waistcoats and a pair of skates, for 5s., in the name of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Smith
               



             - I am certain of him- they have the prosecutor's name marked on them.
Cross-examined. Q. Was he a stranger to you? A. Yes - we frequently have such things pawned; he came into the last box, which is rather dark, with his hat over his eyes, and stood rather back, but I took them from him myself, and noticed him, as he asked for 8s.; I could not give that, and gave them back to him; he was about ten minutes in the box - it was between three and four o'clock.
MR. DYMOCK. I know these seven table-spoons by the crest; I missed them on the 7th of May, which was the day he left - he used to sleep in the house; the other things are mine.
Cross-examined. Q. When did he come into your service? A. On the 9th of May, 1829, and left me on the 7th of May, as he was apprehended that day on this charge, at my complaint - I believe Tomlinson lived in the service of the person who preceeded me in the chambers; I bought the sheets from him - the plate was about in use: the female prisoner attended the chambers three or four months ago - I employed her as a laundress till within three or four months of the 7th of May; I once gave the prisoner a coat, but not the one produced - I had a good character with him.
COURT. Q. You occupy one set of apartments? A. Yes, one floor exclusively - I sleep there; Smith slept in the garret, which I rent with the floor.
Smith's Defence. Mr. Dymock called his property over; I took the rest of the plate down to him, and he missed this - I explained to him; I said I had no suspicionof any one except it was Tomlinson - I asked her if she had pawned it; she acknowledged that she had, and said as soon as she received her money from her employer, she would fetch it home - I returned, and told Mr. Dymock she had pawned it, and refused to give me the duplicate.
MR. DYMOCK. He did not at first attempt to throw the blame on Tomlinson; he said she had a hand in it - he brought me down the plate, and examined it with me: I said nothing to him - he hegan by saying he had given it to Tomlinson himself to pawn - that she had pawned it, and she had the duplicates, and that he had part of the money for it; I had him apprehended that day - I did not mention this before, because I considered it a confession made previons to his having any idea of my having him apprehended - it was quite voluntarily.
Smith. I knew nothing of the criminal conduct that was going on, till the property was called over; if I had a mind to be a rogue a few days before, I could, for I brought money from the Bank to him.
MR. DYMOCK. I have sent him three or four times to the Bank for 20l. or 30l. - I had not given him notice to leave me; I suspected he had made away with plate, and ordered him to bring it down, which he delayed for a day or more, and then made this confession.
Tomlinson's Defence. I did not receive them as stolen- every bit of plate that I pawned was brought at different times to my house; I was to get so much for it, and Smith used to wait at my house till I returned - he would never take the duplicates, but always the money; the next time he came he said he wanted to buy a pair of boots; I received every bit of the plate from his hands; and he had the money - I have been a mother to him; I mended his clothes and boarded him when he had not a shilling.


                  EMMA 
                  BYE
               



            . Tomlinson lodged at my house; I saw Smith bring the five spoons there - I think it was in April last; he brought them up to the second floor front room, and put them on the ironing-board; Tomlinson was gone to the Temple; I went into the room, and took them in my hands - I sighed, and said, "Ah! I have been in possession of as much plate as this;" I am sure these are the spoons - he left them on the table till Tomlinson returned - he went out, and told her sister, who was in the room, that Tomlinson knew what was to be done with them; I said they were such plate as I used to have; the sister said, "Oh, they are brought here to be cleaned."
Cross-examined. Q. How far was this from Lincoln's Inn-fields? A. Not far; I knew Smith as the prosecutor's servant, but had no suspicion, as she said it was to be cleaned; Smith was at the house three times on the day he was taken.
SMITH - 


               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .
Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
TOMLINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 49.




               Confined One Year
            .
