



954. 




WILLIAM REYNOLDS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of March, 5 half-crowns, 11 shillings, and 11 sixpences; the monies of 



Richard Payne Hutchings, from the person of 



Martha Hutchings.






MARTHA HUTCHINGS
. I am the wife of Richard Payne Hutchings, of Welbeck-street, Cavendish-square. On the 8th of March, at half-past five o'clock in the evening, I was with Mrs. Godfrey, in Coventry-street—a mob got round me—I felt something behind me—I put my hand down, and caught the prisoner's hand in my bag, which was on my arm—I had nearly 2l. in silver, loose in the bag—I caught hold of the prisoner, and said he had got my money—a man that was with him tried to take my attention from the prisoner, and wanted to turn me round—the prisoner got away from me—I followed, and caught sight of him again—I lost sight of him for about ten minutes—I found him next at St. James's station-house—I had 11s. remaining in the bag—11s. 6d. was picked up in the street, which the prisoner threw away—three half-crowns. and 11s. were gone—I am sure he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Can you tell How he was dressed? A. In a black coat, very brown from being worn very much—he had a hat on—I was frightened.





HANNAH GODFREY
. I am the wife of John Godfrey, of Tottenham-court-road—I was with the prosecutrix—the prisoner took something from

her—I have not the least doubt it was him—I saw him at the station house, and I am sure he is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. Were there many people about? A. There was a crowd.





JOSEPH DOWNES
. I live in Oxford-street, and am a clock-maker, I was in Coventry-street, and saw the prosecutrix collar the prisoner—she said, "That man has got my money"—he ran—I followed him up Sherrard-street into Queen-street—he threw something out of his hand—I heard some money fall—I cried, "Stop thief," and he was taken by the policeman—I am quite sure he is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not deny it? A. He did—there might he twenty people in the crowd—she had him by the collar.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.
