





1295. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     SAMUELS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of July
, 1 watch, value 20l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Robertson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERTSON
               



            . I am a ship-broker
, and live in Crutched-friars. On the 11th of July I was in Gracechurch-street, near Bell-yard


, a little after nine o'clock at night - there were several persons congregated together, and the prisoner took hold of my watch-chain and drew my watch to the extremity of my fob - I felt the tug, and saw the prisoner with his hand upon my chain and seal - he dropped it - I followed him - he looked round, saw me, and took to his heels - I pursued him; he ran fifty or sixty yards, when I had him taken - I did not lose my watch - if he had got it out, I have a strong guard, which would have caused him some difficulty to break; but the watch was lifted from the bottom of my fob; it was all but out.


                  FRANCIS 
                  LEDGER
               



            . I was getting on a coach to go home to Kennington - I saw this gentleman, and the prisoner made a sudden snatch at his watch chain - I got down and ran after him - I saw the prosecutor seize him.


                  MILES 
                  SWEENEY
               



            . I saw the prisoner running across the street, and the prosecutor close by him - there was an officer over the way, and he took him - there were about a dozen or fourteen in a gang, near the Flower-pot, and they made use of the word "Slog," meaning get away.


                  THOMAS 
                  TIDD
               



            . I am a patrol of Bishopsgate - I was on the opposite side, and heard the cry of "stop thief" - I crossed, and my brother officer had hold of the prisoner - I assisted in taking him to the watch-house - we got him to the corner of Threadneedle-street, when the prisoner turned his head and said, "Slog, slog, the b - rs," and down we were in a moment, but we kept the prisoner - my hat was lost, and my shirt torn to ribbons but we got him to the watch-house - my hat was brought to me afterwards.


                  JOHN 
                  PRICE
               



            . I was in Gracechurch-street, and heard the cry of "stop thief" - I saw the prisoner running, he was stopped - I took hold of him - I was taking him down by the South Sea-house, when I heard the word, "Slog, slog, the police" - my partner was knocked down, and I was struck on the head - it was then all pulley hauley - I was up and down several times, but we kept the prisoner, and got him to the watch-house.
Prisoner's Defence. My mother was ill in bed, she desired me to go to my aunt's in London-road - I was running across Gracechurch-street, and two or three persons came and said, I was a thief - I was struck in the mouth several times, and was taken - I can assure you I have maintained my mother for six years, ever since the death of my father - I get my living in an honest way - I know nothing of the mob they speak of.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
