








1406. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  MULLINGER
               



            , 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  FERGUSON
               




            , 
               
                  MARY ANN 
                  FINN
               



            , and 
               
                  CAROLINE 
                  BURNETT
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, 1 hat, value 7s.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; 1 sovereign; 2 half-crowns; 1 shilling, and 2 sixpences
            ; the goods and monies of 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Betson
               




            .
ALEXANDER BETSON. On the 23rd of July, I went to the West-end. I then took an omnibus, and went to the Tower - I then met Burnett, who asked me to go with her - it was then between nine and ten o'clock - I went with her to her own lodging - she asked me to give her some gin - I gave her a shilling, and she sent Finn for some - she gave me some in a tea-cup - I then went to bed, and felt sick - I had then a sovereign, two half-crowns, one shilling, and two sixpences - I felt it all safe just before I met this girl - after I felt sick, I went to sleep, and between one and two o'clock in the morning, the two male prisoners came and roused me up, and told me that was their bed - I said a young woman brought me there, and said it was her room - they said she had often done that when they were at sea - I then got up, and looked for my trowsers, which I had put under my head - they were gone, and I told the men I had been robbed - Ferguson found my trowsers at the foot of the bed - he heaved them at me - I went to where the rest of my clothes were, and my hat, handkerchief, and waistcoat, were gone - Ferguson then gave me an old hat, and told me to take that, and be d-d, and to be thankful to get a hat of any sort - I told them I would call the first policeman I found - Ferguson then led me into the court - when he saw a policeman he ran away - the officer came to me - I told him I had been robbed of my money and these articles - I went with him to the room at No.9, where I had been - it was then empty - the officers told me to stop there, and they went to No. 2, and found the two men and Burnett in one bed, and the other girl asleep in a chair - they called me to know ifthese were the men - I knew them, and they took them - I found my black silk handkerchief in the bed.
Burnett. Q. Were you sober? A. Yes.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Where did you see Burnett? A. On Tower-hill - I went with her about five minutes' walk - I had nothing but a little beer all day - I counted my money just before I met her - I had only been five days up from Scotland - I missed my money when the two men aroused me, and my trowsers were not where I left them - Burnett might have left me before the men came - I went to bed about half-past ten o'clock.


                  PIERCE 
                  DRISCOLL
               



             (police-constable H 24). The prosecutor met me at the lower end of Blue Anchor-yard - I went with him to No. 9, Rose-court


 - there was no person there - I went to No. 2, and found all the prisoners - Ferguson was on the bed with his clothes on - I found one sovereign, two half-crowns, and one sixpence, under a water butt in the room, and 1s. 6d. on Ferguson, and 13 1/2d. - the prisoners all said they knew nothing about the money - I have not found the hat, nor the waistcoat - this is the old hat they gave the prosecutor.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. There was nothing found that the prosecutor could identify? A. No. He told me he went home with Burnett - Finn says she is servant to Burnett - the prosecutor was sober - he told me he got sick after taking the gin.


                  ROBERT 
                  THORPE
               



            . I saw the prosecutor, and a man leading him down stairs - the man ran away - I should not know him again - I went to No. 9, and then to No. 2 - I found this handkerchief with the pad in it, under the bed where the prisoners were.
Burnett's Defence. I went home with the prosecutor - he was drinking with several more - he was very much in liquor when I first met him, and more when I left him, about eleven o'clock - I had no room of my own - I went to this young man's room to stop the night, as the prosecutor wanted to go at four o'clock in the morning.
FERGUSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
BURNETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MULLINGER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
FINN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
