



11. 




HENRY MATTHEWS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of November, 1 cask, value 4d., and 72 lbs. of butter, value 32l. 3s., the goods of 



Joseph Grieves and another.






MARY ANN STREET
. I am the wife of James Street, and live in Maidenhead-court, Moor-lane. On the afternoon, of the 19th of November, I saw the prisoner in Moor-lane with a tub of butter—he put it down and sat on it for two or three minutes, and took his handkerchief and wiped his face-a carman came up and asked if I had seen any one with a tub of butter—I pointed to the prisoner-directly he saw the carman he ran away down the lane—I am sure he is the man—he appeared fatigued with carrying it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What time was this? A. Half-past five o'clock or twenty minutes to six—it was just between the lights, but there were plenty of gas lamps—I was only three or four steps from him-any body near me could see him go away when I pointed him out—I saw him again, not more than five minutes after, when the policeman brought him back—I do not think it could have been ten minutes—I was going for some candles, at the corner of Moor-lane—I looked at him for three or four minutes—it was not raining at the time—it was dirty—I had no suspicion at all—I thought he was very fatigued and looked at him—I was not three or four steps from him when I met the carman—I had been standing about in the middle of the road looking at him—I go out charing to the different halls and to the London Tavern.





WILLIAM WHITMILL
. I am in the employ of Joseph and James Grieves, of New-street, Covent Garden. I was unloading a cart at Harrison's, in Fore-street, about half-past five o'clock—I saw somebody walking backwards and forwards with an umbrella—he kept looking at me, which roused my suspicion—I was taking in a side of bacon, and as I hung it on the scale the person peeped through the window—I asked the shopman to look after my cask of butter—he ran out and said it was gone—I immediately

ran out—the prisoner was not the one who looked through the window—I ran down Moor-lane, and asked Mrs. Street if she had met anybody with a cask—she said, "Yes, that man who is wiping his face, has just pitched one down"—I ran across and he was gone—I took the cask up and brought it back, but the man was gone away—I never saw the prisoner till the officer brought him afterwards.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw nobody sitting on the cask? A. No, or wiping his face—I did not see him till he was brought to me—the shop I was at, is at the corner of Milton-street, a very short distance from Moor-lane.





JOHN WADE
 (City police-constable No. 24.) I apprehended the prisoner on the 19th of November, at the end of Tenter-street, Little Moor-fields. When I brought him back, Mrs. Street was on the other side of the way, and before I said any thing to her, she nodded to me and said, "That is the man"—I said, "Will you have the kindness to come along with me to Mr. Harrison's, to see if the carman knows anything of him"—she followed and there identified him again, and finally at the watch-house—he was a very short distance from Mr. Harrison's when I took him, quite in the neighbourhood—he was going along with his hands in his pocket—I took him from Mrs. Street's description.

Cross-examined. Q. Did she describe his fustian jacket? A. No, it was green velveteen-not the same he has on now—it was in consequence of seeing him in a velveteen jacket that I went up and spoke to him—I asked if he had been in Fore-street—he said, "No"—I asked if he knew any thing of the cask of butter—he said "No"—I asked him where he came from—he said he had left the person down New Union-street, and if I would come along with him he would show me—but instead of going down New Union-street, he turned down Tenter-street—he then turned to the right, which is White-street—I asked him where he was going—he said, "I will show you the place directly"—he went on to the National Schools, where there is a turning which leads into the county—I knew if he got there I should have a good deal of trouble with him, and I would not go any farther, but brought him back, first of all to Mr. Harrison's shop, and then to the watch-house—he denied having anything to do with the butter—it was about eight or nine minutes from my seeing Mrs. Street to my taking the prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
.* Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
