





387. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CORBYN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of December
, 1 watch, value 4l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Parish
                        




                     
                  ; from his person
            .
WILLIAM PARISH. I am a coppersmith
. On the 26th of December I went into a public-house in Ratcliff-highway


, to have a pint of beer; I felt drowsy, and laid my head down - in the course of a little time a person awoke me, and said, "You have lost your watch;" I felt, and it was gone - the next morning the officer produced a duplicate; I went with him, and saw the watch - I had not noticed the prisoner in the public-house.
Prisoner. He called me over, asked how I did, and where I lived, and asked me to pawn his watch, as he was going to have a spree that night; he told me not to tell any body, as he was a married man - I went over the way, and pawned it, and the Policeman took me as I was returning. Witness. No, it is all false.


                  MARIA 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . My husband is a Policeman. I searched the prisoner at the watch-house - I found in her stays this duplicate of a silver watch, pawned for 1l. - it was in some wadding.
JOHN DOUGLAS. I am a Policeman. On the evening of the 26th I had information of a watch being stolen, and saw the prisoner crossing the road with some money in her hand; I said to her, "Corbyn, where did you get that money?" she said, "What is that to you?" I said, "There is something wrong about a watch;" she said so help her God! it was a long time since she had seen a watch, she wished she had; I found on her seven half-crowns, one shilling, and 10d. - I said, "Where did you get this money? you have not had any thing lately;" she said, "What is that to you?" I searched her, but found nothing more - she then said it was the change of a sovereign which a man gave her for a shilling.
Prisoner. Q. Did not I tell you I was going to givethe money to the man that owned it? A. No; you said,"If hat is that to you? come and have some gin," and when we got into the house, Hill said, "That is the woman that took the watch."


                  MARY 
                  ANN HILL
               



            . I was in this public-house, it is the White Hart; I saw the prisoner take the watch from Parish's pooket as he laid on the table, rather dosing - she went out of doors with it; I told the officer that was the woman - I told the prosecutor of it, because another woman was blamed for it.
Prisoner. He gave it me out of his hand, and he would have said so, but for his wife. Witness. No, she certainly took it.


                  EDWARD 
                  EDMUND
               



             CHILD. I live with Mr. Reynolds, a pawnbroker. I have a watch, pawned by the prisoner between seven and eight o'clock, on the 26th of December - she said it was for another person, named Ellington.


                  JOHN 
                  DOUGLAS
               



            . She was coming from towards Reynolds, but not on the side the public-house was.
Prisoner's Defence. The watch was offered to another woman, and she would not take it, because she knew his wife; Douglas would not let her in at the station - he said he would give her a month's hard labour in the House of Correction if she came in.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
