





1105. 
               
                  JEREMIAH 
                  GINGER
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                     FRANCIS 
                     FOREST
                  




               
            . I keep a tallow-chandler's shop
, in Aylesbury-street, Clerkenwell


. I took the prisoner into my temporary service after the last Session, having known his father, who had worked for me - on the 15th of April
 I sent him out with goods amounting to 1l. 18s. 4d.; he was to bring back the money, but I did not see him again till I met him on the Sunday afternoon, on Clerkenwell-green - I asked what he had done with the money; he at first said he had lost it, then that he had spent it in going to the theatre, and playing at pitch with some boys, who lived in the neighbourhood, on Saffron-hill.


                  MARY 
                  ANN CAYLEY
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Cayley - my husband is an oilman. On the 15th of April the prisoner brought me some goods, which came to 1l. 18s. 4d.; I paid him eight half-crowns, thirteen shillings, and 5s. 4d. in copper, on account of his master.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROOKE
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I took the prisoner on the 17th of April - I asked him what he had done with the money, and whether he had received it; he said he had received 1l. 18s. 4d., and had spent it with some boys residing on Saffron-hill, and other indifferent characters - after that he said he had been to Portsmouth, but there had not been time enough for that.
Prisoner's Defence. My master said if I would tell him what I had done with the money he would forgive me.
MR. FOREST. No, I did not - he had been with me four days, and had received some money before and brought it home.


                  JOSEPH 
                  EDWARD PETTIT
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I have a certificate of the prisoner's conviction last Session -I know he is the person. - (Read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
