




1369. 




JAMES SKIGGS
 and 




WILLIAM SALES
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
29th of April, 3 bushels of potatoes, value 4s. 6d., the goods of 



John Scrafton Thompson.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM HOGG
. I am a horse-patrol, at Stratford. On Sunday morning, the 29th of April, about five o'clock, I was in the neighbourhood of Ilford, returning from the station, in company with Johnson—near Mr. Thompson's field there was a drove of cattle in the road—I saw two men come from the horse-road down to the footpath—each of them had a bag on his shoulder, which appeared to be full—they came from among the cattle on to the footpath—we followed one of the men towards Ilford—he went up an alley which leads to the Britannia beer-shop—we followed him about fifty yards up this alley—he put down the sack, and we went up to him—it was Skiggs—I asked what he had got—he wade no reply—I opened the sack, and found it contained potatoes—I asked how he came, by them—he said he had found them on the road—he was standing at the door of a house, which was open—I gave him into Davis's custody—in consequence of some conversation with Davis, I went with him and Johnson to Sales' house—before we went into the house, we listened—I heard a conversation, but could make no sense of what was said—we knocked, and Sales opened the door—he was asked what he had made of

the bag of potatoes he had just brought in—he said he had no potatoes in his house; that he had brought none in, and had not been out of his house from the time he went to bed the night previous—this was about half-past five o'clock—we found a bag in a cupboard in the lower part of the house, similar to what I had seen the men carrying, and it contained potatoes—I cannot speak to Sales being one of the men I saw on the road.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. The men came from the cattle? A. Yes—I could not see them till they came on the footpath, near Mr. Thompson's field—when I first saw them they were just coming from the road to the footpath.





DAVID JOHNSON
. I was with Hogg—I saw two men, each with a sack on his back—they appeared to me to be crossing from a gap in Mr. Thompson's fence on to the footpath on the other side—there was clamp of potatoes about 100 yards from the gap—there was a field between that and the road—I observed the impressions of two persons coming through that gap, but the mould being loose, I could not ascertain the measure of the marks—I went to Sales's house—before I went in I listened, and heard some conversation between a man and a woman.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not Sales say that a person of the name of Richard somebody had brought the sack there? A. He said then that he had no sack in the house—he said next day that a man had brought it, and went out over the pales the back way—I found no man but Sales there.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What did you hear? A. A man said, "If it had not been for the b—patrols"—I then knocked, and Sales opened the door—I said, "Where are these potatoes?"—he said, "I have got no potatoes in my house"—he opened the back-door—I said, "No, I shall look into this cupboard," and there was the sack of potatoes—they were wet and warm, as if they had just come from the clamp.





SAMUEL DAVIS
. I am a constable. I took Skiggs to the cage—I had reason to suspect who the other man was, and directed the officers to Sales—I heard him say something about the b—patrols, but I could not make out what—we went in, and Hogg asked for the potatoes—he said he had none in the house, but we found them in the cupboard, in a sack, and some were in a basket—they appeared the same sort as those in Mr. Thompson's clamp.





GABRIEL BARTHOLOMEW PAINE
. I have been a farmer—I am looker to Mr. John Scrafton Thompson. I know his clamp of potatoes very well—on Saturday night, the 28th of April, it was safe, and next morning it had been broken into—I observed the gap in the fence—I have examined the two bags of potatoes that were found—I have no doubt they are the same as had been in Mr. Thompson's clamp.

SKIGGS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—



Confined One Year.

SALES*—


GUILTY
. Aged 39.—


Transported for Seven Years.
