




767. 




THOMAS COCHRANE
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
9th of February, 1 bed, value 12s.; 2 pillows, value 2s.; 1 bolster, value 1s.; 2 pillow-cases, value 1s.; 2 sheets, value 6s.; 1 blanket, value 3s.; 1 clock, value 10s.; and 1 coat, value 9s.; the goods of 



Henry Godfrey and




GEORGE MOODY



for feloniously receiving the same; well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






HENRY GODFREY
. I live in Upper Ogle-street, Marylebona. I have known Cochrane nearly three years, by his lodging at the Gloster tap—on Wednesday morning, the 8th of February, I was told that he was passing my window—I sent for him, and asked him to have something—he said he did not care—I sent for a quartern of gin—he went away—the next evening I went out at half-past six o'clock, and locked up the front parlour, where I live—I returned about half-past eleven o'clock—I unlocked the street door, the parlour door was shut, but not locked—I went in and

missed the bed and bed clothes, a clock and great coat—I suspected Cochrane, as but few persons knew me—I went to the Seven-dials, and made inquiry—I was directed to Ivory, a broker, and he told me something, in consequence of which I went to No. 4, Tower-street—Moody lives there—the street door was open—I went in and knocked at the shop door, and Moody said, "Who is there?"—I said, "Me"—I said, "Have you not bought a bed, a clock, and some things of a man of the name of Cochrane, to-night?"—he said, "No"—I said, "I have got him at the station-house, and he says he sold them to you"—he replied, "I will strike a light, and let you in"—I went in and saw this bed of mine tied up, and the clock standing right opposite me—he at first said he had no such property, that I am quite sure of; but when I went in he said he had bought them of a man named Cochrane—that he had paid him 6s. off, and was to give him 17s.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. you were a lodger in Ogle-street? A. Yes; I lodged there about ten weeks—I had the bed about a year and a half—Amy Oakley has lived with me there for three years at my wife—the never lived with Cochrane—I do not know that she ever saw him above three times—he was a friend of mine, not of her's—Oakley had not complained of my ill using her about that time—we went out together that evening—I parted with her at seven o'clock, and met her again very near eleven o'clock—I left her in Jermyn-street—I had been out with a cab—I am both a day and night cabman—Cochrane did not say he sold the things by Oakley's desire—he said a man gave them to him in the street—he did not tell me he had got 6s. from Moody and given it to Oakley—I do not bow whether I have been here before—I Was in the dock about three years and five months ago—it is so long ago I have almost forgotten what for—I was transported for stealing a watch, in 1826—I was then a very bad boy, and it has been a lesson to me—I might have been in Newgate at another time, I do not know—I think I was, but it is so long ago I forget what for—I was not tried with one Thomas Rhodes—I have a slight recollection of the person—I was charged with stealing gold watches again, with Thomas Lock—I then got convicted, and had six months—I forget whether I was ever committed for any thing else.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. When you went to Moody he was in bed? A. I have every reason to believe he was—I think it was two o'clock in the morning.





JAMS IVORY
. I live in Great Earl-street, and am a licensed appraiser. On Thursday night, the 9th of February, Cochrane came to my house at a few minutes after eight o'clock, and asked if 1 would buy some bedding and a clock—I had shut up, or I should have bought them.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Was there a woman with him? A. No—I was inside my shop—I merely answered him at the door—I know Oakley—she is no friend of mine—he was not above a minute or two with me.





SAMUEL COBHAM
. I am an oilman, and live in Norfolk-street, Middle sex Hospital. I was at Moody's shop on Thursday, the 9th of February, about eight o'clock in the evening—I went as a visitor of a Philanthropic Society to make some inquiries, and while I was there Cochrane came in with a bed—Mrs. Moody was present, and her father—the prisoner Moody was below stairs—Mrs. Moody sent one of the children to call him up, and his wife said, "This man has brought these things"—he said, "What does he want for them?"—she said, "He wants 1l."—he said, "I think that

is too much, but you can make as good a bargain at I can," and he left her—they then had some argument about the price—she agreed to give Cochrane 14s.—she said, "Have you nothing more?"—he said, "I hare a clock"—he fetched it—they appeared then to have a sort of new bargain and I think they ultimately agreed at 17s.—she said she had not the money that evening but would give him part; I think she said 5s. or 6s.—she said, "If you come at eight o'clock in the morning I can give you the money; we have some money coming from a sale."

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Do you know Amy Oakley? A. I do not—I did not see any woman standing there—when Mrs. Moody agreed to give him 5s. or 6s. I do not recollect his saying he would go and ask any person—it might occur—I only recollect his going out to fetch the clock—he was back in two or three minutes.





JOHN TUCK
 (police-constable T 79.) I went with Mr. Godfrey to Moody's, between one and two o'clock on Friday, the 10th of February—the prosecutor asked him if he had not bought a bed, and clock, and some other articles, of Thomas Cochrane—he said, "No"—the prosecutor said it was of no use to deny it; the man was locked up at Bow-street, and told him he had got the property—he said, "If that is the case, I will tell you"—he then opened the door—the prosecutor went in and recognised the bed and clock—these are them—the blankets, and sheets, and all were together.





HENRY GODFREY
. This is all my property—when I went out I left the Door locked—I returned at half-past eleven o'clock, and found the street Door locked—I put my key in the parlour door, and it was not as it was left.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. You left Oakley in Jermyn-street? A. Yes—I saw her again in St. James's-street—I did not see her between seven and eleven o'clock—I took the key with me—I should think Oakley had no means of getting in—if she had wanted to go home she could not get in without coming to me—when I went home the door had been opened, but not broken.

MR. JONES
called






AMY OAKLEY
. I am single. I have lived with Godfrey three years and a half—I remember going out on the evening of the 9th of February, with Godfrey—he took the key—I parted with him by St. James's church—I did not take the key then—I went over the water to seek for a penson named Davis—I returned to Godfrey, and met him about eleven o'clock—I was all that time seeking for Davis—I went to Francis-street, over Westminster-bridge—I did not find him—I then went back, but I did not meet Godfrey directly, because he was driving, and I took a walk by myself—I did not see Cochrane that evening—I saw him on the Wednesday—he passed our windows, and I said to Godfrey, "There is the man passing that they call Tom Cochrane"—I called him in—I did not see him on the day the bed was taken—I never lived with him—I never saw him above three times in my life—I was never on intimate terms with him—I know his family and his sisters; I have known him three years since he came home from transportation—I have heard he has been transported—I do not know it—I have tried to sell that bed before—Godfrey sent me for a broker—that was about two or three months ago—Godfrey was in the room—I do not know the name of the person I tried to sell it to—he lives in Noble-court—I hare had no occasion to tomplain that Godfrey has ill treated me—I have not been in the habit of taking walks of an evening since I have been with Godfrey—he keeps me as well as he can—I had some gin with Cochrane the day before the bed was taken, when Godfrey was there, but not when he was

not—I have never drank with Cochrane in a public-house—I did not sell the bed when I tried to do it before—Godfrey generally took the key.





CAROLINE DAVIS
. I remember Amy Oakley applying to me to purchase a bed—a little girl came to my shop, and I went to No. 8, Upper Ogle-street, and saw Oakley and the prosecutor—she had never applied to me for anything else.

COCHRANE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.

MOODY—


NOT GUILTY
.
