





854. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     MORAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of March
, 2 waistcoats, value 4s., and 1 razor, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gilbert
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GILBERT
               



            . I am a clothes-salesman
, and live near Battersea-bridge


. On the 3rd of March the prisoner came to my shop, with two more men and three women; they bargained for a pair of breeches - I took the men into another room, to try them on; they went away without buying any thing; the man who wanted the breeches is not here; soon after they were gone I missed two waistcoats, and afterwards a razor - I went and overtook them in the road at Fulham, and the two waistcoats were found on the prisoner's wife, in his presence; they wished me to make it up, and not take them before a Magistrate - the constable said he must take Moran's wife; Moran struck me two or three times, and struck the Policeman also, and the constable took him in charge - the others all then came up, and wanted to take him from the constable; they all three knocked me down, and I went for assistance, as I thought the constable was murdered - they made their escape, and the other men have not been taken; the prisoner also escaped, and was taken that night - I swear he was one of the party; I did not miss the razor till I got home.
Prisoner. Q. Did not I buy a waistcoat of you? A. Not then; he bought one in the early part of the day.


                  EDWARD 
                  WHIDDETT
               



            . I am a Policeman. The prosecutor told me of his waistcoats being stolen - I went with him, and found three women and three men; he charged them with stealing three waistcoats, which were found on Moran's wife - I took them from her, and said she must go to the station; the prosecutor's account of the resistance is perfectly true - the prisoner struck at me three or four times, but only hit me once; I was knocked down by three men, and they made their escape.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  McCASKERY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I received information of this, and apprehended the prisoner in Parson's Green-lane, Fulham, about twelve o'clock at night, with his hat off; I had been informed one of the men lost his hat; he appeared much intoxicated, and his head was all over blood - I asked where he had been; he said to London: I searched him, and found this razor in his pocket.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GILBERT
               



            . This is my razor - it has my name on the handle.
Prisoner's Defence. On Saturday night I was shaving - my wife came and asked me to go to market with a woman, who would show us where to get things cheap; I put My razor into my pocket, and went with them to Chelsea; as I came home I met some friends, and went to a public-house with them; I got in liquor, and as I came home I went into the prosecutor's shop, and gave him 2s. 6d. for three waistcoats, one of which I have on now - the prosecutor followed us, and my wife had the waistcoats hanging on her arm; she said, "Here is nothing but what has been paid for;" she was within seven days of being put to bed- I told the Policeman to mind how he shoved her about; he then struck me on the head with his staff - two men came up, saw his barbarous treatment, and knocked him down; I went home, and was taken on the way - the prosecutor claimed the razor before he had seen it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
