





2107. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WEBSTER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of October
, 4 pairs of stockings, value 8s., and 1 cloth, value 18d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  O'Keefe
               




            ; and that he had been previously convicted of felony, by the name of William Wilson.


                  JAMES 
                  POSFORD
               



            . I am a Policeman. On Sunday morning, the 9th of October, about half-past five o'clock, I saw the prisoner come from the area gate of No. 26, Seymour-street, Euston-square - he dropped a little white parcel, then took it up again, turned round, saw me, and ran off; I followed, and saw him throw something over into the area of an unfinished house, in Drummond-street - I sprang my rattle; he ran down a mews, got over four walls, into the carcase of a house, and escaped - I went back to the area, and found three pairs of stockings in a cloth; I went to the prisoner's house the same day, in plain clothes - I knew where he lived; he was denied- I then sent another person; he was denied again - I found him on the Tuesday night, at the Rising Sun, Somers'-town; he said he was innocent - I am sure he is the man; I knew him perfectly well before - I took him to the watch-house; he had two pairs of trousers on, and between them I found a pair of stockings - he said somebody must have put them there.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you not pass close by him at twelve o'clock that very day? A. I did not - I have not asked any body what kind of a person he was - he had blue trousers and a blue coat on; I had no quarrel with him that night; he did not throw a piece of tobacco-pipe at me.


                  CATHERINE 
                  O'KEEFE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  O'Keefe
               



            - we live at No. 26, Seymour-street


. On Sunday morning Posford showed me three pairs of stockings and a mangling-cloth, which were in my care to wash; they were in my front kitchen on the Saturday night - a square of glass was broken with the mangle; they could be drawn through that, and the stockings reached - Posford afterwards produced another pair of stockings, which I also had to wash.
Cross-examined. Q. Is there any mark on the last pair? A. They are marked T. R., and belong to the same family as the others.


                  ROBERT 
                  WOOLEY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction - (read); I was present at his trial, and know him to be the person convicted by the name of Wilson.
Prisoner. I have witnesses.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAYLING
               



            . On Saturday night, the 9th of October, I was with the prisoner, close against his door; he had a quarrel with the Policeman - I cannot say what it was about; he had a tobacco-pipe in his hand, and threw it, but did not happen to hit that Policeman; it hit another, who stood by - the Policeman ran up and took him, but the woman interfered; his wife pulled him in, and shut the door - about a quarter of an hour after that the Policemen and I were drinking together - it was at two o'clock in the morning, at No. 26, Southampton-street -I drank gin with them; I am a coach-maker, and live at No. 5, Churchway, Charlotte-street, Somers'-town, and work for Messrs. Hanawell and Co., Oxford-street - the prisoner had darkish trousers on.


                  HARRIET 
                  BURGESS
               



            . I keep a little shop in Churchway. The Policeman came to me on Sunday morning, yesterday fortnight, between six and seven o'clock, and asked me at what time the prisoner generally got up - he lived on the same side of the way as me; he asked what kind of a man he was, to the best of my opinion.


                  ANN 
                  DACEY
               



             TAYLOR. I live in Churchway, right opposite the prisoner - I saw him go up stairs to bed, about half-past two o'clock - he was very much intoxicated; we were all trying to get him in - he was fighting and tearing about: his mother and wife were helping.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I am the prisoner's mother. -On Saturday fortnight, at half-past twelve o'clock, I saw him dreadfully intoxicated, and tried to get him in, for fear he should get into trouble with the Policemen; Taylor, who lives in my first floor assisted, and his brother, who is out of town.
COURT. Q. Did you succeed in getting him in? A. I got him in about two o'clock, and it was near half-past two when I came out, leaving him dreadfully intoxicated - he had not any sense in him.
JAMES POSFORD. On my solemn oath, the prisoner did not throw any pipe at me; I was with another person, but I saw no pipe at all - I did not attempt to take hold of him between eleven and twelve o'clock - if I wanted him I could have taken him; my serjeant was with me - he was sober at half-past five o'clock in the morning, when I saw him with the property; the two witnesses sent to the prosecutrix, and offered her money not to appear.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
