





749. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     HART
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of May
, 1 watch, value 25l.; 1 watch chain, value 2l.; 2 seals, value 5l.; 1 watch key, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Webster
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the Prosecution.
JAMES WEBSTER. I am a colonial produce broker
, and live in Great Tower-street. On the 1st of May I was returning from Lloyd's, which I had left at a quarter to two o'clock, and on passing along the north side of Fenchurch-street


, at the corner of Lime-street, I was suddenly hustled by five or six well-dressed men - the prisoner was nearest to me - there might be a dozen of them, but I was not touched by above five or six - I passed my hand down, felt my watch slipping from me, and grasped it in the prisoner's hand, with a view to get it from him - I could not see it in his hand at that time, because he was close to me - but I felt it distinctly in his hand, and knew it to be mine, from the peculiar feel of the seals and chain - some of them shoved me away, and opened the way to let him go, and then drew across Lime-street to obstruct me - I immediately struck them with my stick on their shins, right and left, got them out of the way, and followed the prisoner - he turned into the market, and by that time he had changed the watch from his right hand to his left - he showed it to his companions - I knew it to be mine - I saw it in his hand at that moment, and knew it - there is not such another watch in England - I followed him, calling,"Stop thief," and presently he was stopped - I identified him directly I saw him, and begged the witness to detain him till I got a policeman - some of the butchers in the market told me my watch was safe, and it was produced in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes.
Cross-examined by MR. STAMMERS. Q. I suppose you were rather agitated at the attack? A. I cannot say I was, or I should not have been able to clear these fellows out of the way for me to run after him - I certainly was not very collected - I lost sight of the prisoner when he turned into the market - there was the angle of the passage between him and me for about half a minute - he must have changed the watch from his right hand to his left before he got to the corner, because I saw it in his left hand before that - I was not observing him at the moment he changed it - he must have done it under his coat - he took it with his right hand, and I saw it afterwards in his left - I will not venture to swear he changed it under his coat, because I could not see it - I recognised two other men at the police-office, but not sufficiently to swear to them - there are one or two others I could swear to, whom I have been looking for ever since - there was a man with a wooden leg in the office who I said was exceedingly like one of them, but I said I would not swear to him - I am not persuaded that he was not one of them now.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Whether he changed the watch before his breast or under his coat, are you sure he was the man who had your watch? A. Most undoubtedly - I never doubted his being the man.
COURT. Q. Although your attention was not called to the features of the man who took the watch, because he was so near you, are you quite clear the prisoner was the person who held your watch in the manner you have described? A. My attention was particularly directed to his features; I saw his face at the time the watch was taken - his face was close to mine; but I could not see the watch then, as he was so close to me - I saw his features distinctly when it was being taken from my person.


                  CHARLES 
                  JAMES
               



            . I pursued the prisoner, hearing the cry of "Stop thief" - I saw nothing in his hand - I kept my eye on him, and when he went round the market I lost sight of him for a short time; and at the end of the market a number of others surrounded him, and he said, "I am not the man; let me go" - I said, "That is the man; do not let him go" - I saw no property about him; but I pursued him, on Mr. Webster's calling "Stop thief," up Lime-street, into the market.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you keep your eyes on him all the way? A. Certainly not - I saw nothing at all in his hand - from his appearance at first I could not believe he was the thief; but when I saw him endeavouring to get away, and saying it was not him, I said, "That is the man" - I knew it was the prisoner from the first sight I had of him- he ran about fifty yards - I had a full view of his face when he turned the corner.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. He was running, and you following him, calling, "Stop thief?" A. Yes: and he said to the butchers who had hold of him, "I am not the man; let me go."


                  CHARLES 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a butcher in Leadenhall-market. I stopped the prisoner - he said, "Let me go; I am not the man" - I ran out of the shop and collared him, hearing a cry of "Stop thief;" and he leaned across the bench, and dropped something under a butcher's stall-board - I could not see what he dropped - Mr. James came up, and said he was the man.


                  JOHN 
                  DOYLE
               



            . I was in Leadenhall-market, and saw the prisoner lean over the board, and put something down - I found afterwards it was a watch - I took it up and gave it to Mr. Walkington - I saw the prisoner put it down.
Cross-examined. Q. Were there any other persons going by at the time? A. No: there were other people in the market.
COURT. Q. Did any body else lean over the board and put any thing down? A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  WALKINGTON
               



            . I am a butcher in Leadenhall-market. Doyle gave me the watch, and it was given to Grimes.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIMES
               



            . I am a constable of the market. I produce the watch which was given me by Mr. Garnham's clerk, who received it from Walkington.
JOHN WEBSTER re-examined. That is the which was watch stolen from me that day.
Prisoner's Defence. I, being a Jew, am not permitted to work on the Passover. I was merely taking a walk through the City; and going through the market, I heard a cry of "Stop thief:" several persons were running, and I myself stepped out quicker than I had before, and was immediately taken into custody.
MR. WEBSTER re-examined. I caught hold of it after he took it, but it was forced out of my hand.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
