





Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
1485. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BETTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of September
, at Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, 1 mare, price 35l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Clay 
                     Boutall
                  




               
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the Prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  CLAY BOUTALL
               



            . I am a veterinary-surgeon
, and live at No. 32, North-row, North Audley-street. I had a mare belonging to the Honourable Mr. Ashburner in my care - she was a bay mare - 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Earl
               



             is in my employ - I saw the mare myself turned on Harsleston-green, four miles from Tyburn turnpike, and two miles from Kilburn


, on the 4th of September - I missed it next day, at twelve or one o'clock - she had tips on her fore-feet, and her shoes were off behind - I saw her again on the 4th of October, in the neighbourhood of Finsbury-square, in the possession of 
               
                  William 
                  Wright
               



            , in a cab - I claimed her - Wright gave me an account how he came by her - I am sure she was the same mare - she was worth from 30l. to 35l.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WRIGHT
               



            , SEN. I am a proprietor of cabs, and live in Paradise-place, Lower-road, Islington. On the 5th of September, I was in the neighbourhood of Finsbury-square, talking to Jolly - the prisoner came by on a mare, and asked if we knew any body who would exchange this mare for a pony - Jolly said he thought he knew a man who had a pony to part with - he produced the man to him - I followed him soon after - the prisoner looked at the pony - they did not agree about the exchange; and after that, Jolly asked him the price of the mare, as he thought he knew who would buy it - he said, about 15l. - I thought her cheap, and afterwards said, "If you will buy the pony, I will buy the mare" - I at last bought the mare of the prisoner for 13l. - I was met with the same mare, driving in a cab, by Mr. Boutall, afterwards - the prisoner said he had her from a gentleman named Windle, and had had her six weeks - this was on the 5th of September - in consequence of suspicion I afterwards entertained, I only paid him part of the money - he was to come for the rest on the Monday following - he gave me the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Thomas
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WRIGHT
               



            , JUN. On the 9th of October, I saw the prisoner at the top of Old-street - in consequence of directions from my father, I gave him into the custody of Scotchmer.
CHARLES SCOTCHMER (policeman G 125). On the 9th of October, in consequence of what I heard from Wright, I took the prisoner into custody, and told him it was for stealing a horse - he said he never stole it, but that he bought it at Paddington - I asked if he knew the man he bought it of - he said not - he did not say when he bought it - I have got the receipt he gave in the name of Thomas.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not tell you where I got it? A. He said he bought it at Paddington - I asked if he ever bought any more horses - he said, yes, he had, and had soldtwo others, one in Cooper-street, and one in Old-street - I asked where he bought them - he said, "The little dark horse, I bought at Paddington" - I asked if he knew the man he bought it of - he said he did not.


                  SAMUEL 
                  TWYFORD
               



            , ESQ. I am a magistrate. I acted as magistrate when the prisoner was examined as to the charge of stealing the mare - I do not recollect the prisoner, but this signature to the examination is in my handwriting - it was read over in my presence, and taken from the prisoner's mouth - (read) - "The prisoner says, 'I bought the mare, on the 4th of September, at the Cock, at Kilburn, about eleven o'clock in the evening: I gave 12l. for her. The man I bought her of was a total stranger to me: he told me his name, but I forget it."



               GUILTY
            . - Aged 23. 


               Transported for Life
            .
