





270. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     LANGGIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Volum
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  VOLUM
               



            . I am a master-mariner
, and live in Hermitage-street, between the London and St. Katharine-docks. On the 14th of December, at a quarter-past two o'clock, I was walking in High-street, Shadwell


 - Mr. Palmer spoke to me, and I missed a handkerchief from my pocket. which I had felt safe about an hour before - this is it.


                  JOHN 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am a cheesemonger. On the afternoon of the 14th of December I saw the prisoner and another lad following the prosecutor very close; I watched them, and saw the other draw the handkerchief from the pocket, and hand it to the prisoner; I took the handkerchief from a witness, and gave the prisoner to the Policeman - the other boy escaped; they were close together when it was taken.


                  DAVID 
                  MOSES
               



            . I live in High-street. I was eating my dinner, and saw the prisoner run by - I immediately saw this handkerchief at the door; I took it up, and saw the prisoner in custody - I gave it to Mr. Palmer.


                  JOHN 
                  HENHAM
               



            . I saw the prisoner running, and took him into custody; he said he was not the buy that took it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to my cousin's, and was not near the other lad; I happened to cross the road, this gentleman came up, and seized me by the collar - another boy ran by, and dropped the handkerchief; I said I had done nothing - I did not like to go with him.
GUILTY. Aged 16.




               Recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
