



569. 




ELLEN CALLAN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
22nd of July, two gowns, value 10s. 1 scarf, value 5s.; 1 pair of half-boots, value 3s.; 2 yards of linen cloth, value 2s.; the goods of 



Ruth Weighell, now the wife of 



John Byfield, and that she had been before convicted of felony.






RUTH BYFIELD
. I am the wife of John Byfield, a bootmaker, in vine-street, In July last was a window, and my name was Ruth Weighell—the prisoner was a servant at the London Hotel, in Albermarle-street—at that time I mangle for that house—I missed the property stated—the prisoner came to my house while I was out for a day's work—I found my box broken open, and the property gone—I took them out of pawn myself.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner. There were other people in the house besides me.





ANN PRINCE
. I am the wife of Richard prince, and live in Great St. Andrew-street, Seven Dials. I know the Prisoner—in July last the came to me, in Sidney's-alley, and asked me if I knew of a pawnbrokers's—I went with her to a pawnbroker's, and she pawned these articles—when I came out she asked me if I would accept of the tickets—I did not want them—she said she should never take them out, that the gowns wee too small for her, and the boots pinched her—unfortunately I took the ticket—I gave it to Maroney, who went and took the two gowns out for 5s., and left the remainder in, for 5s.—went in a fortnight to get things, and was taken into custody, and taken to Marlborough-street for it.
prisoner. The witness is a perfect stranger to me—about two months ago, I met her in New-street, Covent, but there was no conversstion between us. Witness. It is no such thing.





SAMUEL HASLOCK
. I produce this gown, which was pledged by the wit-Maroney.





BRIDGET MARONEY
. I pledged these two frocks at Mrs. Haslock's—Mrs. Prince gave me the ticket, and I took them out for 5s., where they were in for 10s., at Mr. Lawton's in Green-street—they were pledged in the name of Smith.





ANN PRINCE

re-examined. I gave Maroney the ticket when they were in for 10s., because the gowns would fit her, and not myself—the shopman is not here from Mr. Lawton's, where they were first pledge—it is at the corner of Green-street—I met the prisoner in King-street, Covent-garden.





GEORGE WEIGHELL
. I am the prosecutrix's brother. she left me in charge of the house—the prisoner came there that day, and went out with a basket—I went out with some clothes, to take to Jermyn-street, and left

her at home—when I came back I found she was gone, and the key left outside the door—we did not find the robbery out for two or three days—no one else had any opportunity of taking the property, between the time of my coming home and finding it out.

Prisoner. Q. Was not the door left open when you went down into the kitchen—did not go for you, to get you a situation? A. You said you would—I was gone about ten minutes.





THOMAS CLARK
. I am a policemen. I got this certificate of the prisoner's former conviction form Mr. Clark's office, (read)the prisoner is the woman who was tried.

Prisoner. I never took the thinks.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Year.
