





1182. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, 1 purse, value 1d.; 1 half-sovereign, 2 crowns, 4 half-crowns, 5 shillings, 2 sixpences, and 4 halfpence, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Boughton
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM BOUGHTON. I came to London on the 16th of April, late at night, and early the next morning; I was on my way to Cutler-street, and met the prisoner, about half-past two o'clock; I asked if she would tell me of a lodging; she said, "If you will go with me, I will show you one" - I went with her to a house in George-street, Wentworth-street


; I went up to a room, and sat down in a chair; she then asked if I would stop with her; I said No- I got up, and was going to make my way out into the street; as I was going out, she had her hand in my coat pocket, and took out my purse, which contained this property - I did not allow her to take it; I was going away, because I did not like the appearance of the place - I am lame; she pursued me; my purse was in my left-hand coat pocket, to which I had shifted it from my small clothes - I saw her hand in my pocket; there was a light in the room, and the moment she had her hand in my pocket it went out - I heard a man's voice in the room, but did not see him; I took hold of the prisoner, and said, "Give me my money, that is a good woman;" she said, "I shall not, I have not got it," but I felt the purse in her hand - when I heard the man's voice, the purse was gone from her hand directly - I called the watchman; Green came to my assistance; I told him what had happened, and he took the prisoner - my purse was produced at the station-house; it was then empty, but I am sure the money was in it when I shifted it from one pocket to the other, and it was tied with a bit of string.
JOHN GREEN (Police-constable H 120). I was in George-street between two and three o'clock in the morning, on the 17th of April; I heard the alarm, and went into the room - I got a light, and found the prosecutor holding the prisoner with his left hand - he charged her with robbing him of 2l.; I took her to the station; I found nothing on her; I went back to the house, and found 1s. on the mantel-piece.
Prisoner. I told you there was a shilling on the mantel-piece, and it was all I had. Witness. No, you did not.


                  JOHN 
                  McWILLIAMS
               



             (Police-serjeant H 18). I found this purse on the bottom of the window, over the balustrade of the stairs.
Prisoner. The prosecutor gave me the 1s., which the officer found; he said it was all he had - I said I would not stay with him for that; he then called Watch! and gave charge of me - he had given me a glass of gin at the night-house; I saw no other money nor purse - he said he had been served so two or three times, and he called Watch!
WILLIAM BOUGHTON. I was not five minutes with her, and was making my way out - I did not give her the 1s., nor any gin; I did not mean to pass the night with her; I wanted a private lodging - I live at Gravesend; I know London very well, but did not know the streets exactly - I am sure there was a light when I went to the room.
JOHN GREEN. There was no light there - there was a candle and candlestick; I got a light at Kate-street; there was a very poor bed in the room - I do not think any person could be in the room while there was a light, without the prosecutor seeing them - there was only one door to the room, but that was open; there was a cupboard with two shelves in it - it was on the second floor; the prosecutor was sober.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
