






2236. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WATTS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Anthony Bernard 
                           Ozun
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ANTHONY 
                  BERNARD OZUN
               



            . I am a professor of languages
, and live in Berner-street. On the evening of the 22nd of September I was in Princes-street, Soho


; I had a handkerchief in my pocket - I did not feel it taken, but the Policeman told me of it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RICE
               



            . I am a porter. I happened to meet Hobbs in Princes-street; we came up the street together: I saw the two prisoners behind the prosecutor and a lady - I saw Watts take the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket; I ran over, seized them both, and called to Hobbs to tell the prosecutor, which he did - I did not see Jones have the handkerchief, but he was close to Watts, and they turned to go away as soon as it was done.
Jones. Q. Did you see me speak to Watts? A. No.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS
               



             (Police-constable C 85). I saw the prisoners following the prosecutor - Rice ran and caught hold of them; I saw the handkerchief on the ground.
Jones. Q. Did I not declare that I did not know this prisoner? A. Yes.
Watts' Defence. I was going to meet my mother coming home from Newgate-market - I know nothing of Jones.
Jones' Defence. They did not see me touch the handkerchief.
WATTS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
