







428. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     CHAPMAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of December

, 1 watch, value 5l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Patrick
                        



                     
                  , from his person
            ; and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
JOHN PATRICK. I am a master mariner
, and live in Prospect-place, Stepney. On the night of the 31st of December, on my way home, I met the prisoner Chapman - I went with her to a house, and then I saw Eliza Smith, who asked me to stand treat; I gave her 6d. to go for some gin: when I went in I took my watch out, and looked at it - it was then eleven o'clock; when Eliza Smith returned with the gin, I was sitting by the fire side, and Chapman opposite to me - Eliza Smith sat down by my side, and was very fondling of me, and felt about my person with her hand; presently after that: she asked for another treat of gin, and I complied with it - I gave her half a crown; she went out, and I observed that she was gone a long time; Chapman then went out, and they both came in together - I asked for my change, and they would not give it me; I got up, and said it was time to be going - I had hold of my watch-key, which had a small piece of twine to it, and it had been cut off from my watch; I said,"Out of this house I won't go, till I get my watch:" they poured out the most disgusting language upon me, but I was determined to stand it out - I said, "Whatever be the consequence, I will see through it;" they then cried out Police! when the officer came - I said I had lost my watch - he took them in charge; I had not been to bed.
Q. Is not this your signature to these words - "When I went to bed my watch-fob was cut off?" A. Yes, but I never said so - I never went to bed at all; I think this was read over to me.
Chapman. Q. Did I come near to your person? A. No; it was a double-cased hunting-watch, "No. 722, Kent, maker."


                  THOMAS 
                  SEVANS
               



             (Police-constable K 204). I went to the house, No. 2, Jane-place, Ratcliff



; I found the two female prisoners and the prosecutor - he said he had lost his watch there, for when he went in he had it in his hand; I asked him if he accused either of them particularly - he said No, but he was certain he had lost it there; I searched, but could not find it.


                  DANIEL 
                  ENGLISH
               



             (Police-constable K 248). I found the watch at Mr. Colgate's, in the Borough - I had taken Robert Smith from information, and found some duplicates on him, but not one of the watch.


                  GEORGE 
                  COLGATE
               



            . I produce the watch, "No. 772. Kent, maker" - it was pawned with me on the 1st of January, by Mary Blakey, in the name of Sarah Johnson.


                  CATHERINE 
                  BERRY
               



            . I live in Brook-street, Ratcliff. I met Robert Smith on Tuesday morning last, at the corner of Stepney causeway; I asked him if he was going to the two women who were then locked up - he said he was; I said I would go with him; in going along I asked him if he knew any thing about the watch - he said Yes, it was all right, it was pawned in the Borough; the Policeman called on me the next morning - I told him what I had heard; I had seen 
               
                  Robert 
                  Smith
               



             with these two women- be lived in the house where they were.
Chapman. Q. You are my sister, truly? A. Yes, I am - I was not with the prosecutor on the night you was taken; I saw you taken, and followed you.
Eliza Smith. When we were taken to the station, she stood near Mr. Wilson's public-house, and said she wished she could give a good push at the old b-r; she went home with the prosecutor, and stopped all night on our premises. Witness. I did not.
Robert Smith. Q. How long is it since you were arraigned at this bar yourself? A. I never was in my life, and never was committed from the Thames Police - you bought some things on the highway to take to them; it was between one and two o'clock, and I went with you.


                  MARY 
                  BLAKEY
               



            . I live in Brook-street, and am a widow. I pawned the watch for Robert Smith with this pawnbroker.
Robert Smith. Q. What time did you pawn it? A. You came to my room, and called me out of bed at half-past seven o'clock in the morning, and said you wished me to go on an errand; I got up, dressed myself, and went with you to the Borough, where I pawned it for 1l. 15s.
Robert Smith's Defence. The Policeman came to me, about half-past two o'clock, and said the prisoners wished me to get them some breakfast in the morning; I went to Blakey's; I called her, and said I wanted her - she came to my place; I asked her if she would carry these prisoners their breakfast - she said she had no shawl nor bonnet - she went out, and got a bonnet and a plaid cloak; she came in again with a duplicate in her hand, and said, "I have to get an article out - I can't go till ten o'clock;" she came again at that time, and took them their breakfast, which I paid for - she knew I had no watch; I had 10s. of my own, and I said if I had 10s. more, I would open a bullock's-head shop, and I asked Chapman if he thought the woman over the way would lend me 10s. on the duplicate of my watch; I had been at the chapel that night - I did not go out till one o'clock; Mr. Smith was the gentleman that preached - if I gave her the watch as she states, she should have pawned it in my name; I could not take it - I was at the chapel at the time; I put my money into my chest at night, and the officer found it - there were 11s. and some duplicates,which he tore up, and said he would get me transported if he could.


                  MARY 
                  BLAKEY
               



            . I carried the breakfast to the women after I had been with him to the Borough, and pawned the watch; I pawned it in the name he told me - he lives upon the prostitution of these two women.
DANIEL ENGLISH. On searching the house the first time, I found no money, but the second time, I found 11s. in part of a private still. I asked Robert Smith where they came from - he said they had been there a fortnight; I asked how that could be, when I had looked in the same place the night before; he said he had not been nearer the place than a neighbouring gin-shop - I did not tear his paper up.
CHAPMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
ELIZA SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ROBERT SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
