



384. 




THOMAS LEONARD
 was indicted

for feloniously forging, on the 
1st of September, a Bill of Exchange for £19, (setting it forth.) with intent to defraud 



Thomas Paul, against the Statue, &c.—2nd Count for uttering, disposing of and putting off the same, with a like intent—3rd and 4th Count, for forging and uttering an acceptance to the said bill—4 other Counts stating his intent to be to defraud 



William Foster Geach.—4 other Counts, stating his intent to be to defraud 



Thomas Paul and others.


MR. BODKIN conducted the Prosecution.





PETER FINCHARD AIKIN
. I am a partner in Stuckey's banking-house, at Bristol. Mr. Thomas Paul is a partner where and, there are others—I am one of the managing partners—about the 2nd of September, this letter (No.1.) and bill arrived by post at out banking-house—the bill purports to be an acceptance of Mr. Geach's—I do not Know him—I have seen his bills occasionally—this bill was discounted in the usual way; and advice was sent to Messrs. Robarts and Co., in my writing, to pay 18l.15s.6d.,—after that we received another letter by post dated the 18th—it inclosed a bill for£140—that bill I returned, and refused to discount it—it was signed "Thomas Thomas"—on the 12th of December we received a third letter, dated the 11th and signed "Thomas Morgan"—we had at that time reasons to believe that the first bill was a forgery—we sent to town—I wrote this letter to the last direction, and gave it to a clerk to transcribe.





GEORGE MOULES
. I am a clerk in the banking-house of Messrs. Robarts and Curtis in the country office. We are the London correspondents of Stuckeys' Bank, at Bristol—we received this advice on the 3rd of September, to pay Thomas Baker 18l. 15s. 6d.—when a party cames to claim the money after such advice, we fill up a cheque for the party to sign—this cheque (looking at one)is filled up by me for 18l. 15s. 6d.—a person came to receive the money and signed it in my presence—I cannot tell how it was paid—I put my initials on it to pass it, and them gave it to the cashier to pay.






JOSEPH DINES MINSON
. I am cashier at Robarts and Curtis's. This draft was presented to me for payment—I paid it in a £10 note, No. 10, 058, dated the 3rd of July, 1835, a £3 note, No. 10, 759, of the same date, and 3l. 15s. 6d. in money.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You made that entry at the time? A. I did.





JACOB KORNE
. I am a baker, and live at No. 76, Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell. The prisoner lodged with me for about six months, in the name of Leonard—he lived with me in September last; and about the time of Bartholomew-fair, which is on the 3rd, he asked me to give him change for a £10 note, and he would pay me what he owed—I took the note, and changed it next door at Mr. Parker's—I saw Mr. Parker write my name on the note.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you put any name on it yourself? A. No; I did not take notice of it—I remember well it was about the time of Bartholomew-fair, and was remarking to my mistress, that he had money that time.

COURT. Q. Did he come to you six months before that? A. No; he left me on the 7th of December—he was with us from June to december.





JOHN PARKER
. I am a publican, and live next door to the last witness. He brought this note to me in September last; here is his name on it, which I wrote at the time—I am certain it is the same note.





JANE KORN
. I am the wife of Jacob Korn. I know the prisoner—he lodged at our house—while he was there he changed a £5 note with me—it was about the 14th or 15th of September—I wrote his name upon it—this is it.





HANNAH PALMER
. In September last, I was living servant at a coffee shop, at No. 116, Fore-street, Cripplegate. I know the prisoner—I saw him there in September—he came frequently—I knew him by the name of Thomas Baker—I took in two letters by his desie, and left them in the bar till he called for them—I gave them to him myself—he paid the postage of them—they were directed "Thomas Baker"—the last letter my master took in.





LUCY STEWART
. My husband is a baker, and lives at No. 68, St. John-street, Smithfield. I don't know that I should know the prisoner—that man at the bar is the gentleman—he called on me one day about six months ago, and asked if there were a letter left in the name of Thomas Thomas—I said, "No"—he said "This is No. 68"—I said, "There is another No. 68," and he said, "No, it is this house at the corner"—he said, "If any letters should come, will you take them in?" and he left the money, but not sufficient, and I paid 10d. more—he called again, and a lad came a third time.

Cross-examined. Q. I understood you said, you were not sure you should know him? A. Yes; but I did not understand what way I was to look for the bar—I did not know that I should know him, but if I was to see him with the same white hat on as he had before, I might know him—I know him now by his good complexion, with rather a swallow skin—I never saw him without a hat—he came three times, once when he came to inquire for the letters, and twice when he came for them, but did not stop a minute; and I believe I was busy—the last time the boy came—it was about six months ago, and that is the gentleman.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Were you examined before the magistrate on this charge? A. No; I was ill—I had no opportunity of seeing the prisoner till this morning—he is the same person.






JACOB KORN

re-examined. Q. What hat did the prisoner wear? A. Generally a white one.





ELIZABETH PRIOR
. I live at No. 29, in the Minories; it is a coffee-house. I know the prisoner at the bar—he came to lodge with me about the 7th of December—he did not give any name, till he gave me a letter, that was directed to Stuckey's and Co., Bankers, Bristol—this is it—he asked if I could tell him where there was a post-office—I told him I was going to send a newspaper there, and if he thought proper, I would send his letter at the same time—he gave me a shilling, and the letter to do so—he said if any letters came in the name of Thomas Leonard, I was to take them in.

Cross-examined. Q. Will you tell me what the name is inside, as the signature? A. "Thomas Morgan"—I read the direction myself—the postman was going past; I called him, and gave it to him.





JANE WARREN
. My father keeps a coffee-shop, No. 122, Lower Thames-street. I know the prisoner—he came to my father's shop about a fortnight ago—he left 1s. with me to take a letter in—he wrote down "Thomas Morgan" as the name it would come in—no letter came till Thursday morning—(he called before that, and took away the money he had left)—that was the day that I saw Roe, the officer.





JOHN ROE
. I am an officer of the City police. On the 17th of December, I was in attendance at No. 122, Lower Thames-street, and saw the prisoner there—he came into the house, and the last witness said to him, "Your letter is come"—he said, "Oh, is it?"—she took the letter from a ledge, and gave it him—he opened it, and was about to read it, when I took the letter from him, and took him into custody—this is the letter, it is dated, "Bristol, December 15." (No. 4.)





THOMAS GREENWAY
. I am clerk to Mr. Geach—he is a solicitor, and lives at Ponty-Pool, in Monmouthshire. I knew the prisoner about four years—he lived at Ponty-Pool—he was a shopman and shop-keeper there—he had many transactions with Mr. Geach, which would enable him to become acquainted with his hand-writing—I believe the whole of this bill to be the prisoner's hand-writing. but I am sure the acceptance is—I have seen him write many times—these three letters I believe to be the prisoner's writing—the signature to this cheque on Messrs. Robarts, I also believe to be the prisoner's writing.

Cross-examined. Q. Have the prisoner and Mr. Geach had money transactions? A. Yes, I believe they have—I do not know that Mr. Geach has authorized the prisoner to sign his name.





MR. WILLIAM FOSTER GEACH
. I am a solicitor, living at Ponty-Pool. I know the prisoner at the bar—I have had many transactions with him—I never authorized him to accept bills of exchange for me—no part of this bill is written by me, or by my authority—I think it is the hand-writing of the prisoner—these letters I believe are his writing also—he has had repeated opportunities of becoming acquainted with my hand-writing—the acceptance is an imitation of mine.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the prisoner give you a warrant-of-attorney at any time? A. I believe not—he gave me an assignment—it was not an actual assignment; it was conditional, with a view of arranging with his creditors—he has never signed my name in any transactions—I never gave Billand authority for any thing of the sort—(Letters read.)
"Ponty-Pool, August 24th, 1835.
"Two months after date, pay to my order Nineteen Pounds, value received.
"WILLIAM WILLIAMS.

"Aceepted, payable at Messrs. Stuckey and Co., Bankers, Bristol.
"W. F. GEACH."
(Letter No.1.)—"London, September 1st, 1835.—Gentleman, I should feel obliged by your discounting the enclosed acceptance for nineteen pounds, and after you have deducted the interest, &c. please inclose and forward, by return of post, a cheque or an order on one of the banking-houses in this city. Direct as under, and you will oblige, Gentleman, your obedient servent, "THOMAS BAKER".
"Thomas Baker, 116, Fore-street, Cripplegate, Landon."
(Letter No.2.)—"London, September 19th, 1835.—Gentleman, I should thank you to discount the enclosed acceptance for 140l., and please forward, by return of post, an order on one of the banking-houses in the City. Direct to me as under, and you will oblige, Gentleman, your obedient servant, "THOMAS THOMAS."
"Thomas Thomas, hop-merchant, No.68, St. John-street, Smithfield, London.—To Messrs. Stuckey and Co., bankers, Bristol."
(Letter No.3.)—"London, December 11th, 1835.—Gentleman, I shall feel obliged if you will have the goodness to inform me, by return of post, whether the sum of thirty-four founds has been paid into your bank in my favour, your obedient servant, "THOMAS MORGAN."
"Please direct as follows: Thomas Morgan, 122, Lower Thames-street, London.—To Messrs. Stuckey and Co., bankers, Bristol."
(Letter No.4.)—"Stuckey and Co. present their compliments to Mr. Morgan, and beg to inform him they had not the——of receiving his letter, nor have they received the payment to which it refers.—Bristol 15th of December.—To T. Morgan, Esq., 122, Lower Thame-street."




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Life.
