



1265. 




GEORGE WEBSTER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
11th of March, at 
St. James, Clerkenwell, 1 box, value 10s.; 9 sovereigns, 55 shillings, and 13 sixpences; the goods and monies of 



George Weaver, his master: and 1 pencil-case, value 1s.; the goods of 



Andrew Thomson, in the dwelling-house of the said 



George Weaver.






ELIZABETH THOMSON
. I am the wife of Andrew Thomson. He occupied a house in Exmouth-street before February, but not since—he afterwards parted with the house to Mr. George Weaver—on the 11th of March, between twelve and one o'clock, I was at that house—the prisoner was in the second-floor room there—he was Weaver's errand-boy—I was in the shop, and heard him go out—I missed, from a cupboard in the room, a tin cash-box, which I had seen safe about half-an-hour before—it was locked—it contained 12l. 1s. 6d., which was Mr. George Weaver's property; there were nine sovereigns, and the rest in shillings and sixences—there was a pencil-case in it, which belonged to my husband, worth 1s.—I saw the prisoner again at Hatton-garden, on the 8th of April—he had absconded.





GEORGE WEAVER
. I keep a cheesemonger's shop in Exmouth-street, Clerkenwell. I was absent about three-quarters of an hour when the property was missed—the prisoner was my errand-boy—I did not see him again until the 8th of April.





CHARLES STEWART
. I am superintendent of the police, at Woolwich—on the 8th of April I saw the prisoner on board a steam-boat, going to London—I searched him, and found this pencil-case on him, and 1l. 6s. in

money—he was in company with another lad about the same age—the prisoner said he was taking the money to his master, a cap-maker, in Holborn—I said I would take him to his master—he afterwards said he lived with a person in Exmouth-street—I took him to Weaver, who charged him with this.





ELIZABETH THOMSON

re-examined. This is my husband's pencil-case which was in the box with the money—I know it by its being rusty at the point, and split.




GUILTY of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house.—Aged 13.



Transported for Seven Years.
