





432. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     ROBYN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of November
, 2 sheets, value 8s.; 2 pillows, value 8s.; 1 blanket, value 4s.; 1 iron, value 1s.; 5 paintings, value 1l. 2s., and 1 miniature-painting, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Collard
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  COLLARD
               



            . I am the wife of George Collard, of Hertford-street, Middlesex-hospital


. On the 13th of November the prisoner came to lodge with me in a furnished room - she was there three weeks, and left without notice: she told my daughter she would return in the evening, and bring me some money - she had only paid one week; she did not return, and in a week and two days we broke open the door, and missed the articles stated - she said she went to gentlemen's houses to work.


                  EBENEZER 
                  HANBURY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two sheets, pawned by the prisoner on the 15th of November.


                  JAMES 
                  WALLIS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two pillows, and two paintings, pawned by the prisoner on the 20th of November.


                  THOMAS 
                  COX
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a painting, pawned by the prisoner.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BIRDSEYE REEVE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two paintings, pawned by the prisoner, on the 10th of December.


                  HENRY 
                  MATE
               



            . I am an officer. I was called in, and broke open the door - I took the prisoner on Monday evening, the 20th of December, at the prosecutor's; I found six duplicates on her.


                  SARAH 
                  COLLARD
               



            . I heard she was to come home on the Saturday; I waited till Monday, and she came home that evening - this property is all ours.
Prisoner's Defence. I took the lodging, and was very short of work; I had a little, for which I had not been paid - I certainly did pawn these things, but with an intention of replacing them; I left word with the prosecutrix's daughter that I should return on the Saturday, but my friend's husband did not come; I then wrote a note, saying I should be at home another evening - I went, but could not get in- I went back, and slept at my friend's: on the evening I was taken I went to the prosecutor's, thinking I should be able to arrange for the rent, and for what I had pawned.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
