





752. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PRESTON
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for embezzlement
            .


                     THOMAS 
                     COOPER
                  



               
            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Cooper
                  



               
             - we are tea-dealer

s in Monument-yard


; the prisoner was in our employ as collecting clerk
; his duty was to account every day when he returned, for what he had received; he should enter it in a book, and pay the money over to Stringer. On the 28th of August Botten owed us 35l. 11s.; the prisoner has never brought that to account; there is no entry of it in his book - we have never received it; on the 25th of February 10l. was due from Middleton; he never brought that to account - his salary was 90l. last year, and 100l. this; he had received money on account of his wages about ten days before - he did not state that he had received this money; we knew nothing of it till the 26th of February, when I suspected something was wrong, and sent to Botten - I then called the prisoner in, and asked if he had received money from other people and not accounted for it; he said he had a great deal, and produced this account, which is in his own hand-writing - the amount is more than 500l.; I gave him in charge - he had never before intimated that he had received these amounts.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How long has he lived with you? A. Above two years - he told me he came from the north; he has not tendered me any sum of money - his friends attempted a negociation, but I always rejected it; they were troublesome to me, and I referred them to Mr. Harmer - his mother and sister wanted me to take something, but proposed no specific sum; I do not know what they said to Mr. Harmer.


                  GEORGE 
                  BOTTEN
               



            . I am an oilman, and deal with the prosecutors. On the 28th of August, I paid the prisoner 35l. 1 1s. on their account, in Bank notes and cash - he collected orders and money.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you take a receipt? A. I have a receipt, which he wrote in my presence - it is a memorandum on the account; the prosecutors applied for the money in February, and this was discovered.
COURT. Q. Did you make any other payment to him? A. On the 10th of December, I paid him 3l. 7s. 7d., on their account, and took an acknowledgment, which I saw him write.


                  EDWARD 
                  MIDDLETON
               



            . I am a tea-dealer, and live in Crawford-street. The prisoner was in the habit of calling on me weekly for orders and money; on the 25th of February, he called for 12l. 7s. on account of Messrs. Cooper, which I paid him in money, and he wrote an acknowledgment in my book, which is here.


                  JOHN 
                  STRINGER
               



            . I am the prosecutors' clerk. The prisoner did not pay me any of these sums, which he ought to do in the regular course of business - he never told me he had received them.
Cross-examined. Q. How often did he account to you? A. In the evening he wrote in the cash-book what he had received, and brought it to me, with the money; if I wasat home; I was at home on the 28th of August, for here is my writing in the book on that day.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he had not the most distant idea of defrauding his employers, and that he had a wife and four children to support.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
