





762. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BUTLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of January
, 1 cloak, value 16s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William James 
                     Stevenson
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  COUSINS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  James Stevenson
               



            , of Ratcliff-highway


. This cloak was lost from his shop, but I did not see it taken; I heard Stop thief! called, went to the door, and missed it - I did not see the prisoner that night, but a few days after Brown gave me notice that he was at the window, and I took him- the cloak has not been found.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I live close by the prosecutor's shop. -I saw the prisoner about half-past seven o'clock on the night of the 19th of January; he walked up and down the door two or three times, he then went on the step, took the cloak, and ran up Cannon-street - I cried out Stop thief! and the alarm was given, but he made his escape - this was on Thursday, between seven and eight o'clock, and on the Tuesday after I saw him again looking in at the window; I went and told Mr. Cousins the man was outside the door, and he was taken: I know the prisoner was the man that took the cloak - it was dark, but he hadpassed me three or four times, and looked at me - I saw him for five minutes.
MR. COUSINS. Brown gave a very clear description of the prisoner the same night, and it exactly corresponded with his person.
Prisoner's Defence. He said at the office that he only knew me by my coat and hat, but, having two or three hearings, he spoke more confidently of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
