



1246. 




JOHN SCOLTOCK
 was indicted

for feloniously receiving of an evil-disposed person, on the 
20th of January, 22 rings, value 30s.; 1 watch, value 10s.; 12 seals, value 1l. 4s.; 11 watch-keys, value 10s.; 3 watch-guards, value 1l. 14s.; 1 pencil-case, value 1s.; 1 pair of ear-rings, value 5s.; 1 scent-box, value 4s.; 6 thimbles, value 3s.; 2 brooches, value 1s.; 6 snaps, value 16s.; 1 snuffer-tray, value 2s.; 2 spoons, value 1l.; and 1 pair of buttons, value 1s.; the goods of 



Lewis Benjamin, wellknowing the same to have been feloniously stolen.






LEWIS BENJAMIN
. I occupy a shop and parlour in Princes-street, Leicester-square—I did so in May, 1834. On the 12th of May, I left the shop about five o'clock, leaving my brother Simeon to take care of it—I returned between eleven and twelve o'clock—my brother and two other persons were then in the shop, they gave me some information—I left all safe when I went out—when I came back, a great number of articles were gone, to the amount of 200l.—the articles now produced, were amongst them—here is a pencil-case, a watch-guard, scent-box, several seals, keys, and rings, and other things, which are mine—they had been in the window, and in different parts of the shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How soon did you see this property again? A. On the 25th and 27th of April last—we never found the person who stole them—I know this guard by its being a very peculiar pattern—it is silver gilt—I never saw one of the pattern in my life—I bought it at Machin and Debenham's rooms—I should presume it is town-made—there might be others of the same pattern, or this might be one made to a particular order, I should think it was; these two rings were partly made in my shop; they are gold, and worth 1s. each.





SIMEON BENJAMIN
. I am the prosecutor's brother. On the 12th of May he left me in care of his shop—I left it at a quarter-past nine o'clock all secure—I returned at a quarter-past ten o'clock, found the door open, and several persons round—a good deal of property was missing—I can swear to some of these articles being my brother's.





JOHN SMITH
. I live at No. 69, Chorlotte-street, Fitzroy-square. Benjamin Jones called on me three or four months ago, or it may be five from this time—he brought me a small lot of jewellery, among which I observed a ring which I had made for Mr. Benjamin—he came on the 25th of April, and brought several other things, among which I observed some of the same description of rings—I did not buy the goods—I took them to Mr. Benjamin myself.





BENJAMIN JONES
. I am a porter. I took these articles to Mr. Smith's to be valued—I bought them of the prisoner—he told me he had some cheap lots by him, which he had bought the duplicates of—I cannot tell exactly when it was—it may be four or five months ago—I was going down Pancras-street, there were two young men in his shop, one of them I knew, and he was showing one of them a silver guard—the young man called me, and said, "Jones, here is a cheap lot for you"—the prisoner is a locksmith and bell-hanger by trade—I called there a few days afterwards, and he said a friend of his threw in a raffle, and be put them into pawn, that he got the duplicates, and took them out himself—he called me in again, and said, there was a cheap lot that I might get a shilling or two

by—I said, "If I could sell one or two of them, I might have the lot," and I had them two or three weeks in my possession before I took them to the jeweller's to be valued—I did not buy them out and out—I saw the silver chain the first time, and I bought it a few days afterwards; that might be three or four days afterwards—I cannot tell the day, nor the month; it might be three or four months ago, or more—the young man who was in the shop knew me—the street I live in is just opposite his house—the young man's father shoes for us—I am porter at No. 97, Tottenham-court-road—I do not know what goods I received of the prisoner, but he put a price on them—it was a sovereign—there was a ring or two, a seal, and chain—I took them to Mr. Smith's to be valued—he picked out a ring, and said it was very strange how I got that—I did not go back to the prisoner then, but I paid him a sovereign on the Saturday night afterwards—that was the third lot—the first lot was a chain, I bought that for 9s. or 9s. 6d., and sold it to a shoemaker—I sold two lots to some other young men—the third lot I took to Mr. Smith—it was the middle lot that I gave 1l. for.

Cross-examined. Q. You have heard of raffles before? A. Yes; and I have been in several—I am porter to Murphy and Dry—they do not deal in jewellery—my wages are 20l. a-year—I have been there about two years—I have been in a raffle since I have been in their employ, for a watch, or something—I have not put up things to be raffled for—I was at a raffle in London-street—two, or three and twenty people were present—they were all young men—some of them were Murphy's and Dry's shopmen—I never raffled for any jewellery or plate, or any articles of that kind.





GEORGE STONE
 (police-constable C 99.) I went with Benjamin to a house in Pancras-street, on the 25th of April last—I saw the prisoner there—the prosecutor and Jones were there—Jones said, "That's the man I had the things of"—I asked the prisoner how he came in possession of these things; he said, "They were left me for rent, by a lodger of mine"—I asked him who the man was—he told me his name, but I do not recollect it—he said, the man was gone to America—he said he was a jeweller, who worked at home in the house, and he saw him make these things; I am sure of that—I had some seals and other things then in my hand, and he said, "I saw him make them" I asked him if he had any more; he said yes, he had a few more; but when he was told he was in custody, and that the things were stolen from Mr. Benjamin, he said he had no more; and he did not know what we meant—we took him to the station-house after searching his room—on the following Monday we went to search his shop, and found some more things—I had the key of his room and his shop; but after we took him to the station-house on the Saturday night, I went back to the shop, and found in a table-drawer a pair of gold ear-rings, and a pair of silver table-spoons, and I found there a great number of skeleton-keys, a crow-bar, dark lantern; and on the Monday we found some guard-chains, seals, snaps, silver thimbles, brooches, and other things in the workshop—the watch was found by Mr. Benjamin in the parapet, over the room—I had seen the seals hanging out of the prisoner's watch-pocket on the Saturday night, I then lost sight of them, and could not find it anywhere—I had opened the window near the parapet to call "Police", because the people on the stairs broke the pannels of the door to come in.

Cross-examined. Q. How many persons were there in the house when you went the first time? A. I do not know; it is a house full of lodgers,

but no one was in the room but us; for I locked the door—the landlord lives in the bottom part of the house—I had had Jones in custody about half an hour before I went to the prisoner—Jones said he could find the man he had them of—I did not search the shop before I took the prisoner away—I searched the room—I did not find any thing there, but after he had been taken away, I went and found the other things in the workshop, which is on the other side of the way—Jones lives in Tottenham-court-road, which is about two hundred yards from the prisoner's, or more—I saw Murphy and Dry on the Saturday night when I took Jones—I went to the prosecutor's premises at the time of the robbery—I believe they had been opened by a skeleton-key—I have no doubt that some of these skeleton-keys would open the prosecutor's door.





THOMAS HOBBS
. I went with Stone on the Monday to the prisoners—I found this mug wrapped up in a bit of paper in the attic—I found four buttons, and some skeleton-keys in a drawer under a work-bench in the shop.





SIMEON BENJAMIN

re-examined. Q. What appearances were there to show how any person had got into your shop? A. There was nothing to show; in all probability they got in by a key.





LEWIS BENJAMIN
. Here are two rings among this property which Smith made for me, in this lot, which Jones took to his house—the rest of these articles are made at Birmingham—this watch I cannot swear to.

Cross-examined. Q. Did it appear as if only one person had been employed in taking your property? A. I should think more than one.




GUILTY
. Aged 64.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
