






56. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FINDLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of October
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Palmer
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  PALMER
               



            . I live at No. 12, Great Winchester-street. I was walking with my brother in Fore-street


, on the evening of the 30th of October, and saw my brother seized hold of the prisoner, and saw a handkerchief in the prisoner's hand; he threw it under a cart, which was standing there, and I picked it up - I am sure he threw it down.
Prisoner. I was coming down Cripplegate-buildings, and the gentleman collared me; I saw a boy chuck the handkerchief out of his hand into the road, and the gentleman took it up.


                  FRANCIS 
                  PALMER
               



            . I live at No. 29, Jewin-crescent. I was with my brother on the 30th of October, and just at the end of Cripplegate-buildings, I felt something at my pocket; I turned round, and saw the prisoner thrusting my handkerchief into his pocket - I seized him and he threw it under a cart.


                  RICHARD 
                  HARDING
               



            . I am a City policeman, No. 90. I received the prisoner in custody, and produce the handkerchief.
FRANCIS PALMER. This is my property; I know it by the mark F. P.; I am quite sure of it - I did not see any person near except the prisoner; not within several yards, until after I seized him, which was before he threw the handkerchief down.
Prisoner's Defence. I am not the boy; I do not think my parents are aware that I am being tried - I live at Snow's-fields, Borough; my father is a cooper by trade; there is no number to the house.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
