




2293. 




JANE BROWN
 and 



HARRIET OAKES
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
26th of September, 1 pair of trowsers, value 12s., the goods of 



John Thompson.






JOHN THOMPSON
. I am a mariner, and belong to the Charybdis man-of-war Brig. I was in the Coach and Horses on the 26th of September, and went home with a girl to Twine-court—that was neither of the prisoners—my trowsers were taken from me while I was asleep—they were hanging over a chair—I did not see either of the prisoners with the person I went with—there were two more in the room besides the woman I went with—I cannot tell whether these prisoners were the women, as there was no light in the room—there were four girls in the room—we went to bed about ten o'clock, and 1 awoke about six o'clock in the morning—my trowsers were gone—I afterwards saw them.





THOMAS JONES
. I live with a pawnbroker in Ratcliffe Highway, produce these trowsers, which were pawned by the two prisoners, in the name of Ann Smith—they came together—I did not know them we to my recollection.





HENRY PARKER
. I am a police sergeant. In consequence of inform ation I went to the house of Brown, in Twine-court, and asked her whether she knew of a man being robbed of thirty-two sovereigns and a watch—she

said "No. "—I asked her if she knew of a man being robbed of a pair of trowsers—she said she knew nothing of the transaction—she said "I was there in the morning, while the sailor was asleep, that is all I know about it"—I took her to the pawn-broker who identified her.
(Property produced, and sworn to.)

Brown's Defence. At half past twelve o'clock I went to Mrs. Peterson's room and she was out—the prosecutor asked if I knew where she was—I told him I did not—he said he believed she was gone for some beer, but had been gone a long while—he said, Never mind, you will do as well," I went with him—he had no money—he said, "Never mind, I shall have plenty to-morrow, and will pay you"—I said, "That will not do for me, I shall want my breakfast"—he said, "Take my trowsers, and do as you please with them"—he asked me if I had money to give him—I said I had not, but I would try and get 2s., for the trowsers—I got a half pint of rum, which was 1s., when I got the 2s.—the other shilling I kept, and went to Mrs. Peterson's at half-past nine o'clock in the morning—the prosecutor was in bed—he asked us to go to the Ship and Eight Bells, and get him a pair of shoes—a pair of trowsers—we went, and found the Jew who came with us—I went and purchased the trowsers for 8s.—the woman that lent me the 2s. on them the night before was then paid—Oakes is quite innocent, only she went with me to pawn them.

Oakes' Defence. I never saw the prosecutor till he was at the Thames Police—Mrs. Carr asked me and Brown to go and get the money on the trowsers, Brown put them on the counter, and asked 10s. for them.





JOHN THOMPSON
. I did not tell any person to take my trowsers—I had in my side jacket pocket thirty-two sovereigns and a £5 note, that was lost also, and my watch that I paid 6l. for.

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.

OAKES—


NOT GUILTY
.
