






Second London Jury - Before Mr. Recorder.
670. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     NORRIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on 6th of March

, at St. Gregory by St. Paul, 270 yards of silk, value 41l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Pallister
                        



                     
                   and others, in their dwelling-house
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
TWO OTHER COUNTS, the same, only stating it to be the dwelling-house of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pearce
                  



               
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am one of the firm of 
               
                  John 
                  Pallister
               



             and Co., of St. Paul's church-yard



, silk manufacturer

s; there are three partners; I live in the house, which is in the parish St. Gregory by St. Paul; the rent of the premises is paid altogether out of the funds of the firm, and I pay the firm for my dwelling-house; I have lived in the house nearly two years. The prisoner Norris was in my service for about twenty months, at fourteen guineas a year; she was the house servant, and lived in the house; I never saw Jones till he was apprehended; we have about ten servants in our business; I generally lock up the warehouse myself at night, and am certain I did so on the 5th of March; I generally take the key in my pocket, and at night take it with me into my bed-room; I am sure I did so on the 5th of March; my practice was to send it down in the morning by Norris when the porters and two apprentices came, which is usually about the same time; they rang the bell, which I generally heard; Norris used then to come into my room for the key; she had nothing to do with the warehouse, and had no business there at any time - subsequent to the 20th of January, circumstances excited my suspicion, but I never intimated them to Norris. On the 5th of March I know that a piece of black silk was cut for Mr. Pallister, sufficient to cover a stock; it was a particular fabric, very rich and stout, and cost us more than 6s. 3d. a yard; eleven yards were also cut from a piece of slate coloured silk to make a cloak or something for one of his family, on the same day. On the morning of the 6th, Mr. Lane made a communication to me; I then examined, and missed those two pieces of silk, which had been cut the day before, and at a subsequent examination of our stock book I missed ten or twelve more pieces; this was on the 6th of March; we examined the stock-book as far back as January; they had been purchased at different times in the course of this year; I went to the Mansion-house for White, and officer, who came with me to the house; I took him up stairs with me to question Norris, and questioned her myself; she answered with every appearance of fairness and candour, and told me I might search her bed-room; I had not the slightest suspicion of her at that time, and sent White away; in consequence of information respecting a woman having been seen about our premises, I afterwards fetched Martin, the officer - he examined the different young men in the warehouse, and afterwards went up stairs with me to the kitchen to examine Norris; we both went up to her bed-room with her - nothing was said to induce her to say any thing; we found nothing there at that time - I think Martin observed to her that she had a remarkable stock of clothes for a person in her situation; she said she had been in better circumstances, and had taken great care of her clothes - this was on Monday, the 8th of March; she had been out on Sunday the 7th, with my permission to see her friends - she had asked leave the beginning of the week to go to Highgate to see her friends; I knew she had a mother and sister living in Hornsey-lane - she went on the Sunday; Martin said nothing to her about that to my recollection. On Tuesday or Wednesday, the 9th or 10th, I saw Martin again, and saw Norris - he asked her several questions with regard to her acquaintance and connexions, who they were; she said they were very respectable - we asked if there had been any body about her at any time, that she herself had any reason to suspect - she still pleaded the respectability of her connexions, and said it was impossible for any of her connexions to know any thing about it; when questioning about her connexions she said a woman named Jones, had occasionally assisted her as charwoman - we asked her where that woman lived; she persisted in saying she did not know - she said so more than once, and that she had not seen her since the last week in December; I saw Martin again on Thursday, the 11th, and he went with Norris into her bed-room - I did not go with them that day - they afterwards came down - neither I nor Mr. Pallister had held out any promise or threat to induce her to say any thing.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  PALLISTER
               



            . I am in partnership with Mr. Pearce. I saw Mrs. Norris on the morning in question -I never held out threat or promise to her, for I had no idea of her knowing any thing; I have two partners, and no other Christian name.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I did not at any time say any thing to Norris to induce her to make a disclosure - I do not consider that any thing I said amounted to that.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you recollect in the bed-room saying there was no use in concealment, for more had come out than she was aware of? A. I said nothing about concealment - I said, "More has come out than you are aware of;" that was not for the purpose of making her tell any thing - on the contrary, when she felt disposed to say any thing, I said, "I will not hear what you have to say, you must state it to your employers."
MR. PEARCE re-examined. When Martin returned with her down stairs into the kitchen, I asked how it was she could have been guilty of such a delinquency, and she said, "The poverty of my own relations has driven me into this situation;" I asked her what quantity of property she had taken at different times - she stated that she had taken four pieces on the Saturday morning previous, which was the 6th - she acknowledge that Mrs. Jones was her sister, but in consequence of her poverty she was ashamed to own her; she had given Martin, Jones' address before.
Q. Did she state where she took the four pieces from on Saturday? A. Out of one of the presses in the warehouse; I asked how she got possession of them - she said she obtained the key of the warehouse from my bed-room about five minutes before the porters came in in the morning, by causing the bell to ring, which signified to me that they had arrived, and then applied to me for the key,which I had no hesitation in giving her, having heard it ring; I inquired about other silks taken - she at first stoutly denied having taken more than these four pieces, but afterwards admitted that she had; she acknowledged that whatever we had lost she had taken.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am an officer of the Mansion-house. In consequence of what happened on the Monday I went to Hornsey on Wednesday afternoon, and in consequence of what I heard there, I saw Norris' mother, and brought the prisoner's sister, Harwood, to her at Mr. Pallister's house - they had some conversation together which I did not hear, and then Norris agreed to go with me to Jones'; she took me to No. 19, Baldwin's-gardens - before this I had asked her a great many questions about Jones several times, and she always denied knowing where Mrs. Jones lived; when Harwood came Norris said she would go with me, and show me where Mrs. Jones lived - she went with me on the Wednesday night; she went up stairs, before me, and called out Mrs. Jones! the door was opened and I went into the room - the male prisoner was there; I asked Mrs. Jones, (who was there) when it was she had last seen Norris - she said the last week in December, and that was exactly what Norris had said; I pretended to be satisfied with that account, and came away - on the following morning, Thursday, I received some information respecting Jones' wife, and went again to Jones'; I took two persons, showed Mrs. Jones to them, and asked them in the presence of Jones if that was the person they had seen so frequently opposite to Mr. Pallister's door - they stated that it was; I then returned to Mr. Pallister's, and went up to the kitchen with Messrs. Pearce and Pallister; Norris was then there alone - I told her what she had stated was untrue respecting her not having seen Mrs. Jones since December, and said I had two witnesses to prove to the contrary, and had taken them there to see Mrs. Jones; she said, "Then I will tell you the whole truth, that person is my own sister, but on account of her poverty I have denied her" - I told her I had sufficient evidence to justify me in taking her into custody, which I should do; she was the only female servant in the house - I then searched the kitchen more minutely, and found in a drawer, of which she had the key, something less than 3l. in money; I then desired her to accompany me up stairs to her bed-room - when I got her into the room I told her more had come out than she was aware of; she said, "Can any thing be done?" those were her very words; she said, "I have saved 10l., and I will give it you if you can assist me - what I have done was to assist my relations in their distress;" I said, "Can the silks be got back?" she said she thought the last two pieces might - I asked what she had done with them; she said she had given them to Jones, her brother-in-law - he was not present then; she again said, "I will give you the 10l. if you can assist me," and seemed very agitated; I told her I had no power to assist her, if she had any application to make it must be to her employers - they were the only persons who could shew her any lenity; I then brought her down stairs - she had some conversation with Messrs. Pallister and Pearce, which I did not hear; I left her in the house, desiring the prosecutors to see she did not go away, and went to the Mansion-house for Roe, and officer - I then went and apprehended the prisoner Jones, in Baldwin's-gardens; I told him as we came along that I had information that he had had a portion of the silk which came from Mr. Pallister's - he denied it; nothing more passed till I brought him to Mr. Pallister's - I took him into the kitchen; Norris was up stairs; I sent for her down, and on coming into the kitchen, she said to Jones, "Oh, John! what have you done with the last silks I gave you, for you know I have had no money for the last four pieces?" Jones made no reply - I then said to him, "What have you done with the light coloured piece?" he said he had left it with his sister - I asked what his sister's name was; he said Elizabeth Edmonds, No.27, Swan-place, Bermondsey - I went there, and got it at No. 26 instead of 27; I got it from Edmonds, who is now here - I said to Jones, "What have you done with the other three pieces?" he said, "I have burnt them" - I said, "Is it possible that people's property can be so wickedly destroyed?" he then said he had not burnt them, that he had sold them to a Jew, named Benjamin, who lived in Golden-lane, for 5l. - I understood Benjamin's house was out of the City; I sent Roe to Worship-street to endeavour to get a search-warrant, but believe nothing was found - I sent Jones to the Compter by Roe, and brought Norris to the Compter myself; I then went in search of the silks.
Q. You told Norris she had seen Jones since she had stated - did she say when she had seen her last? A. No; the prisoner Jones said Norris had been there on the Sunday. On the following morning (Friday) I searched Norris' bed-room, and found three silk dresses, which appeared not much worn; they were shown to the prosecutors - there were not more than six silk dresses in all, but these were selected; there was a great many other dresses, calico and others, eighteen or nineteen; I also found jewellery, which I gave up, by desire of the Magistrate; Mr. Pearce, in a small paper box in another of her boxes, in her bed-room, found ten sovereigns - I found in an old night cap, in another box in the bed-room, twenty-five sovereigns. On Friday morning I took her to Guildhall, from the compter, and on our way I said "I thought I understood you to say you had only 10l. - I have found twenty-five sovereigns in a night cap, in addition to the 10l." and said, "Is that 25l. part of the produce of the silk?" I did not name any particular silk - she said the 25l. was, but the 10l. was not; I also took Jones from the Compter, and said to him, "I understand there has been some money found in your place; he said Yes - I said as much as 33l.; he said Yes: I said"I understand you have said part of that money is the produce of the silk;" he said 28l. of it was the produce of the silk, and the other 5l. he had saved to get his wife through her lying-in - she was delivered two days after I believe.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. In your conversation with them did you tell them whether you had evidence against them, except what you could get from their answers? A. I told Norris I had more evidence than she was aware of, and from that this conversation arose - I had no conversation with Jones till we were coming along; I then said what I have stated - I did not examine or cross-examine him; I did not say I should make use of any answers they gave me - I understood Jones had made a previous statement to another officer; I askedthese questions with a view to discover the robbery, and if it was requisite to make use of what they said - if I had told them I should give what they said in evidence, I should not have discovered the robbery; Mr. Pallister and Mr. Pearce, were present when Norris stated about her sister - I believe neither of them were present at the conversation with Jones; I intended at the time to give their answers in evidence, if it was requisite - my object was to discover the robbery, and give what they said in evidence certainly; if I had said I should make use of their answers I should not have discovered the robbery; Jones and I were walking alone in the street when we had the conversation.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Had you in any manner invited the conversation in the kitchen, when Norris said to Jones,"I have had nothing for the last silks?" A. Nothing at all - it was quite a conversation between themselves; the prosecutors were not present - I pursued my further inquiries in consequence of that conversation; I did not tell them they were obliged to say any thing.
COURT. Q. Are you quite sure you neither held out threat nor promise to Jones, to induce him to say what he did? A. I am quite sure I did not.


                  JOHN 
                  ROE
               



            . I am an officer of the Mansion-house. I went with Martin to Jones', and searched the premises, on Thursday, the 11th of March; he was not at home the first time, but the second time he was - I found thirty-three sovereigns in a bag, under a heap of rubbish, up in the cock-loft at the top of the house; I afterwards counted them out before Jones - there were twenty-eight loose in the bag, and five wrapped in a piece of paper, and in the bag; Walters, a Worship-street officer, was with me, and he asked him how much of that money was the produce of the stolen property - neither threat nor promise were used to him; he said, twenty-eight were the produce of the stolen property, and the 5l. was his own money; I told this to Martin.
Cross-examined. Q. Was not Martin present when he said this to you? A. Certainly not - he said nothing to me about saying it to bring his wife through her lying-in- I was not with him when he went to the office nextday.


                  JOHN 
                  WALTERS
               



            . I went with Roe to Baldwin's-gardens, to search - I have heard his evidence, and it is correct, as far as passed in my presence.


                  ANN 
                  ELLERY
               



            . I am a mantua-maker, and live in Old'Change. I was employed by Norris to make up a muslin dress and other things; she brought me some black silk to make into a petticoat and aprons - this is the silk I was employed to make up (looking at it) - she brought it to me on the 6th of March, and said it was for a friend; I am sure this is the same silk.
Cross-examined. Q. Is your work on it? A. Yes - I had no other of the same kind.
COURT. Q. What quantity was there? A. Better than five yards; hearing what had happened I took it to Mr. Pallister, and showed it to him.


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARDS LANE
               



            . I am a warehouseman in the prosecutors' employ. I remember a piece of black silk being cut off to cover a stock for Mr. Pallister; I have got the piece which was cut off here; the silk produced is of the same sort and quality - I never saw two so closely correspond, and the selvidge is the same; between forty and fifty yards of this piece were left when the stockcover was cut from it - it is worth between 6s. and 7s. a yard to us, to buy.
Q. Look at the slate coloured silk - do you remember a piece like that being cut for Mr. Pallister's family? A. Yes, I have the pattern of it, and the cloak that was made from it; the pattern corresponds precisely with the piece produced - I have no private mark on it. On the morning of the 6th of March, about eleven o'clock, I missed the two pieces of silk which the stock and cloak had been cut from, and on going over the books we found two other pieces were missing; the value of the black and slate coloured pieces is about 22l. the lowest value; I have no doubt of these being the same two pieces.
Cross-examined. Q. It is rather hard to say you are certain of it? A. No, it is not - I never saw one before with the sort of selvidge the slate coloured one has; there may be hundreds of them by this time - they were introduced this season; there are some figures at the end of the black silk which I cut - there is no private mark on the petticoat - it is by no means a common silk; there may be a hundred of the kind - I should not say there were hundreds; I judge them to be the same by comparison, and by missing them.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Have you any doubt that this silk is the same texture and every thing the same as that which is made into a cloak? A. Not the least - our marks are in pencil, and would rub off in making up: I never sold Norris any silk - she had no business in the warehouse.
The prisoners made no Defence.
Two witnesses gave 
               Norris
             a good character.
NORRIS - 

               GUILTY
             - 


               DEATH
            .
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            .[Monday, April 19.] 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
