





1573. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     KEARNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of September
, 1 bag, value 1d.; 1 sovereign, 2 half-crowns, 8 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Stollard
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM STOLLARD. I am a lighterman
, and live in Charles-street, St. George's in the East. On the 11th of September, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, I was on Tower-hill


 - I was sober; the prisoner, whose person I am certain of, came facing me, and said, "Where are you going?" I said I was going home I hoped - my bag and money were in my trouser's pocket, which was unbuttoned; the bag was safe when I left the wharf, in Thames-street, and I had come straight from there; this happened about fifty or one hundred yards from Barking-church-yard - I went no where with her; the moment I said I was going home, two men came up arm-in-arm, and gave me a violent blow, which turned me round, and that presented my pocket close to the prisoner; I did not feel the bag taken - I stood a moment, thinking whether I should follow the men; I turned round again, and walked as far as the pump - I put my hand into my pocket, and my bag was gone; I thought the prisoner must have done it - she had then gone away; she had a bonnet on, but no veil - I only saw her a short time, but am positive she is the person - I instantly turned back, went round the corner into Trinity-square, and overtook her in the square; I touched her arm, and said, "Young woman, you have robbed me;" she looked me in the face and said, "I never saw you before;" I called a watchman, who came - she was then sitting on some steps; she was taken to the watch-house - the watchman produced my bag without my money, except 1s.; the money was not in the bag when shown to me - I had no mark on the money; when the watchman came up, he found a sovereign on the steps where she sat - I saw him take it up; the prisoner did not claim it.


                  SIMEON 
                  BRACKLEY
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw Stollard with the prisoner, about half-past ten o'clock, at the end of Cooper's-row - she was on the steps of Allhallows workhouse; he charged her with robbing him - she declared she had not seen him, and knew nothing of his property; when she got up to go with me I found a sovereign on the step, directly under where she had been sitting; the officer of the night searched her at the watch-house, I was not present - after returning to my beat I found an old leather purse or bag, empty, ten or twelve yards from the steps where she had sat; she said she had an infant five months old - it was not with her; I searched further, and on the window-cill of the workhouse, about as high as I could reach, I found 12s. 6d. - the window was three or four yards from the steps - she must have put it there before I came up, if she did at all; there were two half-crowns, seven shillings, and a sixpence.


                  PETER 
                  MUNT
               



            . I was at the watch-house and searched the prisoner, but found no money on her; she denied the charge, and said she had never seen the man before.(Bag produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent, and never saw the man before.
GUILTY. Aged 22.




               Recommended to Mercy
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
