



542. 




HENRY REED
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
27th of January, 29 yards of flannel, value 2l., the goods of 



Nathan Blake.






MARY ANN BERTON
. I am a shopwoman to Nathan Blake, who lives in Edgeware-road. He keeps a haberdasher's shop—on the evening of the 27th of January the policeman William came into the shop, and I looked and missed a roll of flannel—I had seen it safe ten minuter before—this is it—it measures 29 yards, and is worth 2l.





HENRY WILLIAMS
 (police-constable D 51.) About quarter-past six o'clock, on the evening of the 27th of January, I was passing along Edgeware-road, near Mr. Blake's—I saw the prisoner and another standing against a shop—they passed and repassed the shop several times—at last they went and looked at the shop and went away—I went and asked Mr. Blake's shopman if they had lost any thing—they said, "No"—I watched, and in ten minutes they came down again—the other man went into the shop and brought the flannel out to the prisoner, who put it under his arm and went off with it—I ran and took him with it under his arm—he said he saw it lying on the pavement, and picked it up.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you standing at the time? A. On the opposite side of the way, in a shop—I saw them for a quarter of an hour—they were walking in company together, by the side of one another—there were not many people about at the time—the flannel was about a yard in the shop—the prisoner stood just outside and the other gave it to him the moment be came out—I overtook him and brought him back with the flannel under his arm about fifty yards from the shop—I saw him start from the shop-door with it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I was going down Edgeware-road—I saw the flannel lying down, I took it up, and policeman took me into custody.





JAMES GARRETT
. I am a carpenter, and live in Lisson-street, Paddington. I was in the Edgeware-road on the night in question—I was opposite an earthenware shop, next door to Mr. Black's talking with another carpenter, about hali-past six o'clock—I saw a boy bring a roll of flannel out of the shop, and thinking him an errand-boy, I did not take any particular notice; but after he was gone a little way, I saw him either drop or throw it down: which I cannot swear, as it did not concern me—I kept on with my discourse—I should think the boy had got forty or fifty yards before

he threw it down, but I did not take any particular notice—I cannot say what became of the flannel—I never went to interfere or look after it—I saw nobody pick it up—It was dry on the pavement, as far as I can recollect—I did not think of a robbery, or I might have stopped the boy—I know nothing of the prisoner—the next morning I called in at the Star and Garter public-house, close to Mr. Blake's, and heard of the robbery; and said, "Oh, that is something as I had seen last night"—the person who was talking of it said, a man was taken up for it—I said, "How can that be, if it is the same as I mean? I saw a boy bring a roll of flannel out, it could not be a man who stole it"—we almost got to high words about it, and left the house—accordingly on Thursday night the prisoner's friends, who I know nothing of, came to me, and said they understood I had seen something of It, and would I come forward and state what I had seen—I said, "Certainly, If you think my evidence is of any use I will come up, without a penny or anything else—what I will do shall be voluntary, without interest, or friendship, or any thing"—I did not stay to look on when I saw this—I saw nothing to alarm the boy, to make him drop it—whether anybody pushed it out of his hands I do not know—whether the boy picked it up or not I do not know—it was as much as thirty yards off, no doubt.





HENRY WILLIAMS
 re-examined. There was nobody passing at all at the time after—the prisoner had got it under his right arm—I ran up the pavement about a dozen yards—he immediately crossed the road, which was extremely muddy and dirty—if it had fallen, it would have been covered with dirt—I saw him, start from the door with it under his arm—the pavement was rather dirty, it was a wet right—I am sure the man who was walking by the shop was in company with the prisoner—I never lost sight of them—I was on the watch—I saw them pass and repass—I never knew the prisoner before—I am quite sure the pavement was muddy—it would have dirtied the fiannel, if it had been on the pavement—there was no dirt on it whatever—it has never been out of my pessession—the other person turned up the New-road—he was shorter than the prisoner.





JAMES GARRETT
. I should do very wrong to state a falsehood—I say it was a boy brought it out of the shop, and that I maintain—he might run forty or fifty yards—what I state is true—there was no mud, the pavement was dry.





MARY ANN BURTON
 re-examined. It was a very dirty night—the things were taken inside, in consequence of the dirt—I took two or three pieces in, and left this within a yard of the door.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
