







189. 




JOHN DESMOND,



 WILLIAM DESMOND,



 HANNAH DONOVAN
, 




JOHANNA MURPHY
, and 




MARY HURLEY
, were indicted for

 feloniously killing and slaying 



John Cole; they were also charged with the like offence on the Coroner's inquisition.






GEORGE COLLINS
. I am a labouring man, and live in Union-court. At the time in question I lived in the Maze, and worked for Smith and Sharpe—I did not know John Cole—he was a stranger to me when this happened—I was told his name by the Jury—I did not see his body—I saw him delivered at the hospital—I went part of the way up Deane-street, and helped him to the hospital gates—I was told before the Coroner's inquest, and by his captain, that his name was John Cole.

Q. Did you see him receive any injury? A. On Sunday, the 10th of August, about a quarter past eight o'clock, I saw John Desmond and Dennis Donovan strike the deceased four times, to my certain knowledge; and his son, William Desmond, succeeded him afterwards—Cole was trying to get from them as far as laid in his power, and begged for mercy, but no

mercy was shown him—it happened just by Mr. Smith's door, at the corner of Union-street, Maze, Tooley-street, Borough—I did not see any provocation given by Cole—I saw him surrounded by these people, endeavouring to escape, but he could not; he was overpowered—I did not see him strike any blow at all—when the man was down, and I ran to his assistance, John Desmond kicked him on the left breast, just on his left ribs—he fell from the blows he received from Dennis Donovan, who is not apprehended—Cole begged for mercy—I wished to assist him, but I was in danger of my life; and in assisting him to lift his head up from the flag stones, I was struck three times myself—John Desmond struck him repeated blows, both right and left, and struck him on the left ear—William Desmond repeated it, to follow his father's blows; and struck him in any part which laid in his power—I saw him strike him, and he hit him more than two, three, or four times—the deceased kept on his legs at first—he made no resistance; it was out of his power, he was so overpowered—John Desmond kicked him when he was down, and Hannah Donovan scratched and kicked him when he was down—as he was falling, she tore his face and kicked him afterwards—I cannot say what offence he had given to these people—Murphy had nothing to do with that—nor as to what Mary Hurley did—I went to Guy's Hospital gates, and left Cole there—I did not see his corpse—I did not see any of the surgeons who took care of him—I was not at the first coroner's inquest, but I was at the second one—there was a bit of a skirmish, but I did not see Cole strike any blow—he had no friend there but me—they were all round him—he called for mercy, but got none.

Cross-examined by
MR. WHALESBY. Q. Were there a great many people in the place when you came up? A. Yes; there was a hundred, I should suppose, when I first came up—there was a very great disturbance—the noise attracted me to the spot—I was up stairs reading my Testament—I heard the noise, and went down into the Maze—how it originated I do not know—Cole was dressed as a sailor—there was one more sailor present, but he escaped, and went into Mrs. Smith's house, or they would have served him the same way—I suppose there were ten of them altogether skirmishing—it is impossible for me to give an answer as to who gave the woeful blow; but hearing him cry out for mercy, and being the only Englishman among them, I thought it right to interfere—I took Cole to a doctor's shop at first, who refused to take him in; and I assisted him up Deane-street—he appeared to me quite sober—he was not able to walk to the hospital, as he was abused and cut—he was obliged to be carried—I helped to carry him part of the way—he appeared to me to be sober—he might have had a pint of beer or two—he was not the worse for liquor, to my knowledge—he did not appear like a man affected with drink—John is the father of William Desmond—I did not hear a word from John Desmond; but William Desmond, mind you, is innocent—he was reading his book when he was called out in an Irish tongue, which I could not interpret—I saw his father fighting, and he went up and helped his father—that was the first of William Desmond's interfering at all—he was brought into it innocently; being told his father was fighting, he came out to assist him—how John Desmond first began to fight, I do not know—I can only speak to these three women being present—I understand there were other women present, but Hannah Donovan is the only one I have to mention about—there were plenty of other women present,






EDWARD WILKINSON
. I live in the Maze, in Tooley-street. I saw Dennis Donovan strike the man, when John Desmond crossed the road, and kicked him in the lower part of his body while he was on the ground—I did not know Cole before—I only heard his name by its being on my summons—I saw Johannah Murphy kick the man in the breast—I saw no more then—they took him to Roach's, and from there to the doctor's—he laid on the ground till they picked him up, and took him to Roach's door first, and then to Dr. Walker's—I did not see him taken further than the doctor's—I saw Collins carrying him away—the man I speak of is the man Collins helped to carry.

Cross-examined. Q. How old are you? A. Going on for thirteen years—I heard a row, and came down—the row had began when I came out—the first thing I saw was Dennis Donovan attacking him—I then saw Desmond—there were about a hundred people—I saw none of the others fighting—I have known Johanna Murphy a good while—I go to school on Sunday, and know the nature of an oath—this was about a quarter past eight o'clock, as near as I can guess—I am quite certain Murphy was among them—she is the middle one—I can swear I saw her there—I did not see her above ten minutes there—I am sure I am not mistaken—I know her from others.

Q. If ten people were to come forward and tell you were mistaken, they would all tell a falsehood? A. Yes; because I am positive she was there.





EDWARD MASEY
. I am a brass-founder, and live at No. 44, Maze, Tooley-street. I saw the latter part of the transaction—Mary Hurley was in the act of stamping her feet on the chest of the deceased, John Cole, when I came up—that was with violence—he was lying on his back on the ground at the time, in no situation to resist—there did not appear any life in him, merely a noise in his throat at the time—I begged of him to keep his head up—he was taken to Dr. Walker's—I assisted myself to carry him part of the way—I did not know him before—he was afterwards taken to the hospital by the advice of Dr. Walker—he did not appear to me to have any sort of life remaining in him—I did not observe any wounds on him—it was morally impossible to get near him—he had no jacket on—his other clothes appeared to be a sailor's dress—all the persons about him were acting against him—he did not appear to me to have any friend to protect him—I merely came out of my house on hearing the cry of "Murder"—It was twenty or thirty yards from where he was knocked down—I did not see him at the hospital or before the coroner—I did not know him previously.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not go beyond Dr. Walker's with him? A. I did not go further than the end of the Maze—when I first came up he was on the ground—I saw no wounds—he was in a state of stupor apparently to me—whether it was produced by intoxication or violence I cannot say—I should think there were sixty or one hundred people, or upwards.





DAVID CORSTOTHEN
 (police-constable M 14.) I saw nothing of this transaction—I visited the deceased in the hospital the day after this happened, and while he remained in the hospital I made inquiry, with a view of arresting the parties; but he died, and I summoned all the persons before the coroner, and took them into custody after the Coroner's inquest, except Dennis Donovan, whom I have not been able to find—Captain Codd, of the Native, of Wexford, saw the deceased at the hospital, and

accosted him as John Cole; and he answered to that name—Captain Codd did not go to the hospital with me, but he told me he had visited him there; but I visited him at the hospital, and called him John Cole, and he answered me by that name—nobody in my presence spoke to him by that name—I afterwards saw him a corpse—his body was present before the Coroner—he was taken to the hospital on Sunday evening, left the hospital on Wednesday morning, and died on board the vessel about three o'clock next afternoon—I did not go on board the vessel, but Kinsey did.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you go to the hospital first? A. On the Monday morning—I did not ask for John Cole; I asked for the sailor who had been brought in—he was in bed when I saw him—he seemed to be quite lost—I had not much conversation with him—that was the first time I saw him, and the only time—I was with him perhaps ten or fifteen minutes—I did not notice any wounds about him—I saw his corpse both times before the inquest—the person I saw at the hospital was the same I saw at the inquest—I addressed him by the name of John Cole at the hospital—he seemed to take very little notice—I did not see him leave the hospital.





JOHN KINSEY
. I am a constable of the Town-hall, Borough. I first saw the deceased, on the night of the 13th of August, on board the ship Native, of Wexford—I heard him called, "John Cole," but he was then dead—I did not see him before his death—I afterwards saw the body before the Coroner—I went with Captain Codd, and a female, to wash and lay the body out.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know the two Desmonds? A. I know all the prisoners, and have known them all ten or twelve years—they were always very good orderly people, I believe, with the exception of William Desmond, who was once in trouble for being drunk and disorderly—the ship Native, of Wexford, was moored off St. George's-stairs, in the parish of St. John, Southwark.





HAROLD GILES
. I am a medical student of Guy's hospital. On Sunday evening, the 10th of August, I recollect the man being brought to the hospital—I do not remember hearing him accosted by any name—I think his shipmates brought him in—I did not see Collins—I do not think I had any other case of a like description on the 10th of August—I do not recollect how he was dressed—he was in a state of insensibility, and had the marks of a blow over his right eye—that was all we observed in him outwardly—he appeared to be a strong hearty man—he appeared at the time labouring under the effects of intoxication, though I thought some blows which he had had might cause part of the effect—I saw him the following morning—he was sensible enough to answer questions, but seemed very much inclined to sleep—he complained of pain in his head, and on the Sunday evening, and during the night, he was sick—I did not see any thing he vomited—he was bled on the Monday, and his head was relieved by the bleeding—he left the hospital on Wednesday morning without permission—he asked if he might leave the day before, and was told not to leave—I saw him dead next day, and examined the stale of his skull—it was not fractured at all—there was a great clot of blood at the base of the brain, and the brain itself had a greater quantity of blood than was natural—there was sufficient coagulated blood on the brain to cause his death—it appeared to arise from the rupture of some vessel; in the scalp there was rather an extensive bruise, and extravasation of blood—I think the blow which caused that was very likely the cause of

the extravasation of blood at the base of the brain—I think if he was struck, and trampled on, and knocked down, his head coming in contact with the ground, and his receiving other blows, would account for the appearance I found internally—I have heard the witnesses' evidence—I do not remember hearing them mention any blows on the head, but there was the appearance of a blow on the head—I think the circumstance of his having a blow on the head would alone account for the appearances—I think the state of the clotted blood quite sufficient to cause death.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you been a medical student long? A. Six years—this is the third winter I have been at Guy's—I have a guest, many cases of accidents brought in there—I am not quite certain this was the only case brought in on the evening in question—there might have been others brought in—he was not bloody when he was brought in; that I swear—I saw no wounds except the one on the right eye—the bleeding he received on Monday was by the lancet—it was not fit that he should leave the hospital—we told him not to leave, but he felt himself well enough to leave—we should not have permitted him to leave, if we had had our own will.

Q. If you heard of his leaving the hospital, drinking rum, and exposing himself to the night air, would not such conduct have been sufficient to produce death? A. I think not, unless he had received some injury before—my opinion is formed from the blood on the brain at the post mortem examination—I think most likely he would not have recovered if he had not left the hospital—I cannot be positive of that—his exposing himself to the night air, and drinking rum, would not be sufficient to kill him unless he had received some previous injury—he died of apoplexy, but I believe it to be occasioned by the blows.

COURT. Q. In your judgment, from the appearance the head exhibited, and hearing the account the witnesses have given, have you reason to believe his death was caused by the application of external force? A. I believe so—heaviness and stupor are the consequences of force, causing coagulation of blood; and a blow on the brain, without extravasation, might cause it—concussion would also produce it.





ROBERT GLEDSTANES CAREY
. I was a student of Guy's hospital at the time in question. I saw the deceased on the Sunday evening—I believe him to be the same person as I saw dead before the Coroner, but I could not swear to his person—he was in bed when I was called to him—he appeared labouring under the influence of liquor when I visited him—he vomited fluid which smelt of porter—sickness is one of the symptoms of concussion, but I smelt porterin what he vomited, but a man drinking moderately would void the contents of his stomach—I conceived he had been intoxicated—he had symptoms of stupor—he could speak and answer questions incoherently, as far as I can recollect, but I go principally from what he vomited—I cannot say what quantity of liquor he vomited—he vomited frequently during the night—I did not see all he vomited—I bled him at four o'clock—he expressed himself considerably relieved—I believe the causes spoken to by the witnesses sufficient to produce the appearances I saw.

Q. Do you believe death was attributable to the application of external force? A. That is more than I can assert—it possibly could have arisen from common causes—if he had diseased arteries, this clot may have been formed—I believe the man died from the injury received, but it is possible it might be from natural causes—I have no reason to suppose so—I observed a wound under the scalp—I might have covered it with half-a-crown—there

were no corresponding appearances internally with that external wound—there was no coagulated blood immediately under the wound—there was a a lot the base of the brain—I should expect to find the clot of blood there—I should expect to find blood on the base of the brain if there was a blow on the vertical part of the head—that is the most common, but not the invariable consequence.

Cross-examined. Q. The person of the individual you saw at the hospital, and the body you subsequently examined, you cannot swear to be the same? A. I cannot swear to it—I believe him to be the same—I did not distinguish his features when I saw him in bed—I believe him to be the same man—I certainly should not swear to him—I did not notice his features—the symptoms arising from intoxication and from concussion are very much alike—it is very difficult to distinguish—it was doubtful, when he was admitted, whether he was labouring under symptoms of intoxication or concussion—he could not have been on Sunday in the state which I found him in on the post mortem examination on board ship—I conceive the treatment he received at the hospital might enable him to walk about a day or two afterwards—the exertion of walking from the hospital to the ship might bring on hemorrhage, and produce death—the exertion of leaving the hospital, accompanied with the previous symptoms, might have been the cause which produced his death—he had symptoms both of concussion and drunkenness when he came to the hospital—the clot of extravasated blood on the base of the brain was the immediate cause of death—I conceive that was from the rupture of a vessel or vessels—I conceive the wounds were kept down by our treatment, bleeding and purging—I think he would have had a very fair chance of recovery if he had remained in the hospital—if he had drank to excess, and had a violent fall or shake after leaving the hospital, it might produce rupture of vessels—I did not take any accurate examination of the external injury when I saw him on the Sunday—we were not aware of the blow we found till we removed the scalp—I do not recollect the blow over the eye at all myself—I saw no blow whatever in the hospital, nor the appearance of any, that I recollect—he did not complain of any thing except the head—he was not then labouring under symptoms of fracture—I did not conceive it necessary to examine his head—I treated him, the night he came in, as a drunken man; and, on the Monday, I treated him as a man labouring under a very severe headache, as I supposed, arising from a slight concussion of the brain—it is extremely difficult to distinguish between drunkenness and concussion—I had no reason to suppose he was mortally injured on the Sunday—I cannot undertake to say that he was mortally injured when I saw him on the Monday.

COURT. Q. When he received the blow you discovered, on removing the scalp, are you of opinion that it caused the coagulated blood, on the base of the brain? A. I conceive so; if it was sufficiently severe, it would produce that consequence—it was not a severe one—I found the blood in the place I should naturally expect to find it, if a blow was inflicted on the vertical part of the brain—it is not usual to find the blood exactly under the place injured, unless it is fractured—it is sometimes on the opposite side, sometimes at other places, but not immediately contiguous.





JOHN HENRY
. I am a surgeon, living in Gainsford-street. I did not examine the person of the deceased internally—I was sent for on board the ship on Wednesday, the 9th of August, by Captain Codd saying that one

of his men was very ill—he was dead when I went on board—his body was before the Coroner afterwards—I made no examination of it—I was examined at the inquest—assuming the facts to be true that the witnesses have deposed to, I certainly am not of opinion they were calculated to produce the appearances described—a blow on the vertical part of the head is not likely to produce extravasation of blood on the base of the skull, not from what I heard on board the ship—his death might or might not be from drunkenness—if the man was knocked down, I certainly should attribute the blows he received to external injury—I had heard he had been drinking three or four days previous to this happening.

Cross-examined. Q. Supposing him to be in health, but drunk, and that he, much excited in a quarrel, received a slight blow, could you distinguish whether he died from the injury, which the last witness calls slight, or from drunkenness? A. On examining the man on board the ship, I did not see any appearance of injury—I should be able to distinguish the two cases very easily—I did not discover any external injury whatever.

COURT. Q. You never examined the injury which was discovered by the removal of the scalp? A. Certainly not; I was not at the post-mortem examination.

John Desmond's Defence. I am not guilty of any thing of the kind.

William Desmond's Defence. I am not guilty of any thing of the kind.

Hannah Donovan's Defence. I had nothing to do with it.

Mary Hurley's Defence. I had nothing to do with it.

Johanna Murphy's Defence. I am not guilty.





SARAH BARNETT
. I live in Boarded-entry, Gravel-lane. I know Johanna Murphy.—I was in her company on he 10th of August, at half-past five o'clock in the afternoon, at her father's house—I dined at her father's house, in Tooley-street, Borough—we left her father's at half-past five, to go to my own house—we remained about an hour at my house, and then went out again, and met with some of her friends, and her uncle, at the Rull public-house, right opposite our house—I went to the Bull with her, and remained there till about half-past nine—Ann Sheen, Catherine Neale, Elizabeth Harrigan, Timothy Crawley, Jeremiah Crawley, and Kate Crawley, were at the Bull public-house that night—we got there about half-past six o'clock, and were in and out till half-past nine—she left her bonnet and shawl at my house, and then came for it—she was about two hours running in and out from my house to the Bull, just over the way—there was not time for her to go to the Maze, in Tooley-street, and assist in doing any violence—she was not a quarter of an hour out of my sight during that period—I could see her every minute along with her uncle, Jeremiah Murphy.

COURT. Q. Where does the prisoner, Johanna Murphy, live? A. In the Maze, with her father and mother, John and Catherine Murphy—I met her first at her father's house that day—we were in the Maze at one o'clock in the afternoon, and left it at half-past five o'clock—I dined there, and had a cup of tea before I came away—it was on Sunday, the 10th—I attended before the Coroner, but it is such a long time ago I cannot recollect when—I did not hear the news till a week almost—the girl did not have the summons till the Friday, and I did not hear of it till then—I know it happened on Sunday, because I went to spend the afternoon at her father's house, and I have no time to go out, except Sunday—I work hard all day—I believe it was a week before I attended before the Coroner, but I cannot not exactly say—I went before the Coroner a week after, and I dined at her

father's—it was on Monday I went before the Coroner—eight days after I dined at her father's—her uncle was at the Bull—he lives in the Boarded-entry, the same place as I do—he was at the public-house, and a little in liquor—she went to try to get him home, but could not, he was so obstinate—she was two hours or more at the Bull, in and out, backwards and forwards—she was with her friends, Daniel Harrigan, Kate Crawley, and Ann Sheen—they had been to a funeral, and met there—the prisoner had not been to the funeral—her friends had, and they came to the Bull to see Jeremiah Murphy, and came home with her—I am no relation of hers, only an acquaintance.





ANN SHEEN
. I am the wife of Jeremiah Sheen, and live in Magdalen court, Tooley-street. On a Sunday in August I went to the Bull public-house, in consequence of a funeral—I cannot tell what day of the month it was—I cannot tell how long ago—the prisoner Johanna Murphy happened to be there—I cannot tell the time of the day I went there—I noticed the clock, it was nine o'clock—that was the first time I went into the house—I saw the prisoner, Johanna Murphy, there, and my son and son-in-law, Daniel Harrigan—Timothy Crawley is my son's name, and my daughter's name is Honora Crawley—only her husband's name is Harrigan—she is married to Harrigan—Jeremiah Murphy, the prisoner's uncle, was there tipsy—we left the Bull about a quarter to ten o'clock—Johanna Murphy was there then, and parted with me at London bridge, at a quarter to eleven o'clock—she was in my company till then—I did not hear of the man being killed in the Maze till the day after—it was the day before that that I was with those persons—I do not know what time in the afternoon I came to the Bull, only I said, "It is nine o'clock, it is almost time to be home, for I will stop no longer"—I had not been there three minutes when it was nine o'clock.

COURT. Q. How long did you stay after making that observation, that it was time to go? A. I dare say not longer than half an hour after; and after leaving, I never went into a house till I came to my place—I came straight on to London bridge—when I came into my own place I looked at my clock, and it was a quarter to eleven o'clock—I was from half-past nine to a quarter to eleven o'clock walking from Ratcliffe-highway to Tooley-street—two daughters of mine and my son-in-law came with me—Timothy Crawley, Daniel Harrigan, and his wife, Catherine Neale, and Johanna Murphy—they all left the public-house at the same time with me, and walked home with me to Tooley-street—we had all kept together till a quarter to eleven o'clock—never went into a house—my daughter, Honora Harrigan, went into the Bull with me—my husband was there before I went in—my daughter and I had been to a funeral, walking after a baby—she heard her husband was at this public-house, and went in there—I had not been in the Maze that day—the funeral was in Ratclifte-highway—we left home at three o'clock to go to the funeral, and got to it about four o'clock—I cannot say how long I was in attendance on it—I went to where the baby was buried, and had tea there—it was in Wapping, down at Ratcliffe-highway—my brother-in-law, and the friends who followed the baby, were there—Honora Harrigan, and me, and Catherine Neale, a daughter of mine—none of the people I found at the Bull were at the funeral, except Honora and myself—my daughter Honora is very bad, confined to her bed, and has been so three days—she is in a dying state.





CATHERINE NEALE
. I am the wife of Owen Neale, and am a distant

relation to Johanna Murphy. I cannot tell what relation—I am Mrs. Sheen's daughter—I have a sister named Honora Harrigan—she has got a baby very bad—I cannot say whether she is confined to her bed from illness—I have not seen her for the last week; but I hear that her baby is very ill—I live at No. 12, Bull-court, Tooley-street—I went to a funeral at Wapping—I cannot tell the day of the month—it was on a Sunday, about fourteen or fifteen weeks ago—I went in the afternoon between two and three o'clock—my sister Honora and my mother were there—it was about twenty minutes to eleven o'clock when I came home to Tooley-street—I cannot say what time I came from the funeral—I was at the Bull public-house, in New Gravel-lane—I got there, I believe, about twenty minutes to nine o'clock—that was before I went home—my mother and sister, and her husband, went with me—I found my brother, Timothy Crawley, my sister's husband, and Johanna Murphy there, and another woman named Mrs. Sweeney—it was about ten minutes to nine o'clock, as near as I can guess—the Bull is about two miles and a half from the Maze, as near as I can guess—I came away from the Bull about ten minutes to nine o'clock, and when I got into the Highway it struck ten o'clock—I had been in the Bull the whole of the time—they all came out from the Bull together—Johanna Murphy came after—my husband and I came together—some were before and some behind—Johanna Murphy did not go away for five minutes from the time I went into the public-house.

COURT. Q. Who were the party who went from the Bull home to Tooley-street? A. My sister Honora Harrigan, her husband, my brother, my husband and I, and my mother—my mother and sister, my brother, my sister's husband, and my husband and myself, were at the funeral—we did not all come into the Bull together—my husband, my brother, and Harrigan, went in before us—I believe about an hour before—I drank tea where the corpse was—the mourners drank tea there—my brother was not there, nor my husband—they all went to the funeral, but not as mourners—my husband and I came into the Bull together—my mother and sister were in before me, but Harrigan and my brother were in there about an hour and a half before us.

Q. Had you any conversation with the prisoner Johanna Murphy that night? A. No; when I saw her at the Bull, I said, "Good gracious, what brought you here?"—she said, "Oh! I have been here all night"—that was about ten minutes to nine o'clock—I did not think she would be there—her uncle, Jeremiah Murphy, was there—lie lives in New Gravel-lane, but he was tipsy.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know the Boarded-entry? A. Yes; Jeremiah Murphy lives there—I asked Johanna what brought her there—she did not tell me what brought her there—the said, "I have been here all night, I came over with my uncle's wife"—her name is Mrs. Murphy—I cannot say her name—I believe her name is Sarah Barnett—I cannot say whether she is Murphy's wife, or whether she lives with him.

COURT. Q. What means have you of knowing on what day the funeral happened? A. I know the Sunday—I do not know the day of the month—I heard the man had been killed in the Maze, that very night as I came home—we came home at twenty minutes to eleven o'clock—my brother came in, and said there had been a great row in the Maze, and next morning I heard the man was killed—on the Monday morning a person came and told me Johanna Murphy was in it—I said, "Well, she is quite innocent, if every body is as innocent as she is, the man would be alive now."


MR. CLARKSON. Q. In your country, is there any distinction between "dead" and "killed?" A. Yes, a great difference; I do not know whether they said he was killed or not—I had not heard he was dead, when I said he would be alive if no one had any thing more to do with it than Murphy—we do not mean a person to be alive, when he is killed.





DANIEL HARRIGAN
. My wife's name is Honora. She is well, but she has a sick child, ill with the measles—her mother saw her to-day.





MARY ANN ROACH
. My husband keeps the Red Lion, in the Maze, in Tooley-street. I saw John Cole about a fortnight before his death—I saw him on Sunday, the 10th, when there was a row in the Maze—on the Wednesday morning after that, I saw him at my public-house, I believe it was between nine and ten, or about ten—I asked him how he was—he said he was quite well, except a tightness in his knee—he had a small glass of gin in a tumbler of spring water—he appeared quite well, only complained of his knee—he walked rather lame-—he did not complain of his head in the least—he said he thought the stiffness in his knee was from lying in bed, from the Sunday evening—he did not tell me when he left the hospital—I do not know when he left.

COURT. Q. Was this Tuesday or Wednesday? A. Wednesday—I heard of his death the same day; he was with me before ten o'clock—my house is about five minutes' walk from Guy's hospital—it is in the Maze—I know the prisoner Johanna Murphy—she does not frequent my house—I know her by her living in the neighbourhood—I saw her on the Sunday afternoon, about five o'clock, at my house—the deceased and her were not in the house together—she came to the bar with her brother, who is a child-in-anns, for a biscuit—I think it was about five o'clock—I cannot be certain exactly—there are two doors between my house and the court she lives in—I heard the disturbance that night—I heard a noise in the street, but saw nothing of it—I did not see the man carried away.





OWEN MCCARTHY
. On the Sunday in question, I was going into the Red Lion, at the time of the row—I believe it was between eight and nine o'clock—I stood at the Red Lion door, and saw three or four sailors come out of the Red Lion—I can swear to four—Desmond was standing opposite the Red Lion, smoking his pipe, against a warehouse belonging to Mr. Humphries—one of the sailors said, "Come on, my lads, here he is"—he swore, with an oath, he would take old Desmond's day-lights from him—he said, "Here he is! come on! so help me God, I will take his day-lights from him"—Old Desmond did nothing at all to them, while I saw them—Young Desmond was standing by his father—I had not observed either him or his father do any thing to the sailors, before they used the expression I have named—I do not know the sailors—to the best of my opinion, the man who used the expression was the worse for liquor—the tallest of the sailors hit Desmond—they crossed the street to him—I cannot exactly swear to what followed afterwards, because there was a crowd of people, and I could take no notice—another sailor, a shorter one, tackled young Desmond, who told them to go about their business—he would have nothing at all to do with them—old Desmond staggered against the wall, from the effect of the sailor's blow, but did not fall—his pipe fell on the pavement, and was broken—there was a mob, and I could not swear to what happened afterwards—young Desmond had not done any thing to either of the sailors—I cannot tell what caused the disturbance—I did not see old Desmond strike any body—I cannot describe any thing further.
—SMITH. I am the wife of a City police-officer, and live at No. 6, in the Maze. On the night of the row I was at my own door—I know all the prisoners extremely well—I saw the beginning of the row—the first of

it was, one of the sailors came and spoke to the prisoner Johanna Murphy's mother, and he asked her where her husband was—neither of the prisoners were there at the time—I was not at my door during the whole of the row—the sailors, who began the piece of work, pushed the prisoner Hannah Donovan—neither of the prisoners were there at first, but Mrs. Donovan was coming by to go into her own house, and the sailors pushed her—the prisoners were on the spot during the quarrel—I did not see Johanna Murphy there at all—I saw the other four—Johanna Murphy lives quite close to the spot—her mother's name is Catherine—I had seen Johanna Murphy about five o'clock that afternoon, opposite my door in the Maze—there was another female with her—I did not see any thing happen to the man—I was not present when the man was carried off senseless—I know nothing about that—I saw a great disturbance, but did not see what caused the man's death—I saw no part of that particular transaction where the man was knocked down and carried away—I did not see the end of it—it was a general fight—I did not go from my own door—I did not see him taken to the hospital—I did not see him injured at all, nor any blows struck on the man—I did not see him on the ground—there was a great crowd.

JOHN DESMOND—


GUILTY
. Aged 51.—


Transported for Seven Years.

WILLIAM DESMOND—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Three Months.

HANNAH DONOVAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 49.—



Confined Twelve Months.

JOHANNA MURPHY—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—



Confined Six Months.

MARY HURLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.—



Confined Twelve Months.
