






1345. The said 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  COOPER
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BARNARD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, 1 ham, value 14s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  David 
                  Yeates
               




             and another, their masters.


                  MICHAEL 
                  GUNSTONE
               



            . On the morning of the 27th of May, I was at Mr. Holmes', watching the prosecutors' premises - all the men had gone to breakfast, except the prisoners; it was between half-past eight and nine o'clock - Barnard was a porter in their employ; before the firkin of butter was taken, I saw Cooper in front of the warehouse, and Barnard behind; I saw Barnard come up the ware-house to Cooper - he appeared to communicate with Cooper: he made a stop as if to speak to him - Barnard then immediately went up stairs; I saw him come down with a ham on his shoulder - he went to where Cooper stood, and there they both put it into a bag, and Barnard took it away out of the warehouse; I was not near enough to see the direction on the bag - I followed Barnard, and saw Fagan waiting at the corner of Distaff-lane; I desisted, and waited to watch the other transaction - while Cooper was at Mr. Acock's house, we asked him about the ham Barnard had taken away; he said he had sold it to Barnard, and he was to pay for it out of his wages on Saturday night - Barnard came in in about half an hour, and I asked where he had taken the ham to, which he had taken from his master's premises; he said he had taken it home, that it was taken by Cooper's directions, and he was to take it out at dinner time, to some place where Cooper had sent it to - he did not say where; Cooper was present - I afterwards went to Barnard's lodging, found the ham in the bag, and brought it away; Cooper afterwards pleaded for Barnard, and begged his master to let him go.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q.Cooper told you it was to be paid for out of the man's wages? A. Yes, and Barnard said he was to take it where Cooper was to direct him.
Cooper. When I spoke of the ham, I said Barnard was to take part of it, and I was to take the other - I weighed it, and should have entered it at the same time as the firkin; he says half an hour elapsed, now I was at the book when Gunstone came - I had it in my hand, intending to enter both the articles.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  DAVID YOUNG
               



            . I saw Barnard bring something out in a bag, in the shape of a ham; I saw him go down the warehouse first - I did not see the bag afterwards.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was called in, and took Barnard on the 27th of May - I do not think the ham was mentioned to him.
Cooper's Defence. The ham was a similar transaction to the firkin - it certainly was my intention to enter both, but a very short time had elapsed; I had taken the numbers on a piece of paper, and was about to make the entry when Gunstone came, and desired me to go to Mr. Acocll's - I told Barnard if he liked part of the ham, I would take the responsibility of the payment on myself, and enter it on my account, the whole being too much for my own use; it was not done with intent to defraud my employers.
Barnard's Defence (written). I am entirely innocent of any intention to defraud my masters; I never in my life, either directly or indirectly, robbed my employers of a single farthing,or property of any description, or suffered any one to do it with my knowledge; I considered, my Lord, when I obeyed the order of Mr. Cooper, their clerk, I was doing no more than my duty; I had no conception, when ordered to take the ham to my house, there to remain until called for, but that it was perfectly consonant with every honest intention.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  ACOCKS
               



            . I am in partnership with Mr. Yeates - it is not customary to allow servants to book goods to themselves; it probably may have been done by the clerks, but certainly none of these men would be allowed to do it - Barnard was seven years in our employ, and always behaved well; Cooper never applied to have goods booked to him; there is no entry of this.
COOPER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
BARNARD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
