




464. 




GEORGE WARWICK
 and 




THOMAS GREEN



 were indicated for stealing, on the 
10th of December, 4 trusses of hay, value 8s., the goods of 



Willam Gibson.






WILLIAM GIBSON
. I live at Walthamstow. I bought some hay at Woodford-bridge, and left it on the premises—the hay-binder was watching it—Warwick was in my employ.






JAMES SMITH
. I am the hay-binder. Between three and four o'clock in the morning of the 10th of December I was watching (I had loaded the cart the night before with twenty-five trusses) I saw Green come and take four trusses—he gave Warwick the four trusses upon the cart—three from the stacks, and one from the shed—I did nothing then, because my master was in London—I told him the next day.

Green. I was asked to pitch the hay on the cart, and I did it—I did not know of any thing wrong. Witness. The four trusses were put on the load, under the tilt—I saw Green put them up into the cart, and Warwick was on the cart, ready to take them, and he drove off.

Warwick. I took them for a sample.





JOHN WOOD
. I live in Long-lane, Smith field. I had bought hay before of Mr. Gibson, and Warwick brought it—on the 2nd of December a bad of hay was brought to me by the prisoner, and I rather disputed, because it was brought at night—that led to his calling on me on the following Thursday—1 said I wanted no more—he said he had got some at Woodford-bridge, and was going to London to a person—I said I did not want it—he said he should bring a sample up—I said I did not want it—he called on the Saturday I said I did not want any—he said he had got, I think, a quarter of a load, and I said he might throw it down—it was four trusses—he said he was going to Mr. Cooper's—he was to call on his return—he never returned, but Green called in a quarter of an hour, and said he was going to Mr. Johnson's, in Old-street-road, and pulled out his ticket to show me—I said, "Where is the person who left the hay?"—he said he was gone round to receive some money—I then paid him 8s. for the four trusses of hay that Warwick had left with me as a sample.





WILLIAM GIBSON
. He did not tell me that he had received the money for these trusses.





THOMAS GOODWIN
. I am a policeman. I took Warwick—he said he stole the hay. and was assisted by Green, and when Green was taken, he said, "That is the man that helped me to steal the hay, and I went and got the money".




WARWICK—
GUILTY. Aged 37.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor
. 



Confined Six Months.

GREEN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
