



617. 




JOHN NOWELL
 was indicted

 for a robbery on 




Isaac Finkleston, on the 
29th of January, at 
St. Dunstan Stebonheath, alias Stepney, assaulting him, putting him in bodily fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 17 watches, value 8l.; 2 ladles, value 14s.; 4 spoons, value 2l. 10s.;.; 1 1/2 oz. weight of gold, value 3l.; 8oz. weight of silver, value 1l. 15s.; and 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 7s.; his goods; and feloniously cutting and wounding him at the time of such robbery.






ISAAC FINKLESTON
. I live at No. 31, Nottingham-place, Mile-end—I am a dealer in jewellery, and attend sales—last Monday night, the 29th of January, I was going home with the articles stated in a bag—it was about ten o'clock—I carried the bag in my hands, over my arm, with the string twisted round my wrist, and round the mouth of the bag—I had got about fifteen yards from my house, and was talking to a woman, who I wanted to buy a pair of slippers of, when the prisoner came behind me—he said nothing, but pulled hold of my bag—I said, "What do you want of me?"—he said, "Give it to me"—I would not, and said, "What do you want of me?"—he took a knife out so quick, so clever, and cut it away—he cut the bag, not the string, and went away with the bag, leaving the string and part of the bag in my hand—he went away very quick—I hallooed out, "Stop thief," and ran after him, but could not go fast, as I had the rheumatism, and I fell down, and Sarah Burgess ran after him—I hallooed out, "My bag, my bag," and she said, "O the bag; the property"—I got up and ran on further, and saw the prisoner when I got to the station-house, when the rest of my bag and my property was produced to me—I knew it directly.

Q. Was your little finger cut when the bag was cut? A. I found it cut—the prisoner cut it in cutting the bag—I think I had seen the prisoner a few weeks before, in a public-house, but not on that night—I think I have seen him, at other times, when I went to a public-house—I think he is the same man that cut my bag—on my conscience and sense, I think he is the same man, because every body said he was the man—my things are worth 20l.—I had opened the bag, while I was at Cockburn's house that night, because I wanted to exchange a metal watch—I suppose the prisoner had followed me from there.





SARAH BURGESS
. I am the wife of George Burgess, a mathematical instrument maker, and live at No. 16, York-street, Mile-end Old-town. A man, who works for us, brought home two pairs of shoes, and in consequence of something, I walked with him down Nottingham-place—I saw a man standing by the side of a wall there, about a yard before I got to him—the prosecutor was going along, and the man rushed out with great violence, caught hold of his bag, and said, " Give it to me"—the prosecutor

said, "Save my bag, mistress; save my bag"—I attempted to do so, but the bag was gone in a moment, and I was afraid I should be cut—the prisoner is the man who did it—he ran away—I ran very fast after him into Charlotte-street—I am certain he is the man—I was not a yard from him all the time he was running—I could have caught hold of his jacket—I saw him run away with the bag, and did not lose sight of him till he was taken, only the moment while he turned round the corner, and ran into the policeman's hands—there was no other man running in that direction—he called out himself, "Stop thief, stop thief," and I said, "That is the man, stop him, stop him"—he had hardly got any distance before he was stopped—there was a mob of people running, but he is the same man I followed from the beginning—I followed him from Nottingham-place, through Charlotte-street, just at the beginning of Whitechapel.

Prisoner. Q. What do you know me by? A. I am perfectly certain you are the person that cut the bag, and you are the man I followed—I only lost sight of you one moment, while you turned round into the policeman's hands.

Prisoner. She said in her deposition that I was the length of one street from her, and that she could not swear to me—I should like to hear it read.

COURT. Q. Is that your hand-writing? A. Yes—(looking at her deposition)—it was read over to me, and I signed it, and the same is in that as I have said to-day—(the deposition being read, stated, "I feel pretty sure he is the man, but I cannot swear it.")

Q. You hear that you expressed a doubt there that he was the man? A. I know he is the man, because I was not an ace from him—I could have caught hold of his jacket the whole of the way; and as he turned round the corner the policeman caught him in a moment—I have no doubt in my own mind that he is the man—I only lost sight of him just as he turned the corner, and the policeman caught him in a moment.

Prisoner. The policeman said I was walking behind him in a narrow street about five or ten minutes before the job was done; and the woman and man say I could not have passed them in the street without their seeing me—the prosecutor was as tipsy as he well could be. Witness. I do not think the prosecutor was tipsy—he had been drinking a little, perhaps, but was not tipsy.





EDWARD BLANEY
 (police-constable H 91.) I was on duty in Fieldgate-street, a little before ten o'clock, on the night of the 29th of January, and heard a cry of "Stop thief," in Charlotte-street, which is on a line with Fieldgate-street—I ran into Charlotte-street, and saw the prisoner coming up the middle of the street, running, and crying, "Stop thief"—there was nobody before him—he passed me, still crying, "Stop thief"—I turned back, and ran after him into Whitechapel—I lost sight of him for an instant, and when I turned the corner I found him in the custody of Argent—he had nothing when he passed by me—the prosecutor and the witness Burgess were following him—the prosecutor charged him with this directly he came up; and I thought he would have struck him with his stick—I looked about for the property, and found it in Charlotte-street, about twenty yards from Nottingham-place—the prisoner had run close by that spot—there was nobody running in the street, except the prosecutor and the woman Burgess.





ISAAC FINKLESTON

re-examined. I lost my property in Nottingham-place, a very short distance from Charlotte-street.






SARAH BURGESS

re-examined. He ran up into Charlotte-street, and passed where the property was found.

Prisoner. The policeman said I was walking close behind the prosecutor.





EDWARD BLANEY

re-examined. That was another policeman, not me.





WILLIAM ARGENT
 (police-constable H 126.) On the 29th of January I saw the prisoner running out of Fieldgate-street into Whitechapel-road—Fieldgate-street and Charlotte-street are all in a line—he turned the corner, hallooing "Stop thief"—I secured him, and took him back into Charlotte-street—I met the prosecutor, who charged him with robbing him, and he denied it.





WILLIAM PARSONS
. I am a policeman. On the night of the 29th of January I saw the prisoner six or seven yards behind the prosecutor, about ten minutes before the robbery—I came up Nottingham-place, and met them—I got round into George-street—I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and ran back into Nottingham-place, and met my brother officer with the prisoner.





MATTHEW COCKBURN
. I am the son of Matthew Cockburn, and live in White Hart-street, Shadwell—On Monday the 29th of January, between seven and eight o'clock, I saw the prisoner at our house—the prosecutor was also at our house, at the bar—my father and he were talking some time about exchanging some watches—he showed his watches out of the bag, and put them on the counter—the prisoner was there standing in front, and could see what he produced, but I did not observe whether he was looking at them.

Prisoner. I have used the house two or three weeks, ever since I have been out of employment.





ISAAC FINKLESTON

re-examined. My finger was cut, but I do not think he did it on purpose—it was cut with a knife, and was cut to the bone.





WM. PARSONS

re-examined. I found no knife on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming past, and heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I ran along, with about twenty or thirty more, and sang out the same as they did, and the policeman stopped me—as for doing the deed, I did not—I came home in the Caroline about two months ago, and have been out of work ever since, but I did not do this—when the prosecutor came to the station-house, he said he could not tell it was me till they pressed him to say it was me.





ISAAC FINKLESTON

re-examined. That is a story.




GUILTY of robbery only. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.
