





2170. 




GEORGE GARDNER
, 




GEORGE WINTER
, and 




WILIAM PECKHAM
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
18th of her, at 
St. Sepulchre, 1 bag, value 1d.; 4 crowns, 18 half-crowns, 80 lings, 80 sixpences, and 25 fourpenny-pieces; the goods and of 



Keable Smith, in his dwelling-house.






KEABLE SMITH
. I keep the Rose public-house, in Farringdon-street in the parish of St. Sepulchre. On Tuesday, the 18th of September, I had a bag of silver in my till, consisting of crowns, half-crowns, shilling, sixpences, and fourpenny-pieces, to the amount of 10l.—about seven o'clock that morning the three prisoners came into my house, and ordered a pot of beer, and laid down 31/2 d.—I said it was 4d.—they disputed about paying the other halfpenny—they wanted Peckham to pay it—he declared he had no money, and showed them his pockets—about a quarter to eight o'clock my bag of silver was safe in the drawer, and they went drinking and smoking in front of the bar—I had occasion to go back for a second, when I returned they were there, still but went away in an instant—when the newspaper came, about seven minutes before eight o'clock, I went to the till to get money to pay for it, and missed my big of money—they had been gone a very few minutes—there was nobody but them drinking at the bar—I immediately named it to my wife—the bag was the sleeve part of a lady's kid glove—there was a bad sixpeace among the money, and a cracked sixpence also—anybody standing" front of the bar could reach the till—the counter is very narrow-about a quarter past nine o'clock, while at breakfast, an individual came in and gave me information, in consequence of which I went to the Fox and Knot public-house, and found the prisoners there—the officers went in before me, and found the money before I entered—they told me in the prisoners' presence that they had found the money on them—I then stated that among the silver they would also find a bad sixpence, which I had taken the night before, and had bent it on the head side, and they would also find a cracked sixpence, which was good silver, but which many people would not take—they were taken to the station-house, and there separate lots of silver produced—the bad sixpence was found in one parcel, which Scott produced, and the cracked one in another—Waller produced two parcels, and Scott one.


winter. Q. Is ft possible it could be taken in less than a second? A. I said I left not more than a minute—nobody could have taken it before I left the bar—I missed it immediately on my return—the prisoners were near enough to take it, and at the station-house I asked Peckham how ever they got the bag, and which took it—he said, "The one in the white apron,"(Winter,) and that he wanted them to carry it, but they said as he took it, he should carry it—Winter heard that said, and did not make any reply.

Winter. Q. Was I sober? A. You pretended to be tipsy, whether you were really so, I cannot say—I left the bar while you were there. Gardner. I asked you to take care of a half-crown for me. Witness. Yes—you asked if I would allow you to leave half-a-crown there, and I said yes—you gave me half-a-crown, and I laid it on my shelf—(I gave it to Sergeant Waller)—I did not put it with my other money, which I have no doubt was their object.





SAMUEL BARHAM
. I keep the Fox and Knot, in Fox and Knot-court, King-street, Smithfield, within a quarter of a mile of the prosecutor's. The prisoners came to my house a little after eight o'clock in the morning of the 16th of September—they appeared the worse for liquor—they stood round the fire-place—I observed Winter with a light-coloured leather bag in his hand, full of silver—Gardner and Winter went into the parlour to tettle an account, and I heard the silver rattle—they asked for ink and paper—I could see into the room, through the window—they sat down together—I heard a great quantity of silver shot out of the little bag—after being in the room some time, they came out, and gave Peckham some silver, and told him there was nothing but copper in the bag—I called Peckham aside, and asked him if there was not something wrong, and in a little time he told me there had been a robbery committed in a public-house in Farringdon-street—I took him to my bar, and said, "Show me the manner the robbery was committed"—I did not know him before—he came to my bar, drew out my till, leant over the bar, pulled the till forward, pointed to a partition in the back part of the till, and said, "That is the part where the purse was when they took it away"—I went up stairs to Mrs. Barham, who was not up, and stated the circumstance, and wanted to go and give information—a friend came in—I told him to go and inquire at the public-houses if such a thing had happened, and with—in a quarter of an hour Smith and two officers came to my house, they apprehended the prisoners, and found silver on each of them.

Winter. Q. Did not you say in your examination, that you saw no bag at all? A. No—you took it out and put it on the seat in the tap-100 m—you and Gardner asked for pen and ink, and went into my parlour, and there, I presume, shot it out—I heard it shot out—it came out, I suppose like twenty pounds weight.





CHARLES WALLER
. I am a sergeant of the police. In consequence of information from Smith, I went to the Fox and Knot, in company with Scott—I saw the prisoners there in the tap-room—I told Winter to get up, I wanted him and the others for a robbery in Farringdon-street—he pretended to be very much in liquor, and tumbled against me—I said, "What have got about you?"—he said, "I have got some money"—I tore his pocket right from his trowsers—he did not say how much he had got—he pretended to be so much in liquor he could not answer me—I went Peckham, and asked what he had got—he said he had got a few shillings—I

asked how much—he said 7s.—I found 9s. on him—I told Scott to search Gardner, and he found some silver on him—it was all tied up in three different portions, amounting to about 9l. 19s. altogether—Peckham said, in their presence, that he had seen Winter (pointing to him) take the bug from the till, and he was not going to make a noise-be wanted him to carry it, that he would not carry it, but he would not make a noise, and would not hollow—we took them to the station-house—Smith told me I should find a bad sixpence and a cracked sixpence—on Winter I found 5l. 4s., with a bad sixpence among it, and among what was found on Gardner was a cracked sixpence—Peckham said the others had give him the money he had.

Winter. Q. You swear I pretended to be drunk, why was not I brought up on Tuesday morning? A. You were drunk, but not so drunk as to pretended to be—you shammed more than you were—you were not in a fit state to go before a Magistrate, certainly.

Winter. I could hardly speak—I have not recovered the effects of on yet. Witness. All three were in liquor, but not so bad as they pretended to be.





JOHN SCOTT
. I searched Gardner at the Fox and Knot, and found 4l. 5s. 6d. on him—I have the money here—there is a cracked sixpence, which Smith named before I examined it.





KEABLE SMITH

re-examined. I can swear to these sixpences, the cracket one, and the other.

Winter. There are so many bad ones alike.

Peckham's Defence. I am quite innocent of it—when I was at the house they asked me to have a drop of beer; as to the prosecutor saying I said I saw the man take it, I did not—I said he was close against the bar, but as to my saying he took it, I cannot say it.

GARDNERS,*—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

WINTER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.




Transported for Ten years.

PECKHAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—



Confined Six Months.
