







2178. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LARGE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     COOPER
                  



               
            , & 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     LOWE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of September
, 1 frock, value 7s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 6s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 2 sovereigns, and 12 shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Derby
               




            .
DANIEL DERBY. I live near Stourbridge, in Staffordshire. On the 28th of September I was with my boat, on the canal, near Harefield, in Middlesex


 - the boat was fastened there; I went to bed in the cabin - I awoke about one o'clock, and missed a flannel frock, a silk handkerchief, a pair of shoes, two sovereigns, and some silver- they had all been taken while I was in bed.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MARY ANN DANHAM
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Danham
               



            , of Uxbridge-moor. On the 1st of October Large brought this frock to my house, and told me to keep it till he fetched it away in the afternoon or evening - our house is about four miles from where the boat was; I believe there were one or two persons in the taproom with Large, but he came alone to the bar to leave the frock - Lawe came the next day, which was Sunday, for the frock; I did not let him have it - he was taken into custody at my house.


                  JOHN 
                  BIRCH
               



            . I produce the frock, which I got from Danham - I apprehended Large; he had a pair of shoes on, with nails in them - I brought him up to London, and when we arrived he had no shoes on; he had slipped them off in coming along the road - Cooper and several others were in his company when I took him - I found this handkerchief on his neck.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHERRY
               



            . I am a victualler, and live at Uxbridge. On the morning of the 1st of October the prisoners were in my tap-room - Large put on a jacket or frock, and Cooper said to him it would look well on the right one; Large said he would take care it did not go on him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Large's Defence. I was coming down the path by the canal, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, and picked up the frock, the shoes, and the handkerchief - I left them three days at Mr. Cherry's; I took a young man there, and asked if he would buy them - he said No.
LARGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
COOPER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
LOWE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
