





933. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     HUMPHRIES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of April
, 3 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Miller
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MILLER
               



            . I lodge at the Snow Shoes public-house, Hospital-row, Chelsea. I met the prisoner on Saturday night, the 31st of March - I walked about with her, and then went with her to No. 2, Mermaid-yard


; I went to bed with her, and was there all night; I had a purse with three sovereigns and some silver in my trouserspocket; we came out together in the morning, and when we got out I missed my money; we went back to the house; she pulled off her pocket, but there was nothing there - I then searched the bed, but there was nothing there; the mistress of the house said she was sure she must have it - the purse and three sovereigns were found in her hair; I had given her some money, but not the purse nor the sovereigns - I kept that in my trousers pocket, and put them under my head in the bed - she denied all knowledge of it.


                  MARIA 
                  ROWLING
               



            . I keep the house. The prosecutor and the prisoner passed the night there, and in the morning they came back; the prosecutor said he had lost his money; I searched the prisoner, and found three sovereigns and a purse in her hair - she at first denied any knowledge of them, but afterwards said he gave them to her.


                  HENRY 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            , (Police-constable, B 151.) I took the prisoner, and produce the purse and money - she said the prosecutor gave it her.
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me the money, but the landlady did not see him.




               GUILTY (of stealing only)
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
