





1075. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     SWINEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of March
, 1 silver tea-spoon, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     White
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am housemaid to Mrs. Jane White, of Euston-place, New-road


. I saw the prisoner by our kitchen door, and asked what he came for; he asked if I wanted to buy lemons - he had three in a basket; I asked why he came down the area - he said he was told to come down; I said I was certain he was not - Mrs. White, who heard me, came down; I missed the spoon, which I had seen safe ten minutes before - he was then talking to Mrs. White at the area gate; I said he had got the spoon - he immediately threw it down, saying, "That is all I have," and ran away; I went out and he was brought back - I said, "You have got a silver spoon;" he said, "I have not got it, but will show you where it is;" he picked it up in the area, and said, "Here it is, that is all I have taken."
Prisoner. Q. Was the kitchen door open or shut? A. Open when I saw you.


                  JOHN 
                  BIGMORE
               



            . I am a clerk. I was in the New-road; I heard a lady and White call out Stop thief! I saw the prisoner drop a basket, containing three lemons, and run across the road - I followed, and brought him back; he showed me the prosecutrix's house; White came out, and said, "You have got a spoon;" he said,"I have not got it, but will show you where it is;" he took it up in the area, and said it was through distress he had done it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took him in charge, and asked why he went down in the kitchen; he said he did not know.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was about knocking at the prosecutrix's door; a man came up and said, "If you want to sell your lemons, you must go down stairs;" I stood at the kitchen-door, and knocked - the wind blew it open; the witness asked where my licence was, and threatened to give me in charge, and I ran away, fearing to be given in charge for not having a licence.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
