




597. 




PHILIP FOSTER
 and 




MARY ANN CARSON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
9th of January, 1 box, value 1s.; and 591bs weight of candles, value 1l. 9s.; the goods of 



Benjamin Rabbeck.






WILLIAM CLAT
 (police-constable K 278.) On the 9th of January I saw Foster in company with two other men—they were going down the Mile-end-road trying to get something from the hind parts of carts—about half past seven o'clock I saw Foster near Dog-row—the prisoner Carion and some men were with him—Carson went to Mr. Rabbeck's shop door, and fixed herself in the door-way—she then went to the men again, who were near the Duke of Cambridge—Foster then went to three boxes which were on the pavement near the prosecutor's shop, and a truck near them—he went behind the three boxes, and Carson went to the shop door again—Foster then took up the smallest of the boxes and carried it in his arms across Dog-row—he was placing it between two carts, the shafts of which were joined together—I jumped over the shafts and said, "Phil, I want you"—he looked up and said, "I don't care, I can't starve"—I took Foster, and Sampel, who stands at the corner of the Dog-row with a stall, ran after the other two men—I had observed the prisoners seemed to be communicating something to each other, and at the time the box was removed Carson was at the door-way of the shop, as I thought, to take the attention of the person in the shop—I did not see her touch Foster—she followed me down to the station-house, and made use of very base language to the man who was carrying the box for me—I told her, if she did not hold her tongue, I would take her—she then went away—I went in an hour and a half afterwards, and took her in Whitechapel-road—I knew where to find her.

Foster. Q. Was I with two other men? A. Yes—I did not say toy thing to the men then, but at two o'clock the same day I had seen the two men, and said to them then, "What have you been doing down the road, for I am afraid there is something going on?" JAMES SAMPEL. I saw Foster lurking about—I went and told the policeman, and in two or three minutes Foster took the box of candles—Carson was about with him, and two other men, but I could not hear what they said.





BENJAMIN RABBECK
. I am an oil-man. This box belongs to me—it contains four dozens and eleven pounds weight of candles, and is worth 80i.—the boxes had just been delivered, and we were taking some candles out of one of them at the time.

FOSTER—


GUILTY
.* Aged 29.

CARSON—


GUILTY
.* Aged 19.




Transported for Seven Years.
