





2856. 




ELIZABETH THOMAS,



 ANN WATSON
, and 




JOHN ELLIOTT
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
2nd of October, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 hat, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 3d.; 1 knife, value 6d.; 1 key, value 4d.; 1 pencil-case, value 1d.; 1 pen-holder, value 1d.; and 2 5l. Bank notes, the goods and monies of 



Robert Foster, from his person.






ROBERT FOSTER
. I am a shipwright; I came by the brig John England, from Archangel. On the 2nd of October, I was in the King William public-house—I do not know where it is—the prisoner Elliott, who was a stranger, came in and asked if I knew a man of the name of William Hodgson—I said I knew him—Elliott said he was his brother—he sat down near me—I asked him to drink—he said he had been a fortnight here and his money was all gone—I said, "Never mind that"—I was very kind to him and took him to a cook-shop and gave him his dinner—we then went to the Barley Mow and had some beer—I laid my head down there, and went to sleep for perhaps half-an-hour or three quarters—a young man then awoke me, and I missed my watch and notes, and the property stated—when I went to sleep Elliott was with me, and I had all the property

safe—some of it was produced to me afterwards, and is now here—the prisoners Thomas and Watson were in the room when I went to sleep and when I awoke they were all gone.





ROBERT FITZGERALD
. I am a tailor, and live in Farmer-street Shadwell. I was at the Barley Mow public-house on the 2nd of October and saw Elliott with two 5l. notes in his hand, about half-past one o'clock—he asked me if the notes were good ones—I said they were Bank of England notes—he asked for change for one of them at the bar, and they had not change—the boy took one of them out, and brought back 6l.—they had made a mistake in the change—he gave the money to Elliott—Elliott told me he was his brother, and he had not seen him for two years—he asked me to go to the White Hart public-house with him and have something to drink—I told him I would not go, and he gave me a shilling—the two female prisoners were in company with Elliott when he changed the note—they were going in and out of the parlour—they all went out, and the women beckoned me to go, but I did not—they turned towards Gravel-lane—Thomas had a man's hat in her hand—Elliott was the last that went out of the place, and he told me he should be back shortly—I waited a few minutes, and then awoke the prosecutor, and asked him if that man was his brother—he said he had no brother—he then said he had lost his notes and watch—I ran out directly to the White Hart public-house—I did not find the prisoners there—I then went to the Ship public-house, where I found Elliott and Watson—I told Elliott the man had awoke, and said he was not his brother—Elliott came with me directly—I asked him if he had got the man's money in his pocket—he said he had, and he pulled out a 5l. note, a half-sovereign, and 3s. 6d.—I asked him where the other money was—he said he had lost it, or been robbed of it—he said, "I will give him all I have got left in my pocket"—Neat gave him into custody—I thought he had been the prosecutor's brother, or he should not have gone out of the house.





GEORGE NEAT
. I am waiter at the Barley Mow public-house. On the 2nd of October I saw the prosecutor asleep in our house, and the three prisoners were sitting close to him—I heard from the bar-maid that the prosecutor had been robbed—I told him to go with me to see if we could find the prisoners—he went—I saw Elliott, and I asked him where the man's money was—he pulled out a 5l. note and a half-sovereign, and gave to me—I said, "Where is the remainder?"—he said, "I have lost it"—I said, "If you don't give me the remainder I will give you in charge"—the officer came up and took him.





ROBERT AGAR
. I am pot-boy at the Barley Mow public-house. Elliott gave me a 5l. note to change—I gave him four sovereigns, a half-sovereign, and 10s. In silver.





ELEANOR MARTELL
. I am the wife of William Martell, and live in Shadwell. Elliott lodged with me for about a fortnight—on the 2nd of October he gave me three sovereigns in my hand—he said, "Martell, I will pay you"—I said, "Thank you, Elliott; where did you get this money?"—he said, "My brother lent it me"—I gave the money to the policeman in the evening.





JAMES MANN
. I am a policeman. I took Elliott into custody—he said on the way to the station-house that a girl gave him the money—(I had received the 5l. note and the half-sovereign from the witness)—he said he had lost the remainder—I found 3s. 6d. In his pocket, and a key—I got these three sovereigns from Martell.






GEORGE CARR
. I am a policeman. I went in search of the female prisoners, and found them in King David's-lane—I took them to the station-house—Thomas was fumbling about her bosom, I said, "What have you got there?"—she said, "I have got his watch; I took it from him, because no one else should take it."





DANIEL DERRIG
. I am a police-sergeant. I was on duty at the station-house—I saw the female prisoners there—I saw Watson hand a penknife to the prosecutor—she said, "Here is your knife which you gave me to cut my nails," and at the same time Thomas said, Here is your pencil-case some girl gave me"—I snatched it from her, and asked who the girl was—she said she did not know, but after that she said Watson gave it her, and Watson said, "Yes, I did"—they were put into the cell, and, in the course of the evening, I heard Watson say to Elliott, who was in the next cell, "You know you had the sovereigns at the lodging-house"—Elliott said, Yes, I know I had"—she then said, "What did you do with them?"—he said, I don't know"—she said, "You know you went up stairs as I was standing outside"—I have got 8l. 13s. 6d. In all.





ROBERT FOSTER

re-examined. This is my watch—the knife and pencil-case I cannot swear to, but I had such things in my pocket, and two 5l. notes—I never gave any of this property to any body.

THOMAS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

WATSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.




Transported for Ten Years.

ELLIOTT—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
