



2204. 




EDWARD CON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
4th of September, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 seal, value 6d.; 1 watch-key, value 1d.; and 1 fourpenny-piece, the goods and of monies of 



John Evenden.






JOHN EVENDEN
, about four o'clock on the 4th of September, I went on board the steamer coming from Gravesend to London—I had a watch at that time—I missed it in the course of three quarters of an hour—this is it.





ANN KILBY
. I was on board the Diamond steamer about five minutes before four o'clock on the Sunday—I go down on Saturdays with straw bonnets, and on Saturday night it rained, and I could not return—I came home on the Sunday, and saw the prosecutor on board, and the prisoner, and a woman—it began to rain, and we went into the cabin—the prosecutor was down, and the prisoner, and the woman, and I went down; and there was another person, who attends Gravesend-market with clothes—we sat on one side, and the prosecutor, the prisoner, and the woman on the other—they had a glass of rum—the prosecutor then said it was not raining, and he would rather be on deck—he went, and the woman and the prisoner followed him—I then followed—the prosecutor, not being accustomed to be on board, fell—the woman stumbled over him; and, upon their getting on their feet again, the prosecutor treated them with a glass of rum, and said he was very sorry to be the cause of her falling—a few minutes afterwards the prosecutor was going about the vessel, lamenting that he had lost his watch—several gentlemen asked him who he had been with—he said he did not know—I said there was a man and woman on board who he had been with, and I should know them again—I pointed them out—the

woman was searched first, but nothing was found on her but 2s.—we came on deck again, and I pointed out the prisoner—he said he had never been down in the cabin—I said, "Yes, you have, and had a glass of rum"—Mills said, "Well, it will do you no harm to empty your pockets"—they went down into the cabin—I was on the steps—the prisoner emptied his pockets into his hat, and he said, "Now are you satisfied?"—Mills said, "No, I am not quite satisfied; you have not emptied your right-hand great-coat pocket"—he then put his hand in his pocket, and brought out a pencil-case, and a knife, and handkerchief—he laid the handkerchief on the table in a careless manner—Mr. Mills took hold of the corner of it, and the watch fell from it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. The prosecutor had been drinking? A. Yes—he was not the worse for liquor—he said he had never been on board before—I did not see the prosecutor retire.

MR. DOANE to JOHN EVENDEN. Q. After you had been drinking, had you occasion to retire? A. No—I did not—I swear I recollect accurately what took place—I never missed my watch till I went to see what o'clock it was.





JOHN MILLS
. I have heard what has passed. I saw the watch found in the prisoner's pocket.
(Henry Setmore, horse-dealer, of Stroud; Thomas Lutford, chinaman, of Canterbury; and James Brooks, an earthenware-dealer, of Canterbury, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 19.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.



Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

