





1093. 
               
                  
                     MORRIS 
                     LONG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James Philip 
                           Bult
                        




                     
                  , and another, on the 25th of June
, and stealing therein, 1 wooden bowl, value 6d; and 206 pieces of foreign gold coin, value 98l., and 2 foreign notes of 500 francs each, value 19l. each, his property
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  CLARKE
               



            . I live with Mr. Bult, at No. 86, Cheapside


. On the 25th of June, about noon, I was in the counting-house; I heard the noise of the window breaking in the front-shop - in consequence of that I turned towards the window and saw the prisoner with hisarm thrust through a piece of glass which he had broken with his elbow; but I did not see him do it - I saw him draw out his arm, and take out a bowl full of foreign money, as specified in the indictment - there were 204 Dutch ducats, worth 9s. 6d. each, which come to 96l. 18s.; and two gold coins, two 500 franc notes, worth 19l. 10s. each - Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Phillip Bult
               



            , and two others are in the firm - in consequence of what I saw the prisoner do, I ran to the shop-door, but before I got out our porter had secured the prisoner and brought him into the shop with the property on him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILCOX
               



            . I am porter to the prosecutor. On the 25th of June, I saw the prisoner break the window with his elbow - he put his arm in and lifted up the bowl from the bottom of the window - he walked away with it towards the Mansion-house - I ran out and collared him, and brought him back into the shop with the bowl in his hand - we sent for the officer and had him taken; we put one or two questions to him, but he would not answer.


                  JAMES 
                  BATES
               



             (City police-constable No. 44). I was sent for and took the prisoner - this bowl was delivered to me; it had foreign money in it.


                  GEORGE 
                  FREDERICK BULT
               



            . I live in Cheapside; the house is my brother's, 
               
                  James 
                  Phillip Bult
               



            , and my own, but there is another partner
 in the firm, and the rent and taxes are paid by the firm - two servants belonging to the firm sleep in the house.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
