



568. 




GEORGE TARSEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of January, 2 sacks, value 3s.; 14 bushels of oats, value 2l. 5s.; 4 trusses of hay, value 12s.; I head-stall and reins, value 2s.; 9 halters and bridles, value 3s.; 4 rugs, value 2s.; and 1 circingle, value 1s.; the goods of William Chaplin.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM BOARD
. I was at a trial here on Tuesday; on account of my brother; I am a farmer, and live at Edmonton. On the 10th of January I was on the Edmonton-road, about ten o'clock in the morning—I met the prisoner coming from London, with a horse and cart, within about one hundred yards of the six mile stone—the cart was loaded partly with dung—I and my brother were riding in a gig—I got out, and asked the prisoner what he was loaded with—he said, "Dung"—I said, "Any thing else?"—he said, "No"—I asked if he had been to London for dung—he said "Yes," and he had loaded in Holborn—he said, "We sometimes take turnips, and sometimes greens; and when we have nothing else to do, we go and fetch dung"—I sent my brother for the constable—I walked by the side of the prisoner's cart—when we got to Tanner's End, the prisoner was met by his father, Thomas Tarsey, who lives there—the father and the prisoner, and the horse and cart, all went into the yard, and the horse was taken out—Camp, the constable, then came, and the cart was overhauled—there was a little long dung taken off first, and then there was a sack, with some corn in it; then there was a layer of dung, and then a sack or two, and then the other articles stated—among other articles, we found some posting bills of Mr. Chaplin's—this is one of them—it is of the Defiance fast coach—we found two sacks, about two quarters of oats, four trusses of hay, this head-stall, and these other things, belonging to Mr. Chaplin, and a great many other things which are not Mr. Chaplin's—the prisoner's father went away with the horse from the cart, and I believe, was not seen any more—the prisoner was taken.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. I apprehend you have seen many such posting bills as these? A. Yes; In different parts—I believe two or three persons assisted to unload the cart—I believe this prisoner commenced his father made off.





JOHN CAMP
. I am the constable. I was sent for and went to Thomas Tarsey's house—when I went into the yard I saw the cart—the prisoner was standing by—I asked what he had got in the cart?—he said, "A load of dung"—I asked him if he would unload it—he said, "Yes, I will, now you are come; but I would not for Mr. Board"—he got up, and began to unload the dung, and then threw off a sack of chaff; then some more dung, and then some oats—he then said, "If you want any more off, you may get it off yourselves"—Mr. Board and another got off the things that are here

—I asked the prisoner whose property they were, and he said, "Not Mr. Board's"—that was all I could get out of him—one of the sacks had the name of "Chaplin" on it, and one the name of "Wright"—I saw him searched, and a number of way-bills were found on him of the Angel-inn, St. Clement's—I went to look for old Tarsey, but could not find him.





RICHARD CARTER
. I searched the prisoner, and found the way-bills on him—I have had the care of this property.





WILLIAM WINCH
. I am foreman to Mr. William Chaplin, the large coach proprietor—he is proprietor of the Angel-yard, behind St. Clement's On Sunday, the 11th of January, I went to the watch-house at Edmonton, and saw this property—one sack has the name of Chaplin on it, and one the name of Wright—this sack, marked Chaplin, I am sure is Mr. Chaplin's—Mr. Wright was the proprietor of the White Horse, in Fetter-lane, and Mr. Chaplin bought the sacks of him—I see to the whole management of the Angel-yard—these oats are Archangel and Irish, mixed, and tares in them—I have compared what were found in the cart, and what was on our premises, and I have no doubt they are the same—there were three bridles missing, such as these, but I could not swear to them—our watchman has run away—some one came about four o'clock in the morning, to the yard, who was supposed to be the prisoner—I have brought one rug to match with these which were found, they are the same—he could not have got these way-bills but at the Angel.

Cross-examined. Q. Are not these blank way-bills? A. Yes; it is not unusual in stables to have Archangel oats, but not such a mixture as this—I have been in stables all over England.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were these things all together? A. Yes, in the same place.

Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Boards took a string out of his pocket, and began to measure the wheels of the cart—he said he had suspicion that I had stolen his hay—when I threw off the dung, I threw the four trusses of hay first, and then the corn, and he says I threw the corn first.
(James Rance, a labourer, at Edmonton, and Joseph Halliday, of Bury-street, Bloomsbury, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
