




1796. 




JAMES DUNN
 and 



MARGARET DEAN
 were indicted for

 feloniously, falsely making and counterfeiting 2 pieces of coin, resembling and apparently intended to resemble sixpences, on the 
6th of July, at 
St. Luke.



MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution. WILLIAM REYNOLDS. I am an officer. In consequence of information,

on the 6th of July, in company with Duke and Ashton, I proceeded to a house in Williams'-buildings, French-alley, Goswell-street, about three o'clock in the afternoon—I found the street-door open—the parlour door was fast inside—I forced it open, and saw the male prisoner sitting by the side of the fire, on a chair, and the female sitting on a stool by the table, in front—on the right-hand-side, the male prisoner's wife and child laid in bed—I laid hold of the male prisoner, and caught him in my arms—he immediately stooped, put his right-hand down, and seized a poker—I said, "James, it is of no use, you may as well put it down'—at the same time, from his left hand he dropped something white, which he was breaking with his feet—it turned out afterwards to be a plaster-of-Paris mould—took up part of the mould, which was quite hot at the time—also a counterfeit sixpence, which was very hot, among the plaster-of-Paris.

Dunn. The door was not fast, it was nearly off its hinges. Witness I was obliged to use the crow-bar to get it open—the man's hands were dirty as if with working with metal over the fire—I produce the sixpence.





WILLIAM BAKER ASHTON
. I am a police-sergeant. I accompanied Reynolds and the others to the house—I saw Reynolds force the door open with his shoulder—when I got into the room I found the man standing up, and Reynolds having hold of him—the female was sitting on a stool close to the table, facing the man—I saw a counterfeit sixpence, found on the floor by Reynolds—it was near the man, and about two feet from the woman—I found on the fire a ladle with metal in it, in a melted state—on searching the room, I found a tin band with plaster-of-Paris adhering to it, in a tub of water; and another band with plaster-of-Paris to it, on a chest of drawers—I found this holder for the mould—I saw Duke find some metal on the table, and some on the floor near where they were sitting—I remained there till they were taken into custody—the man's right-hand was very dirty—the first and second fingers were very black as if he had been working over the fire, and had plaster-of-Paris round the nails as if he had been working with it.





ROBERT DUKE
. I accompanied the witnesses to the place—I searched the room, and on the table in front of the fire, found a counterfeit sixpence in an unfinished state, and on the same table some pieces of metal and a file, with white metal and plaster-of-Paris in the teeth of it—a pair of scissors with plaster-of-Paris on them—this piece of rag with a quantity of plaster-of-Paris on it, and this piece of ribbon which exactly fits the tin-band as if it had tied it—I found a bowl with a quantity of plaster-of-Paris in it, and under the fire-place part of a mould among some wet ashes—I went with them to Hatton Garden office—I did not hear the male prisoner say any thing—his hands were very dirty, and his breeches were stained in several places with plaster-of-Paris.





WILLIAM HALL
. I accompanied the other officers—when I got into the room I took charge of the prisoners—I produce the mould, which I saw Reynolds pick up.

Dunn. Q. I should like to know what money you let Duke have that morning? A. None; nor did I see him have any.





MARY ANN NEWMAN
. I am a widow, and live in Williams'-buildings. I was employed by Mr. Bruce to let the rooms where the prisoners were—I let the room in question to the male prisoner and his wife, on or about the 6th of July, about nine days before the officers came there—I never

saw the female prisoner living with them—I never saw her there before to my recollection—I live next door.
l Dunn. It was not me that took the room, it was my wife; and she took it of a gentleman. Witness. I showed both of them the room—I referred them to the rent gatherer, and Dunn came to me afterwards for the key, which I gave him.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint. I have examined both these sixpences—they are both counterfeit, and have been cast in the same mould—I have carefully examined the two sixpences, with part of this mould, and am of opinion they were produced from it—I have no doubt of it, as it has the impression of the reverse side of a sixpence, corresponding in all respects with the two counterfeit sixpences—the sixpences require a portion of the metal to be removed by a file—the metal in the ladle is of a similar sort to the counterfeit sixpences, and the metal in the paper is the same—the bands are what are generally used for making plaster-of-Paris moulds—one appears to have been made in this band—the plaster-of-Paris is the same as the moulds are made with.

Dunn. The woman had not been three minutes in the place—she came to give my mistress a drop of something to drink.

DUNN—


GUILTY
. Aged 40—


Transported For Life.

DEAN—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

