



640. 




JOHN MOLLE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
18th of January, 1 coat, value 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 7s.; 1 shirt, value 5s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; and 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; the goods of 



Frederick Kemp: 1 coat, value 30s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; and 1 card-case, value 1s.; the goods of 



Stephen Burridge.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



Thomas Edwards.






FREDERICK KEMP
. I live near Preston, in Lancashire. I was residing for two or three days at the Golden Cross. On the 18th of January I lost the property stated from my own private bed-room, No. 16, some was on a chair, and some hung up behind the door—I saw it safe about a quarter, before six o'clock that evening—I went out, returned about eleven o'clock, and the landlord told me something—I saw my property at the office the next morning—this is it—(looking at it.)





SARAH JONES
. I am chamber-maid at the Golden Cross. Mr. Kemp was lodging at No. 16—I saw these clothes there—I knew nothing of the prisoner till I saw him run up stairs on the evening of the 18th, about a quarter to seven o'clock—I asked him if he would accept of a candle—he made me no reply—I could not recognize him as stopping at the house; but as he was going up, I thought he was going to sleep there—he was up stairs a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes—I called the waiter to take my seat, and I then went up and searched two or three rooms, but could not find him—I was then coming down, and met him coining from the second story, where No. 16 is—I said, "Where have you come from?"—he made no answer, but looked at me—I said, "You have not got the clothes on that you had when you went up"—he made no reply, but looked at me again—he had a cigar in his mouth—I called the waiter, and we asked the prisoner where he came from—he said, "From No. 27."—I said I knew that was not right—he then said No. 37—we knew there was a lady and gentleman there—the waiter then said, "Show me where

you came from," and he took us to No. 16—he then took off his Mackintosh and this coat, and said, "Let me go"—the waiter said, "No, I will call my master"—all this property was found on him—he had not left any of his own clothes there, but put these things on over them.





THOMAS SMITH
. I am waiter at the Golden Cross. All that the chambermaid has said is correct.





EDWARD HOLDEN
 (City police-constable, No. 211.) I took the prisoner—he had this shirt in his hat, and the waistcoat in his trowsers pocket—he pulled it out himself.
The prisoner, in a long address, stated that he was a native of Hambro'—he had been, enticed into a gambling-house where he had lost his all, and that on the day stated he followed two men who were speaking his language into the hotel, and seeing the door open he took the property, intending to restore it.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
