





372. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of December
, 1 syringe, value 20s.; 1 box, value 1s.; 16 yards of ribbon, value 10s.; 4 yards of sarcenet, value 5s.; 150 needles, value 10d.; 8 ozs. weight of sewing-cotton, value 11d., and 12 sheets of wadding, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Close
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  CLOSE
               



            . I live at Walthamstow, and am a carrier
. On the 21st of December I was on my way to Walthamstow, with my cart, in the Hackney-road


 - I drew up to the Rising Sun public-house, went in there, and left my cart at the door; I returned in an instant, and in consequence of information I looked at my cart, and missed two parcels - I ran towards Shoreditch, and saw a man running, but I could not perceive that he had a parcel; his back was towards me - I raised an alarm; I put my cart in the care of a person, and then went in search of the supposed thief - I have seen my parcels since; I had one from Mr. Stevens, Old' Change, and the other from Mr. Rotherham's; I am responsible for these parcels - these are them; they are directed, and were packed in this manner when I called for them.
Prisoner. He stated at the office that he saw a man running, who dropped a parcel on the other side of the way. Witness. I saw a man in Union-street after I had raised an alarm, and I saw a man crossing the road with a parcel; I returned to my cart.


                  THOMAS 
                  SHIPWAY
               



            . I live in Hackney-road, and am a farrier. On the night of the 21st of December, I was in Hackney-road, at the corner of Crabtree-row; I heard a cry of Stop thief! and about a hundred yards further I saw a mob of people running; I saw a man running with a parcel - I pursued him; he dropped it near a baker's shop door, and turned into Crabtree-row - I then returned, took up a parcel, and pursued him down Union-street; when I got half-way down I lost sight of him -I staid there, and the people told me to take the parcel to the station-house; the prisoner was afterwards brought to me by the officer, but he was not the man that dropped the parcel - he was a stouter man than the prisoner, and rather taller; I saw two running, but only the face of one - the prisoner was not the man who dropped the parcel which I took up; the other man had a parcel, but I do not know that it was the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 21st of December I was on duty near Crabtree-row; I heard the cry of Stop thief! I ran in the direction of the Rising Sun public-house, and met the prisoner running by a baker's shop - I met him at the corner of the house; I attempted to stop him - he dropped the parcel; I pursued him down Crabtree-row - I secured him, and found the parcel in possession of a boy, who had taken it up where I saw it dropped - I had not lost sight of the prisoner; he was in the path, and I in the road - when I got level with him he set his back against the wall, and said, "What are you going to do with me? I have done nothing;" Shipway gave me this other parcel.
Prisoner. If I were on my dying bed I could say I never had the parcel in my hand. Witness. Yes, he had the parcel - I have been applied to, to prove an alibi, saying it would be advantageous to me.


                  THOMAS 
                  MEEK
               



            . I am the son of George Meek, and live in Hackney-road. I found the parcel near a baker's shop, at the corner of Crabtree-row; I gave it to the officer, and went to the station with the prisoner.


                  DANIEL 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am apprentice to Daniel Stevens, Sen., of Old' Change, Cheapside. On the 19th of December the carrier brought this syringe to be repaired, which was done; I packed it up again, and it was given to the carrier to take to Walthamstow.


                  URIAH 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am shopman to Rotherham and Co. This other parcel was sent from their shop to go to Walthamstow.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent; I had not left work twenty minutes, and was going home.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
