



376. 




JAMES EYANS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of December, 1 lamb, price 1l. 8s., the property of 



Eliza Brook.—2nd COUNT for killing the same, with intent to steal the carcass; and that he had' been before convicted of felony.






SAMUEL CRAMPTON
. I am bailiff to Mrs. Eliza Brook» a widow, who has a farm at Friern Barnett. I saw her lambs safe about ten o'clock in the morning, on Friday, the 13th of December, and on Saturday afternoon, the 14th, I sent a boy to count them, and he told me they were all right—on Sunday morning, I went to give them some hay, and I missed one lamb—I searched to see if I could find it, as I thought it was hung in the bushes, but could not—I then searched for footsteps, but could not find any till I came to a gap in the hedge, and there I saw the marks of the feet of the lamb over the gap—I then traced it across three or four fields, and up to the prisoner's door—there are no other inmates in his house but his wife and family—his eldest son is seven or eight years old—I went to the policeman—we went to the house and found the lamb, the skin,

the head, the entrails, and part of the breast was cooked—this is the skin—(examining one)—it is the skin of the lamb I lost, and is the property of Eliza Brooks—here is the red mark on it.

Prisoner. There are thousands of sheep marked in this manner—there is no pitch-mark on it. Witness. Here is the head of the lamb, and that I could swear to from a thousand—it was a particular lamb that I had in the flock, and a very handsome one.





THOMAS MAY
 (police-constable S 50.) I went to the prisoner's house—there are no lodgers there—I saw this head and skin found, and part of the meat, and some cooked meat—I observed the traces from the field to the prisoner's door.





JOHN SMITH
. I am a horse-patrol. I went with the officer and the witness on the Sunday, and traced the sheep to the prisoner's door—I requested to search the house, and found a breast of mutton cooked, and a quantity of fat on a plate in the cupboard—I asked the prisoner how he came in possession of the mutton that was cooked—his wife said they bought it at Southgate—I looked about, and in a secret place I found the rest of the lamb hanging up, the head by the side of it—in a pan there were two quarts of congealed blood, and under the pan the entrails of the sheep rolled up in the skin—it was in a secret cupboard in a dark part—I could not at first find any way into it—I pulled with all my strength, and a button gave way inside the door—it was latticed up to let air in, and fastened in a way I never saw before—the lamb was not quite cold.





JAMES GIBBS
. I was desired to go and count the sheep on the Saturday, and they were all right—there were fifty-one—I counted them three or four times—and on Sunday one was missing.





JOHN MILLER
. I am a carrier. I was a constable—I was present at the prisoner's former trial in this Court for stealing a calf—he received sentence of death, but it was altered to one year's imprisonment, and to be whipped—I produce the certificate of his conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 50.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
