





Before Mr. Baron Bolland.
55. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS WILLIAM 
                     FRICKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, 1 snuff-box, value 5l. 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Barclay
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BARCLAY
               



            . I live in Hornsey-lane


. About a month ago, on a Saturday, I left my snuff-box on the dining-room mantle-piece at nine o'clock, and it was missed at twelve, by the servant - the end of my dining-room looks into the garden, and the side of it into the road; on coming home in the afternoon, I observed footmarks at both ends of the room, and marks which proved somebody must have got into the dining-room through the window - mine is the last house towards Crouch-end, on the right-hand side; a person coming over the fields could get into my garden - I think the footmarks were too small to be the prisoner's; they were evidently the footmarks of a boy; the box was presented to me - I understand ten guineas were given for it, but a jeweller fixed the value at the least, at five guineas.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STILES
               



            . I am a silversmith, and live in Tottenham-court-road. The prisoner came to my shop on Saturday, the 20th of November, about six o'clock in the evening, and laid on the counter a very handsome silver snuff-box, requesting to knw what it was, and what it was worth; I asked him who it belonged to - he said it belonged to the mate of an East Indiaman; I asked how the mate came by it - he said the mate's father left it him; I asked him where the mate lived - he said down at the east-end of the town, and if I disputed his word, he would leave the box, and go and fetch him - I said he must not go away till he had given some better account of it, and said it was very strange that he came from the east to the west, as there were so many shops between, and I did not believe his account - I came round the counter to look for a Policeman; I looked out at the door, but could not see one, and while my back was turned, the prisoner rushed by me out at the door, and run away; I followed, and overtook him about fifty yards off - we had rather a violent struggle, and at last got him back to my shop; I am sure the box is worth more than five guineas - I would give that for it myself, as a second-hand box.


                  GEORGE 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am a Policeman. I received him in charge, and asked him where he got the box; he said a man gave it to him outside - I asked if he knew the man; he said he had seen him once before, but did not know his name, nor where he lived.(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s.
             Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
