




201. 




JAMES THOMPSON
 and 




HENRY SIMPSON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
31st of October, 5 1/2 yards of printed merinos, value 3s. 6d.; and 9 1/2 yards of printed cotton, value 6s. 6d., the goods of 



Jonas Binns; and that Thompson had been before convicted of felony.






JONAS BINNS
. I am a linen-draper, and live at Kensington. I lost a morine gown-piece, and some cotton, worth 1l. together—I saw them safe on Thursday morning, the 31st of October, in my window, within reach of a person standing on the top step of the door—I missed them about eleven o'clock.






ANN BINNS
. I am eighteen years old—I live with my father. On the 31st of October Thompson came into the shop about eleven o'clock, and asked for some thread—I had none of the right colour—I missed the property shortly after—I should not like to swear to Thompson, but feel confident it was him.





THOMAS SWAIN
 (police-constable T 130.) On Thursday, the 31st of October, I saw the prisoners in Brook-green-lane, Hammersmith, about twenty yards from each other, coming in the direction from the prosecutor's house—they had each a bundle—I went up to Thompson, and asked what be bad there—he said he bad got a gown, and was taking it to his mother's—I turned round and saw Simpson run away with the other bundle—I sent somebody after him—I found on Thompson this gown piece.





JOHN JONES
. I was in company with Rice, a constable, on the 31st of October, about one o'clock, in Brook-green-lane—I saw the prisoner. Simpson running from a hedge—a man named Price ran after him, and took him, in my sight—I went over the hedge, and found this gown-piece wrapped up in this towel—it was just over the hedge, where the prisoner had run—he said he got it near the turnpike at Nottinghill.
(Property produced and worn to.)





JAMES SMITH
. I produce the certificate of Thompson's former conviction—I got it from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at the trial of Thompson—he is the person mentioned in the certificate—(read.)

THOMPSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years—Convict Ship.

SIMPSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.—



Confined Six Months.
