





809. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of April
, 1 sovereign, 2 shillings, and 5 pence the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Price
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
CHARLES PRICE. I am a tailor
. I have known the prisoner two years. I met him on the 8th of April, and went and treated him at a public-house in Bruton-street


; I took out my money to pay - I had a sovereign in my right hand waistcoat pocket, and about 1l. worth of silver - when we came out of the house, he caught hold of my arm, and felt him putting his hand into my waistcoat pocket - I fell and missed my money; I said, "Give me my money, and I will say no more about it;" he said, "If you say robbed you, I will knock your bl-y head off," and he ran against me and knocked me down - I am sure I had the sovereign when I was in the house, as I had pulled out instead of 1s.; I gave an alarm, and the Policeman caught the prisoner running away - the sovereign was found upon him.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. You knew the prisoner very well? A. Yes - I treated him because he said he had no money, and he asked me to treat him; I did not know where he lived; I had been at my brother's, where I had a glass of rum and peppermint - that was about four o'clock; I had not drank any porter - I had been at Westminster that morning, but I do not believe I met any female there; I never told a man named Jones that I had been robbed of 1l. 5s. by two women at Westminster, on at any other place - I do not know a man of the name of Smith; I never said that two girls had attempted to take my money, and I thought they had robbed me of 1l. 5s.


                  JOSEPH 
                  STANNARD
               



            . I was on duty, and heard a cry of Stop thief! - I ran after the prisoner, caught him, and held him till the prosecutor came up, who said he had picked his pocket of a sovereign and some silver - the prisoner denied it; I asked the prosecutor if he was sure of it - he said Yes; I asked the prisoner what he had in his pocket - he said some halfpence; I searched him, and found a sovereign, 2s., and some halfpence - he ran the length of a street, and I took him.
Cross-examined. Q. What street was it in? A. Marylebone-street, a great thorougfare - it was half-past seven o'clock in the evening; it was getting dark - I was about twenty yards from the first person I saw running the prisoner is the man I took back to the prosecutor, and he said he was the man who robbed him; the prosecutor certainly was not sober, but he could give his evidence very well before the Magistrate, and we went before him in about a quarter of an hour - he did not at first say he had lost 1l. 5s.; he said a sovereign - I said, "Search your pockets, and see if you have it," and he did; he was satisfied of it himself, but I made him feel for fear he should be wrong.
Prisoner's Defence. My witness was here yesterday, and the officer said he would take him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  STANNARD
               



            . There was a young man wished to give evidence before the Magistrate, but his conduct was so had he was turned out - he laid hold of the prosecutor, and said if he attempted to say any thing against the prisoner, he would knock his bl-y head off.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
