





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
594. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     LEE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, 1 sheet, value 7s., and 2 shifts, value 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Haynes
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  SOPHIA 
                  HAYNES
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Haynes
               



             - he lives in Goswell-road


. The prisoner was about eight weeks in my service - this duplicate of the property were found in the kitchen by my char-woman; it had been taken from a drawer and a box.


                  FRANCIS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two shifts, pawned by a woman, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Lee
               



             - I cannot say who, but this is the duplicate I gave; one of the shifts is in an apron belonging to the prisoner, and the other in a handkerchief belonging to the prosecutor.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SOUTH
               



            . I am char-woman to the prosecutor. I picked up four duplicates in the kitchen, and gave them to my mistress.


                  MARY 
                  ANN MAY
               



            . The prisoner asked me about these duplicates on the 11th of January, the day they were found; I said I knew nothing about them.


                  RICHARD 
                  STEPHENS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a sheet, pawned by a woman, I cannot say who; I gave her this duplicate, in the name of Ann Lee.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was forced, by the death of my husband, to pawn many things of my own; I took the duplicates with me, and lost them after I had been there three weeks; the servant desired me to put on one of my mistress' shifts one day when we were washing, but I am innocent of taking her things.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
