







785. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BAKER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     MAY
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of April
, 3 shawls, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William Barwick 
                  Brown
               




            .


                  GEORGE 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am in the employ of William Barwick Brown, of No. 104, Minories


. On the 3rd of April, between three and four o'clock, the prisoners came into the shop together, and looked some at shawls; no other customers were near them; I showed them a great many shawls - they bought none; I observed Baker move her clothes, which caused me to suspect them - they left without buying any thing, and I missed one shawl; one of them said the shawl was for her mother, and they agreed that the mother should come herself about it - I went after them, and found them together ten or twelve yards off; Baker dropped three shawls as I tapped her on the shoulder - I took them back; I am certain all the shawls were master's; they had a private mark on them - they said nothing.


                  JOSEPH 
                  STONE
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for - the prisoners denied the charge; the shawls were delivered to me.(Property produced and sworn to).
May's Defence. I was not with Baker when the gentleman came up to her - she was by herself.
Davis's Defence. This young woman asked me to go with her to buy a shawl; I did not know what she had done.
BAKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MAY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
DAVIS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
