





1558. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     NEEDHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of July
, 12 spoons, value 9s.; 24 tweezers, value 11s., and 4 pairs of cutting nippers, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Johnson
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  WALKER MOORE
               



            . I am a clerk to Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Johnson
               



            , who is in the general Birmingham line
, at No. 87, Queen-street, Cheapside


. The prisoner came there on the 20th of July, between four and five o'clock - he said he wanted some needles; I said we had none, but could get them from Birmingham for him - he then asked to look at some pistols; he remained some time, and looked out several parcels of goods - I was making a memorandum of the goods he had looked out, and while doing that I saw him put something into his pocket - Mr. Johnson then came in; the prisoner asked for some other articles - I went to get them, went to Mr. Johnson's desk, and wrote on a bit of paper that I suspected the prisoner had got something in his pocket - he then looked at some things, and said he would call in half an hour and pay for them, and we were to make out the account in the mean time - he walked out, Mr. Johnson followed him into the street; he returned, and said if I was not long in making the account he would stop and take them - I made out the account; he looked at it, handed it to Mr. Johnson, and said he had not the money, but he knew what Mr. Johnson wanted, he wanted a deposit, and he would leave it - Mr. Johnson said, "No, you have been robbing me;" the prisoner had been taking the parcels out of his pocket while I made the account.
Prisoner. Q. What did I say? A. You said you wanted some needles - I do not recollect your saying if I would show you some samples, you would go to another place; this parcel of tweezers is not part of what you looked out - what you looked at laid on the counter.
COURT. Q. Did you see him take any of the parcels from his pocket? A. I saw one parcel, and Mr. Johnson put them aside.


                  ROBERT 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . This is my property. I saw the prisoner in the warehouse, and the witness serving him - he wrote on a piece of paper, and I watched the prisoner very closely, expecting he would take more goods, and I intended, while he was doing so, to charge him with it - I afterwards saw him take from his pocket a parcel of plated spoons, one of tweezers, and some cutting nippers; he had in the meantime walked to the door as if intending to quit the warehouse - he had not said any thing to me before that about these parcels; he was quite a stranger.
Prisoner. Q. Were there not more spoons than these? A. No, not where you were putting these down - the rest were all open; it was from ten minutes to a quarter of an hour after you returned back that you put them down, and you staid about ten minutes longer - you had looked out the greater part of the things before I came into the warehouse - I refused to show you any goods.
COURT. Q. Had he dealt there before? A. I did not know him, he might have been there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a constable, and took the prisoner. These are the parcels of different articles.
Prisoner. Q. Did you search me? A. Yes, and found 8s., but no goods on you; you said you had a 50l. note to go and get change.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  HENRY 
                  WALKER MOORE
               



            . These goods were to be paid for by ready money; he selected 19l. or 20l. worth.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
