





1940. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     KELLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of August
, 1 hat, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Hong
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .
CHARLES HONG. I live at Mr. Jones', the Two Brewers', public-house, Leadenhall-market


. On the 1st of August, about ten o'clock at night, the prisoner came in and called for a glass of porter; my hat hung by the yard door, in the passage - he asked me to show him backwards: he would pass my hat - he came out of the yard, drank part of his porter, and wanted me to take the rest; I saw some bulk under his coat, and suspected him - he left the house, and in half a minute I missed my hat; I went and overtook him about ten yards off - he ran about two hundred yards; I followed, and saw him stop, then walk on a few paces, and pull my hat from under his coat - I immediately collared him, and gave him in charge; he had his own hat on.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I took it by mistake, being intoxicated. Witness. He was perfectly sober.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PECK
               



            . I am a constable. I received him in charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GLEED
               



            . I am an officer. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction - (read) - I was present in this Court when he was convicted, and know he is the man.
Prisoner's Defence. I had come out of the House of Correction that morning, after eight months' confinement, and not having drank any beer there, the spirits I took had got effect on me; I do not know what occurred.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
