





797. 
               
                  
                     JOHANNA 
                     COLEMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of April
, 4 half-crowns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Millward
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM MILLWARD. I have been in the East India Company's service for thirty-nine years. On the 22nd of April, I was in the Black Horse, Well-street


, about half-past three o'clock - I saw the prisoner there - I had six half-crowns in my purse - I took it out to pay for what I had, and left the purse on the table - the prisoner drew it off into her apron.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRINGTON
               



            . I lived at the Black Horse. I was in the tap, and saw the prosecutor take a glass of gin at the bar - he then went into the tap-room to have a pint of ale - he gave me a shilling, and I brought him 9d. - he put his purse down to take the change, and the prisoner put her arm over the purse, and took it into her apron - Icould see she was taking the money out of it under the table, she put it into her pocket - she then put the empty purse into a basket - I told some persons what I had seen, and my mistress told me to tell my master - I told him - he came into the tap-room, and said to the prisoner, "If you do not give the man his money, I will send for the policeman" - she said she had no money but her own.
Prisoner. Q. Why did not you take the purse from me? A. I was afraid.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MILLARD
               



             (police-constable U 46). I was called to take the prisoner - I found on her four half-crowns; two in her mouth, and two in her pocket - the purse was in the prosecutor's basket - he was tipsy.
Prisoner. As he was taking me to the station-house, he said, "Go back and get something the man can swear to, or else you will be done - the money will not do."


                  EDWARD 
                  HARRINGTON
               



            . I was sitting in the tap-room - I saw the prosecutor take his purse out, and take a shilling to pay for the ale - I saw the prisoner put something into her mouth, but I could not see what it was - it almost choked her - it seemed to be silver.




               GUILTY* of stealing, but not from the person
            . - Aged 49.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
