



723. 




JOHN COE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of January, at 
St. John, at Hackney, 1 mare, value 4l., the property of 



Robert Trindal.






ROBERT TRINDAL
. I lost a mare-pony from a field at Hackney, on the 21st of January—I fed it the night before—it was worth four guineas—I found it in the possession of a boy, at Romford, the same day, rather before twelve o'clock in the morning—it was twelve miles from Hackney—I had a communication with Smith about it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Where was the pony kept? A. In London-field—it is enclosed rather—it is railed round, but the gate was open, it was not secured as a private field—I had seen the pony safe the night before—it had been there almost a fortnight—there were other horses there—London-field is what they call a very short bite—it might stray to get better grass.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I live at the King Harry's Head public-house, Mile-end—I deal in horses, and any thing live or dead. On Wednesday, the 21st of January, I was going by the Rabbit-stables at Ilford, and was asked to go and look at a pony—I went and saw the prisoner—he said nothing to me particularly—he rode the pony—a person had asked me to look at the pony for him, as he was about purchasing it, but he had not money enough—I asked who the pony belonged to, and he called the prisoner out of the public-house—he came out, smoking his pipe, into the stable—I said to the man, "Get on the pony and ride it," which he did—I went on my business, and afterwards going along the road, I bought the pony of the prisoner, and paid him 50s. for it, except 1s., which was spent—I gave him the money—I asked him why he sold it—he said it belonged to his father, who had bought it at Smithfield-market, and was taken in with it—that it was not strong enough for him; and he had come from Bethnal-green—I said, "Go to the public-house and write your address, and I will pay you for it"—he said he could not write, but would make his cross to the paper—I suppose the pony might be worth 3l.—it was lame—after paying the prisoner the money, I said, "Are you going to Romford?"—he said no, he had no business there, he should return home—I gave the pony up to Trindal when he claimed it in the market—it was detained a week at the Golden Lion at Romford, for me to find the person—the prisoner put his mark to the paper in my presence—the landlady gave me the paper—the bill says (reading) "Bought of John Green, a brown mare, for 2l. 10s., lives at Thomas-street, Bethnal-green"—I gave the pony up to Trindal, who claimed it in the market—the prisoner put his mark to the paper.

Cross-examined. Q. Is there any body here who was present when this took place? A. No; the Magistrate said there were witnesses enough—I buy either live or dead horses—I never buy what I suspect is improperly come by—I would not do it knowingly—I was not at Romford market till twelve o'clock, but the pony was in the market before that—a lad was offering it for sale, who I had with me on other business—I did not try to

sell it—I had not come to the market, and the boy did not know the price—he was to stop there till I came—I had two more horses there—it was put where the horses were for sale—I was taken into custody—I went to liberate my lad, hearing he was detained—I went voluntarily with Trindal, the proprietor—I was taken before the Magistrate—I do not know that I was in custody—I was asked how I got it—I did not tell the Magistrate I got it of a man very much marked with the small-pox and red whiskers—I said it was a young man of fair complexion—I was never charged with horse-stealing—I have been charged with having horses in my possession, but I have always found a man to come forward—I cannot tell how long it is since I was in custody on that charge—the last case was in Smithfield—it was on a wrong charge—a policeman came and owned a horse I had to sell, but it turned out not to be the horse that he had information about—he kept me in custody one night—I was never in custody at any other time—I had bought the horse, and paid for it—I know the man I bought it of—this receipt was not written by myself, but by a man termed "Harlequin Billy"—I never said I bought it of a man marked with the small-pox and red whiskers.





GEORGE DAVY
. I am ostler at the Rabbits. I saw the prisoner there this day six weeks, about a quarter to eight o'clock in the morning, with a mare pony—he asked me if I was ostler—I said, "Yes"—he asked me to give the pony a feed of corn—Smith came in about an hour afterwards—before he came, two young men came up, and wanted to buy it—Smith was coming by, and the young men called him to look at the pony—it was taken out of the stable, and rode by the prisoner, and afterwards put in the stable again, and shortly after they went away.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see a man there with red whiskers? A. I saw the prisoner—I do not remember a man with red whiskers, and marked with the small-pox—I know the prisoner, and can swear to him—I was very busy—I should know the two young men—I do not know that they had red whiskers—I had seen the one, who called Smith, to take the pony before—I had never seen the prisoner before—I cannot tell the colour of any of their whiskers.





JAMES ROBINSON
. I live in Type-street, Bethnal-green. The prisoner worked for me more than twelve months—he carried my sand sometimes—he was a very honest person all the while he was in my employ—I know Smith, and recollect his coming to my house to inquire for the prisoner, in consequence of which I spoke to the prisoner—I told him Smith and another one had been down there to inquire after somebody who had worked for me, about horse-stealing—he said I could tell Bill Smith, if I saw kim, that he could have 3l. on the Tuesday night, if he could settle it—I saw the prisoner in Whitechapel again on Monday morning—he asked me if I had seen Smith; I said no, that I was going that way, and should very likely see him—I saw him that afternoon.

Cross-examined. Q. He has been employed for you some time? A. Yes; more than twelve months—I do not believe he ever wronged any body of a pin's point—I did not advise him to pay 3l. to settle it, whether he was guilty or not.

COURT. Q. Was it your suggestion—did you advise him to advance 3l.? A. No; I did not know where he was to get 3l.—I should not have supposed he had 3l.—I never saw the horse—I had no suspicion of him—he said he could have 3l. forthcoming on Tuesday night, if Smith could

settle it—he did not say where it was to come from—I told Smith on Monday night what he had said.





ROBERT TRINDAL

re-examined. I did not see the pony in Smith's possession—a lad named Groby had it—I took if from the lad and gave charge of him—the pony was locked up at the Lion—I kept it there till Smith came—he was present when the pony was given up to me—it was the same pony as I claim.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear Smith describe the person who he bought it of, at Romford? A. The account he gave before the Magistrate was, that he bought it on the road for 50s., and suspected the person to be my son, from what he said—he said it was a lad—he did not state that he was marked with the small-pox, and had red whiskers—I think he said he had a fair complexion—I recollect nothing about the small-pox, or whiskers.

COURT. Q. He did not describe the person more particularly, but that he understood from the description he was one of your sons? A. He understood by the parties there, who said it was one of my sons—Smith has since seen all my sons, and was satisfied it was none of them—I think that was after the prisoner was taken into custody—it was very shortly after it happened.





JOHN DOUGLAS
. I am an officer. The prisoner was apprehended last Monday fortnight—I went with Smith to the prosecutor's house nine days before that.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it—I was out of work—I had 6d. in my pocket, and had some bread and cheese at a house on the road—I had no dealings with the pony at all.





WILLIAM SMITH

re-examined. I paid either two sovereigns and a half, or two sovereigns and ten shillings, into the prisoner's hands.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Life.
