



1305. 




PATRICK MURRAY
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Theresa Kemble, at 
St. Margaret, Westminster, on the 
4th of May, and stealing 7 gowns, value 5l. 5s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 15s.; 3 shawls, value 3l. 15s.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 1l.; 1 necklace, value 2l.; 2 rings, value 15s.; 1 pair of ear-rings, value 10s.; 2 breast-pins, value 5s.; 1 table-cloth, Value 3s.; 5 towels, value 4s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.; 1 cloak, value 10s.; 2 night gowns, value 7s.; and 2 shifts, value 5s.; the goods of the said 



Theresa Kemble.






THERESA KEMBLE
. I occupy the front room of the first floor, No. 26, Palace-street, Pimlico. The ground-floor is at present unoccupied—the house belongs to William Page—there are several other lodgers—there is a staircase door at the bottom of the stairs, which come into the street; it is generally shut at night—every lodger has a key to the street-door—I went out about six o'clock in the evening on the 4th of May—I am the sole occupier of my room, and am single—I returned at nine o'clock, and found my door shut, but not locked—I had locked it when I went out—three of my drawers had been emptied—I missed seven gowns, two pairs of stockings, and all the articles mentioned—they were all safe when I left home, and were worth about 13l. 14s.—when I went out at five o'clock, I saw the prisoner with three others; they passed and re-passed two or three times—I had had a quarrel with the sister of one of them—none of my property has been found.

Cross-examined by
MR. DUNBAR. Q. How long have you lived there?


A. About eleven weeks—there are six other lodgers in the house—they are mostly married people—I never noticed any visitors come to them—I noticed the prisoner going along the street with three other young men, about an hour before I went out—I did not know him before, but he has been lurking about with one whom I know very well, named Thomas Lewis—Ihad known him several weeks, but I had only seen him twice—I suppose my door had been opened by a key—it opens inwards—I tried the lock when I left.

Q. Did not you accuse two or three other persons? A. I said that Patrick Mans and Thomas Lewis had been lurking about the place—I did not charge any other person before the Magistrate—there were two other persons examined—they were merely taken on suspicion.





ELIZABETH ADDISON
. I am the wife of Isaac Addison—he is a soldier in the Grenadier Guards. I lodge in the next room to the prosecutrix—about seven o'clock that evening, I saw the prisoner near her door, on the first step of her stairs—he had two large parcels, one under each arm—one was in her brown apron—I am sure it was her apron—I had seen him there about three weeks before, when he came to my door and asked for a person who did not live in the house.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you acquainted with this man? A. No—I can swear he is the man—I was present when the other persons were examined—it was about five minutes to seven o'clock when he was coming down—it is a very light staircase—there is a window just where I met him—I did not know that he was the man I had seen before, till I saw him at Queen-square—I did not give any alarm—it was a brown printed apron, with yellow spots; I could swear to the apron; it is not such a pattern as can be got in any part of London—when the prisoner came home, I told her I knew the apron by its being brown, and having yellow spots—I cannot say that he did not bring the bundles in which I saw him go out with, but I know the apron was the prosecutrix's.

Prisoners Defence. I am innocent—when the woman came to the watch-house, she said she could not swear it was me who was outside the door.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Life.
