



2039. 



JAMES FULLER
 was indicted

for embezzlement.






ALFRED SAUNDERS
. I am in partnership with William Thomas Beeby, we are bristle-merchants, and live in Lombard-street—we have a ware-house in Lower Thanes-street. The prisoner was our porter and warehouseman for about eighteen months, and was authorized to sell and receive money on account of the firm. I had a customer named Edward Morgan—the prisoner has not accounted to me for two sums of 30s., each, as received from him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you any clerks? A. Yes; one—he is not here—my partner and my clerk, when I was absent, occasionally received money—if I was out of the way the money would be paid to them.

COURT. Q. In what mode did the prisoner account to you or your

partner? A. Generally in writing—I have brought one book here—at that particular time I was in town, and the whole business was under my management—this was in August—my clerk was in my presence, and immediately handed money over to me—he did not receive money in my absence, to my knowledge.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was not your partner at home in August? A. Yes; the prisoner sometimes accounted by word of mouth.





EDWARD MORGAN
. I have been in the habit of purchasing bristles at the prosecutor's warehouse in Thames-street, for about six months. On a Friday in August I purchased 47lbs. of bristles of the prisoner, at 1s. 6d. per pound—they were delivered at my house next day, by Howard—I called at the prosecutor's counting-house, and paid the prisoner 30s. on account, and promised to pay the rest on the Monday, but being late home, I did not call; and on the Wednesday the prisoner called and I paid him 30s. more, leaving a balance of 10s. 6d. still owing.

Cross-examined. Q. This is a very cheap shop, is it not? A. Yes; the cheapest in London—I can purchase from 4d. to 13d. a pound cheaper than at any other house in London—I paid the 30s. openly in the ware-house—any body might have seen it.

COURT. Q. Was there any body there? A. I do not recollect—but I believe Mr. Saunders was going to Van Diemen's Land, and his property was selling off.

MR. SAUNDERS. I was going to New South Walce—we had not dissolved partnership.





WILLIAM HOWARD
. I work as a labourer at Saunders and Co., Thames-street. I took some bristles, by the prisoner's direction, to Mr. Morgan's.

JURY
to
MR. SAUNDERS. Q. Do you keep a day-book in which entries are made of goods sold? A. Yes; this is it—there is no entry of these bristles—the clerk kept the book and made the entries—he is not here.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How can you tell but the prisoner might have told him to put it down and he forget it? A. Because I was always present at the time the prisoner did the account.

COURT. Q. Did your clerk make any entries in your absence? A. Not at that particular time—the porter who delivered the bristles was occasionally in our employ under the direction of the prisoner—he never told me that he had delivered them—these bristles were worth 4s. a pound—I had a character with the prisoner when he came.

JURY. Q. Did the prisoner ever make any entries? A. No; he was not allowed to make entries—there is no other book in which he could account for the money—I do not know of a single instance of money being handed to me, or entered in the book, for goods sold when I was not present—I was not present the whole month—I received all the money paid during August—I do not allow any one else to receive it during my absence—the goods were sold very much under my price—I should not have authorized him to sell at the price he did—they are worth 4s. a pound, and he sold them for 1s. 6d.





EDWARD MORGAN

re-examined. I have dealt at the shop six or seven months, and have frequently bought bristles—Mr. Saunders has sold me some at considerably less than other houses.

COURT. Q. Do you mean he ever sold bristles worth 4s. a pound at 1s. 6d.? A. No; this is a lot selected out from better—they were broken bristles that I bought—they are not worth 4s. a pound—they were

mixed—these are the best of them—I would not give more for them—I had no receipt for these two sums—I never took a receipt—when Mr. Saunders sold to me, the prisoner received the money—I have a little of the inferior that was left—it is what is termed "a lot of seconds"—it is sold at 20d. and 22d. a pound—I would not give 16d. for these alone—I have bought at the prosecutor's at 13d. a pound less than I could at other house.





ALFRED SAUNDERS

re-examined. I would not have sold them for less than 4s. a pound—we never sell at so low a price as these were sold to Morgan.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Third Jury.

