



540. 




JOHN LANE
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the shop of 




James Kelly, at 
St. Martin-in-the-fields, on the 
21st of January, and stealing therein, three pairs of boots, value 11s.; and three pairs of shoes, value 9s.; his goods: and I bag, value 3d, the goods of 



Joseph Barrett.






JOSEPH BARRETT
. I am in the employ of James Kelly, a shoemaker—his shop is at No. 5, Little May's-buildings, in the parish of St. Martin-in-the-fields—I sleep there. I went out last Sunday, the 21st of January, at a little before two o'clock—I fastened the door by a padlock, and the window was fast which looks into the yard—returned at half-past ten o'clock,—it and found the door without the padlock—I tried to open it, but could not—it was fastened inside—I called to the next-door neighbour, and went round into his premises, got a ladder, and got in at tie window which looks into the yard-that was shut, but I opened it—I could see nobody at first, but when I got quite in I saw the prisoner lying across the fireplace, on the hearth—he pretended to be asleep—I tried the outer door, and found a screw-driver, a brad-awl, and a chisel, which belonged to me, placed inside to prevent my getting in—I took them out, and let the policeman in—I found some shoes which had laid on the show-board in the window when I went out, were gone—it was three pain of boots and three pairs of shoes—they belong to Mr. Kelly—I found them deposited in a bag in one corner of the shop, a short distance from the door, in a place where I put the shutters—the bag belongs to me—I asked the prisoner what brought him there—he told me he found the door open, and came in to lie down—I gave him in charge, but found nothing on him—I am quite sure the shoes and boots had been left on the show-board, and not in the bag—I gave them to the policeman.

Prisoner. Q. Were there three pair of boots? A. Yes—two pairs of women's, and one pair of Wellingtons.

Prisoner. There were three pairs of ladies' shoes,





COLIN FORBES
. I am a policeman. I was called in on this occasion, and found the prisoner in the shop, lying down on the hearth-Barrett delivered me this bag with the property—the padlock was found inside the shop.





JOSEPH BARRETT

re-examined. These are my master's—here are three pairs of boots, and three pairs of shoes.

Prisoner's Defence. All I have to say is, I did not break into the place—I found the door open.




GUILTY
.* Aged 15.—


Transported for Ten Years.


First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
