




760. 




ELIZABETH HOGAN
 and 




ANN JONES
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of February, 1 coat, value 10s.; and 1 pair of spectacles, and case, value 10d.; the goods of 




Willam Maher; and that Hogan had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM MAHER
. I am a gardener, and live at, Portland-town. On the 12th of February I met the prisoner Hogan in a public-house in Holborn, about five or six o'clock—I was sober—I left her, and told her I would return about nine o'clock, which I did, and went to a house with her—I agreed to stop all night with her—she took me to George-street, St. Giles's, into a room up stairs—I took off my coat and hat, and had been there a very few minutes when the prisoner Jones came in—I did not lie down, and had nothing to do with them—when Jones came in they

began to beat me, and had me down on the ground—they handled me very roughly, both of them, and wanted to get off all my clothes to get me to bed—they both held me down—I cried out "Murder"—the servant of the house came up—they had put the light out—Jones went away directly the servant came up—I then desired Hogan should go away, and she went—I did not miss my coat and spectacles then, but in a very few minutes the policeman came in with my coat—my spectacles were in my coat pocket—they wanted to strip me naked.

Hogan. We had a good deal to drink, and were both very much intoxicated—when the policeman apprehended us it was half past three o'clock in the morning. Witness. I did not go home with her till eleven or twelve o'clock.





JOSEPH CLEMENTS
. I am a policeman. About twelve o'clock on the night in question, I met Jones in George-street, St. Giles's, with this coat in her apron—I asked her what she had got there—she said it was her brother's coat, and she had brought it from Lambeth—I took her to the station-house—I went out in search, and found the prosecutor at a house in George-street—he gave me the account he has given now—he was perfectly sober—I apprehended Hogan about three o'clock in the rooming—the was quite sober.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Hogan's Defence. I know nothing of the coat whatever—I certainly was in the man's company.

Jones's Defence. I was going up George-street, and saw several men standing round—there was a fight—the coat laid down there, and I picked it up—if I had been guilty I should not have carried it in my lap—when I saw the policeman, he said, "What have you there?"—I said, "I have a coat," and I showed it directly.





JOSEPH CLEMENTS
. I am a policeman. I got this certificate of Hogan's former conviction at the Sessions-house, Clerkenwell, from the Clerk of the Peace—(read)—I was present at her trial—she is the same person.

HOGAN*—


GUILTY
—Aged 27.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

JONES*—


GUILTY
—Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
