





2162. 



WILLIAM MAJOR
 and 



JAMES DAVIS
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Robert Henry Brown, at 
St. Bridget, alias Bride, on the 
17th of September, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 clocks, value 8l.; 2 pairs of spectacles, value 10s.; 2 spectacle cases, value 1s.; 26 spoons, value 4l.; 3 watches, value 10l.; 4 watch chains, value 10s.; 1 watch guard, value 1l.; 6 seals, value 1l.; 4 watch keys, value 10s.; 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; one shilling, two-pence, one halfpenny, and three farthings, the goods and monies of 



Jeremiah Board.—2nd COUNT stating it to be the dwelling-house of 



Jeremiah Board:—and 




RICHARD FELL



 for feloniously receiving 2 clocks, part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c. to which Fell pleaded





GUILTY
.—



Confined Three Months.

MESSRS. BODKIN and BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






JEREMIAH BOARD
. I am a prisoner in the Fleet Prison—I have a private room there of my own, and a key of my own—the place where I live is called the "Fair"—I have the sole occupation of the room—last Sunday, about eleven o'clock, I left my room to go to chapel—I locked the door, and put the key into my pocket—I always do so—I came out of the room with another person, and locked it—I returned about a quarter past twelve o'clock, and when I came to my room I found the door about three inches open—it alarmed me very much, and I said, "Who the devil is here?"—no answer was given, but in a minute some chap came out of the room against me—it was the prisoner Davis—he said, "What business have you in

my room? the other is gone"—my door is very near the steps—he said nothing more, but ran up the steps—I did not go into my room, but followed him all along up the steps into Rowbottom's room—he is one of his pals I suppose, he is a prisoner—I lost sight of him then—I was told he was gone out of the window, but I afterwards saw him come out of the room door—in the meantime I had been round to the window—he bad fastened the door after him—if he was inside he must have heard what was said to me—Rowbottom told me he had gone out of the window, which is on the other side of the room—I went there to catch him, as I thought, and when I got round he had not come out there—I went back to the door again and saw Davis come out of the door of Rowbottom's room—this might be in about five minutes—I knew him again in a minute—I collared him, and said, "What business had you in my room?"—I kept him till he was taken into custody—I returned to my room—there were six boxes and trunks in my room, five of which were locked when I left the room, and a small trunk not locked—I found every one of the locked ones broken open—on examining I missed a clock off my drawers, and another clock out of a large chest—I missed all the articles stated in the indictment—I missed four watches, but have found one in a large chest, where it ought not to have been—I missed two pairs of silver spectacles, one belonging to myself and one to my wife, and the cases also—I saw the spectacles found in Davis's pocket—I lost one shilling, and three or four farthings—three farthings were found on Davis.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long have you been in the Fleet prison? A. Twenty-three years the 5th of November next—I do not carry on any business there—I did not steal these watches and clothes—I have had one watch five or six years—they were in pawn by other people, and I paid the interest for them, not to be lost, and I kept them for other people—I do not go out of the Fleet—I have found the gold watch, but did not in my flurry see it at first—my sight is bad, and my hearing also—I saw Davis come out of Rowbottom's door—I did not see him come out of the room, but I saw him out of the room—I had seen him go in—Rowbottom's room is in a different gallery to mine—I cannot tell how many turnings there are between them—he went up the steps into the room—I do not walk very bad—I could pretty well run with him—I ran as fast as I could—I did not know the spectacles were in my chest—I do not know how long before I went to chapel I had seen them.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you know you had such spectacles? A. Yes. I had not parted with them to anybody—I had not given any one authority to part with them for me.





ALEXANDER NELSON
 (City police-constable 86) About ten minutes before one o'clock on Sunday, I was sent for, and the prosecutor gave Davis into my custody—I searched him in his presence, and found on him two pairs of spectacles and two leather cases—I had asked him whether he had any property about him, and he said, nothing but what was his own—the prosecutor identified them directly I pulled them out of his pocket—I also found 1s. in silver, a twopenny-piece, a halfpenny, and three farthings, a key, and saw-set on him—I went to the prosecutor's room, and took the saw-set with me—I applied it to two boxes in the room which had been broken open, and the dents in the wood exactly corresponded in breadth and length with the saw-set—I was shown into the prisoner Fell's room, and found the prisoner Majore sitting on the sofa there—I searched the room—I saw Waller, my brother officer, take two clocks from the coal-hole.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What do you mean by the marks corresponding? A. The marks in the wood—I have not brought the boxes here—it was about two hours after Davis was given into custody that I went to the room to examine the boxes—the marks appeared to me to be made with this end of the instrument (producing it)—I cannot tell whether a small chisel might have made the same mark.





SARAH REIG
. I was a prisoner in the Fleet when this happened—I was in the "Fair" on the Sunday morning, about twenty-five minutes to twelve o'clock, and saw the prisoners Davis and Major walking up and down backwards and forwards in the passage close by Board's room—one stood reading a book on the steps—I remember Board going into the yard when there was an alarm—some time after that I saw Fell come down with a large bundle in his hand, and take it into the coal-hole—I afterwards told the policeman what I had seen.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You saw them walking about together, and one reading a book? A. Yes—I saw Major peeping through Board's keyhole.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Have you ever mentioned that circumstance before about the keyhole? A. Yes, more than once—the "Fair" is the lower ward—there were not many people walking about there—I was backwards and forwards, but there were not many about—I saw no body there but the prisoners at that time—it is not an unusual place for people to walk—I have been there a year and half—I knew both the prisoners by sight before.





HENRY BAILEY
. I am in the service of the prisoner Fell, and was so on this Sunday—I had the key of the coal-hole that day—about two or three minutes before twelve o'clock I was at the coal-hole door, and saw a man with a light yellow handkerchief in his hand, covering over something like a clock—I do not know the man—I said to him," You cannot go out, Sir,"—he said, "I know that"—he turned up the" Fair "steps, and went up the steps leading to the hall—Fell came down to me two or three minutes after that, he got the key from me, and took an empty coal-sack up with him in his hand, out of the coal-cellar—he returned again with the coal sack—it was empty then—I was standing at the hole—when he went by me he had a tub with something in it, and the coal-sack covered over the tub—I did not see any body with him, but about half an hour afterwards, I saw Major in Fell's room.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What did you mean by his not being able to go out? A. You cannot go out at the gate till one o'clock—Fell was a prisoner there, but not Major.





WALTER WAKEMAN
. I am a prisoner in the Fleet—my room is on the opposite side to Board's, but not immediately opposite. About twelve o'clock on the Sunday in question, I saw a person come out of Board's room, with a bundle wrapped up in a handkerchief of a light colour—it was the prisoner Major—I saw his face—I did not know him before—he passed me as I was going into my room—I did not notice where he went to—he passed me to go up the steps—that would lead to Fell's room—I know Fell's boy (Bailey)—I heard him say to Major," Sir, you cannot go out now"—I then went into my own room, and shortly after heard of this robbery.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What do you call the "Fair"? A. The lower story—it is a darkish place.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Do you swear positively that it was

Major came out of the room with the bundle? A. Yes—I made an ex periment yesterday in the prison, with two different people to see whether I could see a person in the place—that was not for the purpose of seeing whether I could identify them from my room—I went to show them how it was, that my room, being situated in a very dark place, a person coming from the light (and Board's room is next door to the entrance) towards me, directly he passes me, comes into the light again, as he is two doors from the steps—I do not know whether the persons doubted I could see him, but the question was put to me by a friend of the prisoners, and I made the experiment to show that I could see him—the bundle he had with him was of a lightish colour—the direction he took would take him out the prison—I heard Bailey tell him he could not go out.

Q. What have you been? A. A gentleman—I am in no business—I have had a charge made against me, but not for felony—at least I am not aware whether it constitutes a felony—I have been in gaol, but I am not aware whether it was on a charge of felony—it was for giving a person a cheque—I was at Gloucester at the time, and was put into Gloucester gaol—that was last September—I was kept there tell the sessions in October, and then immediately acquitted—I have not been in gaol on any other occasion—I have been in the Fleet since January—I have been twice in prison, now and at Gloucester.

Q. On your oath, yesterday, after you made the experiment, did you not state that you could not distinguish a person? A. I did not—nor words to that effect—not to any one—Dr. Atto went down with me—I never said I could not distinguish a person in that place.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Have you had any quarrel with the prisoners?

A. Never—I never entertained a doubt of Major being the person who passed me with the bundle—it was Rowbottom who spoke to me about whether I could see the party, but Mr. Shepherd, one of the turnkeys, went with me yesterday down to my room, and Mr. Atto as well—(Rowbottom did not go down to my room)—I only went to satisfy them—the experiment did not at all weaken my belief that Major was the person—Mr. Shepherd appeared to be of a different opinion to me—Mr. Atto agreed with me that I could see him—on my oath I did see the man, and knew him again when he was brought out of Fell's room—the light was not on his face, it was behind him, but as soon as he passed me the light came on his face as he turned—I saw him with his face first of all towards Board's door, closing it—the light was then sideways—then he turned round and came straight past me—seeing a stranger at that time of day, I was rather surprised, and it drew my attention—I was opening my door as he turned round again—the light coming from the east threw a very strong light through my door on the prisoner's face—he passed very near to me.





JEREMIAH BOARD

re-examined. I have looked at the articles produced, they are mine, and are part of the property that was taken on the Sunday in question—the room is in my exclusive occupation—the warden of the Fleet is William Robert Henry Brown.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How much are your spectacles worth? A. Perhaps 5s. or 6s. a pair—they cost more than 1l.—I pay 15d. a week for my room—no one else has a right to go to it but myself, unless I choose—I pay rent to Shepherd, one of the turnkeys—he lets it quarterly for the warden.





WILLIAM JOHNSON. I
 am clerk to William Robert Henry Brown, the warden of the Fleet prison; it is in the parish of St. Bridget, or St. Bride—

I know Board's room—he rents it from the warden at 1s. 3d. a week, which is collected quarterly by the turnkey for Mr. Brown—he cannot be turned out except for non-payment of rent—there is a month over the quarter always given to them, and if they pay during that time they are at liberty to stop as long as they like—he is entitled to the exclusive occupation of the room.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is the prison in no other parish besides St. Bride's? A. No—the taxes are paid to the tax-collector of St. Bride's—no taxes are paid to St. Sepulchre's parish—no taxes are paid for the part of the prison in which the prisoners reside—Mr. Brown's house is contiguous to the prison, and the dwelling-house only consists of eight rooms—you must go into the prison under the dwelling-house—there is a private door to the dwelling-house out of Farringdon-street—it is her Majesty's prison—no part of it is in the parish of St. Sepulchre—I have been there twelve years—I have never seen any collector except from St. Bride's—the house is right in the centre of the prison wall—part of the prison wall comes against New Inn-yard, Old Bailey.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Is Board's room on the side nearer Ludgate-hill than Mr. Brown's residence? A. Yes. (William Diamond, boot and shoemaker, of Ballantine-place, Blackfriar's road, gave Major a good character.)

MAJOR—


GUILTY
.

DAVIS—


GUILTY
.




Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.
