



2236. 




ENEAS HICKEY
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



John Jenkins, on the 
27th of July, putting him in fear, and in danger of his life, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 half-sovereign, 1 half-crown, 4 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 4d. In copper, his monies; and at the
timeof and immediately after the said robbery, feloniously striking and beating him.







JOHN JENKINS
. I am a journeyman-saddler and harness-maker, and live in East-street, Marylebone. I work for Mr. Kipps, coach-maker, in Great Marylebone-street—on Saturday, the 27th of July, about half-past twelve o'clock at night, I was in East-street, coming home—I had a small parcel with me, containing a few articles, which I had been purchasing—I saw four persons standing talking together—they appeared to me to be in company—I knew them all by sight well—the prisoner, who was one of them, came up to me, and said, "Old chap, are you going to give me any thing to drink?"—I said, "No, I am going home"—immediately afterwards he caught me round the waist with his left arm, held me tight, and, with his right hand, caught hold of my right-hand waistcoat-pocket, and tore it clean out—he held me, and took it by force—it contained a half-sovereign, a half-crown, four shillings, a sixpence, and 4d. In coppers—I am quite certain that was in my pocket—one of the other men, named Burns, immediately came up, and knocked me down—they all four then ran down Dock-court—I immediately got up, and called "Police" as loud as I could, but there was no one handy—I went into Baker-street, met two policemen, and told them—I described the men to them, and told them how they were dressed—I then went home—f was called up about three quarters of an hour afterwards by a policeman—I went to the station-house, and saw the prisoner there in custody—I knew him perfectly well as soon as I saw him—I positively swear he is the man that took my waistcoat-pocket and money—Burns was taken into custody the same night, about half an hour after.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What had you been about this evening? A. Nothing particular—I had merely been into Crawford-street, to a friend's, and to purchase a few articles—I had left off work about half-past eight o'clock, or a quarter to nine—this happened at half-past twelve o'clock—I had my supper at an eating-house in East-street, but I had nothing at all to drink—I suppose I had taken about three quarters of a pint of ale that day, no more—I felt my money safe about half an hour before it was lost—I cannot positively say whether the prisoner was sober or not, but I believe he was not—I have never seen my pocket or money since—I has never spoken to the prisoner before—I was not at all acquainted with him, except by sight—this happened in quite a public place, at the corner of Paddington-street—the prisoner did not strike me at all—he only held me tight, took my pocket, and ran off—I was afterwards struck by Burns—I saw Burns at the station-house when he was taken, and swore to him there, and before the Magistrate as well—I do not know why he is not here—I never had any doubt about him or the prisoner either.

COURT. Q. Where was the prisoner when Burns knocked you down? A. He ran down the court immediately—it was all done within half a second.





JOHN SHOULER
.(police-constable D 155.) I was coming down East-street about half-past twelve o'clock on this Saturday night, and saw the prisoner running as hard as he could, at the top of East-street and Davis-street—seeing him look back several times, I thought something was wrong—I afterwards heard of the robbery, and tried to find the prosecutor, but he had gone another way—I met the two policemen he spoke to, who told

me where he lived—I went to his house, and told him I thought I could apprehend the party—as I went to the station-house I met the prisoner going down Thayer-street—I told him I wanted him on suspicion of committing a robbery in East-street—he said, "I don't know any thing about it"—I took him to the station-house—the prosecutor came there, and identified him directly—I also took the other three—at least, two of them came to the station-house, and Burns I took in Oxford-street—the prosecutor identified him as well, and said be was the one that bad knocked him down—they were all four taken before the Magistrate, Mr. Rawlinson—the prisoner was committed, and the other three kept all day, and discharged at night—I found a half-crown and three shillings on the prisoner—I had teen them all four together, drinking, after the robbery took place; and I also saw them all four together not five minutes before it took place.

Cross-examined. Q. Who was with the prisoner when you took him? A. One of the others—it was in Paddington-street—I saw them all together after this happened—they got into a coach, and went away somewhere—I took the prisoner in Thayer-street, very near half a mile from East-street—I did not take the other, only the prisoner—the other two, Ford and Prendergast, came to the station-house with him, and were detained, as the prosecutor identified them—he swore to all the men, especially to Burns, and said that he held him, and knocked him down afterwards, but the Magistrate let him go.

COURT. Q. Did the prisoner appear perfectly in his senses and sober? A. Quite so.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

