






571. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     YEOWELL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CANT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of January
, 1 cheese, value 5s
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles James 
                     Webb
                  




               
            .


                  ANGELIOUS 
                  BETRAUN
               



            . I am a special-constable. In the forenoon of the 19th of January I was in Oxford-street - I saw the two prisoners in company with a third person, and watched them on to the Haymarket, and then back again to Oxford-street - they went up to Mr. Webb's, a cheesemonger's-shop, and staid there ten minutes - I then saw the two prisoners come away; Cant had something under his smock-frock, under his arm; I went up to them with Kennerley - I took Yeowell, and Kennerley took Cant; I took this cheese from under Cant's arm, and took it to Mr. Webb's shop, where it was claimed.


                  JAMES 
                  KENNERLEY
               



            . I am a music-copier. About noon, on the 19th of January, I was in Oxford-street, and saw the two prisoners - I had just met Betraun, who directed my attention to them, and a third person, who was in their company; I saw Yeowell take the cheese from the show-board, at Mr. Webb's, and give it to Cant - Betraun took it from under his frock.
WILLIAM BROWN. I am shopman to Mr. Charles James Webb, a cheesemonger
, who lives in Oxford-street


. This cheese is his property - I know it by the dairy from whence it came; we missed it from the board when the officer brought it - it is worth 5s.
Cant. This person is not guilty of the charge - I can say nothing for myself.
Yeowell handed in a paper, expressing his contrition for the offence. He received a good character, and his father engaged to employ him.
YEOWELL - GUILTY. Aged 13.



               Recommended to Mercy
            . - 



               Fined 1s.
             and Discharged.
CANT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
