






1533. 
               
                  
                     ELLEN 
                     LEWIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of August
, 1 watch, value 5l.; 2 seals, value 2l.; 1 key, value 9s., and 1 chain, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Ricards
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  RICARDS
               



            . I live in Chiswell-street, Finsbury. On the 31st of August, about eleven o'clock at night, I was on Snow-hill


, returning home quite sober - I was alone; the prisoner and two others accosted me as women of the town - the prisoner was nearest to my right; I did not countenance them at all, and almost immediately they spoke the one nearest my left hand touched me at the waist, and I supposed was going to take my ribbon - at that moment the prisoner snatched my watch out, and handed it to one of the others; it was silver, and cost me 5l. 10s. - I have never recovered it; they started in different directions - I ran about six yards, and caught the prisoner without losing sight of her; the whole transaction was not more than a minute.


                  JOHN 
                  BLACKMAN
               



            . I am a watchman of Fox and Knot-court. I received charge of the prisoner from Mr. Ricards, who was holding her by the waist - she said nothing to the charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going through Fox-court, and met the prosecutor very much intoxicated - he reeled against me, and asked me to take him home; I went on talking with him - he said he was very tipsy; that he had been with a lady, and spent all his money except a 5l. note - as we came along he met a girl who had been with him; she called him by name - he stood talking to her, and told her to come next night at eleven o'clock, and bring another young woman with her; I was going to wish him good night - he buttoned up his coat, and said he had lost his watch; I knew nothing of it - it was not on Snow-hill, but Fox and Knot-court; a boy saw me standing talking to him - the watchman was to have brought him.
MR. RICARDS. It happened at the corner of the court; I did not go into the court till she ran up it - I did not say I had been with another woman, or any thing of the sort; I did not speak two words to her - there is no truth in her statement.
JURY. Q. How long before did you know you had the watch in your possession? A. I had it at the Gloucester coffee-house, Oxford-street - I stopped no where after that, and firmly believe I spoke to nobody; I swear I saw my watch drawn out of my pocket plainly.


                  JOHN 
                  BLACKMAN
               



            . I did not see the prosecutor or prisoner till after the alarm - the prisoner made no defence at the time; the prosecutor might have taken a little, but was perfectly in his senses - he knew well what he was about.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
