





OLD COURT. FRIDAY, JULY 8.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1511.
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH MARIA 
                     NORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of June
, 4 half-crowns, and 1 shilling, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Daly
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  DALY
               



            . I am a sailor
, and belong to a King's ship - I was paid off at Portsmouth, came to town, and worked at the West India-docks; I came to Somerset-house, and drew my prize-money. I went to a friend's house, and between twelve and one o'clock at night, I was going home; I had four half-crowns and two shillings in my right-hand waistcoat pocket - I was quite sober, and dressed as a sailor; the prisoner came up to me in Spitalfields


, and asked me to go home with her - I said I had rather go home; she said I had better go with somebody that could protect me; I said I had rather go home - she put her hand suddenly into my pocket, and took out my money; I caught hold of her hand as it came out of my pocket - as I could not get her hand open, I threw her down on the pavement, and a shilling dropped out of her hand; I picked it up - she screamed Murder! a Policeman came up - I gave her in charge, and on the way to the station I heard money drop on the pavement - a Policeman picked up two half-crowns, and farther on she dropped another half-crown; the money was laid on the table at the station- she said, "* * * you, cannot hurt me, because nothing was found on me."


                  JOHN 
                  CAMPBELL
               



            . I am a Policeman. The prosecutor, who was sober, called me; I found them both on the pavement - he charged her with robbing him of 11s.; I took her, and about one hundred yards further on I heard something drop - my brother officer took it up: it was two half-crowns; and further on she dropped another - she said"You have got it again - what can you do with me? it was not found on me."
MARK MEADOWS. I am a Policeman. Campbell's evidence is correct; one half-crown is entirely gone.
Prisoner's Defence. It was my own money - I had it in my hand; this man accosted me - he wanted me to take him home; I said it was not convenient, and he knocked me down.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
