



64. 




HENRY JONES
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the shop of 



John Cheek, on the 
8th of November, at 
St. James's, Westminster, and stealing therein 17 umbrellas, value 7l.; and 19 whips, value 13l.; his property.






JOHN ARMFIELD SMITH
. I was in the employ of John Cheek, of the Strand, at the time of the robbery, and had the care of a shop of his in Burlington Arcade. I left the shop at nine o'clock, on the night of the 7th of November—I secured and locked it—I left every thing in its place as I went next morning, at half-past nine o'clock I met a person living in the Arcade, who gave me information—I went to the shop, and found the lock had been forced—the door was open—I went and found Mr. Cheek there, and Slark, the witness—seventeen umbrellas had been moved from the glass case, and some from the window—I found them lying on the counter, packed in a cloth-bag, and nineteen whips—the prisoner is a stranger—I saw him at the station-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you quite sure you locked the door the previous evening? A. Yes—I was the last person in the shop—there are constables of the Arcade, who attend at the gates at each end at night—they go away when the day-constables come on—the lock was a small padlock, and the staple of the padlock had been forced out—the Arcade opens at eight o'clock in the winter.





WILLIAM SLARK
. I am a whip-maker, and live in Burlington Arcade. On the morning of the 8th of November I went to Mr. Cheek's shop, at half-past eight o'clock, from information I had received, and found the prisoner behind the counter—the door was, to every appearance, fast, and the padlock and staple in its place—I had no idea I could get in at the door—I went and peeped in through the window—I then gently pushed the door, and the padlock fell down, and the staple with it—I went and found the prisoner behind the counter—he seemed in a confused state, but was doing nothing then—he was standing there, with the goods on the

counter which had been moved from the window—I asked what business he had there, and he gave me this paper, saying he was authorised by Mr. Cheek to fetch the goods away—I called a porter from the gate, and gave him in charge—(paper read)—"For Mr. Cheek, 52, Strand, 12 umbrellas, 18 whips, and 3 canes. Send it by the bearer. Nov. 8th,—39."

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say he was sent by Mr. Cheek with an order to remove the goods? A. Those were the words I believe—he either said he was ordered or authorised—I cannot say whether he said he was seat with an order by or from Mr. Cheek—there are shutters to the shops, but we do not put them up, as we are well guarded—he had broken the window in getting the goods out, which caused the alarm.





JOHN CHEEK
. I am owner of the shop in the Arcade. I do not know the prisoner—this paper is not my order—I never saw it till Mr. Slark sent for me at half-past eight o'clock—I went to the shop—I never gave any order or authority to any body to fetch the goods from the shop—I know the goods to be mine—they have been in my possession ever since—I found them on the counter in this bag.

Cross-examined. Q. What time does the Arcade open in the morning?

A. Seven or eight o'clock, I do not know which.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
