




287. 




JOHN MAHONEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of December, 1 bag, value 2s.; 1 coat, value 14s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; 2 waistcoats, value 2l.; 1 shirt, value 5s.; 1 pair of slippers, value 6d.; 5 brushes, value 6s.; 2 razors, value 1s.; 1 razor strop, value 6d.; 1 pair of leggings, value 6d.; and 1 shawl, value 3s.: the goods of 



Pierre Bertrand.






PIERRE BERTRAND
. I left this property in a bag on board the William Joliffe steam-packet, from Calais, which was lying off the Custom-house—the porter said my bag was missed—this is my bag and clothes (looking at them.)—I left it to go to the Custom-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you leave it in the care of any one? A. No—I left it in my cabin—I know nothing of the prisoner.





DANIEL FORRESTER
. About six o'clock in the evening of the 6th of December I observed the prisoner cross from Ironmonger-lane to Queen-street with something before him, and in Queen-street I said, "What have you got there"—he made no answer, but left the bag in my hand, and ran away—I called out—he ran backwards and forwards—I secured him—when I got him to the Mansion-house he stated that a man gave it him to carry.

Cross-examined. Q. What do you mean by running backwards and forwards? A. I called out—he ran down Queen-street, turned back, and then crossed again, and I took him—I never saw him before, to my knowledge, and I have been an officer for some years—this was about half a mile, I should think, from the Custom-house—I do not think there is above one pawnbroker's shop in the line of road.





CHARLES SMITH
. At half-past five o'clock, on the 6th of this month, I loaded the baggage at the baggage-warehouse, near London-bridge—it consisted of three packages, and this one was tied on the top of a case—I missed this in Ironmonger-lane—it was cut off with a sharp knife.

Cross-examined. Q. How were you carrying this? A. I was drawing a truck—I was watching the bag continually, looking behind me—I never saw the prisoner before—I missed it in half a minute—I know it was taken in Ironmonger-lane—it was quite safe in Cheapside—when I came to a narrow part there was hardly room for the truck to pass by a cart—it was lost in quick time—it was done by magic—there are lamps, but not where it was cut off—I did not see it cut off.




GUILTY
.—Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
