





1296. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BRIANT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing' on the 29th of February
, 1 saw, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas Keen


                  ; 1 saw, value 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Clapton
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 apron, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Harwin
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  JOHNSON
               



             (Police-constable G 81). I took the prisoner and another man into custody on a charge of common assault; I found on the prisoner twenty-four duplicates, in a purse - some of them relate to the tools in question; I have found three persons who claim some of them - this apron I found on him also.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Cordwell, a pawnbroker, in Exmouth-street. I have three saws, two ploughs, and other articles, pawned at his shop - these are the duplicates of them.


                  GEORGE 
                  FRY
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Lorton, a pawnbroker. I have two saws, pawned on the 29th of April - this is the duplicate, but I did not take them in.


                  THOMAS 
                  KEEN
               



            . This saw is mine - I lost it on the 29th of February, and this other saw is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Clapton
               



            's - I went with the officer to take the prisoner, and found on him this apron, which belongs to another workman; there were several other saws and tools lost.


                  JAMES 
                  HARWIN
               



            . This is my apron, and was in the same shop as the tools were.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the apron in Oxford-street - they have all sworn false against me; I found the duplicates - I put them into a cupboard in my room.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            

