



754. 




EDWARD COX
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
5th of February, 37 yards of printed cotton, value 18s.; and 2 pairs of gloves, value 1s.; the goods of 




Benjamin Pardon
.






MARTHA PARDON
. I am the wife of Benjamin Pardon,'a linen-draper, in Mile-end-road. This occurred on the 5th of February, about eight o'clock in the evening—I had had the misfortune to have some panes of glass broken—I had a number of pieces of printed cotton in the window—I lost about eight pieces, and twelve or fourteen pairs of gloves—they were within reach of the broken window—I discovered the loss of it as soon as it was done—the policeman brought the prisoner into the shop—I have not recovered half of what was lost—here are four pieces of cotton, which contain thirty-seven yards in the whole, and two pairs of gloves—these are part of what I lost—(looking at them.)





JAMES WILLIAM YORK
 (police-constable K 255.) I was on duty, and saw the prisoner and another lad going down Mile-end-road—Jane Lucas pointed them out to me, as having seen them commit a robbery—I took the prisoner into custody—the other one escaped—the property was found concealed about the neighbourhood—some part of it was in a dust-hole.





JANE LUCAS
. I am single, and live at No. 10, Flower-and-Dean-street. I was in Mile-end-road about half-past seven o'clock, on the evening of the 5th of February—I saw the prisoner, and a little boy with him—they went to the prosecutor's shop—the prisoner stooped, and took out the pieces of print, one by one, till he had got seven or eight pieces—he went down Globe-lane, to the pawnbroker's back-door—I watched him till near eight o'clock—I saw him go seven or eight times, and take some every time, and then walk round the corner—I do not know where they put them—they went towards the dust-hole, round the corner—I told the police-man of it—I have no doubt about the person—I stopped till I saw the policeman, and then I told him, and he took the prisoner.

Prisoner. The witness said she only saw me take one, and now she says six or seven.





CHARLES RYALL
. I live with Mrs. Pike. I know the stable belonging to Mr. Store, the doctor—it is about a hundred yards from Mr. Pardon's—I found some printed cotton down the court by Mr. Tilley a, the pawnbroker's—it was under a log, opposite the stable door—I found it the next morning—my mistress said she had seen the pattern in Mr. Pardon's shop, and my master went there.





SUSAN PAYNE
. I am servant to Mrs. Hancock—she lives just round the corner of Globe-lane. I found three pieces of cotton under the dust, and two pairs of gloves—they were just at the back of Mr. Pardon's—I took them to my mistress.





ELIZA HANCOCK
. This little girl gave me this one piece—I sent her to find some more—she went and brought a second piece and the gloves—she then went and brought the third piece—I said I thought they were Mr. Pardon's, and I took them there—these are the pieces—(pointing them out.)

Prisoner's Defence. I do most solemnly declare that I am entirely innocent of the robbery, or any knowledge of it—I was in the road, and saw a lad running with a bundle in the direction of Globe-lane, but I knew nothing of it.
(Samuel Sprang, a cabinet-maker, of No. 3, King-street, Hart's-lane, Bethnal-green; Robert Chillingworth, a trimming-maker; and Ann Cox; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY.* Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
