






1675. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BARNES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of August
, 1 hat, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.: 1 shirt, value 3s.; 1 neck handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 6d.; 4 half-crowns, and 2 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Lambeth
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  LAMBETH
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Freeman, of Warwick-lane, a coach-proprietor. On the 28th of August, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Smithfield; this handkerchief was in my pocket, and the money also, and the shirt - I was not sober, and laid down in Smithfield


, opposite the Ram Inn, in one of the sheep-pens - I awoke about five o'clock, and my hat was gone from my head, my money from my breeches pocket and my stockings and shirt also - my shoes were taken off my feet - I did not know either of the prisoners, and have not found any of my property - I saw the prisoners in custody next day on this charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLEENSON
               



            . I am a scale-maker, and live in Smithfield. On the 28th of August, about five o'clock, I saw the prosecutor asleep in the pens; he then had his hat and shoes on - I saw both the prisoners there about five minutes after; they came up to him, from West-street, and took off his shoes and hat: then one of their companions who is not in custody, took the hat and shoes down West-street - they went away, came back again in about five minutes to try his pockets; I saw them take a white parcel, which appeared a shirt, from his coat pocket - they then went away; I went next door to my brother-in-law to inform him - and soon after they returned a third time; one of the prisoners laid down by the prosecutor's side, and rifled his pockets - I pointed them out to my brother-in-law; he went and they were secured - the third person was only with them the first time.


                  ROBERT 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am Cleenson's brother in-law. I was informed of this; I saw the prisoners return to the prosecutor, and rifle his pockets; I went and procured an officer, and had them taken.


                  FRANCIS 
                  GETTINGS
               



            . I am an officer. Wood took the prisoners and delivered them to me; I took them to the Compter, and found 2s. on Barnes, and 2s. 41/2d. on Smith - they called me by my name, and knew me very well, and I knew them.
Smith's Defence. I work in Smithfield market; this young man, living in the neighbourhood, went with me to Islington; as we came back there was a man preaching in Smithfield, and just before I got there Gettings came and collard us.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
BARNES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Life
            .
