





1767. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     HOOKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 7th of May
, 16 lbs. of silk warp, value 24l., the goods of 
                     
                        William Abbott 
                        Kent
                     




                  , well knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  JAMES 
                  HADFIELD
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. William Abbott Kent - he lives in Wilson-street, Finsbury


. I live in his house, and on the morning of the 7th of May, I missed sixty or seventy pounds of silk from the wires: my desk had been broken open, and about 12l. in cash taken from it - a square piece had been cut out of the back warehouse shutter with a centre-bit - a hand had been introduced, and the shutters opened; I discovered the robbery about five o'clock in the morning, and saw part of the property at Bishopsgate watch-house, about seven o'clock - I had not seen the prisoner near the house.


                  SARAH 
                  FULLER
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  John 
                  Fuller
               



             - we live in King-square. I am a bonnet-maker; I had been up nearly all the night, working for my mother - about a quarter before four o'clock that morning I looked towards a dust-hole, which led towards the back of Mr. Kent's premises, and saw two men, the prisoner,and another woman, at the dust-hole against the wall; the prisoner had one basket on her head, and another in her hand - each of the two men took a parcel out of the dusthole; one of the men took two parcels wrapped up in brown paper, and put them both into the prisoner's basket- her bonnet fell off; one of the men said, "Never mind your bonnet;" she said, "I must have it," and the other woman took it up, and put it on her head - the prisoner said to the men, "Now, you cut;" they all four went away together - the other woman carried the small basket to the corner of the court, and then the prisoner took them both again - I followed them down Horse Shoe-alley into Long-alley, and then gave information to a private watchman; he pursued them as far as Catherine Wheel-alley, Bishopsgate-street - I am quite sure the prisoner was one: there are two or three yards to cross from where the dust-hole is to the prosecutor's yard, but it will lead there.
Cross-examined. Q. Is that a convenient spot to get to the prosecutor's house? A. They can get that way - it is about fifty yards off; all the four persons seemed to be engaged in the same transaction - it was day-light; they were not there more than five minutes before I followed them - the prisoner did not take the parcel from the dusthole; she stood about four yards off.


                  JOSEPH 
                  RYAN
               



            . On the morning of the 7th of May I received information, about half-past four o'clock that the prisoner had some property - I saw her carrying a basket, and another woman and two men with her - I met a private watchman, and he joined me in the pursuit; when they got to Bishopsgate-street, they crossed over towards Petticoat lane - when we came up to them they all ran; the prisoner was taken, with this property.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you found out that she is married? A. I have heard so.


                  JAMES 
                  CASTLE
               



            . I am a watchman of Bishopsgate ward. On the morning in question I pursued the prisoner to Bishopsgate-street: there were two men and another woman, who made their escape - the prisoner had this basket and this property on her head.


                  JAMES 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I was on duty at Bishopsgate watch-house. I received the prisoner in charge with this bundle of silk, and the basket.


                  MILES 
                  HANLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I went to the prosecutor's premises, and found they had been opened by means of a hole made with a centre-bit - I found this dark-lantern - this centre-bit, and this piece of wood there.


                  JAMES 
                  HADFIELD
               



            . I know this is Mr. Kent's property- here is a mark on this bundle, in his hand-writing, which I can swear to.
Prisoner's Defence. My husband told me to carry it- I did not know what it was.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
