




1025. 




ELIZABETH PATCHING



 and 



FRANCIS LEWIS were indicted for stealing, on the 
23rd of February, at 
St. George, Hanover-square, £20, and 1 £5 bank-note, the property of 



Samuel Cartwright, in the dwelling-house of 



Christopher Lonsdale.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





FRANCES CARTWRIGHT
. I am the wife of Samuel Cartwright. In February last I was residing at Mr. Lonsdale's, in Old Bond-street—the prisoners were both servants in the house—on the 7th of December I received of Mr. Robson, a relative, 200l. in notes and cash—there were five £20 notes, five £10 notes, four £5 notes, and thirty sovereigns—I placed the notes in the banker's book, and put it into the carriage-case In the bed-room—I afterwards removed it, and put it into a drawer—I had expended some—on the 15th of February they were right—there was then 105l.—there were four £20 notes—on the 6th of March I had occasion to go to the drawer—I then missed 55l.—there were only two £20 notes instead of four—I had only 50l. remaining—I am sure they were the notes I had from Mr. Robson—the female prisoner had access to the room where the drawer was—my drawer was not kept locked—I sent for Mrs. Lonsdale, and told her of it, and it was known in the house—the two prisoners were both residing there at the same time.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Has your husband any other name but Samuel? A. No—he had not been living in the house—I received the money from Mr. Robson in my own right—Mr. Lonsdale lives in this house, and I suppose he sleeps there, but I never saw him till the night of the 6th of February, when there was a fire at Mr. Atkinson's—I heard that his Christian name was Christopher—I heard that Lewis was one of the porters—I cannot inform you whether he assisted in the domestic duties—there was another female servant—I do not know whether she is here, nor whether she is still in Mr. Lonsdale's service—I put the money into my

carriage-case, and I kept it locked, till the night of the fire, at Mr. Atkinson's and then I put it into my drawer in the bed-room—there was no lock to that drawer—I never looked at the money between the 15th of February and the 6th of March—I do not recollect ever having these notes while sitting on the sofa in the sitting-room—immediately I received them from my nephew, Mr. Robson, I put them into my banker's book, and put that into the carriage-case—I went to them to expend some, I brought them into my sitting-room, took the money out, and made a memorandum of what was left—I sat on a chair by the table, not near the sofa—I can undertake to say, that when I took the book back to my bed-room, the whole of the 105l. were safe—I have no doubt of it.





GEORGE LLOYD ROBSON
. I hold a commission in the 5th Dragoon Guards. On the 7th of December I received from my aunt a cheque, and I got these notes—I cannot tell the numbers of them—I received them from a Mr. Owen—I gave the same notes to Mrs. Cartwright.





DAVID OWEN
. I am cashier to Martin, Call, Martin and Co., bankers. I remember seeing Robson, on the 7th of December, change a £200 cheque—I gave him five £20 notes, from No. 10502, and I gave him some £10 notes and £5 notes—these are two notes that I paid him—(looking at them.)





THOMAS WHITFORD
. I am one of the cashiers of the Bank of England. On Wednesday, the 14th of March, a bank note, No. 10505, for 20l. was brought to me by the prisoner Lewis—he wanted sovereigns for it—I told him, on looking at my card, that payment was stopped, and he must go with me to the Secretary—he said he brought it from Mr. Smith, silversmith, of No. 66, Conduit-street, Bond-street—on the note was written "Thomas Harding, 66, Conduit-street"—that appeared to be fresh written—he then said he had not the number—I said that was no consequence, he could claim it by what he had written on it—he made no reply.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. What time in the day was it? A. About four o'clock in the afternoon—it is about a hundred yards from where I was to the Secretary's office—if we find nothing written on the front of a note, it is usual to require something to be written—the Secretary asked him some questions, where he came from, and he told him that this was a stopped note, and then I permitted him to go—we never detain persons—we retain the note, and the parties are to call again.

MR. DOANE. Q. Have you a £5 note? A. Yes, No. 37883—it was paid from Jones, Lloyd, and Co.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. How do you know it was paid there? A. I have an extract from the bank book—the note is entered in our cash book—I did not receive it myself from Jones, Lloyd, and Co.—I received it from the librarian at the bank.





SAMUEL HUGHES
. I am an inspector of the A division of the police. On the 16th of March I went to Mr. Lonsdale's—Lewis was in the drawing-room—Mr. Whitford was with me—he recognised Lewis—in consequence of that Mr. Lonsdale said something to Lewis, and he left the room—he was called back, and Mr. Lonsdale took him by the arm, led him to the fire-place, and said, "Francis"—Lewis said he would explain all—that Elizabeth gave him the note—the bell was then rung, and Patching came into the room—I then told them both that they were in custody for stealing 55l. in bank notes from Mrs. Cartwright—Lewis said, "I will explain all; Elizabeth gave me the note; I did take it to the Bank to get it changed"

—I then went down with Patching; she said, "I found the note last Tuesday, curled up in a bit of paper, in Mrs. Cartwright's room on the sofa; I gave the note to Lewis; I did not tell any one else about it, for fear it might be thought that I had stolen the other money"—I produce some articles here which I found at No. 4, Russell-court, Bow-street, where Lewis said he lived.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. When Lewis came in, Mr. Lonsdale spoke very kindly to him? A. Yes; and then he said what I have mentioned, which led to the ringing of the bell for the other prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Did any one else hear what Patching said to you on the stairs? A. No—I took her down, and Lewis came down afterwards—this took place in the drawing-room on the second floor—I did not say any thing to her before she said she found it on the sofa—I made no answer to her—she did not say that she did not know what it was, nor any thing of the kind—she did say she could neither read nor write, and did not know what it was—she did not say she took it to Lewis to ask what it was—I do not recollect that she said, that having given it to Lewis she left it with him—she said, "I went down stairs, and gave it to Lewis,"

MR. DOANE. Q. Are you sure that she said she did not mention it, for fear it should be thought that she had stolen the other money? A. Yes.





REBECCA LANE
. I am a lace-dealer, and live in Sidney-alley. The female prisoner came to my shop somewhere about the 20th of February—I am not rare as to the day—this was the first article I sold her—(producing it)—she purchased all these articles—they came to nearly 4l.—she gave me a £5 note in payment—I asked her for her name and address—she said her name was Edwards, 32, Piccadilly—I wrote that on the note in pencil—this is the note and my writing—I have no doubt about it—I am confident the prisoner was the woman.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. What time in the day was it? A. Between six and seven o'clock in the evening, just about dusk—our lamps were lighted—I do not know, but I think I had seen her a day or two before—I did not know who she was—we always ask the name and address—I am not positive, but I think I saw her a week or two after—it was not so long as a fortnight, I am positive—she purchased a black lace veil and other things—they are sold in other shops—two young ladies and the boy were in the shop—none of them are here—Patching was in the shop half an hour—I do not know exactly, but I can say positively that she was a quarter of an hour.





SAMUEL HUGHES
. I saw Mr. Lonsdale at the office—he did not give his name then, but yesterday I heard him give his name as Christopher—his house is in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square.

MR. JONES
to
MRs. CARTWRIGHT. Q. How long had you lived there? A. Five or six months—Patching had been there all the time—she was not present when I made my loss known—I sent for Mrs. Lonsdale, and told her of it—I never saw Mr. Lonsdale—I believe Mrs. Lonsdale went down and named it.
(Christopher Lonsdale, of No. 26, Old Bond-street, and Caroline Baker, Brewer-street, Pimlico, gave the prisoner Patching a good character.)

PATCHING-


GUILTY. Aged 25.—Recommended to mercy

.



Transported for Ten Years.


LEWIS—


NOT GUILTY
.


Fifth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
