



1291. 




CHARLES DRAYBALL, alias
 Francis Medex

, was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Walter Faithful, on the 
20th of April, and stealing therein, 2 decanter stands, value 1l. 7s.; and 1 flageolet, value 10s.; his good; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






CATHERINE GRIFFITHS
. I am in the service of Mr. Walter Faithful, who lives in Augusta-street, Park-village, Regent's-park—it is a private house. On the 20th of April, a young woman came and knocked at the door and gave me information—I saw the parlour window open, which I had seen shut ten minutes before, and the wire blind forced off—I missed two decanter stands and a flageolet, from the cheffioneer, in the front parlour—I saw nothing of the prisoner.





WILLIAM BLOTT
. I am a coach-painter by trade, but was assisting Mr. M'Kenzie, a publican, at the time in question. On Friday morning, the

20th of April, about nine o'clock, I saw the prisoner in company with another lad, coming towards Augusta-street, from the Crescent—about eleven o'clock I saw them again coming up Augusta-street, and about twelve o'clock, as I was passing up the village, I saw the prisoner run across the road from the prosecutor's house, with something under his jacket, on the left side—he put his hand several times to his cap, as if to prevent it falling off, as if he had something in it—I did not pursue him myself, but others did—I saw him afterwards at the station-house, and knew him to be the lad I had seen before.

Prisoner. I was at home at my mother's house till past eleven o'clock, Witness I am certain he is the boy.





JOHN RALPH
. I am a labourer. I got a little fresh on the day in question, and was locked up at the station-house—the prisoner was put is the same cell with me—while there he asked me what I was fn for—I said "For being in liquor," and said, "What are you in for?"—he said, "For a robbery"—said, "For what?"—he said, "Two decanters and a flageolet"—he said he went in at the window, that the window made a noise, and he went back, but returned a second time, which he was sorry for, and he was sure to have fourteen yean for it—I was sober at the time he told me this.

Prisoner. I never said any such thing.





CHARLES MEDEX
. I live with my mother in Burton-street, Bruns wick-road. The prisoner is my brother—this handkerchief (looking at one.) is just like one he had.





STEPHEN TAYLOR
. I am a policeman. On the 20th of April, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I heard of the robbery, and went to the prosecutor's—the prisoner was brought there, and a person gave me these three keys, saying, the prisoner had thrown them away—he said he had not—I found a knife and a penny-piece on him—I took him to the station-house after him there, and went back to search for the property, and in an unfurnished house, in Park-place, I found these two decanter-stands wrapped in the handkerchief which has been produced—I took them to the prosecutor, who claimed them—his house is in the parish of St. Pancras. (Property produced and sworn to.)





THOMAS WALLIS
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I obtained from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was a witness on the trial—the prisoner is the person—I know him well.




GUILTY* of stealing, but not of breaking and entering.—Aged 14.



Transported for Fourteen Years.
