



1894. 




GEORGE AHLERS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of June, 1 watch, value 3l., the goods of 




Francis John Barnard.






FRANCIS JOHN BARNARD
. I live in Leman-street, Whitechapel, and am a watchmaker. On the 6th of June I saw the prisoner in my house, about half-past eleven o'clock—he said he was captain and owner of the ship Johanna, from Hamburgh to New York, and wanted to buy some watches—I showed him eight or nine—he was with me about two hours—he gave me an order for about 50l. or 60l. worth of watches and time-pieces—he did not select them—he left it entirely to me—he said he was not particular what the amount was—after he was gone I missed a watch—on the next day two young men came into my shop—I made inquiries of them, and I had reason to believe that the prisoner was neither a captain nor an owner of a ship—he afterwards came and dined with me—I had heard he was an impostor, but he gave himself such a good character that I did not suspect him—I afterwards found my watch in pawn.

Prisoner. I was captain of a ship, but I did not steal this watch—I had been twice after that in the prosecutor's house.





WILLIAM ANDERTON
. I am a pawnbroker, in Cannon-street-road. I produce this watch—it was pawned by the prisoner, on the 7th of June, for 35s.





FRANCIS JOHN BARNARD

re-examined. This is my watch—I know it by the case, the maker's name, and the gold figures—I do not know the

number—it is not one of my make—the sight of it is enough—it was the only watch of this kind I had—I laid it on the table while the prisoner was there, and when he had left it was gone—I had it by me six weeks—I think it is a watch not made to go—it does go, but I do not suppose it keeps time.





NATHANIEL JACKSON
 (police-constable H 114.) I took the prisoner—he said he knew nothing of the watch, but he would take the goods which he gave the prosecutor the order for, as soon as he got his money—I found the duplicate of this watch on him.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not steal it—I bought it of another man in the morning, and I bought three more of him in the afternoon—his name is Jacob Miers.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
