



2354. 




JOHN DAVIS
 was again indicted

 for forging and uttering a request for the delivery of goods, with intent to defraud 



James Henry Weldon.






JAMES WAYTE
. I am clerk to Mr. Weldon. On the 24th of July, the prisoner came to his warehouse, and said he came for samples of feathers for Mr. Cooper, of Dartford—I gave him some—he came again on the 26th, but on the 25th, we had received an order for two bags of feathers, to be got ready by two o'clock the following day, and the cart would call for them—the order was delivered at the warehouse—I cannot say whether it came by post or not—when the prisoner came on the 26th, he said he was come for the feathers for Mr. Cooper, of Dartford—it was a very wet day, and they were not quite ready—he had a spring-cart at the door—we told him the goods were not quite ready—he said, "I will put up my horse and cart in Farringdon-street, and return shortly"—he came again in about an hour and a half—we told him it was a very wet evening, he had better allow us to send the goods by the carrier as, in consequence, of the rain, they might get damaged—he said he had a good tarpaulin, and he could keep them dry—we lent him some bags to put over them, and he took the goods away—we afterwards received an order for horsehair by letter, to be sent to the Spotted Dog, Strand—I went there with an officer, saw the prisoner, and gave him in charge.
(The order for the feathers was here read, and purported to be signed by F. Cooper, High-street, Dartford, and gave as a reference the name of Mr. Dale, of Wardour-street, Soho.)





RICHARD ROOK
. I saw the prisoner at Mr. Weldon's warehouse on the 24th of July. He stated that he had called for Mr. Cooper, for samples of two descriptions of feathers—he represented himself as the foreman of Mr. Cooper—the feathers were then delivered to him—I afterwards went to Dartford—I made particular search in the High-street there, to find out Mr. Cooper, but could find no such person—I inquired at the Post-office and of the constable—I know Mr. Dale of Wardour-street, Soho.





JAMES HENRY WELDON
. I saw the prisoner at my house on the 5th of August. I showed him the letter of the 2nd of August—I had previously said I could not send the horsehair because I did not know the price—he said, "The price is 10s. which I had put in my writing."
(The order being read, was for a small bag of curled horsehair at 10s., and was signed
"F. COOPER, High-street, Dartford.")





JOHN WILKS
. I am a policeman. I went to the Spotted Dog, and took the prisoner into custody—he attempted to get away, but I took him—he

refused to give his name at Bow-street, but at the Compter he gave the name of John Davis—he refused to give any address—he pulled out a letter which he was reading at Bow-street, and while I was looking another way he tore the direction off.

Prisoner. Q. Tell what the contents of the letter were? A. It wan a bill for lodging.

Prisoner's Defence. I have known Mr. Cooper eight or ten yean—he represented that he had taken a shop at Dartford, and I did not know but he had really done so—I have been innocently drawn into it—Cooper had been at the Spotted Dog the very day I was taken—I used to meet him at different places in town, and he told me he lived in the country.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
