






1278. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LEWIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILTSHIRE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George Richard 
                           Phillips
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  RICHARD PHILLIPS
               



            . I was in Rupert-street


 on the 21st of June, between one and two o'clock; I felt the flap of my coat move - I looked round, and saw myhandkerchief on the ground; I heard Stop thief! called, and saw both the prisoners in custody across the street, but they might have taken the handkerchief; it had been in my pocket just before - this is it.
JOHN FOX. I am sexton of St. Ann's church. I was at the church, and saw the prosecutor go by - the prisoners and another person attempted to pick his pocket; I told the beadle, and we followed them through the market- when they got half way down Newport-market Wiltshire took the handkerchief from the prosecutor, and threw it to the other, but he did not take it; it fell on his arm, and then on the ground - I took Wiltshire, and the beadle took Lewis.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Where did you see them attempt the pocket first? A. At the church door; Wiltshire attempted it - I was eight or ten yards from them: I told the beadle, and we followed them - I am confident they attempted it; I did not take them - I did not know they were committing a felony: I told the beadle what I saw - he took up Lewis; he did not attempt to take Wiltshire - when I first saw them I did not know I had any business to take them; the other one escaped: Lewis was rather behind him, but he had his hand upon his shoulder, and the other one had a pipe in his mouth - they walked with the hand on the shoulder; I did not know Lewis before - he did not touch the handkerchief.


                  JOSHUA 
                  IVORY
               



            . I am the beadle. Fox spoke to me -I saw the three persons in company; I did not see any thing done till we got to Newport-street, when I saw Wiltshire draw the handkerchief from the prosecutor - he threw it to the other: it dropped on his arm, and then fell - I attempted to take Lewis, but he ran across; I sung out Stop thief! and he was stopped - the prosecutor turned, and took up the handkerchief.
Cross-examined. Q. What time of day was this? A. Between one and two o'clock; I did not see Wiltshire attempt the prosecutor's pocket before this.(Property produced and sworn to.)
LEWIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
WILTSHIRE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
