



793. 





JOHN GRIFFITHS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of January, 1 carpet bag, value 2s.; and 1 spoon, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of I 




William Thomas Elder.






WILLIAM THOMAS ELDER
. I hold a public appointment in the Ordnance—my country house is at Norwood, in Surrey. The prisoner lived in my service, as gardener—he came on the 3rd of August, and left in September, in consequence of my discharging him for theft—on the morning of the 9th of January my house was broken open land entered, and a variety of articles stolen, among which was this carpet bag—I am certain it is mine—(looking at it)—some of the articles I lost were plate.





ELIZABETH ROWLAND
. I am housekeeper to Mr. Elder, and lived at his country house, when the prisoner lived there as gardener. I emptied this bag (looking at it) on the over night, and left it on my kitchen table, on the 9th of January—the house was broken open in the night, and this bag taken—we missed one plated spoon, three forks, with my master's crest on them—on the morning after the robbery I found a hank, or twist of silk, on the kitchen floor—it was not there when I went to bed—I had seen it before in the prisoner's possession, and my master's coat had been mended with it—I had seen the prisoner use it three times to mend the coat.





JOHN OSBORN KNOTT
 (police-constable N 78.) On Monday night, the 22nd of January, I was on duty at Stamford-hill, and met the prisoner with a bag—I stopped him, and asked what it contained—he said, "Fowls" I asked him as to his possession of them—he. said he bought them at Tottenham, of a farmer of the name of Jones—this is the bag he had with him—(producing one)—be gave the name of Thomas Jones.

Prisoner. I had a bag that night, because a man lent it me to bring home the fowls.

Prisoner's Defence. The carpet bag I do not know any thing about—but the man Jones, that I bought the ten fowls of, lent it me, at half-past five o'clock in the evening—I gave no such name as Thomas Jones—I said the man I bought the poultry of was Jones—I never denied my name—my name is Griffiths—I have every reason to believe the man gave me a wrong address—I never was a thief.




GUILTY
. Aged 39.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
