





1510. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STACEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of May
, 1 shawl, value 5s.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d., and 1 snuff-box, value 2d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gerrard
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  GERRARD
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Gerrard
               



            , who keeps the half-way house, at Knightsbridge




. I have known the prisoner some time - he came to our room on the 3rd of May, and asked if my husband was at home - I said No - he then asked me to fetch a pint of beer, which I did, leaving my shawl, handkerchief, and snuff-box in the room; when I came back the prisoner and I drank the beer - he then went away, and I missed these things - he afterwards gave my husband the snuff-box, and the shawl we found at the pawnbrokers.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not stop half an hour in the room, and have some bread and cheese? A. No, you did not; you said you were in a hurry; you only drank the beer, and then went out.


                  RICHARD 
                  SWAN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a shawl,which was pawned by the prisoner, in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Williams
               



            , on the 3rd of May, for 1s. 6d; I knew the prisoner, and was applied to on this subject two days afterwards.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say, at Queen-square, that you believed me to be the man by the description given of me? A. I said I had a belief you was the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEPPARD
               



            . I am a labouring man, I was drinking a pint of beer in a public-house - the prisoner brought in a duplicate of a shawl, which he offered for sale for 1s. - it was on the 3rd or 4th of May - it said on the duplicate "one shawl 1s. 6d."


                  THOMAS 
                  MADDEN
               



            . I took the prisoner into custody on the 20th of May - he had been in the House of Correction for deserting his wife.


                  JOHN 
                  GERRAND
               



            . I am the prosecutor. This is my wife's shawl and handkerchief - I had had no quarrel with the prisoner; I went to look after him, and found him in bed, the next day - I said he had taken the property, and if he brought it back it would be all right.
Prisoner's Defence. She gave me the snuff-box to take a pinch of snuff, and, being in liquor, I put it into my pocket - the prosecutor came to me, and I gave it him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
