



488. 




HENRY STANTON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
26th of April, at 
St. Mary, Islington, 3 watches, value 30l., the goods of 



James Stafford, in his dwelling-house.






JAMES STAFFORD
. I live at No. 9, Gainsford—street, in the parish of St. Mary. Islington. I keep the house myself, and let the first floor—on

Saturday, the 18th of April, the prisoner came to look at my apartments, and on Monday, the 20th, he engaged the front parlour as a breakfast-room, and the back room second floor as a sleeping-room—they were furnished—he staid till Sunday, the 26th, but I did not see him myself at all on the 26th—I saw him on the Thursday, but not after—my bed-room was on the same floor as his—I had three watches in my bed-room cupboard—one was a silver chronometer, one a silver double-bottomed duplex, made by Hamlet, and the other a silver bottomed vertical watch, with the name of" Windsor"—I have since seen the vertical watch, it is No. 1037—I had put the watches safe on Sunday morning, the 26th, and I missed them between ten and eleven o'clock that night, when I was going to bed—the prisoner did not return that night—I had been out, and got home about ten o'clock—he was gone then—I did not see him till the 26th of January, this year, when I saw him at Queen-square-office—my bed-room door and the prisoner's were near each other—I did not keep my room door locked—the prisoner had not paid any rent, nor given notice of his intention to go—I have since seen the vertical watch at Bentham's, the pawnbroker's—I have not the least hesitation in swearing it is one of the three I lost—the three were worth 30l.—the silver chronometer was worth 23l., and the vertical watch 3l.





MARY STAFFORD
. I am the wife of the last witness. I recollect the prisoner coming to out house—I saw my husband put the watches into a rack, and take them up-stairs, a little before nine o'clock on Sunday morning, the 26th—the prisoner was in his bed-room at that time—it joins our bed-room—my husband was speaking on the bottom stair to a firstfloor lodger about the watches—the prisoner's door was partly open, and I dare say he might hear it—I was in the kitchen, close to the stair-case—I believe the prisoner could hear what passed—his breakfast things were all ready in the parlour, but he did not take his breakfast—I asked my husband if I should take the watches up—he said, "No, you will let them fall; I will take them up myself, and shall be sure they are safe"—I do not think it was more than ten minutes after that, that the prisoner came down stairs and went into the parlour—I remained in the kitchen expecting him to call for his warm water for breakfast, but he did not—I saw him pass the kitchen door and go out and shut the door—I never saw him after till he was at Queen-square—I went into the parlour after that he was gone, and went to his bed-room—he left nothing behind but some wood and other little things in a box, but no clothes.

Prisoner. Q. Was I in the habit of breakfasting every morning? A. No; Thursday was the first time he breakfasted—I was out part of the day on Sunday, and my husband also—Mr. Barras and my father took care of the house when we were absent.





GEORGE ADNUM
. I am shopman to Mr. Bentham, a pawnbroker, of 224, High Holborn. I produce a watch pawned on the 27th of April, in the name of Henry Stanley, 22, Lamb's Conduit-street, for 30s.—I afterwards wrote a form of a declaration, stating that the ticket was lost—the prisoner applied to me for that declaration, stating that he had lost the duplicate—I am not certain he is the man—here is the declaration he made—I delivered it to the man applying for it, and who I believed had pawned the watch, but I cannot say—I gave him the declaration in November—I wrote the article and date in it—he put his signature to it in my presence.





HENRY JAMES MAYER
. I am a surgeon, and live in Groat Queen-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields. The prisoner came to me some month's

ago, and described himself as a medical man, reduced in circumstances, stating himself to be related to the late Mr. Stanton in the Strand, whom I knew, and saying, if I knew of a situation, be should be glad if I would let him know—knowing his relations, I said I should be very happy to recommend him—he wrote his address, and left me—about three weeks after he called, and said he had obtained a situation in Devonshire, and requested a private interview—he said he had a favour to request, which he should be obliged if I would grant him—that some time since he had pawned a watch (which belonged, I believe to his father) when he was in distress, and he requested that I would take care of this article for him, that it should not be lost, as he was leaving town—I thought he meant for me to pay the interest, that it might not be lost—I asked him why he did not apply to Mr. Stanton's relatives—he said he was at variance with them—that he had been in distress five years, and in great poverty, and had lost his friends; that Mr. Harvey, a medical man had already lent him 1l. and he showed me a letter from Mr. Harvey, stating he could do no more for him—after some hesitation, I was induced to comply with his request, and he left the declaration which has been produced in my hand—I did not examine it till he was gone—I thought it rather singular he did not mention to me what the paper was—some time after, meeting some of the late Mr. Stanton's connexions, I mentioned the circumstance—I am certain this is the paper he left in my hands—I saw him write the direction he left with me—I have it here—I do not believe the signature to the declaration to be his hand writing—yes I believe it is the same—Hughes the constable came to me afterwards, and I delivered to him this declaration.

Prisoner. Q. I think you told me to leave my address with your assistant in the shop? A. I did—I saw you write it—I was in the shop at the time—I did not see the words he wrote, but I saw him writing—I saw him tracing the characters—in the act of writing.





CHARLES HAYWARD HUGHES
. I am an officer. I went to Mr. Mayer, and obtained that declaration from him—I went to Mr. Bentham's and this watch was produced.





GEORGE ADNUM

re-examined. I have the counterpart of the original duplicate—it belongs to the watch produced—the declaration would be sufficient to redeem the watch, it is dated the 14th of November. (read.)

Prisoner. Q. Have you any recollection of my pawing the watch? A. None; nor of your obtaining the declaration.





JAMES STAFFORD

re-examined. This is my watch—the cupboard door was not locked—it was buttoned—I closed my bed-room door.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not pawn it.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Life. There were four other indictments against the prisoner.
