



1943. 




JOHN STRATFORD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of June, 2 reams of paper., value 2l., the goods of 




John Wilson.






JAMES LEWIS
. I am porter to Mr. John Wilson, a printer, in Herring Court, Red Cross-street On Saturday, the 8th of June, I went to dinner about one o'clock, leaving a bundle of printed paper in the warehouse, and when I returned, it was gone—this is it—(looking at it.)





JOHN WILSON
. I am a printer—this is my paper—I missed it when my attention was directed to it, and offered a reward.





WILLIAM BANKES
. I live with my father in Herring-court, next door to Mr. Wilson's. On Saturday, the 8th of June, between one and two o'clock, I was looking out of window, and saw the prisoner go into Mr. Wilson's, printing-office—he had nothing in his hand then—he was in there about three minutes, and then came out with this paper on his arm—he walked about half-way down the court, then lifted the bundle on his shoulder, and went away.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you know him. before? A. No—I am sure of him.





SARAH BILTON
. I live two or three doors from Mr. Wilson's, and cook, for his men. On Saturday, the 8th of June, between one and two o'clock, I went in with their dinners, and saw the prisoner come out of the door with a bundle, like this, partly on his arm and partly on his shoulder—I am quite sure he is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever see him before? A. No—I described his person afterwards—I saw him again on Monday morning in custody—I never said he was not the person.





JOHN GILES HALES
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Old-street—I took this paper in pledge in the name of Henry Johnson, 21, Paul-street, Finsbury—I believe the prisoner to be the man, but I am not quite positive.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. Not to my knowledge—I will not sweat to him.






JAMES BRANNAN
. I am a police-constable—I took the prisoner into custody on Monday, 10th of June—be had been described in hand-bills—I told him to consider himself in my custody—he asked for what—I said, "for stealing a quantity of paper in Red-Cross-street"—he said, "I am unfortunate to have a bad name, and you are down upon me."

Cross-examined. Q. Did the prisoner ever come to the station-house, and give himself up? A. No—I believe he was discharged at first, no being found to prefer a specific charge against him—I took him again day.




GUILTY
.* Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
