





1027. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  EDWARDS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of June
, 2 tea-spoons, value 5s.; and 1 phosphorus bottle, with matches, value 1s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Fossett
               




            .
WILLIAM FOSSETT. I am a stay-maker
, and live in Oxford-street. I left some articles at my brother-in-law, Mr. Pettingel's, in March last, and amongst them were the articles stated - on the 7th of June, I received information from Mr. Pettingel - I went to the house, unlocked the door, and went to the front parlour, where I had left the phosphorus bottle, to get a light - I could not find it - I came to the door, and some person had got a light - I then looked, and saw the prisoner in the area on the dustbox - I went into the kitchen, got the prisoner into the kitchen, placed him on the dresser, and asked what he did there - he said, some boys had been playing, and thrown his jacket into the area, and he had got through the railings to get it, and he had given it up to the other boys, who had run away with it - I gave him to the officer, and then went to a drawer where I had left a spoon, and it was gone - I then missed another spoon, which I had left in a glass, in which I had mixed some saline mixture on the Wednesday before - I went to the watch-house and saw the spoons - these are them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FEAVER 
               



            (police-constable T 126). I went to the house, and took the prisoner from the area into the kitchen - I found on him this phosphorus box and matches - I took him to the watch-house, and found these two silver spoons rolled up in the bottom of his trowsers, which were pinned up - the area was covered with bars, but they were not fixed in the wall - there was a space through which the prisoner could get down - the kitchen door was left open to give air into the house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 11. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
