





OLD COURT. TUESDAY, JANUARY 10.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
455. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FITZSIMMONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of December
, 1 box, value 1d.; 1 half-sovereign, and 14 shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Murphy
                  




               
            .
SUSANNAH MURPHY. I live at Uxbridge


, and keep a stationer's shop
. On the 5th of December, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was in my kitchen, on the ground floor, and saw the prisoner in my shop, drawing himself back from a stooping posture, with his hands in his breeches pocket; he appeared confused - I went and asked what he wanted; he asked if I sold varnish - I said No, and he went out; I looked at my till, and found it open - I had seen it quite secure five minutes before; I missed a box, containing half a sovereign, and about 14s. - I went to the door, but could not see him; I described him to Collins - he had a paper cap on; I am certain he is the man.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HENRY COLLINS
               



            . I live at Uxbridge. Mrs. Murphy described the man to me, as having a paper cap on; I went and saw the prisoner about sixty yards from the house - I followed, and secured him; he said hewould trounce me if I took him - I took him to the shop, and found 12s. 6d. in his trousers pocket; I took him to the office, and while the constable was searching him I sent to ascertain what Mrs. Murphy had lost; I then went, and found near the spot where I took him this box; the half-sovereign has not been found.
Prisoner. Q. How far was I down the turning? A. About twenty feet, and I found the box down there in a garden.(Box produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. As I went by the shop I saw a young woman come out; I went in to ask for mahogany varnish - she had none, and I came out; I went down a turning, which certainly is no through fare - I went for a necessary purpose, and as I came out the gentleman seized me.
MRS. MURPHY. There was no female in my shop.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
