





792. 
               
                  MARY 
                  STOCKBRIDGE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of March
, 6 books, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Thompson
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a coal-merchant
, and live in John-street, Adelphi


. The prisoner came into my service in February, as servant of all work
; I gave her into custody on the 16th of March - I had missed some books, and among them the six stated in the indictment; they were found at Mr. Levy's.
LAZARUS LEVY. I live with my father, who is a general-dealer, in Kingsland-road. I was going along the Strand on the 13th of March; the prisoner and a man came to me, and asked if I bought old clothes - I said Yes- she then said had some books; she showed me these six, and asked 12s. for them - I offered her 7s. for them, and bought six of them for 8s.; I sold them for 10s.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q.What time of day was this? A.About two o'clock - I never said it was seven in the evening; I never said she had a cloak on - she had a dark shawl and a white bonnet on.
WILLIAM LONERGAN. I bought these books of this witness for 10s.


                  JOHN 
                  NESRITT
               



             (Police-serjeant E 6). I took the prisoner, and have the books.
MR. THOMPSON. These are mine.
Cross-examined. Q.How do you know them? A.By having had them thirteen or fourteen years in my possession - I have not seen many bound in this way; I know them from the colour being faded - there is no mark on them; the prisoner was a fortnight in my house - she went on errands occasionally; I live in chambers - there are other offices on the same floor - I do not know whether any one lives there; the prisoner came to me with a false character, which she has since acknoledge she wrote herself.
COURT to LAZARUS LEVY. Q.Will you swear the prisoner is the woman you bought them of? A. Yes, I am sure of her; she had the same dress on as she has now; I was treating with her for twenty minutes - I particularly noticed her eyes; she squinted.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
