




1733. 




WILLIAM SMITH. alias
 William Slade Smith.

 was indicted

 for feloniously forging, on the 
5th of April, at 
St. Luke, Chelsea, a certain order for the payment of the sum of £100, with intent to defraud 



Clement Wigney and another.—2nd COUNT. for uttering the same with the like intent.—Two other COUNTS, for forging and uttering the signature thereto.—Four other COUNTS, stating his intent to be to defraud 



William Masterman and others.—Four other COUNTS. stating his intent to be to defraud 



Sophia Woodden.


MR. CLARKSON. conducted the Prosecution.






SOPHIA WOODDEN
. I am a widow, and live in Lower Sloane-street, Chelsea. I have lived there thirty-nine years—I know the prisoner very well indeed—I knew his father, who is now dead—I am entitled to some property, which I am kept out of—I put my whole confidence in the prisoner, and I had a good deal of conversation with him about it—he said it was all going on well, and I was in a fair prospect of recovering the property—the prisoner is a schoolmaster by profession—after his father was dead and buried, a friend of theirs at Woodbridge sent him to me to thank me for my kindness to his father and that was How we became acquainted—I told him myself that I had a claim to some property, and told him my case—I took him into my house for six weeks when he first came—he was very much distressed—he said, if my claim was looked into I should recover the property—he said he knew a gentleman in the law who was very clever, a Sir John Laws, who was a commissioner of laws—I put it down in my little book—(reads.—"Sir John Laws, commissioner of laws, Plummer's-buildings, Temple"—he told me he used to see Sir John Laws, and he had 6l. or seeing him—he proposed that Sir John Laws should look into this business, and I furnished him with various sums of money for the purpose of communicating with Sir John Laws—I did so at his request—he used to tell me what he should want, and received letters from Sir John—the prisoner said be wanted 100l. to send to Mr. Salmon (Sir John Laws' clerk,) at Brighton, who was to send this money to the Archbishop of Canterbury, for a faculty to remove my father's body to the family vault of his ancestors, the Buckingham family—I had four letters from Sir John—he showed me a letter about the faculty—this is it—(looking at one.—it came to me by post—here is the post-mark—I read it myself, and the prisoner also read it over to me, as part I could hardly make out—it is written across and across—he told me it was Sir John Laws' letter—here is Sir John Laws' name to it—he did not tell me whose letter it was, only that Sir John Laws had written for this sum of money, and I showed him the letter.





THOMAS MALL AN
. I am a broker and appraiser, and live in George-street, Chelsea. I have known the prisoner well for about two years, and have seen him write frequently—I believe this letter to be his handwriting.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Have you been acquainted with Mrs. Woodden at all? A. Yes, I have distrained for rent for her—I was employed to distrain for rates for the parish of Chelsea sixteen or seventeen years ago—I was not dismissed from that in consequence of any deficiencies—I gave it up to go into the public line—I continued in that line about eleven months, it did not answer my purpose, and I let it, and became a broker again—no charge was ever made against me for appropriating money belonging to the parish—I had a daughter occasionally in the prosecutrix's employ—I am not aware that she was dismissed by the

representation of the prisoner—I never said the prisoner had got my daughter out of the prosecutrix's service by false statements, and I would do for him for it—I told him I thought he had acted very wrong in raising reports about ray daughter going for porter for Mrs. Woodden, and charging 6d. for what she paid 4d. for—that was after he made use of very improper language to me—I have seen the prisoner write frequently—I cannot exactly recollect now what—I have seen him write letters frequently, some a year and a half ago, and some within the last four or five months—I have seen him write in Mrs. Woodden's kitchen—I have seen him write two or three hands—I will swear I have seen him write that hand—I do not remember on what occasion he wrote that band—I am still a broker—I have been nothing but a broker and publican for the last twenty-six years—I served my time to a tailor.
(This letter was here read. It was addressed to the prosecutrix, and purported to be favoured by Lord Ebrington; dated St. Cloud, near Paris, 27th March. 1839. It held out to the prosecutrix that her claim was in the course of investigation, and conclusive evidence had been obtained, and urging the necessity of re-interring her father's body in the family vault, which would be impossible without interest being made with the Archbishop of Canterbury, Signed. "J. LAWS.")





SOPHIA WOODDEN
. re-examined. The prisoner told me 100l. was to be sent to Mr. Salmon, for the Archbishop of Canterbury, for the faculty—I went to the Bank with the prisoner, went to my broker, and he sold the money out—I went to Masterman's, and deposited it there, to be sent down to Mr. Salmon, at Brighton—I think it was on the 4th of April last—the prisoner was with me—he saw me lay the money down on the counter, and the gentleman take it up.





THOMAS MALLAN

re-examined. The indorsement on this £100 note is in the prisoner's hand-writing—(looking at one.)

Cross-examined. Q. Is it the same hand-writing as the letter? A. No, he writes different hands—he has written "William Smith, 6s. Commercial-road, Lambeth."

MRS. WOODDEN. Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Are you related to the Buckingham family? A. I believe I am Lord Sheffield's great granddaughter—the gentleman who has now got the title has taken it from me—I am also related to the family of Lord Macclesfield—I remember Lord Macclesfield well, and remember his coming to see me very well, at my house in Lower Sloane-street—he asked to see the next house, and I went and showed it him—we were not old acquaintances, but my brother used to do all his business for him, painting and glazing, and I used to see him.

Q. Are you entitled to the Macclesfield estates? A. If my father was, and I survive him, I must be—my father lived with a lady, and he had two sons by her—my father's name was Clarke—he married one of Lord Sheffield's daughter, and my father was Lord Sheffield's grandson—therefore I must be his great granddaughter—my father was a baronet, and he left me his title, but I never had it, and into whose hands it has got I cannot say—he went by the name of Joseph Clarke, but when Lord Sheffield died he had got his letters-patent, and the arms on it—but my poor father died, and did not take it up—I remember seeing them when I was a girl—he said, "My dear girl, I won't have this yet"—I saw his title when I was about twelve years old—he had it out of his desk—I said, "Let me

look at that, it is very pretty"—he said, "No, dear, you shall have this by-and-bye"—that was his title—I will swear that.

Q. You had some acquaintance with Lord Shaftsbury, I believe? A. Yes; he lived in the house with us, at Kensington Gravel-pits, some time—he did not pay his addresses to me, but I was informed he was an admirer of me—he never said any thing to me—I never quarrelled with him—I never had a word with him—I was going home one day, and he overtook me on horseback, and said, "My dear, How would you like to have a husband?" "Oh, sir," said I, not recollecting him, "how would you like a careless wife"—I did not think about a husband—that was my answer to him, but it was very wrong—he paid no attention to me after that—my mother told me, if any body spoke to me on the road, never to notice them—I was about thirteen years old, I believe, when this occurred—I have a great quantity of forfeited property, principally from an East India Captain named Josiah Price—I have not got it; I have only heard of it—Lord Shaftsbury knows a great deal about it, for he was left trustee of the Buckingham family—he knows more about my affairs than I know myself—I do not know what became of Captain Price—I am afraid he waa hanged, from what I have heard, but I am not sure—I did not get a halfpenny of the property—I heard I became entitled to some by his death—I knew him well—I cannot be sure he was hanged, but I have heard something became of him that was not right—he never paid his addresses to me—he had got a lady and six or seven children—I heard I became entitled to his property through his misconduct to roe in my first husband's time—we parted—we did not agree, and they wrote down disrespectfully of me to the Captain, and I believe it was his intention to destroy me, for he passed through my bed-room, when I was in bed, about one o'clock in the morning, with a knife in his hand—I was awake—I never saw any more of him till, some time after, a parcel of people got into my house making a riot and noise all night—there were upwards of forty of them, and I saw him among them—I believe they would have shot me if they could—a great many people want me out of the way, but I cannot tell what for—I do not know whether they want to kill me; they want me out of the way—I never saw the Captain from the time I saw him with the knife till I saw him in my house with the forty people—that was about the time old queen Charlotte died—they were rioting and gamboling, with the Captain among them—I cannot tell what they were doing—I had no business in the first floor of that apartment—these were upwards of forty of them, and a great many of them were theatrical people; and two boys, named Searl, wanted to shoot me—they had horse-pistols—I saw them—I think Mr. Calvert helds possession of a great deal of my property—he has made a gentleman of his footman that was—he now holds the butler's place, and now he has made him his private gentleman—that makes me think I am entitled to the property.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you ever received any property from any of the sources you think you are entitled to? A. Never a single sixpence—I suppose I am entitled to it from what people have told me, and I have had them peeping through the doorway at me when I have been on business—I have not had conversation with the prisoner about these matters—I told him about the Macclesfield property, and told him I thought there were fines also, but I did not tell him about the Prices—my father's body was to be removed by the faculty to the vault of the Buckingham family.






THOMAS BRAND
. I am cashier in the house of Messrs. Masterman, Peters, and Co. On the 4th of April I received this £100 note at their banking-house—it was paid in by Mrs. Woodden, to be received by C. Salmon at Brighton—I sent this letter of advice to Mr. Wigney, of the Brighton bank, in consequence—the Brighton bankers correspond with us as their agents—by this letter they would have authority to pay the 100l. to the order of C. Salmon.

Cross-examined. Q. Has this note your hand-writing upon it? A. Yes of the particulars, written at the moment I received it.





WILLIAM WIGNEY
. I am a clerk in the firm of Wigney & Co. of Brighton—there are two partners—Mr. Clement Wigney is one of them—Masterman and Co., are our London correspondents. On the 5th of April last I received this letter—it authorises us to pay 100l. to C. Salmon—the prisoner applied for the money the same day—he inquired whether we had a sum of money paid in to the name of Salmon—I referred to the letter, and said yes—he stated that he was Mr. Salmon—he filled up this cheque, which I saw him sign—(read.—"April 5, 1839. Pay self, or bearer, 100l. CHARLES SALMON."—I paid him the money—I am well acquainted with Brighton—I never heard of Sir John Laws there, or of Charles Salmon.

Cross-examined. Q. You cannot tell whether there might not be some person staying at some hotel or lodging-house there of the name of Salmon? A. No—I am quite sure of the prisoner's person—I never saw him before—I wrote the cheque, and saw him sign it—it was written off quick, in the way a man would write—we held this money for Mr. Salmon, according to the directions in the letter.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Suppose nobody had called for this money, would it have remained with you, or gone back to your correspondent? A. It would remain with us till applied for.





FRANCIS HERBERT
. I am agent to the attorney for this prosecution. I accompanied Mr. Archbut, the solicitor, to Brighton, on the 3rd of April, to make inquiry for Sir John Laws, and Mr. Salmon, his clerk—I inquired at the libraries, the newspaper offices, the post-office, and every where I could imagine, but could find neither of such persons—I came to London, and went to the four Inns of Court, but could find no such person as Sir John Laws—I know nothing of such an office as "commissioner of laws."
(Frederick Day, attorney, of Hemel Hampstead, who had known the prisoner up to 1834, deposed to his good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
