



1879. 





NORAH GRADY
 was indicted

 for stealing, On the 
19th of August, 1 brooch, value 9s.; 3 waistbands, value 9d.; and 1 apron, value 3d.; the goods of 



Sarah Jones: 3 seals, value 16s.; 3 knives, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of shoes, value 9d.; 1 handkerchief, value 3d.; and 2 waistbands, value 3d.; the goods of 




Thomas Marshall, her master.






SARAH MARSHALL
. I am the wife of Thomas Marshall, licensed victualler, of St. George's-terrace. The prisoner lived servant of all-work with me for eleven months—I had reason to suspect her, having lost a great many things—on the 19th of July I missed three seals, and told her, that having lost so many things I had reason to suspect her—I asked her if she was willing I should look into her box, otherwise I should send for an officer—she wished to go and fetch her boxes down herself, I would not allow that—I sent another servant for them—he brought them to my parlour—they were both locked—she took the keys from her side and opened them—she then told me I should find the seals, but that my son had put them there—I first found a brooch belonging to the bar-maid, and various other things—bands, 3 seals, and three knives, a pair of shoes, and

a handkerchief, &c., they were my property—I said, if my son had put them there she should have said so in the first instance, and not have denied it—but I was convinced to the contrary—my son is twelve years of age, and had come from school—I gave charge of her—this is my property.





SARAH JONES
. I live as bar-maid there. I was present when the prisoner's boxes where brought down by the boy—the prisoner opened one with a key she had by her side—I saw the property found—the brooch is mine—these three waist-bands and apron had been in my bed-room—my things are worth about ten shillings.





WILLIAM MORLEY
. (police-sergeant, C 18.) I took the prisoner and have the things.

Prisoner. My master's son gave me these things and put them in my box—he told me to keep them till he came back in a fortnight, that his mother might not see them; and the apron the bar-maid gave me.





SARAH MARSHALL
. She denied all knowledge of the things till they were found.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.
