




2026. 




WILLIAM NICHOLAS TOVEE
 and 



MARY TOVEE
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
31st of July, 37 lead lights, value 4l.; 9 wooden doors, value 30s.; 19 glazed window sashes, value 4l.; 5s.; 1 shelf, value 2s.; and 3 locks, value 2s.; the goods of 



Ann Smart, being fixed in a certain building, against the statute, &c.


MR. MAHON
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD SMART
. I live at No. 10, Titchburn-street, Regent-square, and am a carver and gilder. Mrs. Ann Smart is my mother—she is the proprietor of two houses in Booth-street, Springfields—I knew the prisoner, William Nicholas Tovee—I have seen the other prisoner in the smaller house—In November, the male prisoner applied to me on the subject of taking these houses, and on the 19th of December, we came to the agreement, and I delivered him the key of the two houses, with a yard at the back—one is considerably larger than the other—they wanted some small repairs, for which a peppercorn rent was to be taken for the first three months—I had been over the houses three or four weeks before, they then had doors, windos, and some locks—I cannot say how many, but the fixtures were all correet—there were cupboards and shelves in them, but the cupboards were not in a very good state—about three weeks after be took possession I was in the neighbourhood, and called to look at the larger house—there was a bill in the window of the smaller house, saying that the larger one was to let—It was in the same state, excepting a little white-washing—I have seen them both since the prisoners have been in custody, and there is not a door, or window, or shelf, or cupboard-door fixed in the houses—every thing is taken away—they all belonged to the landlady—no one but Toves had the occupation of the houses.





WILLIAM NICHOLAS TOVEE
. Was there one light in a hundred that was whole? as for the doors, they were not flt for fire-wood, and the floors were sunk six or eight inches—the two old street-door locks were not worth a penny, and you know Mr. Keen, in Kingsland-road, sent his two men to repair the premises—I was not near the premises for eight weeks.

Witness. I know the locks to be perfectly good, for I tried them myself—the doors were in a fair tenantable condition—the windows and frames were put in seven years back, and they were sound and good—they would have stood the whole term of twenty-four years well—there might have been broken glass.

Prisoner. Nearly all the glass was broken. I have never touched a thing in this house that was fit to repair. Witness. There was one room which he only took the bottom sash from—I have brought the other

sash here, to the state it is in—this is very good—the other were all in the same state—the lead lights were not broken to pieces—there might be some broken—I have had a surveyor, and he says the repairing of the house, to bring it into any thing like the same condition it was before, would cost me 40l.

JURY. Q. Were the sashes taken away of the same quality as this A. Yes; there were nine pair and a half of these sashes put in at the same time.





HENRY SMART
. I am son of Mrs. Ann Smart. I made inquiries of Mr. Grobecker of the prisoner's character—he gave him a good character—I saw the premises in about three weeks after the prisoner entered them—no dilapidation had commenced—I have not seen the premises since he left them—the windows were good, excepting the lead-lights, where there were a good many of the smaller panes broken—there were cupboards and doors—the doors were generally very good.





DAVID FORT
. I live in Booth-street, Brick-lane, and am a rent collector, I know the two houses the prisoner occupied—I always heard they were Mrs. Smart's—I saw them before Tovee entered them—I was going to take them myself—I looked all over them—the doors were generally very good all through the house—the windows nearly new—some lead lights were broken—the white-washing was wanted—I was in Booth-street abont February or March, after the prisoner had taken possession—I saw him holding a sash in his hand, while a boy was cutting the sashlines—It was removed into the room altogether—about six or seven weeks ago, I saw these two houses—that was just before I made a levy on him for rent, on the 11th of August—I then went over both houses—the large house was complete shell—the doors had been torn off by crow-bars—the prisoner was in possession then—half the kitchen staires were taken away—the smaller house was in the same state, except that part occupied by two tenants, who lived up staires—the lower part was gutted in the same way, but not so bad as the large one—the back lights were all out on the one-pair of stairs—I looked for Mr. Tovee afterwards—I found him at three o'clock in the morning, concealed in a gutter, at the back of his house—I had been looked for him for ten days.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me touch anything? A. I saw you hold the sash in your hand.





SAMUEL PRESTAGE
. I live in Booth-street, nearly opposite the prisoner—I remember the prisoner living in the small house five or six months—I have seen him and his son Dick take out all the lead lights—they were about nine sheets, very good indeed—two or three weeks after that, I saw Mrs. Tovee and a lad—she had got hold of a sash—my attention was taken away for a minute, and then it was gone altogether—after that, they went to the house several times—Tovee was generally living in the smaller house—I have seen Mrs. Tovee bring out different thing at times—some appeared to be shelves of cupboards out of the large house—I saw her take them into the small house, which adjoined it, and lock up the large house—one morning, about seven weeks ago, I had occasions to get up between five and six o'clock—I heard a great noise—I looked through the window and saw Mrs. Tovee and a lead tearing down some boards from a cupboard—I then saw her go into her own house with some wood—she then came out again, dragging a large heavey door, like a yard door—I said, "Are you going to gut that house or pull it down?"—she said, "what is that you, the house is mine, I shall do as I like"—I

said "It is not yours: I wish I knew where the landlord is, I would tell him"—she went into her house, and came out again, and was very abusive.

W. N. Tovee. Q. Did you see me take anything down? A. No.

COURT. Q. Did you see the man at home? A. I had seen him go out early, but he might have come home without my seeing him.





GEORGE PRESTAGE
. I am the son of the last witness—I know the two horses in Booth-street—I know the prisoners—I saw Mr. Tovee's son come out of the house with some windows on his head, and take them round the corner, and about the two months ago I saw Mrs. Tovee take some stairs out of the big house into her own, and then she got some doors out—I have heard the boy who carried the windows called Dick; he is Tovee's son.





SARAH ALLFORD
. I live at No. 2, Booth-street, I know the two houses that Tovee occupied—In April last we kept a horse in the yard of these houses—I saw the male prisoner with a little boy doing something to the lights—I did not see them take any away.

William Nicholas Tovee's Defence. I have been in the building trade twenty-five years—I have 5000l. worth of buildings conducted by me—I have been robbed of four crates of glass, and had all manner of doors and things stolen—I never took anything out of the house—I have five sons out of eight, and one of them, I am sorry to say, is a very bad one—these things were all to pieces—I no more took them away than you did—I am afraid I was robbed of them unfortunately—here is the bill that I paid the man for repairing the chimney-pieces—I have had two master glaziers there about the repairing of the lead-lights.
(Robert Goddard, carman, and James Goddard, carman, gave the prisoner a good character.

W. N. TOVEE—


GUILTY
. Aged 52—


Transported for seven Years


MARY TOVEE—


NOT GUILTY
.
