





1305. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HOWES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of May
, 5 gouges, value 1s.; 3 guages, value 1s.; 5 chisels, value 2s.; 1 oil-stone, value 1s.; 1 wooden rule, value 1s.; 1 hammer, value 9d.; 2 punches, value 4d.; 4 brad-awls, value 4d., and 1 trying-square, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Hoare
                     



                  ; and 4 dog-irons, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Harrison
                  



               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  HOARE
               



            . I am a journeyman carpenter
. On the 31st of May I lost the tools mentioned, which I had left on the Saturday evening in the attic at the Marquis of Tavistock's house


 - the house was not finished; these are the tools - I saw them at Bow-street; these brad-awls have my name on them, and I know the other- I lost the same number of things which were found; I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  GEORGE 
                  VICK
               



            . I am foreman of the joiners at that building. On Whit-Monday I heard these things were gone, and on the Tuesday I went and missed four dog-irons belonging to George Harrison - these are them; I had them made, and know these are them - I had given them out a few days before.


                  THOMAS 
                  TRINDER
               



            . I belonged to the Police, and on that morning, at a quarter-past four o'clock, I was on duty, and saw the prisoner coming down Carlton-terrace, opposite the Marquis' house with this basket of tools; I said, "What are you going to do with them?" he said,"To take them to some place;" I took him to the watch-house.
Prisoner. I told him a man, named Clark, told me to bring them. Witness. He did so, but I thought it was a very unseasonable hour - I went to Clark, who came and said he knew him, but he had not commissioned him to get any tools; he lived near Middlesex-hospital.
Prisoner's Defence. The man gave me 1s. to take the tools, and go forward - he said he would overtake me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 57. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
