






1383. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KING
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing,on the 5th of June

, 12 lbs. of beef, value 9s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wynn
               



            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BILSTON
                  



               
             was again indicted for that 


               he, before the said felony was committed, did feloniously counsel, hire, and command the said John King, the said felony to do and commit
            .
ANN NICKOLDSON. I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wynn
               



            , of No. 12, Prince's-street, Hanover-square



. He had 12 lbs. of beef in his house, which came from Mr. Hawkes' on the 5th of June - in three-quarters of an hour King came without a hat, and said the boy had brought the wrong piece of beef; he had a cloth under his arm, and I thought he came from Mr. Hawkes - I gave it to him, and he took it away wrapped up in the cloth; I did not see Bilston.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAWKES
               



            . I am a butcher. I sent this piece of beef from my shop that morning, and saw it again in the evening at the Police-station - I knew it was the same.
JOHN DAVEY. The piece of beef was one that was on King's shoulder; I followed them, and King went into a shop and tried to sell the meat, but they would not buy it - I then took them; Bilston had not the beef in his possession, only the lamb.
KING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years, to commence from the expiration of his former Sentence
            .
BILSTON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoners.
