



2026. 




JOHN SMITH
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
16th of August, 6 keys and ring, value 5s.; 1 purse, value 1s.; 2 sovereigns, 2 half—sovereigns, 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence; the goods and monies of 



Edward Duke Moore, from his person.






EDWARD DUKE MOORE
. I live in Arlington-street, Piccadilly. On Thursday night, the 16th of August, I was at the Opera—we went at a quarter before eight o'clock—there was a party of eight of us—we were coming away between twelve and one o'clock, and just beyond the glass doors which lead to the Arcade, in coming down the stairs, I felt I had got my purse and keys, and again, when close to the glass doors-about a yard from the door between that and the last opening, I heard a jingle of keys—it struck me it might be mine—I felt, and they were gone—the only person I thought could have taken them, was the prisoner, who was slow to me—I gave the ladies in charge to a gentleman, and watched the prisoner—he turned and went back into the Opera-house-as he passed the glass doors, I saw the policeman—I told him I was certain he had got them—we watched him about a minute—he walked to a bar opposite the check-takers—he then put his arm across the bar and dropped my purse and keys—these are them—(looking at them)—the purse contained two sovereigns, two half—sovereigns, and four shillings.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you seen him in the Pit? A. No—there was a crowd coming out, and several servants—the purse and keys were attached—there was nothing else in the pocket—the keys guard the money, because they will make a noise if extracted—my pocket is outside my coat—it is a dress-coat.





EDWARD LANGLEY
 (police-sergeant A 11.) I received information from the prosecutor, and looked after the prisoner—I saw him put his hand over the bar where the green baize is, and drop something, and there were the purse and keys.

Cross-examined. Q. Your attention had been called to him after Mr. Moore had been watching him? A. Yes—he pointed to him as he was

passing by me—I think I was within one step of him when he dropped the keys.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Ten Years.
