





OLD COURT. - Friday, September 5th.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Serjeant Arabin.
1171. 
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  STANLEY, alias 
Francis Stanley McGee





             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of October
, at St. James's, Clerkenwell


, 38 sovereigns, and 2 half-crowns, the monies of 
                     
                        John Fishweek 
                        Summersell
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        George 
                        Laval Chesterton
                     



.
JOHN FISHWEEK SUMMERSELL. I am turnkey of the House of Correction in Coldbath-fields




. The prisoner was a prisoner there - I lost 38 sovereigns, and 2 half-sovereigns out of my bed-room - I used to live in the prison at that time, in the turnkey's lodge - I am a servant there - it is not my dwelling-house - I slept there - I lost the money out of my box in the bed-room - I had left the box locked - I missed it on the 22nd of October, having seen it the morning before - the prisoner had access to my bed-room - he made my bed for me - I had seen him in the room on the 21st - it might have been taken on the 21st - he was discharged from the prison on the 22nd, before I missed it - I saw him on the 23rd, and he denied all knowledge of it - Flood was also a prisoner - I received 27l. 10s. about a month ago, through Flood, who gave information.


                  JOHN 
                  FLOOD
               



            . I was a prisoner in the House of Correction - the prisoner and I slept in the same cell for about five nights - on the morning he was discharged, he had been very restless all night, sighing and sobbing, and in the morning I asked him what was the matter with him all night - he said he could do with the prison allowance very well, and he had no place to go to - I told him that God was good, and he should not despair nor fret about that - in a few minutes he said, "I have got 7d. in copper, which I brought into the prison, I shall be punished for breaking the rules of the prison, and shall be kept back beyond my time - and if you will throw the 7d. over the garden wall to me, I shall be there and take it" - he gave me a rag tied up with a pack-thread - I had no opportunity to threw it over - at half-past nine o'clock, while the people were in the chapel, I intended to do so, but could not, as the watchman and gardener came down at the time, and said something was gone out of the lodge; and that the prisoner would soon be taken again - I asked what for, but they did not tell me - in about three quarters of an hour I heard the prisoner was brought back, and the gardener told me the lodge was robbed - it struck me directly that something had been put in the rag, and I went and buried it; and about ten minutes after I was brought up - I did not know that there was gold and silver in it for a long time - I never opened it when he gave it to me - I buried it, being afraid of something, from what I understood from the gardener - inquiry was made of me some time after, and I told what had occurred - I went with the deputy governor and dug it up myself before him - I did not see it opened.


                  GEORGE 
                  HOARE
               



            . I am deputy governor of Cold Bathfields prison. On the morning of the 22nd of October, after the prisoner was discharged, I heard the lodge had been robbed - I suspected him, he being the only one who had access to the lodge - he was fetched back, and searched, but nothing found on him, and he was allowed to go - I knew Flood slept in the same cell with him - I had him searched, but nothing was found - I frequently urged him to tell me what had become of the money, being convinced the prisoner could not have taken it all out - after urging Flood several times, he eventually gave me information, and pointed out where the rag was - it contained twenty-seven sovereigns, a half-sovereign, a sixpence, and a penny - after that, the prisoner came to speak to me at the prison gate - I asked him inside - he told me he had heard and seen various reports about Summersell's money, and he had come to tell the truth about it - he said Summersell had not told the truth - that all he had taken was twenty-seven sovereigns, and a half-sovereign, and the sixpence and penny was his own money - I neither threatened or made him any promise.


                  ROSINA 
                  FLOOD
               



            . I am the wife of John Flood - the prisoner came to me, a fortnight ago last Friday, and asked if Flood was at home - I said "No;" he was not likely to come till four o'clock, for he was gone to Pimlico - he asked me if he took his money out of the House of Correction with him - I told him, No, he had not, for I understood it belonged to the governor - he then said, How dare he leave his property; that he left 7d. with him.
Prisoner. I said the 7d. was my own property. Witness. He said what was left with my husband was his property.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a policeman. I took the prisoner in charge at the House of Correction - on our way to the station-house, he told me he acknowledged to the twenty-seven sovereigns and half-sovereign, but it was not thirty-nine, as Mr. Summersell said.
JOHN FISHWEEK SUMMERSELL re-examined. Mr. George Laval Chesterton is the governor of the House of Correction - I am one of his servants - he resides within the prison - my house is in the prison - it is a distinct building, but within the walls, and in the parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell.
JURY. Q. Had Flood access to the room as well as the prisoner? A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. On the evening of the 22nd of October, my time was out from being confined - I had been fined 5l. for an affair about the "Mercury" - I was not able to pay it - after being ten days in prisoner, the governor offered me lodging in the prison birth - I used to attend on Summersell, to clean his boots, brush his clothes, and put his clothes away after he has come home at ten o'clock at night - his boxes were never locked during the whole time I was there - thirteen or fourteen others had access to the room as well as myself, and a man had to wind the clock every day,who had to pass his boxes - on the 22nd, I was liberated about ten o'clock, when McAnally and Allen told me if I had no money, they would give me some, to have a pint of ale when I got out, but if I would go to the Vine, I might get what I pleased - they begged me to sup with them that evening there - I went to the house on leaving the prison - I called for a pint of ale, and the two Mr. Allens came in, (who attended the prison) - as I had 6s. or 8s. of my own money, I gave it to get recreation there, but I was sent to the wrong house, and the money was taken from me, and given to me on my departure from the prison - Allens came in and said, "You are wanted" - I said,"What about; am I out before my time?" - they said it was something of that kind - I went back with them to the governor - I was stripped and searched - nothing was found on me but the money given to me in the prison - the governor said he could not detain me - if I left my address, I might depart - I went to my lodging, cleaned myself, and supped with most of the turnkeys - I saw nothing of Summersell - he stopped my things at the Thames police-office next morning - I believe it was the common opinion in the prison, that he had lost nothing - Flood was in the same cell with me - I used to divide my prison allowance between him and another man - he gave me his direction to go to his wife, and tell her when he expected to be out; and I went there - I then went on board the Majestic - on my return, I gave way to inebriety - I went to this woman, who told me what was missing, and that I was suspected - by the time I got to the prison I was quite tipsy - the turnkey let me sit down an hour, and then I got more sensible - but in that state I do not know what I said.
JURY to HOARE. Q. Was he the worse for liquor? A. Rather so, but perfectly knew what he was saying - he was not searched when he went out of the prison - they are just wiped down - it is customary to search them after their discharge - money taken from them when they enter the prison, is returned when they are discharged - every thing is taken away when they come into the prison, and if money was found on them going out, they would be punished - no other prisoner had access to the room - I opened the parcel before the governor - the 7d. was in it - Flood might think it only contained 7d. in copper.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35 - 


               Transported for Life
            .
