





196. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of November
, 1 coat, value 1l.; 1 pair of trousers, value 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 7s.; 2 shirts, value 9s.; 1 handkerchief, value 9s., and 1 pair of braces, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Alfred Samuel 
                        Wilson
                     



                  ; and 1 pair of trousers, value 2s.; 1 waistcoat, value 3s.; 1 shirt, value 6s.; 1 handkerchief, value 4s, and 1 pin, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Raddle
                  



               
            .
ALFRED SAMUEL WILSON. I lodge in my master's house, Mr. Henry Jarman - he is a cooper - the prisoner is a French polisher
; he had lodged in the room with me for six weeks or two months - Samuel Raddle lodged in the same room. On the 3rd of November Raddle and I got up and went to work, leaving the prisoner in bed - we came back between ten and eleven o'clock, and each of us missed our clothes; mine had been in a box, and Raddle's in a basket - I did not see the prisoner again till three days afterwards, when he was in custody.


                  SARAH 
                  ROSS
               



            . I have known the prisoner two or three months - he was out of work; he brought these things to me to pawn for him - I took them to Mr. Miller, in Kingsland-road; I took the money to the prisoner, and laid it out in bread and butter, tea and sugar - he staid one night in our house; he said he had no where to go.


                  EDMUND 
                  JULIUS SUTTON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Miller, of Kingsland-road, a pawnbroker. I produce a shirt, handkerchief, waistcoat, and coat, pawned by Ross.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner in Bunhill-row; he turned up Banner-street, and I took him - he had these trousers, waistcoat, and braces on.
SAMUEL RADDLE. I lodged in the room; part of these are mine.
A. S. WILSON. These articles are mine.
Prisoner. I was out of work; it is my first offence.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
