





Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.
1618. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STRINGER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, 1 watch, value 5l.; 1 chain, value 10s.; 1 seal, value 14s.; 1 key, value 5s.; 1 gold cross, value 10s.; 2 breast-pins, value 30s.; 1 brooch, value 14s.; 1 snuff-box, value 1s.; 2 pocket-books, value 2s.; 1 purse, value 1s.; 1 rule, value 1s.; 1 box, value 10d.; 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.; 1 handkerchief, value 7s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 6d., and 1 shilling, the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Curtis
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Goldfinch
                     



.
GEORGE CURTIS. I was assistant to a silk-mercer
, but am now out of a situation. I was in town on the 24th of August, and became acquainted with the prisoner - I am a stranger in London; he showed me about town - we went to Bartholomew-fair on the 6th of September; a disturbance took place, and he lost his hat there - in consequence of that he went home with me to No. 2, Shepherd's-market


; I lodge on the first-floor of Mr. Goldfinch's house - I do not know his Christian name - I said I would accompany him to his lodgings, that he might not get into a disturbance; when we got there he said the people were not at home - I asked him home with me; we got there about three o'clock in the morning - I said he might stay till morning, and I would lend him a cap to go home in; he slept with me - I was awoke by a Policeman between four and five - the prisoner was then gone; I looked about, and missed a small rosewood box, which stood on the dressing-table when I went to bed, and contained the articles stated in the indictment; I went to St. James' watch-house, and found him there with the box, which was still locked - I asked him how he came to do it; he said he did not know, but he would not have had it happen for 5l.
Prisoner. Q. Did I ever go with you before to show you about? A. I had seen you before, and walked with you to Regent-street and other parts; we went to the fair together; I had met him that night in the Quadrant.


                  JOSHUA 
                  FREDERICK CLEMENTS
               



            . I am a Police-officer. Cunninghame brought the prisoner to the watch-house with this box; I asked who it belonged to - he said it did not belong to him, but the contents of it did, or part of them; I asked what part - he said a watch, with a chain, two seals, and one or two keys, or two keys and one seal (he was not positive which) suspended to it; I asked when he had wound the watch up or worn it - he said on the Sunday previous; I put the box to my ear, and hearing a watch tick inside, I asked him for the key; he said in consequence of a fall out with his friend he had come away without it; I found a key to open the box - it contained the articles stated; a card of Curtis' was in the box, and I detained the prisoner; I went to Curtis' lodgings, found the street door open and his bedroom door - I awoke him, and brought him to the watch-house - I found a silk handkerchief round the prisoner's neck, a pair of shoes on his feet, and one stocking, which Curtis claimed - I do not know Goldfinch's Christian name.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CUNNINGHAME
               



            . I am a Policeman. I saw the prisoner in Shepherd's-market, at a quarter past four o'clock in the morning, with this box under his arm - I asked where he was going; he said to the other side of the market to work, for he had a shop there, and was a tailor - I said, "I do not know you;" he said, "Then you must be a stranger here;" I let him go; but as he turned down a street and ran, I followed and secured him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met Curtis in the Quadrant - he asked me to go to the fair, which I did; he said he had been obliged to leave Bristol at an hour's notice, and would be obliged to me to pledge his watch for him in the morning; I said Yes - we drank a great deal in the fair, and were very tipsy; as we came home, I was insulted in Holborn by a man, and lost my bat - I could not get into my lodgings; he said I might as well go and sleep with him, and I could pledge the watch in the morning; I went and made a noise at the door, being in liquor; we had a few words - I said I would not stay with him; he said, "Nonsense, come in;" I went up, but said I could not stop till morning as I was such a dirty figure - I should leave before day-light, and would take the watch, and bring him the money by nine o'clock; he said, "Be sure you come by nine;" I got up - it was rather dark; I put on his handkerchief and shoes by mistake; I understood nothing but the watch was in the box, and I took it to pledge.


                  GEORGE 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I gave him no authority to pawn my watch.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
