





920. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 21st of April
, 1 watch, value 50s., 1 seal, value 5s., 1 watch-key, value 3d., and 1 watch-chain, value 2s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Rogers
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I am a Chelsea pensioner
. I was at the Royal Hospital public-house, Chelsea


, close by the College, on the 21st of April, about a quarter past nine o'clock - I was quite sober; I went to get a drop of beer; the prisoner was sitting there speaking to two men - I sat down to have my beer; she knew me, and called me by my name - she said, "Rogers, if you will be a pint of ale I will" - I said I had no objection, and we had a pot together; I sat next to her for twenty minutes - there were two men sat opposite to us; one of them called for a quartern of rum and asked me to have some, which I refused, as I was not in the habit of taking spirits - the prisoner was on my right; she gave me a pull and pushed my hat nearly over my eyes, and drew my watch from me - my comrade said, "You have lost your watch" - I then saw the prisoner putting it under the table; I snatched it from her hand, and gave her a back-handed blow; she then took up the pot and struck me on the head; she cut my hat and cut it into my head.
Prisoner. I asked you what time it was, and you put the watch into my hand. Witness. No; no such thing.


                  JOHN 
                  BEARD
               



            . I am a Chelsea pensioner. I was at the public-house on Sunday evening, the 21st of April, having a pint of porter; I saw Rogers, the prisoner, and two men sitting in a box - I sat down on the other side of the room - I saw the prisoner hugging very close to Rogers, and I thought I would take him out of the room - she was on his right side, and I saw her put her face close to him as if kissing him, and she drew his watch - I said, "Rogers, you have lost your watch;" I saw her attempting to put it under the table, and he took it from her and gave her a shove away, and came out into the tap-room; she then took up the pot, spilt the ale, and with a desperate blow, she cut his head open.
Prisoner. I did not see this witness at all; the prosecutor hit me first, and I thought I had a right to hit him again.


                  JAMES 
                  BRADLEY
               



             (police-constable B 134). I was present, and saw the prisoner strike him with the pot.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
