





218. 
               
                  
                     LYDIA 
                     MYSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of October
, 2 coats, value 1l.; 1 gown, value 2s.; 1 skirt, value 3s.; 1 shawl, value 1s.; 2 bed-gowns, value 1s.; 1 blanket, value 1s.; 1 frock, value 6d.; and 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Oldham
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  ANN 
                  OLDHAM
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Oldham
               



            ; the prisoner came to live with me last Monday ten weeks - I forget the day of the month; she left on the Tuesday evening; she had been hired by the week, but only stopped one day and part of the next - she went without notice - she was down stairs minding my child - she put the child on the bed, and went away with the property stated, and I did not see her again till she was in custody.


                  JOSHUA 
                  HARCOMB
               



             (police-constable H 56). I heard of the robbery, and was looking after the prisoner - I heard she was at the tread-mill - I went there on the 4th of December, and took her - I asked if she knew that I was waiting for her - she said yes, and she was very glad of it; she had done it on purpose, as her father used her so very ill - she told me where the property was pawned - I went there with the prosecutor and found it.
WILLIAM HERBERT. I am apprentice to a pawnbroker, in Kingsland-road; this property was pawned there- I cannot say by whom.
Property produced and sworn to.
Prisoner. I am very sorry I did it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
