







1496. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EARLE
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SIMPSON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of May
, 1 purse, value 1s.; 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 1 half-crown, and 4 shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah Ann 
                     Hawes
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  ANN HAWES
               



            . I live at the Red Lion and Still, in Drury-lane


, with my uncle. On the 29th of May, about seven o'clock in the morning, the three prisoners came in together - Earle called for a quartern of gin; I had seen him before, but not the others - they all partook of the gin: Earle tendered me half a crown to pay for it - I had no silver in the till, and I told the maid to mind the bar while I went to get my purse, which contained a sovereign, a half-sovereign, and 6s. 6d. in silver - I gave change of the half-crown to Earle, put the half-crown in the purse, and put the purse on the table in the bar, but any one could take it by reaching over; I then turned to draw some porter, and when I turned round all the prisoners and the purse were gone - I did not like to call my uncle, but in about two hours he got up, and then I told him, and described Earle's person; the prisoners were all taken in about two hours and a half - a strap of the purse has been found, but not the purse.


                  HANNAH 
                  BLACKLOW
               



            . I lodge at the Red Lion. I came down, and saw the three prisoners in front of the bar; I was speaking to the witness, and saw Edwards put his hand over the counter to the table, but I did not see the purse, or any thing in it; Earle was at some distance from the other two - they then went out, and the purse was missed.


                  FREDERICK 
                  WILSON MILNER
               



             (Police-constable F 63). I received information of the robbery, and took Earle at the Coach and Horses, Charles-street, Drury-lane, between nine and ten o'clock the same day; he was eating some beef-steaks, and had a pot of porter before him - I foundon him half a crown, a sixpence, and 4 1/2d. in copper; I locked him up, and went to Simpson, whom I found in the wash-house of a lodging-house; I found is his watch-fob 18s. 5d., and close by his side was part of a leather purse- Edwards was taken at night, but I found nothing on him.
S. A. HAWES. I believe this to be part of my purse.
Earle's Defence. On the night before I had received 1l. for my work, and on that morning I went to have something to drink - I then came out, and went to work; I had bought a pair of stockings, which the officer took from me- I offered to pay the officer to go down to the person who paid me the 1l.
Simpson's Defence. I met these two prisoners, who asked me to have something to drink - we then came out, and I left them; I know nothing of the robbery.
Edward's Defence. I lodge with Earle, and on that morning he asked me to have something to drink; we met with Simpson, who went with us - when we came out we parted.
SIMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.
EDWARDS - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 25.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
EARLE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
