



2461. 




WILLIAM DORRELL
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Richard Auty, about the hour of two in the night of the 
25th of August, at 
All Saints, Poplar, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 pence, his property.






JANE AUTY
. I am the wife of Richard Auty, gateman at the City Canal-gate, Blackwall, in the Parish of Poplar. On Saturday, the 25th of August, I was awoke by Meek early in the morning, and in consequence of what he said I looked at the window of the back parlour—a piece of canvas which had been nailed to the window, to secure it, was broken in two between the nails—the window had been fastened down for a long time previous—the prisoner had lodged in the house, and left on the Monday before—he had no right in my house on the night in question—I found a pair of stockings belonging to a young woman next door in my house after the alarm—I lost two penny-pieces out of my pocket at the head of the cradle on the ground floor.





JOHN MEEK
. I lodge in the prosecutrix's house—I sleep in the front room, first floor. About two o'clock in the morning I was awoke by a basket opening, which stood at the foot of my bed, containing my clothes and my brother's—I alarmed Mrs. Auty, called for a light, and told her I believed there was somebody in my room, as I heard the basket lifted up—I jumped out of bed the second time, and on searching my room found the prisoner concealed under my bed—I pulled him out, and charged him with stealing a jacket which I had lost since he left the house on the Monday—he denied the charge, and said he came for a night's lodging—Mrs. Auty afterwards shewed me a pair of stockings.





JAMES KINGSET
 (police-constable K 204.) I was called to the house, and the prisoner was given into my custody, charged with breaking and entering the house—I asked him how he got in, after I brought him out—he said he got in at the back parlour window by forcing it up and breaking the canvas—he said he had left his shoes in the garden—the prosecutrix said two penny-pieces were taken out of her pocket in her room, and I found two penny-pieces on him.

Prisoner's Defence. I went into the house to get two suits of clothes which I had left there—I went in about nine o'clock at night—I was not under the bed, I was sitting down in the house.

MRS. AUTY
re-examined. He did not leave any thing behind—he had

no clothes but what be stood up in, except one pair trowsers—I had no character with him.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
