




57. 




JOHN BYE
 the younger and 




FREDERICK BYE
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Bye, on the 
21st of November, at 
St. Giles-in-the-Fields, and stealing therein 12 apples, value 9d.; 1 box, value 1d.; 24 pence, and 1 twopenny-piece; the goods and monies of 



Mary Byrne.






MARY BYRNE
. I sell fruit; I live in Titchbourne-court, Holborn. On the 21st of November I went out at one o'clock, and locked my door—I left 2s. worth of penny-pieces in my drawer, and two dozen large apples—I came home at half-past eight o'clock at night—when I came to unlock my door the screw came out, and the lock came off in my hand—I looked at my drawer, and the money and the handkerchief it was in were gone, and also a dozen of the apples,—I went up to the attic, and found the two prisoners there—they sleep there, and work with their father—the door was locked—one of them opened it, and four big apples were found between the sacking and the bed—there was a tin box found by the policeman in the bed which I knew to be mine—I had left it in my room—there was 8d. and two halfpence, and a twopenny-piece—I had missed a twopenny-piece—I charged the prisoners with it, but they said nothing till they got to Bow-street, when one gave evidence against the other.





ALLEN HORATIO GARMAN
. I am a policeman. I went on the night of the 21st of November to Mrs. Byrne's—I went up stairs with her to the attic, and found the two prisoners—I knocked three times before the door was opened—I found one apple under the pillow—I turned up the bed, and between the bed and sacking I found three more, and a tin box with a twopenny-piece—I took the prisoners into custody—one said to the other, "What did you do with the other apples?"—he made no answer—I do not know which put the question—I found no instrument there—they gave no account at all.
(Box produced and sworn to.)


JOHN BYE—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.

FREDERICK BYE—


GUILTY
. Aged 12.




Transported for Seven Years.
(Recommended to mercy, on account of their youth.)

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.

