








First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
1190. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JAMESON
                  





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of April

, 3 printed books, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Bumpus
                     





                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            . - To which he 


               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 



               Confined Two Months
            .
1191. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     OWEN
                  





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of April

, 6 tea-chests, value 6s., and 480 lbs. of tea, value 105l.
             the goods of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Richardson
               



             and another.
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the goods of the 
               East India Company

            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MOUL
               



            . I am in the employ of George White, of Fenchurch-street, a tea-broker. On the 23rd of April I had to clear twenty-one chests of tea from the East India warehouse in Jewry-street and Fenchurch-street; I was called into the yard of the warehouse in Fenchurch-street



, and examined an order purporting to be signed by me - it was untrue; I told the man who had the charge of the yard to allow the prisoner to take the chests, and I followed the cart which the prisoner drove from the yard with six chests of tea, weighing more than 400 lbs. - I never lost sight of the cart or him; I followed to the New inn, Old Bailey - he was alone; I observed him, just as he turned from Ludgate-hill into the Old Bailey, take his hat off his head three times - he was sitting on the front of the cart; I waited some time, but nobody came to him for the tea; I then gave him in charge of Devey, the beadle, who had been following with me - I charged him with stealing the tea - he said he had been ordered to drive there by a man he did not know, and he did not know who the horse and cart belonged to; I think the name of Thomas Pearson was on the cart; he did not say what he was, but that as he was loitering about the Old Bailey, a person drove up with the horse and cart and asked him to mind them - and shortly afterwards a gentleman came up and gave him a list, and a direction to the New inn, and asked him if he wanted a job to go down and get the tea, and bring it to the New inn - the gentleman never made his appearance - I was to clear the tea for Harris and Richardson.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q.Was any body in the cart with him when he drove from the yard? A. The officer got on the cart just as it was going out of the yard, but he was advised not to go with it, and got down; we never intended that he should take the tea away; I was acting as clerk to Mr. White, Mr. Richardson's broker - there were four of us watching the cart; he did not drive the direct way to the New inn - the north side of St. Paul's Church-yard was open, that is an unusual way for carts to go down; he evidently took off his hat to give a signal - he lifted it gradually off his head, and put it down again three times; I was behind the cart, and cannot say whether any body noticed it; these six chests were a distinct lot from others which I had to clear - I examined them with my warrant in the yard; nobody could have cleared them without my master's authority.
JAMES MILWOOD. I am a labourer to the East India Company The prisoner brought me a regular list of the numbers of these six chests for me to deliver; I looked them out for him: Mr. Moul's name being on the list, and knowing it was not his writing, I went over to Mr. White's, and then returned to the warehouse; the prisoner had a horse and cart - Moul came, and said the chests belonged to Mr. Richardson; he ordered us to put them into the cart, and said he would follow it to the New inn, as the prisoner had a piece of paper with a direction to the New Inn; we followed him there to see if we could see the person who employed him, but could not see any body take notice of him; he was then charged with having stolen them, and said he was employed by a tall gentleman dressed in black, who gave him the list, told him to come to the warehouse for the cases, and bring them to him - he said he did not know who they were for - he was dressed as a carman; nobody came for the tea, and we kept him in custody; Pearson claimed the cart, and another person the horse afterwards.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he tell you he could neither read nor write? A. I did not ask him - he said he knew nothing that was in the paper; he showed me the direction where he was to drive to in the first instance - I looked the goods out for him, and said, "Who are they for?" he said he did not know; I asked how he came by the order - he said he was employed by an old gentleman dressed in black in the Old Bailey, who gave him the papers, told him to go to the East India warehouse, and they would deliver the chests to him, and he was to bring them to the New-inn.
Q. Did he not tell you this long before he was in custody? A. Yes, and we detained him till Moul came; we should not have put the tea into the cart without Moul's order, as we detected it - Moul said he meant to watch him, and find out who was the party who employed him.
SAMUEL RICHARDSON. I am a tea-dealer
. We cleared twenty-one chests of tea on the 23rd of April; Moul did the business for White, our broker - we had provided our waggon to convey them to our warehouse in Upper Thames-street; I know nothing of the prisoner, and did not employ Pearson's cart: the tea was worth 105l.
WILLIAM MOUL. I saw the tea after the prisoner was taken, and am certain it was part of what White was employed to clear; the numbers and marks are on the warrant - one empty chest is here; these papers are not my hand-writing - I do not know whose it is.
THOMAS DEVEY. I apprehended the prisoner, andfound six chests of tea in the cart; Moul claimed them, and they were delivered to Mr. Richardson.
Cross-examined. Q. Did any thing pass about the list? A. I received it from the yardsman, and have it here, with the direction; he told me it was delivered to him by a tall gentleman in black at the end of Fleet-lane, Old Bailey - that he knew nothing farther than that the gentleman told him to get them.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it, more than that the gentleman gave me the direction, and said I was to take them to the New inn; when I got there I looked into the coffee-room and all about the yard, but could not find him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
