





1387. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of May
, 1 watch, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Leeson
                  




               
            .
SUSANNAH LEESON. I am the wife of John Leeson. -On the morning of the 2nd of May the prisoner came to my house, to inquire after me - he had formerly lodged in the same court, and had shown some attention to my brother-in-law when he was in the hospital; I went down stairs to buy a bundle of wood, and left the prisoner alone in the room - on my return I met him on the stairs; I had not been gone above three minutes - I said, "Are you going?" he said he would return in a moment - on my going up I missed a watch, which I had left hanging over my mantelpiece - when I went down it wanted twenty-five minutes to nine o'clock; I had not been out of the house for the wood - I ran after him; he was running down an alley into Rose-lane, and then he took some of the back streets, and turned into Wentworth-street; I have never seen the watch since, and the prisoner never returned.
Prisoner. She went down the court, and said, "Are you going?" and I said "Yes, but I shan't be long before I come back," but I met a man, who detained me. Witness. I had not left the house.
CHRISTOPHER SANDERS. I am the witness' brother-in-law. I had seen the prisoner at their house once before; I met him, and told him my brother-in-law wanted to speak to him - he said, "I am going there;" I said, "Well then, I'll go with you;" we went on till we came to the top of the Minories, and then he ran away, in a different direction - I ran and took him; I got him to Somerset-street, but no farther - I then got an officer, and gave him in charge.
Prisoner. I was not two yards from him from the time he first spoke to me. Witness. He set off to run, but I stopped him immediately.


                  MARY 
                  SANDERS
               



            . I was with my husband when he stopped the prisoner at the corner of the Poultry, and said"My brother-in-law wants to speak to you;" he said,"I am going there;" I said, "My brother-in-law only wishes you to give up the duplicate, if you have it; I know he will forgive you;" he went to the Minories, and then tried to run off; my husband seized him, and would not let him go.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the watch that morning; I had seen it there before.
MRS. LEESON. I take my oath it was there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
