





786. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PHELPS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of March, 1831
, 3 bushels of wheat, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Corfe
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I am an officer of Isleworth and Twickenham. On the 22nd of March, 1831, about two o'clock in the morning, I fell in with the prisoner and another, near Sir 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Hobhouse
               



            's gate, three or four hundred yards from the prosecutor's - it was in the high road to London; the prisoner was first - I laid hold of him, and I saw behind him a man carrying a sack - I put the prisoner aside, and seized the sack; the man who had it struggled with me, and we both went down, but I still held the sack; the prisoner begged me to let it pass - I said they might go for that time, but I would retain the property; they went on - a great deal of the wheat came out of the sack; I took it, as well as I could, to the prosecutor's - the next morning I went to the barn; I saw a little track of wheat from there to the high road, and on to the place where I met the men, where it had come out in a body; I compared it with what was in the barn, it corresponded - the other man has since been transported for another robbery - I did not find the prisoner till last Wednesday night; I knew him before - he had lived in the neighbourhood twelve months.
Prisoner. Q. Can you say I was near the man? A. Yes, you was close to him; I told you I would bring you to justice, but you might go that time.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FULLER
               



            . I am a labourer in the service of Mr. Corfe; his barn was locked up, and all was right - I went the next morning at six o'clock, and found the lock had been removed, and somebody had been in the barn - I missed about three bushels of wheat - the sack was not my master's; there was a track of wheat from the barn to the main road - I had threshed the wheat; I have been all my life acquainted with wheat - I have no doubt it was Mr. Corfe's.

GEORGE CORFE. I am a farmer
. This wheat was taken from my barn - I compared it with what was left, and have no doubt it was mine; the prisoner had worked for me, and knew my premises.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the wheat - I had been watching Mr. Corfe's premises when he had expected to be set on fire; I heard a piece of work that night - I went back, and saw Young and Barrett struggling; Barrett said, "Young, you may go, and if I had known you had been this road I would have gone some other;" I gave Barrett a lift up with the wheat.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
