





737. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ORAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Oram
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JAMES ORAM. I live at No. 74, Newgate-street, and am a draper and tailor
. On the 7th of March, I left home - I had then a handkerchief in my left-hand coat pocket; I went to James-street, Covent-garden


 - it was the night His Majesty went to the theatre; I was standing with a friend, waiting the return of His Majesty, and I saw three persons - the prisoner was one of them, but he is very much altered now; they were standing talking together about five minutes past twelve o'clock- I got home about half-past twelve; My friend missed his handkerchif, but I did not miss mine till the next morning - I had not used it while I was our; the officer afterwards produced it to me - it is worth 4s.
Cross-examined by MR. PAYNE. Q. I suppose there were a great number of persons about at this time? A. Yes - I had not used my handkerchief while I was out; I used it at home, while I sat at supper - when I saw the three persons together, they were talking about the Duke of Wellington, and other things; the prisoner appears altered now - I observed them for full three quarters of an hour, but I did not see them do any thing but talk to each other, and I was very much surprised how my handkerchief could get from me, as I had a very large cloak on; I saw no action which led me to suppose they took it - I saw it again on the Wednesday afterwards (I believe;)when the Police-officer came to my house, and asked me if my name was Oram; I said Yes - he then asked if I had been robbed, and I said Yes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READER
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On Tuesday, the 8th of March, about nine o'clock in the morning, I was in Newton-street, Holborn - I saw the prisoner and two others; the prisoner was exhibiting a handkerchief to the others - he had his hat off at the time; I saw him put the handkerchief into the hat - I took him, and found two handkerchief on him; I was taking him to the station-house, but when we got to Took's-court he ran away - I pursued him, and did not lose sight of him till I saw him stopped by two persons, one of whom had a basket, and the other appeared a gentleman - one of these handkerchiefs is red and yellow, and has the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Oram
               



             on it: the prisoner answered to that name, and said it was his own - here is the letter F. on the other.
Cross-examined. Q. This was on Tuesday morning? A. Yes - the other two persons went away; I asked his name, and he said Oram - I do not know whether it is usual for persons of the lower classes to carry handkerchiefs in their hats; I have done so - I knew nothing of the prisoner before; he said he did not know the other persons - I did not see him take this handkerchief from his hat - he might have received it from one of the others; I am quite certain he did not offer to go with me after either of the other persons.
COURT. Q. When was it that the prisoner answered to the name of Oram? A. I took the handkerchief from him, and said, "What are you going to do with this?" he said,"It is mine;" I said, "It is marked Oram" - he said,"My name is Oram."


                  JAMES 
                  ORAM
               



            . This is my handkerchief - I know it by the mark; it is one of a piece which I had, and my neice marked it - I have another here marked the same way.
Cross-examined. Q. How can you undertake to swear it is your niece's marking? A. It is my name, which is not a very common one, and I missed just such a one.
Witnesses for the Defence.


                  EDWARD 
                  FAYLAN
               



            . I am a ladies shoe-maker, and live at No. 12, Smith-street, Somers'-town, I have known the prisoner five years - he had a good character.
COURT. Q. What is his name? A. James Povey.


                  JOHN 
                  COOPER
               



            . I live at No. 6, Newton-street. The prisoner worked for me ten or twelve years, and had an honest character - his name is James Oram Povey.
COURT. Q. Do you know his friends? A. Yes, they are respectable - I do not know that he went by the name of James Oram; I did not know his silk handkerchiefs - he bore the name of Oram; he was Christened so after an aunt of his, who died with a cancer in her breast about five years ago - I was not surprised at his answering to the name of Povey - she was called Mrs. Povey; she did not bear the name of Oram to my knowledge.
Three other witnesses gave the prisoner a good character, and stated his name to be Povey.



               GUILTY
            . - Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
