





1439. 




HENRY JONES,



 HENRY UGE
, and 




JOHN WILKINS
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
26th of March, 6 pairs of leather half-fronts for boots, value 9s., the goods of 



Henry Crossley.






JAMES CROSSLEY
. I am the son of Henry Crossley, of Church-street, Deptford. On the 26th of March, the three prisoners came to his shop Jones came in first for a pair of leather half-fronts, and while he was looking at them, Uge came in and bought some small articles which came to 3d. or 4d., which he paid for, and went out—as soon as he went out Wilkins came for some things which came to 8 1/2 d—he paid, and as soon

as he went Jones paid half-a-crown for a pair of fronts, and went away—I then put the fronts away, and thought some were missing—I went to the door and saw the three prisoners together—I spoke to a policeman—they saw me and ran away—they turned into Effingham-place, and one of them threw a bag down—we followed them, I suppose a mile, and took all three of them in the Creek-road—a boy took up the bag, and I gave it to the policeman—it contained eleven pairs of half-fronts—six pairs of them belonged to my father.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Has your father any partner? A. No—I will undertake to say that Wilkins was in the shop while Jones was there—he bought some hand shank, and a quarter of a yard of Union, which came to 81/2d.—I am certain he did not buy any thing else—Uge and him were not in the shop together—I never said they were—Wilkins paid me with a half-crown, and had 1s. 91/2d. change—I observed nothing about him.





JAMES GATES
 (police-constable R 144.) I had a communication from Crossley—the prisoners were all three running together—I ran and followed them till they ran out of my sight—I understood which way they went, and cut a nearer way—I met them in the Creek-road—Wilkins then ran from the other two—I pursued and took him in the Stowage—I did not see the bag till I took them to the station-house—I then had it from Mr. Crossley.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Where did you see them first? A. In Church-street, about one hundred and fifty yards from the prosecutor's shop—I cannot say whether either of them had a bag at that time—they are the same parties that had passed me before Mr. Crossley spoke to me.





WILLIAM JAMES MORGAN
. I am the son of the Deptford carrier. About twelve o'clock on the 26th of March, I was at the corner of Effingham-place—I saw a cart there, and a man putting a horse in it—these three men ran by—one of them threw a blue bag away, and it lodged in the cart—this is the bag—I can swear to it—it was like this bag—I ran after the mob—I did not pick it up.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Howmany were in the mob? A. About forty were following after them.

COURT
to
JAMES CROSSLEY. Q. Who found the bag? A. The boy showed me where it was, and I took it out of a coal cart which was standing at the corner of Effingham-place.





GEORGE WILSON
 (police-constable R 179.) Uge was given into my custody—I found on him what he had bought at the shop.





NATHANIEL LEIGH
. I do not live with the prosecutor, but the prisoners Jones and Wilkins came to my master's shop before this day.





JOSEPH HALL
. The three prisoners were at my father's shop on the Saturday before.
(William Cannon, shoemaker, and James Marriott, hair-dresser, of Blue Anchor-yard, gave Uge a good character; Barnett Quin, butcher, of Stoney-lane; Edward Ferne, carpenter, Swan-street, Minories; and Abraham Green, gave Jones a good character.) JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

UGE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.





Transported for Seven Years. WILKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.
(There was another indictment against Jones and Wilkins.)
