





338. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DENNY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of December
, 1 pair of gloves, value 18d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Stannard
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN STANNARD. I live at No. 160, Whitecross-street. On Christmas-eve or morning, between two and three o'clock, I was in Holborn


, just beyond Glo'ster-court, near Brook-street - I was sober; I was returning home, having been out to supper - I had a pair of gloves in my outside coat pocket; I was standing to hear the bellman, and missed my gloves all at once - my cousin being with me, I told him - the prisoner was close behind me; there were several persons listening to the bellman - my cousin said he would look after the prisoner, while I fetched Simmons, the watchman, who took hold of the prisoner, and found my gloves in his hat; he said nothing till he got to the watch-house, and there he said they were his cousin's, which he had taken by mistake; and before the Magistrate he said he found them.


                  JOHN 
                  STANNARD
               



            . I had been with the prosecutor, supping out - we were both sober; the prisoner was standing close to my cousin, who turned round, and said, "I havelost my gloves;" the watchman was fetched, and found them in the prisoner's hat.


                  CHARLES 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I am a watchman. I laid hold of the prisoner, who was with another lad and a prostitute, conversing together; I took his hat off, and found the gloves - I said, "Are they yours?" he said, "Yes, my cousin lent them to me;" the prosecutor described them exactly before he saw them.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The gentleman and his friend were going to fight; I picked up the gloves, and full half an hour after he came up, and accused me of the robbery.


                  JOHN 
                  STANNARD
               



            . A young man who was with the prisoner interrupted us, and there being no watchman, my cousin said if he did not go away he would disperse him - my cousin took his coat off, but I did not take any thing off; I did not fight with my cousin.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
