




808. 




MARGARET NEWMAN
 and 




JULIA ST. CLAIR NEWMAN
, were again indicted for

stealing, on the 
14th of February, 1 tea-spoon, value 2s.; 1 decanter, value 3s.; 3 glasses, value 1s. 6d.; and 1 table-cloth, value 2l.; the goods of 



Mary Dobbs.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY DOBBS
. I am a widow, and live at No. 38, East-street, Redlion Square. On the 3rd of January the two prisoners occupied a furnished lodging at my house—they left on the 14th of February, saying they were going to Liverpool, on business—they were going that night to the Bull and Mouth, as they were going off next morning early—about half an hour after they left I missed two spoons, some glasses, decanters, and other things—on the 16th, two days afterwards, the elder prisoner called at my house to see if there was a letter come—I told her I had missed some things—she said she dare say they were taken away by is take, and if I would come the next day, I should have them—she did not say where they were gone to, but I had learnt where they were gone to, and I had got a constable from Hatton-garden: he came by my house at the time she was talking to me, and he and I followed her to where she went, which

was No. 25, Hyde-street, Bloomsbury—I went into the house to the second floor back room—the elder prisoner went in first, and the constable and I went in after her—I found the younger prisoner there, and a gentleman named Cousins, the witness—he told me I ought to be ashamed of myself to bring a constable there to respectable people—he did not tell me who he was, but he used to visit at my house when they lodged there, and Miss Newman said he was her uncle, but not in his presence—he never said he was related to them—I said, I had missed my things—Miss Newman said I was welcome to look, as she had nothing at all belonging to me, and they opened some boxes—they left the room several times to go into the little room adjoining, and the younger prisoner told me to come into that room, and look myself—when I got into that room she opened a box or two, and pulled her things out, and asked me to look—the elder prisoner was present—I found nothing of mine in those boxes—the elder prisoner went out into the big room, and went out at the door to go into the passage, the officer fetched her back, and she had got the rummer concealed down by the side of her—I identified it directly as being mine—the younger prisoner said her mother had only taken it out to drink—I after-wards found one of my tumblers in a small box wrapped up in paper—the box stood in the large room—after that the officer told me to go and look in the bed-room, and I turned the bed things up—the decanter was rolled up in something, and put under the bed—when the things were found, the younger prisoner said, "By G—d the things are mine, I bought them at Liverpool"—Mr. Cousins was there at the time—he laid a sovereign down on the table in their presence for me to say no more about it—he said, I ought to be ashamed to bring an officer there to respectable people, and he did not think any thing of the kind had happened, and told me to take it and say no more, and that would pay me for my loss of my glasses—he did not say then, "Say no more about it."

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you go with the officer to the lodging? A. Yes, close by the side of the prisoner—she did not say any thing going along—sometimes I was by her side, and sometimes she was on before—I must have heard her if she had said any thing—I said at the police office that the decanter was between the bed and clothes—I believe it was taken down and read over to me—I will swear these are my property—there is no mark on them, but they are the same as I had there—they could not have taken them away by mistake, for when I asked for them, I never could have them—the value of the articles produced is 8s., but I lost more.

MR. BODKIN. Q. When the decanter was found in the bed, where was the younger prisoner? A. She was in the corner—I took the decanter from the foot of the bed, near where she stood—she did not do any thing, but stood there.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You swore at the police-office that she tried to prevent your going to the foot of the bed? A. She stood at the foot of the bed, and told me I might look in the other part of the room, and said there was nothing there—that was read over to me at the police-office—I did not ask the elder prisoner on the road where she lived, because I knew before.

COURT. Q. Did she go the direct way home? A. No, not at first she went the Lamb's-conduit-street way, which is not the nearest way.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How near were you to her while she was going along? A. The policeman was with me—I was very near to her at times,

and sometimes she was a little way from me—she did not speak—I was near enough to hear her if she had spoken.

COURT. Q. If she spoke to the policeman you must have heard it? A. They were on before me a little time—if they spoke I might not exactly hear them.





MARY SUSANAH SRQUE SMITH
. I am Mrs. Dobbs's daughter, and live with her. This table-cloth is hers—it was in use in the house when the prisoners were there—I laid it on the drawers when they came to the lodging—it was missed before they left, but till they left we did not inquire about it—it has an iron-mould mark on it, which I did myself with ink.

Cross-examined. Q. There are no initials on it? A. No—I was at hone on Thursday when the elder prisoner called—I beard her and my mother speaking, but did not hear what they said—I was in the garden, and they in the passage.





EDWARD RAMSHIRE
 (police-constable E 58.) I was called in on Thursday, the 16th of February, by the prosecutrix, as I was going by, and she gave Mrs. Newman in charge—I told her Mrs. Dobbs had given her in charge—in going towards Lamb's-conduit-street she said, "I have been seised with a paralytic stroke; I have a bad memory"—I asked where she lodged—she said, "I shall know my lodging if I see it"—I said, "I can show you your lodging," (having heard from Mrs. Dobbs where she lodged)—Mrs. Dobbs was sometimes close to us, and sometimes at a distance—I took the prisoner to No. 25, Hyde-street—she took me at first in quite a contrary direction, but I told her I knew whore she lived, and we went together to Hyde-street—in going up stairs to the second-floor, just as she got up, she spoke in some foreign language—she had an answer—(I do not know what it was, it was not English,) and the door was opened—I went into the second-floor back-room, and found Mr. Cousins and Mist Newman—I stated that Mrs. Dobbs had given them in charge for stealing the things mentioned—the prisoners said they had not got the things, and they looked about in different places for three quarters of an hour—I then asked them to allow Mrs. Dobbs to look about for her property—they consented, and Mrs. Dobbs proceeded to search—Mrs. Newman went out of the room—I said, "Nobody leaves the room till Mrs. Dobbs has searched for her things"—I brought Mrs. Newman back—I thought she had something under her cloak—I pulled it on one side, and she had this goblet—she put it behind her buck rather to hide it, but I took it from her hand—she said it was her own—I told Mrs. Dobbs to look at it, and she said it was hers—on the 18th I went to the apartment again and found this table-cloth there.

Cross-examined. Q. You said at the police-office, "No doubt that she, put the goblet behind her back to hide it?" A. Yes—that was taken down and read over to me.





EDWARD BELL
. I am a police-inspector. I was at the station-house when the prisoners were brought there on this charge—they both denied the charge, and said they bought the articles at Liverpool—after the charge was entered I sent for a female to search them, and when the elder prisoner was taken out of the room, the younger one said, "Tell that man (Ramshire) to go out of the room, I want to speak to you in private"—when he was gone, she said, "Before we left that old woman's lodging we had some refreshment, and by mistake these things got mixed with our own, "pointing to a mustard-pot, and at the same time producing a silver spoon from her bosom—she said, "I would not give them to her while she was here as she was so very insolent, but I intended to have brought them to you, and to

have got you to return them, without making it known from whom you received them"—I did not know her before—the things were produced when the charge was taken—Mrs. Dobbs said she had other glasses like these, but had broken them—spoons had been stated to be among other articles lost by the prosecutrix in their hearing before it was produced it was after I had sent for the woman to search them that the younger prisoner produced the spoon—it was wet with mustard at the time, and the mustard-pot has liquid mustard in it.

Cross-examined. Q. Was Mrs. Dobbs a little violent about the property? A. Not at all—she was rather excited, rather cross at it, and said she insisted on prosecuting them.

MRS. DOBBS
re-examined. This spoon is mine, and is one of the two I lost—the prisoners left me between six and seven o'clock in the evening on the 14th, and the elder prisoner called about twelve o'clock on the Thursday—I did not ask why she had not gone to Liverpool—the letter "L" is on the spoon—I bought it of a friend who lives opposite me.





MARIA LYNE
. The prisoners took my lodging on the Monday, and came to it on Tuesday night, the 14th—they said they might stop a short time or they might stop a long time—they took it by the week—they said nothing to me about going to Liverpool—they said they had lodged at No. 38, East-street—I made no inquiry about them.

Cross-examined. Q. Did they bring a box with them? A. They did—they had a number of things—after they left there were four tumblers with their own name left behind.

M. NEWMAN—


GUILTY
.

J. NEWMAN—


GUILTY
.





Transported for Seven Years longer.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoners.)

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

