



181. 




ELIZA JAMES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of October, 4 half-crowns, 5 shillings, and 4 sixpences, the monies of 



William Patmor Bolt, from his person; and that she had before been convicted of felony.






WILLIAM PATMOR BOLT
. I met the prisoner, on the 19th of October, in Union-street, St. George-the-Martyr—I agreed to go home with her for the night, and gave her 3s.—we went to bed in Kent-street—I did not know her before—I went to sleep—I had 17s. when I went there, in my purse in my fob—there were four half-crowns, and the rest shillings' and sixpences—this was between eleven and twelve o'clock at night—I did not sit there and drink—I awoke between twelve and one o'clock, and found she was gone—I missed my money—I came down to the street, and complained to the police—I stopped in the street, and the prisoner came there, accompanied by two others—I took her, and said she had robbed me of the money—she was in the act of returning the money, when the policeman took her, and I gave her in charge—she was undressed when she went to bed, and I expected her to stay there all night.

Prisoner. I never saw him till he came there and accused me of robbing him. Witness. I am certain she is the person—there was a candle in the room—I was perfectly sober—nothing particular passed—I can swear she is the woman—I have not the least doubt of her—she said if I

would not give her in charge of the police, she would return the money—I said I would give her in charge.





RICHARD WHARTLEY
 (police-constable M 161.) I was on my beat—the prosecutor came to me—I took the prisoner into custody—the prosecutor was standing with me, when the prisoner and two girls came out of the White Bear-gardens—he took her by the arm, and charged her with robbing him—she put her right hand into her gown, took some thing out, and said to the other girls, "Here, take this"—I crossed the street, took hold of her hand, and kept hold of it till she got to the station-house—I found she had 3 half-crowns and 2 shillings, and I found 2d. in her pocket.

Prisoner. I told the prosecutor he was mistaken in my person. Witness, She did not tell him so in my hearing—the prosecutor said he had lost 17s.—he did not say in what coin—he was perfectly sober.





ROBERT IRESON
. I am a policeman. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace (read)—she is the person who was convicted.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

