






NEW COURT. Saturday, November 30th, 1833.
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
88. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BEESON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COOPER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of November
, 1 pair of shoes, value 7s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s., and 1 lb of sugar, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Green
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am groom
 to Captain Acott, of No. 1, Beaufort-terrace. On the 19th November, about nine o'clock in the evening; I came out to buy myself a pair of shoes, and a pound of sugar - I fell in with Beeson, whom I knew by sight, but not by name - he spoke to me first, and asked where I was going - I said, "I don't know I am going round this way home" - we walked on and talked, and I asked him to have a drop of half and half, which we did - when we came out, we met Cooper, who was a stranger to me, but he knew Beeson, and they talked together - I don't know what they said - I went to a grocer's shop to fetch my sugar and shoes which I had left there till I came back - I went with the prisoner to a public-house, and we had some gin which I paid for as I was going to leave them - I then crossed to get my sugar and shoes, and said to the prisoners good night, but they followed me to Maida-hill


, where Cooper snatched the shoes from me, and Beeson took the sugar out of my pocket - they ran off, and I ran after them - I saw two policemen - I told them what had happened, and they followed the prisoners, who had gone into the Key public-house in Bell-street - about half a mile from where theytook my shoes - I was not drunk - I was a little elevated- I described the prisoners to the policemen.
Cross-examined by MR. ROWE. Q. Had you never seen Cooper till that night? A. No, I met him then accidentally in the street - I had been at the Phoenix public-house that evening - that was where I had the half and half with Beeson - I asked him to go there as he was out of place - we had a pint of half and half there, and I had a drop of gin which a butcher gave me, because he knew Beeson - we tossed for a pot of beer, but I did not toss for gin with the butcher - we then went to a public-house at the corner of Bell-street - I don't know the sign - it is not the Key - Cooper had not been in the first public-house with us, we met him in the street, and then we went into the second public-house, which I should think is half a mile from the Phoenix - we had one quartern of gin there - it is not true that we had three or four quarterns - I did not toss for gin there - I did not apply to the landlord for more gin, and he refuse me - I was not exactly tipsy - my master lives at Beaufort-terrace, near Pineapple-gate.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HORSFORD
               



             (police-sergeant D 6). I met with the prosecutor on the night in question - he was a little the worse for liquor, but perfectly sensible; and he recognised the prisoners the moment I put them before him - he had described them, but not to me - I saw the prisoners go into the Key public-house, in Bell-street, and from his description, I thought they were the persons - I went into the Edgware-road, and saw the prosecutor - I asked if he had been robbed; he said, "Yes;" I took him to the key - I saw Cooper there, but I could not see Beeson - I looked about, and found him concealed under a table - I desired him to come out three times, but he did not - I put my hand to take him, and he rolled out - I said"You are very drunk - you were not drunk three minutes ago" - I took him up and these shoes were between his legs- I then took Cooper, and took his hat off, and in it was a parcel of sugar, I suppose a pound - I was searching for the handkerchief, and the sugar was gone in a moment - I took the prisoners out, and when we got to the corner of James-street, Cooper got away - I gave Beeson to another officer, and went back and found Cooper in Little James-street, making great resistance - he struck me, got me down, and kicked me; the prosecutor came to my assistance - we were both very ill used - he was very violent - I got from him and sprung my rattle; another man came up and he was secured - he made great resistance indeed - I was laid up for five days.
Cross-examined. Q. Was not the prosecutor very drunk? A. He was the worse for liquor, but he could walk very well - I saw the sugar in Cooper's hat, but it was gone in a minute - it was screwed up, but I could see at one end that it was sugar - Cooper was coming out of the public-house as we went in - I said, "I want you," and he went back and sat down.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAINES
               



             (police-constable D 130). I was on duty and went with Sergeant Horsford to the Key - Cooper was coming out - the sergeant said, "I want you," and he went back; I took Cooper out, as soon as we got out, he said, "D-n your eyes don't collar me and I will walk;" he walked till we came to Little Queen-street, and then ran off; I overtook him, and he struck and kicked me in a dreadful manner.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the sugar in his hat? A. Yes, and an old handkerchief, but not the prosecutor's handkerchief; that has not been found - the sugar was snatched away, and a little was spilt on the table.
BEESON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
COOPER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
