




1034. 




JAMES DUNCAN
 was indicted for

feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Chaplin, on the 
21st of March, at 
St. Andrew, Holborn, and stealing therein 16 half-crowns, 60 shilling, and 40 sixpences, the monies of 



James Maskell; and 8 sovereigns, 1 half sovereign, and 15 shillings, the monies of the said William Chaplin; and 




JAMES FALLEN



for feloniously and maliciously inciting and procuring the said 



James Duncan to commit the said felony.






JOHN FLETCHER
. I was waiting about at the White Horse, in Fetter-lane, for jobs, about half-past four o'clock on Tuesday morning, the 22nd of March, and I caught hold of a chap's stick who was in a coach—I said to him, "Is your name Hoppe?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "You have no business here at al"—I knew both the prisoners by sight before that morning—I saw Duncan in the York coach—he had no business there—he was not employed there—I shut the door, and shut him in—he was alone—he said his mother had locked him out.





JAMES MASKELL
. I am book-keeper at the White Horse. I left on Monday evening, the 21st of March, about a quarter before ten o'clock—the office is up the yard, and is part of the house, but there is no inlet to the office but from the yard—there is no communication with the dwelling-house, except by going through the yard—you must come out into the yard to go the house—there is simply a covered way from the office to the tavern, so that you can pass along without going into the rain—it is part of the house—the rooms over the officer are bed-rooms for gentlemen stopping at the tavern—when I went away at night, I left my desk double locked, and a bar of iron went inside the lid of the desk through the bottom of the desk, where there is a plate of iron which fastens with a padlock—I left the porter in the office when I left—his name is Greenland—he is not here—there was £6 silver, loose in the desk—there were two parcels also which seemed to contain money, which had come by the coach that evening, and which I placed in the desk.

for security—I do not know myself what they contained—there was also some silver in a bag which was not taken, as something last over it—I was sent for between six and seven o'clock next morning by the porter, and found the desk had evidently been forced open—the padlock had been forced, the tongue of it wrenched up so as to allow the how of the padlock to pass it, and the brass work of the desk-lock had been forced—I missed those parcels and the loose silver—I examined the office-door—that had not been forced—I made inquiry, and on questioning Fletcher, in consequence of what he said, I went in quest of Duncan, and gave him into custody—I found him in the passage of his mother's lodging—the officer searched him, in my presence, and in his boot found four shillings, two of them were new—he told me something at the station-house—I made him no threat or promise—it was entirely voluntary—the officer told me he was crying—when I entered the station-house he was crying, and as soon as he saw me, he said, "I did it, Mr. Maskell, and will tell you all about it"—he said he got into the York coach, which was brought from the coach-factory, and stood in the lane—that he got inside the coach, and remained there till it was drawn into the yard again, at the gates being closed, and at one o'clock he got out, and let himself into my office with a key that he had got—that he took a poker and forced the padlock, and then forced the desk and took the two parcels and the money—that he had been instigated to do it by another boy—he said that he had got a light with some matches and a candle, and that when he had done it, he got out and got into the York coach, where Fletcher saw him, and remained there till the gates were opened, and was drawn in the coach into Fetter-lane—that he then got out, and went to the house of another boy not in custody, and opened the parcel—took out the money and placed it in a cream-jug, to remain there till the matter had blown over—that he took five shillings and spent one, and the remaining four shillings, were in his boot—he said one parcel contained sovereigns, half-sovereigns, and five shillings, which he afterwards corrected, and side was seven shillings—and the other parcel contained a good deal of money—he did not know how much—that they placed all the money in a cream-jug, to save it till it had blown over—he formerly had something to do at our yard—the principal park of the loose silver in my desk was new money, and two of the four shilling found on him were new.





JOSEPH SHAW
. I am a policeman. I received Duncan in charge from Maskell—I searched him, and found four shillings in the boot of his left leg—I was present when he mentioned the particulars to Maskell—I have heard what he has stated, it is correct—he told me the same thing before, but not exactly in the same words—I made him no promise or threat—I went to Plough-court, and, while I was watching, Fallen came down stairs—there was another officer there, and he gave him into custody—Fallen told me that he stole the key of the office and gave it to Duncan, on the Saturday morning—this was after his first examination, as I was taking him from the justice-room to the Compter—I had not promised or threatened him in any way.





CHARLES WALLER
. I am a city policeman. I found a key at a house in Wych-street, Strand, behind a water-butt, where Hagger lived, who is not apprehended—I showed the key to Duncanhe said it was the key which he took to Hagger's house with the two parcels of the money—I took it to the office, and it fitted the door.





JAMES MASKELL

re-examined. The covered passage leads from the office

door to the tavern door—it is brought forwards from the building to the coaches, that passengers may alight without being in the rain—the covered way is not enclosed—one side is the wall of the house, and the other side is exposed to the yard—it is supported by posts, but not enclosed—there is no door communicating from the office into the house—you must go under the passage way, under cover.

Duncan. I broke the desk open—I was forced by Hagger, and brought into a bad line to do it.

Fallen. This boy asked me to get the key—I did not know what he was going to do.

Duncan. Yes he did.

DUNCAN—



GUILTY of Larceny only. Aged 15.



Transported for Seven Years.

FALLEN—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
