





825. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HARDINGHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of March
, 1 portmanteau, value 40s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     James
                  




               
            .


                  FREDERICK 
                  KELLY
               



            . I live with Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  James
               



            , a trunkmaker
, in Piccadilly


. On the 5th of March, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, we missed a portmanteau from the corner of the door - I had seen it safe an hour before; a female gave some information, and I went to Chelsea and saw it.
ELIZA REVEARD. I am married, and lodge at my father's, in Terrace-court New Road, Chelsea; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith
               



             lives in the house - on Saturday night (I believe, the 5th of March,) there came a knock at the door; I heard my father open it, and the prisoner asked if Mr. Smith was at home - my father said he believed not, but the prisoner came in, and I lighted him up stairs; he had a portmantean in his hand, and he asked Mrs. Smith to let him leave it for one hour - she said he might leave it for an hour, but he must fetch it away then, as she went to bed very early; I had seen the prisoner before.
WILLIAM SULLIVAN. I am a Police-constable. On Friday, the 11th of March, I went to the house, and found this portmanteau under the bed.
THOMAS BAIRNES. I took the prisoner on the 16th of March; he asked me if I knew where Smith was - I said Yes, he was in custody, and had had one hearing, because the property had been found at his house; I had been after the prisoner for five days.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I heard there were two officers looking after me, and I went to the Red House; I told them I could be taken there at any time, but they took me at the Star and Garter.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
