



832. 




JOHN TAYLOR
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
23rd of January, 4 handkerchiefs, value 17s., the goods of 



William Whistler.






CHARLES STEWART WARDEN
. I am a constable of Woolwich. I produce some silk handkerchiefs which I received on Wednesday evening, the 23rd of January, from the serjeant-major of the rifle brigade—in consequence of information, I went to Mr. Whistler's shop at Greenwich, and afterwards to the barracks, and took the prisoner—I told him the charge—he said he had received the handkerchiefs from a girl at Deptford.





JOSEPH WILKINSON
. I am a sergeant-major in the rifle brigade, stationed at Woolwich. The prisoner was a private in the corps—on the morning of the 23rd of January, I sent for him, and asked him if three handkerchiefs given to me by Ford, belonged to him—he said they did, and they were given to him by a girl at Deptford—he had one round his neck of the same pattern—I desired him to take that off, and reported it to the commanding officer, who desired me to give them to the constable to make inquiry about them—there was room for a dozen handkerchiefs under his waistcoat.





WILLIAM FORD
. I am a sergeant in the rifle brigade. On the morning of the 23rd of January, I found a piece of silk handkerchiefs in a spare bed adjoining the prisoner's, concealed inside the mattrass—the bed was almost knocked down by nobody sleeping on it, and I doubled it up again

—I went into the yard, and found the prisoner had one of the same pattern round his neck—I asked him if those handkerchiefs belonged to him—he said yes, and that a girl gave them to him at Deptford.





JOHN WHISTLER
. I assist my father, William Whistler, a draper at Greenwich. These silk handkerchiefs belong to him—I missed them, to the best of my recollection, on Tuesday evening, the 22nd of January—I had seen two riflemen in the shop that afternoon—I cannot recognise the prisoner as being one of them.





JAMES GOODWIN
. I am a private in the rifle brigade. On Tuesday afternoon, the 22nd of January, I went to the prosecutor's shop with the prisoner, and bought a pair of stockings—the prisoner was dressed in his undress clothing, as he is now—I went from there to Deptford, and got to the barracks about eight o'clock in the evening—the prisoner parted company with me for about three-quarters of an hour in Deptford—I did not notice the handkerchiefs in the shop.

Prisoner. Q. Was not I talking to you all the time I was in the shop? A. Yon were in the shop with me, and spoke to me about the stockings you wanted—you went across to the other side of the shop, and asked the price of another pair—the gentleman said they were 2s. 8d., and yon said it was too dear.

COURT. Q. Have the soldiers pockets in their clothes. A. Only watchpockets, unless we have them put ourselves—his waistcoat was buttoned up in the shop.

Prisoner. I had these clothes on, and could not conceal any thing.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

