




800. 




GEORGE PARKER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of August, 12 gowns, value 40l.; 1 riding habit, value 5l.; 24 pairs of stockings, value 3l.; 12 shifts, value 6l.; 20 handkerchiefs, value 7l.; 6 night-caps, value 7s.; 24 petticoats, value 7l. 10s.; 20 towels, value 30s.; 4 aprons, value 8s.; 6 pairs of shoes, value 2l.; 10 pairs of boots, value 17l.; 2 hats, value 2l.; 1 hat-box, value 10s.; 1 accordion, value 6l. 6s.; 1 skirt, value 1l. 6 shawls, value 12l.; 72 pairs of gloves, value 5l.; 72 shirts, value 20l.; 1 pair of breeches, 2l.; 12 brushes, value 1l.; 1 opera glass, value 1l.; 72 pairs of socks, value 9l.; 1 writing-desk, value 1l.; 1 bridle, value 2l.; 5 trunks, value 6l.; 2 jars, value 2l.; 2 paintings, value 4l.; 300 pieces of music, value 150l.; and 37 books, value 55l.; the goods of 



Hickman Rose Kirby, Esq., his master.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






HICKMAN ROSE KIRBY, ESQ
. In the early part of last year I took the prisoner into my service, and he accompanied me to Spain—I returned in July wounded, and the prisoner was still in my service—I went out again on the 16th of August—I entrusted the prisoner with trunks containing the articles stated—I was going through France, and directed him to go from Portsmouth—I went to Spain—he did not come to me as I expected—I returned to England, and got here on the 27th of January—the prisoner came to me and gave me the duplicates, and said that I was very fortunate to get them—he said he had pawned the things, and that he wanted money, and he did not expect to see me again, as he heard I had been so wounded, he did not expect I should survive—I had hired him as groom, at 25l. a year, and half-a-crown a day board wages—when I went away I left him 5l. and a free passage—I advanced him 27l. in all, which was more than a year's wages.

Prisoner. The vessel did not sail for three weeks after you went—I applied to your friends, and none could give me any information—I could not go out in the vessel, as it was not going for three weeks—Captain King said he would not take me with the luggage, as it was too much, and if I did not get off the quarter-deck, he would kick me off. Witness. I know that is the truth, but if he had applied to the agent, they would have sent him by another conveyance—I had a free passage for him from the Queen of Spain.

COURT. Q. When were you wounded? A. On the 1st of October, in the lines of St. Sebastian.





JAMES LEA
. I took the prisoner in charge—here is a duplicate of one suit of clothes, pawned on the 19th of August, for 3l., another on the 24th of August for 1l. 5s., another on the 3rd of September for 1l., and on the 15th of September is another—there were many other duplicates for which the property was given up—I have a duplicate on the 11th of October of a coat, for 1l.—I found two trunks at the prisoner's mother's house in Gloucester-street, and some portion of the property—in each chest I found a quantity of shirts, and books, and other things, and these two bills for 25l.





WILLIAM ROBERTS
. I am shopman to a pawnbroker in Exmouth-street, Spafields. I never saw the prisoner, but one set of clothes and four waistcoats were pawned in our shop in August last, for 3l.—these are the duplicates of them—one pair of Wellington-boots was pawned for 1l. 5s. on the 3rd of September, by the prisoner's mother—on the 28th of September a work-box for 8s., and on the 11th of October there were some other things, but they were given up.





COLONEL KIRBY

re-examined. I gave Lea the duplicates which I received from the prisoner, but they do not account for a tenth part of the property I have lost—the rest is lost—these two bills are Spanish bills, they were in my writing-desk, which I left with the prisoner.

Prisoner's Defence. Colonel Kirby said he was going through France, that I must come by the Royal Tar, and I should not want much money—I received no wages, and was in distress—the last time I saw my master the gave me a £5 note, and I said it was not enough, as I had to pay 6l. to

the glass-coachman—as soon as he arrived I sent to him; he acknowledged his faults, and gave me 6l., I gave him the duplicates, and he had me taken.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
