





591. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of February
, 1 mat, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Spencer
                        




                     
                   and another
            .


                  ANN 
                  FENDICK
               



            . I am housekeeper to 
               
                  George 
                  Spencer
               



             and another, solicitor
s, Size-lane


. There were two mats in their passage; one was chained to the door, and the other sewn to it. On Thursday last, about half-past five o'clock, I heard the chain make a noise, as if it was disturbed; I was in the kitchen; I ran up, and saw theprisoner with the mat in his hands, upright - I am certain he is the man; I said, "Oh! you thief," he dropped it, and walked away - he had separated it from the one which was chained - I went out after him, and I never lost sight of him; I laid hold of his coat; he broke from me, but was stopped by a gentleman - it was in the daytime.
MR. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  AUGUSTUS ROBERTS
               



            . I am a merchant, and live in Bucklersbury - I saw the prisoner and witness disputing, and saw the prisoner break from her; she desired me to pursue, as he was a thief - he walked to the corner of Size-lane, then ran off; I followed, and stopped him - Fendick came up, and charged him with stealing the mat; he begged to be let go - I did not lose sight of him.


                  RICHARD 
                  GEORGE STATHAM
               



            . I am a constable - I received him in charge, and on his person found a screwdriver, a bag, a large knife, and two small screws - here is the mat; the string it is sewn with is cut.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. When the woman came out I was twenty yards from the door; she said, "You wretch, what have you been doing?" I said I had done no harm, and went round the corner; the gentleman laid hold of me - I have been out of employ a long time, and many days have not broken my fast for nine hours.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
