



371. 




WILLIAM CARLTRIDGE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of December, from the person of 



William Peters, 2 jackets, value 1l. 2s.; 3 shirts, value 9s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; I belt, value 2s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 pocket-book, value 9d.; 1 bag, value 2d.; 1 sovereign, 2 half-sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, 17 shillings, and 1 £5 bank-note; his goods, monies, and property.






WILLIAM PETERS
. I was a soldier, but was discharged and paid off from the 55th Regiment last Thursday fortnight, the 15th of December, in Oxford-market, and had this money and property about me—I had a £5 note in a pocket-book, in my breast—the remainder of the money was in a little bag in my breeches-pocket—I had a bundle that contained these articles—I first saw the prisoner at Oxford-market, some time in the afternoon—he was a stranger—I cannot say how we got aquainted—I

went into a public-house to get a pint of ale—he told me to go with him and he would get me good lodgings for the night—I think it was a public-house—I got drunk, and when I came to my senses in the morning, I found every thing was gone, and I was in the station-house—I got in there by falling out with him about losing my things; I asked him where my things were, he said they were safe enough—I was making a noise in the street, and the officer took us to the station-house.





JOHN SHOOLER
 (police-constable D 155.) I saw the prisoner about in o'clock in the evening of the 15th of December, in South-street, Manchester-square, with a large bundle under his arm—he asked me whether I could show him a house to have a comfortable pint of beer, as he had just come off furlough, and his time was not up till nine o'clock—I showed him the Barley Mow, and saw him go in there—he walked up Manchester-street with me.





WILLIAM BILBUN
. I am a coachman. On the evening of the 15th of December I saw the prisoner at the Barley Mow—he had got a large bunds—he said he had got some clothes he wanted to dispose of, which he dared not take to the barracks, being coloured clothes—there were four stocking and one pair of gloves, which I purchased of him—these are the articles.





JOHN REYNOLDS
. I am a labourer. I was at the Barley Mow, and saw Bilbun buy these stockings and gloves—the prisoner brought these in, and said he had come on furlough from Scotland, from his motel in Aberdeen—he asked me to show him where there was a pawnbroker's I took him to Mr. Ross, at the corner of Paddington-street and East-street, and waited till he came out.





FRANCIS THOMPSON
. I am shopman to MR. ROSS. On the 15th of December, the prisoner came, about six o'clock, and pawned a shootingjacket, a round fustian jacket, and some other things, in the name of "William Welby, Portman-street barracks."

Prisoner. Q. Had I an epaulette on or a side-belt? A. I cannot say, but I can swear to your person.





DAVID JAMES
 (police-constable D 91.) I have a small bundle that the prisoner left with Reynolds after he pawned these things—I took the prisoner in charge—there was 11s. 3d. found on him when he was searched at the barracks.





WILLIAM PETERS
. These things are mine, and they were all tied is this handkerchief—the money was all gone.

Prisoner. I was searched immediately I went into the barracks—the pass of the prosecutor was found on another soldier the next morning; and he stated that this old man lost his pass in the street, and he found it there.





THOMAS FOSTER
. I am serjeant of the 3rd regiment of Fusileer Guards, The prisoner was not on furlough at that time.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
