




1398. 




JANE SMITH
 was indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Berkshire, about the hour of one in the night of the 
13th of April, at the parish of 

Christ Church, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 5 pairs of sugar-tongs, value 10s.; 33 spoons, value 4l.; 4 boxes, value 2s.; 14 rings, value 3l.; 2 watches, value 5l.; 1 seal, value 2s.; I watch-key, value 6d.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d.; 1 smelling-bottle, value 6d.; 1 bottle-case, value, 3d.; I operaglass, value 7s.; 1 pair of scales, value 1s. 6d.; 1 cream-jug, value 1l. 5s.; 2 salt-cellars, value 1l.; 1 castor, value 10s.; 1 drachm of silver, value 1s.; 1 till, value 6d.; 1 sixpence, 36 pence, and 81 halfpence; his goods and monies: and 




MARY GUNN



, for feloniously receiving part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






JOHN BERKSHIRE
. I am a carman and coal-dealer, and live in George-street, in the parish of Christ Church, Surrey. I have known the prisoner, Smith, from a child—she was frequently backwards and forwards at my house—her mother worked for us fourteen years, and we were in the habit of receiving her at our house, and getting her situations, but we refused, ten or eleven months ago, to receive her any more—on the night of Good Friday, I went to bed about half-past ten o'clock—the street-door was left on the latch-key, so that the lodgers could let themselves in with a key—it cannot be opened without a key—I locked the shop-door and the passage, and took the key out—about half-past four o'clock next morning, I was called by the police—I missed the key of the shop-door from the bed-room—I came down stain, and found the street-door open, and the door leading from the passage to the shop—the key I had taken up stain was in the door, which was open—I went into the parlour, and found the doors of a book-case open, and missed from there a silver watch, a deal-box containing thirty-three silver spoons, some gold rings, and an opera-glass—I usually kept that box up stairs, but omitted to take it up that night.





RICHARD MORRIS
 (police-constable M 140.) I received the prisoner Smith in custody on the 14th of April, from another constable—she was going to make a statement to him, and he told her if she had any thing to state, to state it to me—I did not caution her or entice her to say any thing—she told me she should not have done this if she had not been persuaded to do it by a young man—I asked her what young man—she said she did not know his name, nor where he lived—she had seen him but once before that night, and she was to meet him on that night, the 14th, at eleven o'clock, in Charles-street, Blackfriars-road—she then gave me the names of three pawnbrokers, Burgess; Martin, on Snow-hill; and Ward, Gray's Inn-lane; and a description of the houses of the others—I went there with the prosecutor's wife, and she identified the articles which the pawnbrokers have to produce—I found property at each of them, which

the prosecutor's wife claimed—I produce a pair of sugar-tongs, ten teaspoons, and one salt-shovel, which I received from Henry Long, shopman to Ward, in Gray's Inn-lane.

Smith. I told him I had not committed the robbery, but only pledged the things—I said the robbery was committed by the young man. Witness. She did not say it was done by the young man, but she said before the Magistrate that the young man handed the things to her at the door—I am certain she said she should not have done it if it had not been for the young man—she did not say what the young man induced her to do—she had made part of her statement to the policeman who apprehended her, and that was the reason he referred her to me.





JOHN GRAVESTOCK
 (police-constable M 163.) In consequence of information, I went with Mr. Berkshire, on Saturday, the 14th of April, to No. 39, Glasshouse-yard, Gravel-lane, St. Saviour's—I found Mr. Gunn, the prisoner's husband, at home, and he fetched Mrs. Gunn, the prisoner—as soon as she came in she began to exclaim that she wanted to find Mr. Berkshire, for the girl Smith had brought something there, and she did not know what it was, but she felt it heavy, and thought it belonged to Mr. Berkshire (Mr. Berkshire was standing by the side of her at the time, but she pretended not to know him—she afterwards acknowledged that she had known him for years)—nothing had been said about the goods being in that house—her husband had fetched her in, and he might have spoken to her—she did not give us an opportunity of telling her what we wanted—when she said Smith had brought something she thought was wrong, I said, "Let me see what there is, for I want to search the house"—she then said she would show me—I asked where it was—she said, "Up stairs"—I told her to go up and let me see it—I followed her up stairs—as soon as she got into the bed-room, she pulled a box from one corner of the room, and said, "There it is, but what it is, so help me God, I do not know"—it was a box without any lid—I examined the contents, and in a petticoat which was the outside wrapper, I found a snuff-box, containing a quantity of rings—a box containing a quantity of trinkets—another box containing one ring and a smelling-bottle—they were wrapped up in the petticoat that I could not see what was in the box, though there was no lid—this handkerchief and towel were in it, and 8l. 5s. 10 1/2 d. In gold, silver, and halfpence—there was 6s. 4 1/2 d. In copper—I then told her I must take her into custody with her husband—there was a box of lucifers, and a latchkey which will open the door of Mr. Berkshire's house—also a watch, a ribbon, a seal, and a key.

Gunn. I did not pretend not to know Mr. Berkshire—I have knows him twenty years.





JOHN CHRISTIAN FRY
. I am shopman to Mr. Martin, a pawnbroker, on Snow-hill. I produce fifteen tea-spoons, two pairs of sugar-tongs, and a salt-spoon, which were pawned by the prisoner Smith on Saturday, the 14th of April, as near as I can recollect, about nine o'clock in the morning.





THOMAS HENRY PEEBLES
. I am shopman to Messrs. Barrow and Goodburn, pawnbrokers, Upper North-place, Gray's Inn-road. I produce a silver watch, an opera-glass, and a pair of scales, which were pawned by the prisoner Smith.





CHARLES JAMES MERCER
. I am in the service of Mr. Burton, Chichester-place, Gray's Inn-road. I produce four table-spoons which were pawned by Smith, a little after eight o'clock in the morning of the 14th of April.






ARTHUR JOHN NORTH
. I am shopman to Mr. Blackburn, a pawnbroker, in Skinner-street, Somers-town. I produce a silver milk-pot which was pawned by the prisoner Smith on the 14th of April, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning—our shop is about five minutes' walk from Mercer's.





RICHARD SCOTT SHORTREAD
. I live with Mr. Loveday, a pawnbroker, in Calthorpe-place, Gray's Inn-road. I produce two silver salts, a silver pepper-castor, two silver salt-spoons, and a piece of silver pawned by a female, between eight and nine o'clock on Saturday morning, the 14th of April—I cannot swear to the prisoner—our shop is five minutes' walk from Mercer's.

MR. BERKSHIRE
re-examined. All the articles produced belong to me—some of the rings and some old spoons are not marked—but I am quite certain of these spoons, and milk-ewer, pepper-castor, salt-cellar, and other articles—they were all in the deal box—I lost my till from the shop, with about 7s. or 8s. In halfpence—I did not lose the gold and silver money—I believe I have recovered all I lost—I have seen the latch-key land tried it—it will open my door—it might have been a key of mine before, but I cannot say.

Smith's Defence. Gunn is quite innocent of the parcel I left with her—I did not commit the robbery—it was committed by the young man.

Gunn's Defence. Smith came and asked me to allow her to leave the bundle—I said, "Yes, Jane," but I did not know what was in it—I was going out, and took and put it into a box—I went out, and met a neighbour, who said, "Do you know Mr. Berkshire?"—I said, "Yes"—she said, "I hear he has been robbed by the girl Smith, who comes backwards and forwards to your house"—my husband came after me, and said, "Come home"—I said, "What do you want?"—he said, "We have nothing wrong belonging to any one, to my knowledge, but I am afraid you have done wrong in allowing Jane to leave the bundle"—I said I did not know what was in it—I never opened it, but took it in in a careless manner—persons often ask me to let them leave bundles—if I had been guilty I could easily have run away—I asked Smith why she served me such a dirty trick, as to bring stolen things to my house—she said she did not mean to leave them at my house, but she met a woman who said Mr. Berkshire wanted to see her, and having the things in her lap, she left them as she went.

MR. BERKSHIRE
re-examined. I did not know Gunn before—Smith was met by a person in the street, and was told I wanted to see her—she voluntarily came to my house—I had information which took us to Gun—I got there about half-past ten o'clock in the morning.

SMITH*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.

GUNN—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabia.

