



1949. 




JOHN PAYNE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of August, 1 basket, value 2s.; 4 shirts, value 15s.; 5 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; 1 collar, value 6d.; 1 flannel waistcoat, value 1s.; 1 pair of drawers, value 1s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; and 3 towels, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 




Elizabeth Tombleson.






ELIZABETH TOMBLESON
. I wash for different people, and William White takes home the articles—on the 3rd of August I sent home a basket of clothes, containing the articles stated—he was to take them to Maddox-street, and to call at No. 10, Bedford-row—I afterwards saw the things, and the prisoner was then in custody.





WILLIAM WHITE
. I had a cart with a horse in it, and was to take this basket to Maddox-street—I called in Bedford-row about three o'clock, and while I was delivering a basket there, I left my cart outside—when I came out, I missed the basket from the cart, containing the clothes stated in the indictment—I saw no one—I found them at Bow-street the same evening—I know nothing of the prisoner.





WILLIAM BARRIMORE
. I am a sadler. I had been to work near Lincoln's-inn-fields, and was crossing the end of Bedford-row—I saw the prisoner and another—the prisoner had the basket on his shoulder—the other beckoned him with the hand to come on—I had not seen my cart—I

thought by their looks that they had stolen them—I was determined to follow them, which I did down Brownlow-street, till I saw a policeman at the corner of Cursitor-street—I told him what I suspected—he pursued the prisoner—he turned and saw us—he threw down the basket, and ran away, but was taken, and the basket—the other got away.

Prisoner. Q. Did you lose sight of me? A. I did for a moment, while I spoke to the policeman—I have no doubt he is the man.





DANIEL MULLINS
. I am a police-constable. The witness met me in Chancery-lane—I saw the prisoner carrying the basket—I followed him—he threw it down, and attempted to escape—I am certain he was carrying it.





DANIEL EDMUNDS
. I am a police-sergeant. Here is the basket—it contained the articles stated.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
