





1065. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     BALDWINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of March
, 1 gown, value 14s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Brice
                  




               
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  BRICE
               



            . I live in Brownlow-street, Drury-lane


, and am an organ-builder
. The prisoner lodged with me for about four months; she left on Saturday, the 26th of March - I then missed a long train dress from a wardrobe - there are working persons who reside in the house; the prisoner represented herself as a servant out of a situation
 - she had access to the front parlour, in which the wardrobe was; my wife and child sleep there.


                  ROBERT 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Newberry, a pawnbroker, in Drury-lane. I have a black velvet dress, pawned by the prisoner, on the 23rd of March, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Bennett
               



            , No. 6, Brownlow-street; the prosecutor lives at No. 8; I think I had seen the prisoner before, and I saw her two or three days afterwards.
DANIEL BRICE. This is my dress - I do not know what rent the prisoner paid; I think I was out of town when she took the lodging, but her money being spent, and having a dissipated mother-in-law, and but few clothes, I said she might stay and do needle-work - she left me on the Saturday, to go to a place in Oxford-street, as she told us - on the Monday we missed a gown, and on further search we missed this dress; her mother is a kind of charwoman at the Olympic theatre, and her father is a servant there.


                  ROBERT 
                  SUTTLE
               



             (Police-constable B 97.) I took the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
