






2028. 




HENRY SMITH, alias
 Jones

, was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
9th of August, 1 box, value 1s.; 1 trunk, value 1s.; 1 work-box, value 10s.; 1 dressing-case, value 1l. 10s.; 1 writing-case, value 10s.; 2 spoons, value 6s.; 1 flute, value 2l. 10s.; 1 flute-box, value 15s.; 1 brooch, value 5s.; 2 rings, value 15s.; 3 printed books, value 4l.; and 1 thermometer, value 5s.; the goods of 



Henry Powell, clerk; and that he had been he fore convicted of felony; and 




GEORGE CROUCH,



 MARY WILLIAMS
, and 




WINIFRED BRADY



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.—3rd COUNT, for feloniously receiving the same of an evil-disposed person, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






MESSES. CLARKSON

and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





LOUISA SWALLOW
. On the 6th of August eleven boxes were forwarded from my house to the Church Missionary Society-house, in Salisburysquare—on the Friday evening following, which was the 10th, I received some information-since that I have seen two boxes—I had assisted in packing them, on the 6th, for my niece, Mrs. Powell—she is the wife of the Rev. Henry Powell—one of these boxes contained different articles of wearing apparel, and several religious and other books—the other contained a rose-wood dressing-case, and a variety of things, among which was a Testament-all the articles are the property of the lady and gentleman I have named—I recognised all the articles I have seen produced by the pawnbroker and officer—they are all the property of this lady and gentleman—there are some pieces of parchment which I recognised also.





THOMAS ELLISON COLLISON
. I live at No 14, John-street, Liverpool-road, Islington, and am clerk to the Church Missionary Society. On

Tuesday, the 6th of August, eleven boxes were received at the Church Missionary Society-house, in Salisbury-square, for the Rev. Henry Powell, about the middle of the day—I received some information about them on the 10th, which induced me to go to the warehouse—I then missed two of the eleven boxes—the two boxes are in the possession of the officer—they were locked when I received them, and at the time they were misted, as for as I know.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When did you tee them last safe? A. On Thursday morning, and missed them on the Friday.





GEORGE ATTENBOROUGH
. I am a pawnbroker, in Crown-street On Thursday afternoon, the 9th of August, between five and six o'clock, the prisoner Brady came into my shop, and offered an odd volume of a Testament—she asked 4s. for it—I asked her to whom it he longed, and how she he came possessed of it—she said it was her husband's, and she was a Catholic, bat her husband was a Protestant; and if she bad her way she would not let him have such a book—I said, "I shall send for a policeman"-when he came she said that a person of the name of George Crouch gave it her—I knew him, and sent for him, and he denied all knowledge of the book and her—I told the officer to take them both he fore the Magistrate; but the office being closed, Crouch came back and disclosed to me some particulars, on which the other parties were taken up.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Had you known Brady before? A. No—I had no knowledge of her—I have been to the house where she lived, and her husband seems a respectable hard-working man—he has been some time foreman of the City stone-yard—I stated to the Magistrate, that when Crouch came he denied having given her the Testament—I am positive of that—I attended three times—my statement was taken down—I heard it read over-whether that is down I do not know—I do not know whether Crouch lived in the same house" with Brady, but Williams and Brady lived together—this Testament is a two guinea work—one volume is worth a guinea-when Crouch came I told him that I suspected the book was stolen, not that he had stolen it—I gave Brady in charge—I knew Crouch, he cause he had been employed by us as a porter.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You went to the house where Williams and Brady lived? A. Yes-Brady lives in the room above Williams.





LOUISA SWALLOW

re-examined. This Testament was one of the articles, in one of the two boxes—the other volume has been forwarded—this is the second volume.

MR. JONES. Q. Had you ever seen it in the possession of Mr. Powell? A. Yes, at ray own house.





WILLIAM KENCHET
 (police-constable G 26.) I was on duty, in Crown-street, on the 9th of August—I received information from one of Mr. Attenborough's young men—I went between five and six o'clock in the evening to his house, and took Brady for stealing this book—she told me that Crouch gave her the book, and asked her to go and pawn it, to make 3s. or 4s. of it, as he had been out of work all the week-Crouch was sent for—he was informed what Brady had said, and he denied it—Mr. Attenborough gave me some information about Jackson's Buildings—I went from the station-house to Mr. Attenborough, and I and Mr. Attenborough's young man want to No. 8, Jackson's Buildings—I forget whether Crouch went—the door was fast—we made a noise, and tried to open it—we staid till between nine and ten o'clock, till Peak came on duty-Peak and Stannard went

against the door, and broke it open—I went in with them—we went to the first floor front room-Stannard went to the cupboard, and got this box—(looking at one)—I do not think there was a back room—there was a bed in the room—I saw Peak take this trunk from under it—I found a music box, and "flute preceptor" in the room—on the same night, in consequence of further information, I took Crouch into custody—I told him I wanted him to go to the station-house with me-when we got five or six yards from the place, he said, "I know what they want with me," but I think he merely meant they wanted to lock him up.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you go to him? A. I waited for him, and he came—he had been about all the afternoon.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. You had not known Brady before? A. No—Mrs. Williams is the housekeeper—the prisoner, Mary Williams, is her daughter—Mrs. Williams lives in the first floor, where this box was found, and Mary lives with her mother-Brady and her husband lived in the top-room on the third floor—there is a floor he tweet them and Williams—I took Crouch after Mr. Attenborough had sent for him, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night.

MR. JONES
to
GEORGE ATTENBOROUGH. Q. You had employed Crouch? A. Yes, for one or two weeks, as a porter, and I should say not a week before this transaction.





LOUISA SWALLOW

re-examined. These are the same boxes that went from my house—(looking at them)-and which I assisted in packing.





RICHARD ATTENBOROUGH
. I am a pawnbroker, and live at No. 31, Crown-street, in the same house with my brother. between six and seven o'clock, on the evening of the 9th of August, Smith came to my shop, and offered to pawn this rose-wood work-box—(producing it)—he said he was the manufacturer or maker of it—I had received some information from Crouch, and I sent for Crouch while Smith was in the house—I asked Crouch whether this box was part of the property he had been talking to me about when he was there he fore—he said, "Yes"-Smith had a blue bag with him—I told him to give it up—he would not—I took it from him by main force, and found this letter-case in it—it contained private letters addressed to the "Rev. Henry Powell"—I gave him into custody.

MRS. SWALLOW. I can identify both the work-box and case—they were in the box.





JOSEPH STANNARD
 (police-constable G 229.) On the evening of the 9th of August I went to Mr. Attenborough's shop—I there received charge of Smith—I took him to the station-house-in going along, I said to him, "You have been up to you old tricks again"—he said, "I suppose it is all up now"—that was all he said—I afterwards went to No. 8, Jackson's Buildings—I went up stairs to the first floor, broke open the door, and in the cupboard I saw this box, and up the chimney, some distance, I found these two books—I then examined a large chest, which I broke open, and in that I found this dressing-case-in the front room, one pair, which is Mary Williams's, I found this thermometer, and under the he bed a lot of parchments, and two stamps—the prisoner Williams was not at home—I found many other things, which Mr. Powell was allowed to take away with him by the magistrate—on the following morning I went to No. 10, Huish-court, Water-lane, Fleet-street—I found a woman, named Hibbert, lived here, she was not at home, but I went to her—I there found these papers, which wore identified by Mr. Powell-Smith did not tell me where any of the things came from.


Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Did you search any other room? A. I went and searched Crouch's room, as he lodges in the same house where Williams and Brady live, only it is a side door—Mrs. Brady's is the second floor, the top-you go to another pair of stairs on the left hand and there is Crouch's room—it is near Brady's—I did not search Brady's room.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When you go in at the door, who occupies the room on the ground-floor? A. I believe, Crouch's uncle-Williams occupies the first floor, Brady the floor over that, and Crouch the side room.

Smith. He merely asked me how I obtained the box, and I did not satisfy him.





MATTHEW PEAK
 (police-constable G 198.) I was with the other officers on this night—I went into the first-floor front room, and found this leather trunk—it contained some property and waste paper—the waste paper was not identified—the box showed that it had been broken open—it has been wrenched open by violence, and the lid of the other is broken also—I found some religious books and others—I found these three under the dresser—on the following morning I went to the same room again, and found a pair of trowsers in Williams's room on the first floor—I took them to Smith, and said to him, "These are your trowsers?"—he said, "Yes"—I took off the trowsers he had got on, and put on his own—I asked him how he came by the trowsers he was wearing—he said he had them from a man named Hibbert, for carrying the boxes—these are the trowsers I took from his person—(producing them)—I went the next morning to Huish-court, and the woman Hibbert was given into my custody.





LOUISA SWALLOW
. These are Mr. Powell's trowsers.





HENRY THORNTON
 (police-constable G 55.) About twelve o'clock on Thursday night, the 9th of August, I apprehended Mary Williams in Crown-street, Finsbury—I asked her where she lived—she told me, No. 8, Jackson's-buildings, Long-alley—she did not mention the room at all—I did not search her at the time, nor at any time—I went with her to where she said she lived, and asked her if she had got the key of a large chest that was broken open. In the room—she said, yes, she had, and she produced the key—I took her to the station-house—she said in going along that she knew nothing of the robbery, but afterwards that the things were brought there, and that her sister Ann was there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. She took you to the room? A. Yes, and gave me the key—Mrs. Hibbert is her sister Ann—Mrs. Hibbert was taken up.

MR. PAYNE
to
JOSEPH STANNARD. Q. What was in that chest? A. A great variety of things—there were two gowns, claimed by two women, at Worship-street—they said they had given them to Williams, who was a dress-maker.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. In this chest there were two dresses? A. Yes, laid along with the other things, and wrapped over them-a dressing-case and a great variety of things were given up to the Rev. Mr. Powell.





JANE BALL
. My husband is a carman. We rent the house No. 10, Huish-court, and Mrs. Hibbert occupied the second-floor back room-about three o'clock on Thursday, the 9th of August, I saw the prisoner Smith bring in this box (looking at it) on his shoulder—it appeared to he heavy—he went up the first Hight of stairs-in about twenty minutes he came down by himself, with a brown paper parcel under his arm—I do not think it

was so large as to contain these trowsers—I saw Hibbert bring both these boxes down soon after, and there was a cab at tbeend of the court, and he placed them in it—there was another man about the court-Smith and Mr. and Mrs. Hibbert got into the cab, and went up Water-lane, towards Mrs. Williams's-Crouch was not the other man.





ANN M'CARTHY
. I live at No. 11, Bligh's-buildings, Son-street, Bishopsgate, and am single. On Thursday, the 9th of August, I went to No. 8, Jack's-buildings, to see Mrs. Brady—I know she lives there—I passed Mrs. Williams's room—I saw Crouch there, with a trunk with some brass nails on it, lying at his feet—I think it was locked—it was like this trunk, but I cannot swear it—there was another man with Crouch, but I cannot swear who he was.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. How long have you known Mrs. Brady? A. No more than a week—I do not know whether her husband was at home when I went up stairs—I did not get in—the door was locked.

Smith's Defence. I met with Hibbert, who asked me to carry one of the boxes, which I did, to Huish-court, and I had a witness to it, but he is not here—I fetched a cab out of Farringdon-street for him, and he put the boxes in—I took one, and he went and fetched another.





HENRY THORNTON
 (police-constable G 55.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Smith's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the same person.
(The prisoners Williams and Brady received good characters.)

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

BRADY—


GUILTY
. Aged 39.

Recommended to mercy by the Jury.





Confined Six Months.

CROUCH—


NOT GUILTY
.
