





Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
923. 
               
                  
                     ALFRED 
                     MULCASTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               forging, on the 18th of April
, a request for the delivery of goods
             as follows: -
April 17th, Please send by bearer one dozen, 2 sheet; two dozen, 3 sheet; one dozen, 4 sheet. - Tyrrell, Greek-street. with intent to defraud 
               
                  James Lawrence 
                  Turnbull
               




            , and another; against the Statute, &c.
2nd COUNT. For uttering the same, well knowing it to be forged.


                  JOHN 
                  MILLS
               



            . I am foreman to James Lawrence Turnbull, and 
               
                  John 
                  Turnbull
               



            ; they are in partnership, and are pasteboard-makers
. On the 18th of April, the prisoner came to their shop in Holywell-mount, between one and four o'clock - I heard the bell ring, went down and found him there; he threw down this paper; and said he wanted to take these articles with him - I don't know Mr. Tyrrell of Greek-street; but we have a customer of that name - I went into the manufactory and made up the order; I took it to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Turnbull
               



            , and requested him to make the bill - I gave the goods and the bill to the prisoner; he went away with them - this is the order he brought; this is the way they would be described in the trade; it means two sheets thick, three sheets thick, and four sheets thick- I believed Mr. Tyrrell to be the person for whose use they were sent - the prisoner paid no money.


                  JOHN 
                  TYRRELL
               



            . I am a stationer, and live in Greek-street, Soho. The prisoner was in my employ in 1829, but not since - he was with me for three years; I did not authorise him to apply for any pasteboards in April last - this note is not my writing; I think it is the prisoner's; I have seen him write, but I did not authorised him to write this.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAMAN
               



             (police-constable G 161). I took the prisoner on the 20th of April; I found on him a memorandum of some names.


                  JOHN 
                  TURNBULL
               



            . I live in Holywell-mount. I was at home when these goods were applied for, on the 18th of April; I made out the bill, but made an error in it; I sent a correct bill to Mr. Tyrrell in the evening, and this was discovered - they were the property of me and my partner.
Prisoner. Q.You said at the office you could not swear to me? Witness. A. I do not swear to you.


                  JOHN 
                  MILLS
               



             re-examined. Q. Have you such a recollection of the prisoner's person, as to be able to swear to him. A. I am positive it was him - I had not seen before - he came the next day for another order, which we did not let him have.




               GUILTY of uttering only
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There were two other indictments against the prisoner.
