




1676. 




SAMUEL HOLMES
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
5th of July, 1 tongue, value 4s.; 3 tame doves, value 7s.; and 1 tame pigeon, value 7s.; the goods of 



Richard Booty Cousens, he having been before convicted of felony: and 




MARY SYMONDS
 was indicted for

 receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen, against the statute, &c.






RICHARD BOOTY COUSENS
. I live in York-square, Commercial-road. On the 5th of July I went into my back yard, about half-past five o'clock I missed a bullock's tongue, and these doves, which I had seen safe about ten o'clock the night before—I informed the policeman, and we traced some feathers to Three Compass-court, Brook-street, Ratcliff, to the house of the prisoner Symonds, which is a quarter of mile from my house—the policeman asked if any boys had been there; or if any body had brought any doves—Symonds said "No"—the policeman went up stairs—I staid below, and found, in an iron pot on the fire, the tongue which I had lost—Symonds

said she did not know how it came there—the policeman said she must go to the station-house—a girl came forward and said she should not go, for she would tell who she had it from—she said she received it from Smouchee—we found the entrails of one bird—the feathers which were found were the feathers of my birds, I have no doubt—I saw the claw of a Jamaica pigeon at the police-office.





GEORGE MURRAY
 (police-sergeant K 25) I took the prisoner Holmes—I charged him with taking the tongue—he said "I know nothing about it; but I saw a dog running down White Horse-street with it in his mouth; I stopped him, and gave the tongue to old mother Symonds to cook. "





RICHARD BOOTY COUSENS

re-examined. Q. Was there any appearance of any dog being there? A. No dog could have got at them; and there were marks of mud over the wall—they must have got over a wall eight feet high—the tongue was in a tub of pickle in the yard—It was about eleven o'clock when we found it at Symonds. '





JOHN MELVILLE
 (police-constable K 63) The prosecutor met me in the street, and drew my attention to the feathers of some birds—we traced them to Three Compass-court, where Symonds lives—I went in, and asked if she had seen any boys—she said "No"—I went up stairs, and Mr. Cousens called me down—I came and found this tongue in the pot—I said she must go to the station-house—a woman outside said "No; she shall not go—I will tell you who brought it"—I found a pigeon's claw outside the threshold of the door, close to the lintel.





DANIEL SULLIVAN
. I produce the certificate of Holme's former conviction, which I got at Clerk well—I know he is the person (read).

HOLMES—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—


Transported for Seven Years.

SYMONDS—


NOT GUILTY
.
