



862. 




WILLIAM SKINNER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
28th of January, 5l. pieces of handkerchiefs, value 80l., the goods of 



Edward Reynolds, the younger.






EDWARD REYNOLDS, JUN
. I am a silk printer, and live at Merton, in Surrey. On Friday morning, the 29th of January, we missed these things—they had been put in the drying-room on the 28th of January, in the evening—we lost 5l. pieces of silk out of the drying-room, which is upstairs—Mr. Nicholson's premises are adjacent to ours—I never saw the prisoner before—I have heard him spoken of—he was in bed in his own house when I first saw him on Monday night when he was apprehended—we have quite lost the silk—there is a wall between Mr. Nicholson's premises and ours, and some wooden palings—I observed some footsteps in Mr. Nicholson's premises, leading to my parents—the right foot mark had two nails in the heel, and twelve nails on the side; and on the left foot were three nails in the heel, and twelve nails on the side; and on the tip bad—the party had got in at one window and out at another—and the first footmark I saw was the right foot under the window—they had got up on a lean-to, and got in—we could perfectly trace foot-marks up to the lean-to, and perfectly where they got out—there was the mark of only one person's feet—the shoes taken from the prisoner were the shoes he had on, on the night he was taken—I helped to take them off on the Tuesday morning—I could swear that these shoes were the shoes that made the marks—the nails tallied in all respects—the retreat which was traced in the footsteps went from the window he got out at as well—they got to the summer-house in Mr. Nicholson's garden—but they were not traced all the way.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. When was the robbery? A. On Thursday night, the 28th, or Friday morning—I took him into custody on Monday night—I do not know whether these shoes are commonly worn by labourers—the night we were robbed was very rainy—I do not know whether it rained next day—I cannot say whether it rained for three days—the marks remained a week afterwards in some places an inch deep—I lost fifty-one pieces, worth 80l.—I have lost many more within the last six months.





WILLIAM WEST
. On the morning after the robbery, I was sent for to

the factory—I examined it, and saw the place where a person had got out of window—it was two stories high—he must have been a tall person, or he could not have rested his foot—he had hung by his hand, and then fell down on his side—I saw a foot-mark, which I traced up a gravel walk, then to a summer-house, and then, I dare say, for a mile further, to the prisoner's house—it was a foot-mark as complete as possible—I then went back to the factory, and had some conversation with Mr. Nicholson, and from information I took the prisoner on Monday evening—we had been three times, but could not find him—we went again between ten and eleven o'clock—we knocked, but could get no answer—at last be hallooed out, "Who is there?"—we said, "Open the door, "but he would not—he laid still—we knocked again—he did not answer—he then said, "Who is there?"—Mr. Reynolds said in a feigned voice, "Jack in the Green"—he then jumped up and opened the door—we took him to the watch-house that night—he had put his shoes on, and the next morning I took the shoes and traced them along to fifty places in the marks—they tallied in all respects—in the summer-house where they had rested, there appeared some shreddings of the silk and shavings—I went into the room he had taken them from, and there was the same—on the prisoner's trowsers was the dry dirt, just where he had tumbled—these are the shoes—the left shoe has three nails in the heel, and the right two—I counted all the nails, and I found them tally—on one tip you will find a little bit deficient, and I traced that very mark to within 200 yards of the prisoner's dwelling.

Q. Did these two nails in the other heel tally exactly? A. Yes; they did—on taking the prisoner to Horsemonger-lane, Mr. Reynold's said, "I would not have cared if I had got my silk back again, as they are all new patterns"—the prisoner said, "You have not gone the right way to get them"—the prisoner's family has been in distress a long while. Cross-examined. Q. How high was the window at which the thieves got in? A. I should think fifteen or sixteen feet, and the lean too nearly reached up to the window—he got up on a gate first—he got out from another window, four or five windows off—he had got on the top of the next window below, and then jumped, I should say, ten or twelve feet—he came on his feet, and then fell on his side—I looked at the shoes while he had them on—I looked at the soles and nails—I saw the tips first—I was in the room while he was dressing that night—I told the Magistrates what he said to Mr. Reynolds about his not going the right away to work—these are shoes generally worn by labourers, but they are not all nailed the same—the prisoner lives more than a mile from the prosecutor—nearer the church—at about 100 yards from his house we get to the fields, and then there is a bye-road to Mr. Reynolds'—I know Underwood—he gave the information—it was very rainy the first part of the night, but it held up afterwards—Underwood is in Horsemonger-lane for stealing or receiving cloth.





WILLIAM WRIGHT
. I am a horse-patrol. I went on the Friday morning, and took particular notice of how the party escaped from the window—I traced the foot-marks from the prosecutor's to Mr. Nicholson's Summer-house, which is close to a wall which the party got over—I took notice of the shoe-marks, which were very exact, and when I saw these shoes, I said directly, "These are the shoes that made the marks."

COURT
to
EDWARD REYNOLDS. Q. Is this your dwelling-house? A.


Not where the property was taken from—the prisoner said, I did not go the right way to get the property—he had no right to be on the premises.




GUILTY
. Aged 47.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
