





1507. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PAYNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing' on the 20th of August
, 2 butts of leather, value 5l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Vaughan
                  




               
            .
MR. DOWLING conducted the prosecution.
JAMES VAUGHAN. I am a tanner
, and live at Enfield


. On the 19th of August I had some butts and hides on my premises, and on the next morning the butts were missing, and on the Monday morning following I saw the offal of these hides - the tail part was dressed and sold; this tail was taken from the butt - I know it is the butt which this hide belonged to.


                  JOHN 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. On the night of the 19th of August, the hides were safe, and on the following morning I missed them; I afterwards had the offal given me to dress - this tail was sold to Mr. Upton; it belonged to this hide - I know them by the marks, which fit exactly.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SOUTH
               



            . I found some ox tails near the prosecutor's shed on Monday, and gave them to him.


                  JOHN 
                  UPTON
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live at Walthamabbey. I bought the offal of this hide of Mr. Vaughan: I took it to my house - it was not out of my possession till I returned it; the Police-officer came to my house, but I did not choose to deliver it to any one but Mr. Vaughan - I went, and gave it him.


                  JOHN 
                  McCRAW
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I was in Kent-street on the 20th of August, at a quarter-past eight o'clock, and met the prisoner with this bag on his shoulder; I asked what he had there - he said leather, that he was employed by a man at Whitechapel to carry it to St. George's; I asked if he knew the man - he said No, nor where he lived; I took him to the station, and found eight pieces of wet leather.


                  JAMES 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I swear to this being mine, from the grain, and being in an unmanufactured state - I lost such on the night of the 19th of August, or early on the morning of the 20th; it was quite wet.
Prisoner. I was tried for the same property in Surrey, and Mr. Patience swore to it.


                  JOHN 
                  McCRAW
               



            . I made inquiries, and Mr. Patience attended, but he would not swear to the leather, and the prisoner was acquitted.
Prisoner. Q. Did not he say it must he his property, because no tanner marked like him? Witness. No; he said he could not swear to it unless he had the offal - in coming to Newgate the prisoner said he expected to get seven years for it now; he lived at a house of ill - fame, and had no regular employ.
Prisoner. I did not say I expected to get seven years - I had plenty of time to get out of the way; I was employed to carry it from Whitechapel-church to the Borough.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
