



2466. 




JOHN GAGAN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
23rd of July, 2 coats, value 13s.; 3 shirts, value 9s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 1s. 6s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 2s.; 1 curtain, value 4s. 6d.; 1 violin, value 14s.; 1 bow, value 1s.; 1 music-book, value 2s.; and 2 night-caps, value 1s.; the goods of 



Samuel Collins; and that he had been previously convicted of felony.






SAMUEL COLLINS
. I am a butcher, and live in New-street, Covent-garden. On the 23rd of August, I missed the property stated when I got up in the morning—it was safe the night before—the back door of my house is often left open at night—there is a yard behind, and a very high paling, and I thought it safe.

Prisoner. He said at Bow-street he lost three coats, and the policeman told him to say he had only lost two. Witness. I had various old coats lying behind a table, and am not certain whether I lost two or three—when the prisoner was taken he had two coats on—he got rid of one I suppose—I am certain I lost two, and these two are mine.





JOHN TALBOT
 (police-constable F 146.) I was on duty on the 23rd of August, about five o'clock in the morning, in Rose-street, Covent-garden, about fifty yards from the prosecutor's, and had occasion to go to a water-closet—I went through a house into the back yard, and saw the prisoner pull the door of the water-closet too—I waited a few minutes, and then the prisoner came out with a bundle under his arm—I asked how he came by it—he said it was thrown over a wall by a chap—I found two coats, three handkerchiefs, and other articles on him.


prisoner. He said he saw somebody throw the things over the wall.

Witness. I did not.





THOMAS CARTER
 (police-constable F 5.) On Sunday morning, the 25th, about half-past four o'clock, I heard of this robbery, and that there were more things missing—I went to the place mentioned, and down in the water-closet I found the violin, the bow, the music book, and two night-caps, which the prosecutor identified.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

prisoner's Defence. I was going to get a job at the market—I was taken ill my inside, and went into the yard—I had been there about ten minutes, and I was coming out, this bundle was thrown over the wall—the officer asked me what was in it, and I said I did not know.





JOHN BRADDICK
 (police-constable F 10.) I produce a certificate of me prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at his trial in this Court in 1837—he is the parson there mentioned.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
