





956. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TURNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of March
, 1 watch, value 2l., and 1 handkerchief, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Doubleday
               




            .


                  HENRY 
                  DOUBLEADAY
               



            . I am a private in the Royal Artillery
; the prisoner belonged to the same corps, and lodged in the same room at Woolwich


. On the 13th of March I went out, and left a silver watch, wrapped up in a white shirt, in my box- I returned about eight o'clock, and missed my watch and 5s.6d. in money; the prisoner was than missing - I saw him in about four days afterwards, at Woolwich; I lost two double handkerchiefs - I had left the money in my knapsack; no one was present when I put it away.


                  THOMAS 
                  RIDPATH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, in Upper Seymour-street, Euston-square. The watch was pawned with me on the 19th of March, by Thomas Hintridge for 17s.


                  THOMAS 
                  HINTRIDGE
               



            . I live at the Southampton Arms, Camden-town. The prisoner came into the room, and had a pot of porter - he offered a watch for sale, and asked 25s. for it; I offered him 1s - he said he would not take 1l., he could pawn it for that; he went out, and the next day he returned, produced a duplicate, and offered it me for half a crown - I gave him 1s. 6d.for it; I sent 
               
                  Richard 
                  Griffin
               



             for the watch.


                  RICHARD 
                  GRIFFIN
               



            . I received the duplicate - I went to Battle-bridge, and took the watch out of pawn, for a guinea and 6d; I gave it to Hintridge.


                  THOMAS 
                  HINTRIDGE
               



            . I kept it two days, and then pawned it for 17s. at Mr. Ridpath's.


                  HENRY 
                  DOUBLEDAY
               



            . I can swear to this handkerchief by the pattern and colour - I know the watch by two cracks on the face; I have worn it some years.
Q. When did you see it again? A. on Wednesday last, and I lost it a month ago last Sunday - it has two seals and a key, which I know.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23 - 


               Transported for Seven years
            .
