





909. 
               
                  LAZARUS 
                  LEVY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, 5 pair of boots, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Rawlinson
                  




               
            , Esq.


CHRISTOPHER RAWLINSON, ESQ. I am a barrister
, and live in the Middle-temple


. On the 15th of April, I was sitting in my room about a quarter after twelve o'clock, I had previously withdrawn the bolt of my chamber, my clerk being out; I heard the door go and some person go into my bed-room - I thought it was my clerk, but in a minute or a minute and a half I heard the door go again, I went to the door, and saw the prisoner with some musical-sticks in his hand; I said, "You have been in my bed-room" - he said he came to sell the sticks - I said stand still; I opened my bed-room door, and found the boot-rack was stripped - I secured the prisoner and in his bag I found these boots which had been safe an hour and a half before.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did he say he had bought the boots? A. Yes, of a tall man in my chambers - he did not say it was me - he said it when the porter came and took him - I had not seen the prisoner before.


                  WOODWARD 
                  DUDLEY
               



            . I am one of the porters. I took the prisoner, and have the five pair of boots - I have seen him selling his sticks in the temple, and have turned him out once or twice.
Prisoner's Defence. I go through the temple every day - a gentleman called me and took me to these chambers; he offered me these boots for sale, and asked 30s. for them - I gave him a sovereign, and this gentleman took me while I was putting them into my bag.
Charles Barnett, Hackney-road, and W. Bignall, Pearson-street, gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
