





1835. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     RIORDAN, alias 
CHAPMAN





               
            ; was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of June
, 3 handkerchiefs, value 5s.; 2 napkins, value 2s.; 5 pillow-cases, value 3s.; 7 towels, value 6s.; 2 aprons, value 1s. 6d.; 1 cravat, value 1s.; 2 table-cloths, value 10s.; 2 books, value 1s.; 7 wine glasses, value 5s.; 2 tumblers, value 1s. 6d.; 1 goblet, value 1s.; 1 salt-seller, value 1s.; 3 d'Oyleys, value 1s., and 1 snuffer-tray, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Gray
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .
GEORGE GRAY. I am a pawnbroker
, and live in Fleet-street


. The prisoner was in my service for six months, as cook
; these articles were my private property, I did not miss them - about a fortnight after she left, she was brought to me by a Policeman, who produced these articles, which were in my possession when she was at my house; she had eleven or twelve guineas a-year: I paid her wages before she left, which was on the 26th of June.


                  THOMAS 
                  HENRY THOMPSON
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on the 5th of July, on another charge (see page 744); I found the articles stated in the indictment in her box, except a few napkins which I found in a pan, in the back yard of the place where she lived - she said the linen was given to her and her sister, by her uncle or grandfather.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The things are my own, many of them - I have been robbed a great deal by the Policeman.
MR. GRAY. All the linen except a towel has my mark on it; some are marked with initials, and some with my name at full length.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
