





1355. 
               
                  
                     SIMEON 
                     SLIGO
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of June
, 1 seal, value 8s., and 1 watch-key,value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Burton
                     




                  , from his person; and that he had been previously convicted of felony
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BURTON
               



            . I am an attorney
, and live in Queen-square, Bloomsbury. On the 21st of June, between three and five o'clock in the afternoon, I was standing at Mr. Castles' shop, at the corner of Dyer's-buildings, Holborn


 - there were a few persons round, looking at a picture of Algiers; the prisoner came up, and made a snatch at my chain - the ring broke, and he got my gold seal and key; I observed his figure and dress, but not his features - I immediately pursued, and never lost sight of him; he was stopped within five doors at the corner of Barnard's Inn - I took him into Mr. Dale's shop, sent for a constable, and the seal was found on the floor behind a chair, close to where he stood, and the key on the chair - he talked about sending for a constable himself about something, and pretended that he had lost a piece of bone, I think: I am certain he is the man.
Prisoner. Q.Was I not very much intoxicated? A. He appeared so - he ran very badly, and when he was stopped he fell down.
JAMES COLLINS. I am a porter at the Bell and Crown, Holborn. I saw a mob round the shop window, and was desired to fetch an officer; while he was searching the prisoner I saw him throw the seal behind the chair - the officer picked it up.
BENJAMIN CATMULI. I am a constable. I took the prisoner in charge - I found a half-crown and 3d. on him - while I was searching, somebody said, "Here is the seal;" I picked it up behind the chair, and the key was given to me - the prisoner said nothing; he was in liquor, I believe, but knew what was going on.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was very much intoxicated, and knew nothing of it till next morning.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TILEY
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker. I prosecuted the prisoner here in September last, and have a certificate of his conviction (read).



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
