



2156. 




WILLIAM WINTER, alias
 Garner

, was indicted

for stealing, on the 
16th of September, at 
St. Sepulchre, 1 gelding, price 8l., the property of 



Henry Dawes.







HENRY DAWES
. I am a pig-dealer, and live at Bradingham, in Norfolk, which 101 miles from London. I turned my horse out on the 16th of September, between six and seven o'clock, into a field near my house, which I rent; and when I went in the morning it was gone—the prisoner has lived in our parish several years, and knew my horse—he has seen me with it—it is a pony, about 13 hands high—I was sent for to town, and came last Monday, and found my horse in the possession of a witness and the officer.





JOHN AMBROSE
. I am a City policeman, I was at Smithfield Market last Friday week, and saw the prisoner offering the pony in question for sale—I went up to him and asked him what he wanted for it—he told me 8l. 10s.—a man came up and said he would give him 7l. for it, if it was regularly booked in the market—I asked him several questions—he seemed to be agitated—I asked where he brought it from—he said from Lynn, in Norfolk—I asked how long he had had it, and he said he bred the horse—I told him I did not believe it, and took him to the watch-house—I asked him to refer me to somebody in London who knew him—he said he had a sister living over the water, and gave me her address—I went, and when I got there, the sister knew nobody of the name of Winter, which name he gave me.





JAMES BATES
 (police-serjeant.) I brought the prisoner to the watch-house, and asked him his name—he said William Winter, and that he came from Norfolk—I wrote it down—he said he bred the horse himself, and sold the mare to Mr. Seer—that he was in town three weeks ago, and had been to see his sister, in Hunter-street, Kent-road, and she knew he had brought the up—I sent to inquire, and while Ambrose was gone he said all he had said was lies, and his name was Garner—I showed the same horse to the prosecutor, and he identified it without its being pointed out.





HENRY DAWES

re-examined. The prisoner has been a little farmer in our parish—he was born and bred in our town—I have known him thirty-years—he always bore an honest character—I have had dealings with him—he has a wife, but no family.




GUILTY. Strongly recommended to mercy by the prosecutor and Jury, on account of his previous good character.
 Aged 61.—


Transported for Life.
