





1403. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of May
, 4 sovereigns, and 3s., the monies of 
                     
                        John 
                        Brown
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN BROWN. I am a seaman
. I came on shore a fortnight ago last Monday; I met the prisoner on the 16th of May, when I had been paid; I went home with her - she said the place belonged to her, and she put her hand into my pocket and took out my sovereigns; I asked what she did that for; she said to take care of them - I would not let her have them, but she would in spite of me; I still stopped, and a man came in and wanted some money of her; I rested still till the man knocked me down - I had given them the last 1s., I had to get some beer - he said she was his sister, or sister-in-law.


                  MARY 
                  CHALKLEY
               



            . I live in Hamblin-street


. The prisoner lodged at my house; I remember the prosecutor coming - he went with her to the front room; they were there some time; the prisoner then went out for pork-chops; I saw some sovereigns in her hand, and said I hoped they did not belong to the man she brought into my place - Crouch, a man who had lived with the prisoner, came in - he knocked the prosecutor down, and I picked him up; he then knocked me down, and almost put my shoulder out - the prosecutor asked the prisoner for his money; she said if he wanted his money he might go elsewhere - he said he did not want to hurt her, he would be contented if she gave him one sovereign.
Prisoner. Q. You saw him give me two sovereigns out of his pocket, when I went to get the chops? A. No, I did not; the usage he had from your young man was shameful; every thing I had in my room was broken to pieces.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OSMAN
               



             (Police-constable K 61.) The prosecutor fetched me to the house - I found the prisoner there; he charged her with robbing him, and said the man had knocked him down; the prisoner came to the table, took up a knife, and said, "If you charge me with such a sort of thing, I will stick you, or rip you open;" she said the prosecutor gave her the money, and he denied it - I found no money on her.
Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor; we went to another house, and I slept with him - the next morning he asked me to go with him and get some money.
JOHN BROWN. I slept with her the night before, but I paid her half a sovereign - she tore the pocket off my new jacket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
