



737. 




ANN THOMPSON
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Crockett, on the 
8th of February, at 
St. Luke, and stealing therein 2 gowns, value 10s.; 1 pair of boots, value 5s.; 1 shirt, value 3s.; 1 waist coat, value 1s. 6d.; 2 pillows, value 5s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 1 cap, value 4s.; 1 petticoat, value 2s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 1s. 8d.; 1 hand kerchief, value 6d.; of 



James Fordham; and 2 gowns, value 14s.; 1 pair of boots, value 7s.; 5 caps, value 5s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; and 2 bonnets, value 20s.; the goods of 



Sophia Fordham.






JAMES FORDHAM JUN
. I live at No. 3, Harper-street, Golden-lane. My father lives in Golden-lane, in the parish St. Luke—I and my wife went to my father's on the 8th of February—about three o'clock in the afternoon, my mother sent me for a pint of beer—I returned, and was in the doorway when this prisoner pased me coming out with a very large bundle—I saw a pair of boots which the bundle ddid not conceal—I said something to my mother, and in consequence of what she said to me, I went in pursuit of the prisoner—I followed her to Mr. Bass's, the pawnbroker's; which is about three hundred yards from my father's—I had hold of her and brought her

to my father's house, and my father and I took her to the station-house—the prisoner had a key in her hand—my father took it from her—I asked where she got it from—she said it was a key belonging to her lodging, where she paid 3s. 3d. a week; the policeman took the key and came with my father, and locked his door with the same key—it did not belong to my father—I afterwards went to the pawnbroker's again, and in the passage there where I met the prisoner, I found two pairs of books and a pair of children's shoes—they were behind where the prisoner stood, on a ledgeway.





LUCY LOUISA FORDHAM
. I and my husband James Fordham lodge at No. 69, Golden-lane. James Crockett is the landlord—he lives in the house—we occupy the bottom premises and the back room one-pair—I remember on the 8th of February my son being there, and going out for beer—he came back and said something to me; in consequence of that I looked, and saw some of my property had been taken out of my bed-room—the back room; one pair—I afterwards saw the things that had been taken.





THOMAS PRENDIVILLE
 (police-constable G. 24.) I have the property which was taken on the prisoner—it has been in my keeping ever since—this is it.





LUCY LOUISA FORDHAM

re-examined. These two gowns, one pair of shoes, and one pair of boots are mine—the value of my things is 16s. 6d.—this is all that has been found—we lost besides a cotton handkerchief, a cloth shirt, a Marseilla waistcoat anew white petticoat, and lace cap—the rest belong to my daughter—the pillows were removed but not taken away—the handkerchief is worth 6d.; the shirt 3s. the waistcoat 1s. 6d. the cap 4s.—I had locked the room myself within half an hour of the robbery—when I went up after the prisoner had been there, I found the door had been opened by a false key, which was taken from the prisoner.





SOPHIA FORDHAM
. These two gowns are mine—I am single.





MARTHA ROBERTS
. I lodge in the front room up-stairs, in the same house—about three o'clock in the afternoon of the 8th of February I went to get a roll for my tea—I came back, and saw the prisoner at the foot of the stairs—she said she was waiting for a person who was coming down—I asked her her name—she said, "Rachel" or "Burchell"—I went up and enquired, and there was no such person—I went down and told her she was mistaken—she said, "I cannot be mistaken; it is my sister"—I went away and left her there.

Prisoner's Defence. I am entirely innocent—I left my sister on the 8th of February, at half-past two o'clock in the afternoon—I was going into the city on business for my brother-in-law—going close by Golden-lane, a woman whom I never saw, came and asked me if I was going any distance—I said, "What is your reason for asking me?"—she said, "Would you have any objection to assist me with a few bundles from my lodgings?"—I said, "Where do you live?"—she said, "At Mr. Fordham's, in Golden-lane"—I went there—she desired me to wait a few minutes, while she went up-stairs—I waited two or three minutes—Mrs. Roberts said, "Are you waiting for any body?"—I said, "Yes, a young woman that lodges here; I think her name is Rachel"—she had asked me to go up-stairs, or wait, and I said, I would wait—she said, "If Mrs. Fordham says any thing to you, tell her you are waiting for Rachel"—Mrs. Roberts went up-stairs, and then the woman came down with two bundles—she gave me the largest and said, "You carry that, I am going into the yard"—I waited—she said, "Go on"—I went off the step of the door, and when I got two

or three houses off she followed me we went across Golden—lane, through two or three little alloys, and then we came in the pawnbroker's side door—she went in, and said she wanted to take something there—she then untied the bundle, and took something out—she placed the bundle by the side of me and placed the key on the bundle—she said "Will a shilling satisfy you?"—I said, "If I have done you any service, you are welcome"—she said, "Take care of this"—she went across the road, and never appeared the least agitated; and she went down the archway opposite—I waited there two or three minutes, and James Fordham came up to me and caught me by my shoulder, and said, "What have you there?"—I said, "What have I here? are you a man? I am pregnant; I don't like to he dragged about; these things are not mine, they belong to a woman who is gone across the road"—he never made any attempt to go after her; if he had, he would have found her, as there is no thoroughfare, but dragged me through the court, and took me to the station—house; and them I was taken to Worship—street. My Lord, I trust you will take it into your serious consideration; I can appeal to the Almighty for the truth of what I say: I had time to have gone to Smithfield.
(Sarah Reed, of No.2, Providence—place, Baker's—row, an upholsterer; Jane Prince; and John Joyce, an upholsterer; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Life.
