





1272. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     DYSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of July
, 1 pair of trousers, value 7s.; 1 counterpane, value 1s. 6d.; 1 frock, value 1s.; 1 petticoat, value 6d., and 1 bundle of patch work, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Martin 
                     Mehrtens
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  MEHRTENS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Martin 
                  Mehrtens
               



             - he lives at No. 75, Church-street, Mile-end New-town


 - on the 13th of July, about a quarter past seven o'clock in the evening, I took some work home next door but one - I locked my door when I went out; I had left a counterpane on my bed, and a frock, a petticoat, and a bundle of patchwork in my drawer; I returned in twenty minutes - my room door stood open, and the drawers were not quite shut - the door had been unlocked, not broken open - this is part of the patch work that I lost - I can swear to it; the whole of it was worth 2s.


                  SARAH 
                  HULSE
               



            . I live about twelve doors from the prosecutor's. On the 13th of July, about a quarter after seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner come by with some things under his arm; I had not known him before, but I am sure he is the man - he had two bundles under his arm, and a red merino frock - he went towards Waterloo-town.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me with two bundles? A. Yes, I am positive I did; you came past me on the same side of the way, and was not more than a quarter of a yard from me.


                  MARY 
                  ELIZABETH BRANSCOMB
               



            . I was talking to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Hulse
               



             on the 13th of July; the prisoner passed us with two bundles and a red merino frock - I knew him before by his passing our door to go to work.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me come out of the house? A. No; only going by with two bundles, one was a quilt, and you had a bundle of patch work under your arm; I don't know what it was in, but it was tied up, and I saw some pieces of it hanging out.



                  WILLIAM 
                  CLAY
               



             (police-constable K 278). In consequence of what I heard, I went to the prisoner's house in Wellington-street, Waterloo-town - I knocked, and the prisoner and his wife were at home; the prisoner opened the door - I asked him if Mr. Dyson was at home; he said no - I asked if he knew when he would be in; he said no - I asked what part of the house he occupied; he said the back parlour - I said I would call again that day, which I did, but he was not at home - I went the next day at two o'clock; his wife came to the door - I asked if Mr. Dyson was at home; she said no - I said"That was your husband who spoke to me yesterday" - she said, "Yes, I know it was; I am lawfully married to him" - I then went into a room with her; a knock came at the door - I opened it, and the prisoner came in - I said, "I want you;" he said, "Let me go to bed; I have just been fighting" - I said, I could not; but he washed himself, and put on a clean shirt, and I took him - I afterwards went with the prosecutor to his house - we searched a box but found nothing - his wife then turned down the bed clothes till she came to the bed, and said, "You see there is nothing there;" I then turned the bed over myself, and found this bit of chintz trimming, which the prosecutrix said she could swear to - we then looked further, and found this patch work, which he also claimed.
Prisoner's Defence. If my trial had come on yesterday, I should have had friends who could have proved that I bought this property and paid for it in Petticoat-lane - I am a silk-dyer and dresser by trade; I buy old things and make them look like new.



               GUILTY
             - Aged 28. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
