





310. 
               
                  
                     JOSIAH 
                     RANDALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, 4 trowels, value 7s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas William 
                           Barry
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 trowel, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Johnson
                        



                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAM BARRY
               



            . I am a bricklayer
. On the 24th of December I lost four trowels from my shed in Wood-street, Old-street-road


; there were two young men in the shed at the time, and my brother-in-law, but they were up stairs; the prisoner has worked for me.


                  EDMUND 
                  JULIUS SUTTON
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker. I took in two trowels from the prisoner on the 24th of December.


                  JAMES 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a bricklayer
. My tools were in the same shed; I lost one trowel at the same time - this is it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SAMUEL CALVER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have three trowels, which were pawned by the prisoner on the 24th of December.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. Johnson was in the shed when I went in, and when I came out.


                  JAMES 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . Yes, but I did not allow you to take any thing.
Prisoner's Defence. It was impossible that I could carry them out without being perceived; I found them in a public-house at the corner of the street - if I had taken them from the prosecutor I should not have pawned them close to his house.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITTLE
               



             (Police-constable G 200). I have a certificate of the former conviction of the prisoner (which I got at Mr. Clark's office); I was the officer who took him - he had twelve months imprisonment.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 50. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
