





OLD COURT. SATURDAY, JANUARY 6TH.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
331. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     DUPIER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           James
                        




                     
                  , on the 2nd of December
, at St. Ann, Westminster, and stealing therein 11 shirts, value 4l.; 2 cloaks, value 2l. 10s.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 1l.; 1 gown, value 5l., and 1 shawl, value 1l. 15s., his property
            .


                  SARAH 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am the wife of Robert James, who is a bricklayer
, and lives in Dean-street, Soho, in the parish of St. Ann, Westminster


. On the 2nd of December, about a quarter after five o'clock in the afternoon, on going upstairs I found my bed-room door unlocked - I had locked it myself about half-past one o'clock, and on entering the room I found part of my drawers open; they had been rifled - I missed the articles stated in the indictment, and three lace caps, value altogether about 10l. or 12l., which were all safe when I locked the door; I had not been out of the house - I keep a coal and potatoe shop; my private door was kept shut - I do not know the prisoner; the door must have been opened by a false key: the lock was hampered.

GEORGE STONE. I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on another charge, on the 24th of December, in Porter-street, Newport-market - I searched him, and found on him six keys, a knife, and a duplicate of a watch - the keys opened the prosecutor's private door.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you try them to the bed-room door? A. No.


                  THOMAS 
                  FARRANT
               



            . I am a Policeman. I searched the prisoner in St. James' watch-house on the 24th. I noticed that the bosom of his shirt was rather large, and having had information of this robbery, and having seen some of James' shirts, I took his shirt off - I saw the end was cut off it, and a piece put in; I asked him how he came by it - he said he bought it in Moumonth-street; I asked how long he had had it - he told me six months, I am sure he said that; Mrs. James claimed it, and he said to her, "It is very curious if that is your shirt, I have had four months."
Cross-examined. Q. Did you go to his lodgings? A. I asked where he lodged - he told me first one place and then another; I went to some of the places; I did not see his brother.
MRS. JAMES. This is my husband's shirt - it is my own making, and the mark is cut out. I swear positively to it; - it is part of the property I lost on the day in question.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you sent any shirts to be washed? A. No - I do not know whether any of these keys would open my bed-room; I do not know the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the shirt in Monmouth-street.




               GUILTY of stealing in the dwelling house only
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Life
            .
