






347. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     PARR
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     THORNTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of January
, 1 watch, value 3l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Soden
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN SODEN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Soden
               



             - we live in Whiskin-street, Clerkenwell


 - 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Parr
               



             was in our service - on the 7th of January we had a watch hanging in our kitchen; that was the last time I saw it - I went out with my husband at half-past six o'clock that evening, and returned at half-past ten o'clock - the watch was then gone; this is it.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  PARR
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor - my brother and Thornton called on me that evening - I took them into the kitchen - I and my brother went out, and he gave me a shilling to get change, and to get a pennyworth of gin - I left the watch safe when I went out - when we returned, Thornton was standing at the door; my brother did not go into the kitchen, but he went away with her - I went into the kitchen, and missed the watch in about twenty minutes after they were gone; no one else had been in the kitchen that I know of; Thornton came back the same evening for my brother's pen-knife; I gave it to her, and told her the watch was gone; I asked her if any one came while we were out - she said, "Yes; some man came down into the kitchen, that she said, "What do you please to want?" and he said, "What is that to you?" and he went out of the kitchen - and she said to me, "Do not say we have been here, or we shall be caught;" my brother was very much in liquor.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  FURNELL
               



            . I lodge in the same street; I saw the prisoners that evening, and followed them all the way up the street; they stopped, and went into the prosecutor's - I heard of the robbery next morning, and described them.


                  RICHARD 
                  BAYLIS
               



             (police-sergeant G 5). I took theprisoners in West-street, Smithfield, on the 9th of January - I found this watch in Parr's waistcoat-pocket.
PARR 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
THORNTON 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Confined Four Months
            .
