





645. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     HOSKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of February
, 1 watch, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Haddon
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  HADDON
               



            . I live in Taylor's-buildings, St. Martin's-lane


, and am a widow
. On the 13th of February I left my room at a quarter before eight o'clock in the morning - my watch was hanging over the mantel-piece; I returned in ten minutes, and it was gone - the prisoner lodged with me; she was there when I left the room, and was gone when I returned - on Friday she sent for me, and told me she had taken the watch; I told her, if she had pawned it, to give me the duplicate, and I would get it out; she said, "No, I will not do that; I did it with the intention of being transported;" I said she had better tell me where it was - she said she would not, that she had destroyed the duplicate, and she would not tell me where it was till I fetched an officer to take her; she put up her hands and said, "If you have any companssion on a female you will take me up - if you do not, I will do murder."


                  JOHN 
                  SELL
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker in Brydma-street. The prisoner pawned this watch for 8s. on the 13th of February.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  RICHARD 
                  BRODERICK
               



             (Police-constable F 47.) I took the prisoner; she said if she was not transported for this, she would commit something more heinous that would send her out of the country - that she had applied to Covent-garden parish for relief, and had been refused, and if she came across Mr. Farmer, she would drive a knife into him, and hang for him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
