





1289. 



SAMUEL SILK
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
22d of April, 4 unfinished hats, value 2l., the goods of 



Thomas Christy and others, his masters: and 




MARK MARKS
 and 



JAMES DAVIES



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against, the Statute, &c.






EDWARD JACKSON
. I am foreman to Mr. Thomas Christy and others, hat-manufacturers, in Gracechurch-street. The manufactory is in Bermondsey-street—Silk was in their employ for about six months—I discovered a deficiency in the stock of hats about three months ago—I know the other two prisoners; Marks is a hat-manufacturer in High-street, St. Giles's, and Davies is his foreman—in consequence of information, I went in company with a policeman to the house of Marks, on the 4th of May; he was not at home—I saw Davies at the end of Crown-street—I had been to the house, and inquired for Davies—a shopman went to look after him, and he came to me at the end of Crown-street, which is at the corner of High-street—I asked him if he knew two persons, who I named—he said he knew them, and asked me what was the matter—I told him they were in a little trouble, and asked him if the two persons I named had been there selling some hats to Mr. Marks—he said, "No, not at all"—he said, that he and Marks did not do any thing in that way, for he would not allow it—I told him he must tell me the truth, and said, I had

heard that they had—he then said, they had not been there for the last three or four months—I asked him to let me look at the quality-marks of their hats, which is a ferrit mark inside—he said he could not do that—I saw Marks the same evening, in company with Davies, at the door of a coffee-shop—I asked Marks whether any persons had been to him selling him some hats—he said "Yes," he had bought hats of them—I asked him if he would allow mo to look at the stuff-hats in his shop—he said yes, he had no objection—he said he did not trouble his head about the quality-marks—in crossing to his shop he said, he always gave nine or ten-shillings and upwards, according to the quality—we went into the shop—Marks and Davies went to the other end of the shop, whispering together—we all three went into a parlour adjoining the shop—a hat was produced—I did not know it—he brought ten more hats afterwards which I knew—they have various marks upon them, by which I knew them, and likewise the quality-mark—a constable was with me—when I recognised the first hat, I gave a signal, and the constable came in—I gave them all to the constable—I went again on the 11th of May, with the same policeman, and found three hats which I knew, and took away—they were in the usual state for sale, trimmed.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did not Davies say he could not let you look at the stock, as his master was away? A. He did not say any thing of the kind—when I saw Marks, he made no objection—I did not look over four or five dozen hats—they brought them to me—I suppose they brought thirty to me—they had a good stock—if Marks had any idea that the three last hats had been improperly come by, he had a week to get rid of them.





JOHN M'CRAW
. I am a policeman. I went to Mark's shop with Jackson—they produced a great many hats—I brought away eleven of them, and have them here—I asked Marks if he knew Silk and Allden—he stated that he did; he had bought hats of them—that the last he bought of Silk, was about a fortnight before—he had known Silk for a number of years, and considered him a manufacturer of hats, and Allden his man, and he had given 9s. 6d. or 10s. each for them—among the eleven hats, there were two holes in the crown of one—I said to Davies, "Is that a regular way to purchase a hat of a manufacturer?"—he said no, he did not know that it was, and it had been done with steaming—I went again the second day, and got three more hats.

Cross-examined. Q. Jackson was with you, and heard all that passed? A. Yes.





JOHN BROWN
. I am a cab-proprietor. About three weeks ago, I was at London-bridge stand; about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, on the Surrey side—Silk and Allden came to engage my cab—I did not know them before—I am quite certain of them—they got into my cab, and told me to go to the end of Crown-street, St. Giles's—they had a small bundle in a handkerchief—Silk carried it—I took them to the end of Crown-street—Silk got out of the cab, and went into Mark's shop—Allden continued in the cab, and asked me to have something to drink—Silk came out of the shop several times, and at last came into the cab again—he had no bundle then—they went to a dram-shop in Tottenham-court-road—I had something to drink with them—they continued there about four hours—it was twelve o'clock when I got home—we were not drinking all that time—he went several times backwards and forwards to Mark's shop—we went to another dram shop in Holborn, after leaving Tottenham-court-

road, and there Silk gave Allden a sovereign, and told him to go into the gin-shop to get change—we did not drink there—he brought back 19s. 6d., and said he had had something to drink with the other 6d.—I then went over Waterloo-bridge to the Coburg theatre, and there I sat Allden down, and took Silk home—he gave me a crown.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. How long was Silk in your sight at any one time that evening? A. Half an hour, not more—it was about dusk when they engaged my cab.





CHARLES ALLDEN
. I am now in custody. I was in the employ of Messrs. Christy, hat manufacturers, Bermondsey—I recollect being in their workshop some time ago, when Silk was there—he said we might fold four hats, and take them home to his house—he folded them himself, and took them to his house himself—he steamed them, which makes them soft, so that they will fold in a small compass—it would require to put them over the steam to open them again, to make them saleable—he put two into his bosom, and two into his hat—I went to his house that evening—he steamed them between seven and eight o'clock in the evening—I do not know the name of the street he lives in—we went as far as St. Thomas'a-hospital gates, and took Brown's cab—we had four hats in a handkerchief—we went to the corner of Crown-street, St. Giles's—I was left in the cab, and Silk went to Marks's—he returned two or three times, and said Marks was not at home—he at last came and fetched the handkerchief with the hats in it—we continued in the cab—the last time he came out of Marks's, he came away without the bundle—we stopped and had something to drink at a public-house, at the corner of Crown-street, Tottenham-court-road—we continued there, not a great while, and then went to a public-house in High-street, St. Giles's, and then had something to drink—he went to the door with me, but I do not think he got out—I changed a sovereign there, I think, but I will not say—the public-house was below Monmouth-street—we than drove down Drury-lane, over Waterloo-bridge, to the Victoria theatre—neither of us went into the theatre—I got out there—I think the theatre was not open at all at that time—the cab went on to Snow's-fields—I heard Silk tell the man to drive that way—he lives down that way.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. You have come out of Newgate? A. Yes; it is the first time I have been in prison—I was never in custody before, nor ever charged with any offence before—I have been in the employ of Mr. Moore, in Bond-street, the army accoutrement-maker—I worked for him twice—he lent me to Mr. Wilson, of St. Martin's-lane—I was never charged by Mr. Moore with robbing him—I was not discharged for robbing him—I never heard of Mr. Jackson charging me with taking improper entries in Mr. Christy's books, nor any thing of the kind—it was about half-past four o'clock when we left the shop, on the evening in question, as near as I can recollect—the shop is in Bermondsey, about five minutes' walk from St. Thomas's-hospital gates—I was taken into custody this night fortnight—two hats were then found on me belonging to the prosecutor.





THOMAS WILLIAMSON
. I am foreman to the prosecutors. I know these hats to be their property—in an unfinished state my employers would sell them for 13s. 6d. or 14s.—if complete, they would be worth about 25s. or 26s.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHIILIPS. Q. Did you put a value on them at the office? A. Yes; at about 9s. unfinished; but I was not examined on Marks's case—those hats were not in the same state as these (looking at



some)—11s. would not be a good price for these hats, unfinished—I could not buy them at any manufacturers in London at that price.

COURT. Q. Were they stiff when lost? A. Stiffened—steaming would soften them, and make them fold up.

JURY. Q. Were there marks in this hat at the time? A. Yes; we do not sell them in this rough state—there is always a mark on them.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. There is no mark by which a stranger to Mr. Christy would know it was his hat? A. No; a manufacturer would buy them in the state they are now to sell again, but not wet and folded up—they do not come up wet from the country; they come up dry, and folded in a very different manner.

Silk's Defence. This day fortnight I left the manufactory some time after Allden—he had been steaming nearly all day, over the copper—some time after I went to take a pint of porter in King-street, Snow's-fields—I had been home and back again three quarters of an hour—I then found four hats concealed in my hat—Mr. Christy came into the shop, and I threw those hats out of my hat, feeling confused—Mr. Christy's men can prove they saw Allden conceal the hats in mine; and two hats were found concealed in his own hat—I could have thrown them any where to get rid of them—I was away from the premises for three quarters of an hour.

Mark's Defence. I have known Silk for five or six years as a manufacturer, who has been in business for himself, and kept workmen and apprentices—I have bought hats of him, off and on, sir years—I always considered them his own hats—we gave him orders, and he brought things corresponding to the orders—I never had the least idea he had dishonestly obtained hats, which it seems he has done for the last few months.





RICHARD BROWN
. I am a silk hat-manufacturer. I know Silk—I have dealt with him many times as a manufacturer of hats—I have lately left off dealing with him, my brother-in-law being a manufacturer—I know Marks perfectly well, he always bore a very respectable character as a tradesman.

Q. Look at one of those unfinished hats; for a manufacturer to buy of another to make up and sell again, what should you consider a fair price A. I am not exactly acquainted with the quality of stuff hats, being a silk manufacturer; but I have had such hats frequently offered for sale by manufactures at 8s. or 10s.—there is a considerable profit, I believe, on stuff hats.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Where was Silk's manufactory? A. In Webber-street, New-cut—I have been there many times—I have seen one man making and another finishing, besides himself—I have not been there for two years—I have dealt with him from fifteen to thirty or forty times—I have not purchased hats from him wet and crnmpled up—I never had hats in that state offered for sale—the price of beaver hats varies very much—the same quality even varies considerably in price.

MR. JONES. Q. How long have you known Silk? A. About twelve years—I have known him as a manufacturer about eight years—I never heard him charged with any thing of this sort before—he bore an honest character, as far as I heard.





GEORGE LLOYD
. I am a hatter, and live in Upper Cleveland-street, Fitzroy-square. I was in Mark's employ upwards of twelve months, three years ago—I knew Silk as a hatter—I always considered him as a master, as keeping a shop—I have seen him at Marks's, with goods to sell—not very often—he had beaver hats unfinished, just as they came from the die—

sometimes he brought them in a string, sometimes in a handkerchief, but not doubled up—I have seen others bring hats doubled up and folded in a handkerchief—Marks lived where he does now when I lived with him—he had two shops in High-street—I defy any man to judge the value of stuff hats within 1s. 6d. or 2s.—this hat is damaged (looking at one)—in our neighbourhood we are obliged to buy cheap—I would not give more than 10s. or 10s. 6d. for it at the utmost—this other hat is perfect—I would not give more than 10s. for it—this other is better, and I might go as far as 11s. for it in St. Giles's, but not more—I have known Marks six or seven years—I never heard any thing against him—Davies was his shopman, and worked with me; he bore an honest character.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did Marks carry on the business in the same premises and to the same extent as now, when you were with him? A. I think he has done more business lately; but he lived at the same place—he bought beaver hats of Mr. Davis, and of one Law—sometimes their hats were brought in bags, just as the bulk suited them—by steaming hats they will go into a small compass—they are frequently folded in flats to send from London to the country finishers—I never saw hats crumpled up at Marks's—hats in St. Giles's very seldom fetch more than one guinea each—many houses profess to sell the best at 17s.—some at 26s.; but the major part of the trade sell them for about a guinea—no man with any brains would buy a hat crumpled up in this way—he could not tell whether it was injured or not.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Before a hat sells for 21s., I suppose a great deal more is done to it? A. Yes; there is the finishing which amounts to 1s. 6d., and the trimming.





THOMAS HARRISON
. I am a hatter; and live in Compton-street, Soho. I have known Silk for years, as a hat-manufacturer—I have dealt with him as such repeatedly—I have known Marks fourteen or fifteen years—he always bore a highly honourable character—I have known Davies as his foreman.

MR. JONES. Q. How recently have you known Silk as a manufacturer? A. The last transaction I had with him was within two months—it is about five or six years since I knew him in Webber-street—I have two hats here which I bought of him the week preceding Easter.

MR. BODKIN. Q. It is six years since you had any transactions with him, till lately? A. Yes; it is since he has been in custody that I understood he was a journeyman—I believed him still to be a manufacturer—he never brought me any hats in this crumpled state—I should not have bought them in that state—it is common to fold them, but this is crumpled in—I should look at a hat in that state with suspicion.





JOHN LAW
. I am a hatter in King's-bench-walk, Southwark. I have sold Marks hats for the last four years—I sometimes sent them folded, and sometimes blocked in the hood—I have never sold any exactly in this state—I have seen Silk, but never deak with him; he was a master hatter when I knew him two years ago—I lately heard of his being a journeyman.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Do not you know that a folded hat is a very different thing to what you now hold in your hand? A. Certainly; if it is folded warm in the hot steam you may fold it up any how; after it gets cold we get it out again by putting it on the steam again—there would be no necessity to crumple four hats up to take two miles, except he had somewhere else to go, and did not wish the hats to be cumbersome.





THOMAS DAVIS
. I am a hat-manufacturer; and live in the Mint,

Southwark. I have dealt with Marks—I have sold him what are called unfinished bodies—sometimes they were taken flat, and sometimes otherwise—they were 10s., 10s. 6d., and 9s. 6d., and the coarsest 8s. 6d.—I have taken them to him in small parcels, a few at a time—I knew Silk as a master hatter, by the Coburg theatre.

MR. BODKIN. Q. How long ago is that? A. Five or six years ago—this hat is what I call an unfinished body—this would be 11s. or 12s.—this is the form in which I sell a folded hat (looking at another)—I have not any in this form—this appears a pretty finish quality—steaming it and crumpling it up would not injure it—it is done to pack it close, if it is going into the country, then we always send them that way, but not to send them about town—I have not put hats in that form to send to customers in London.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. When a hat is packed in that smaller form is it a halfpenny the worse for it? A. No; I have packed them so for the country, and have known them returned from the country packed in that way.





WOOLF COLLINS
. I am a batter, and live in Crown-street, St. Giles's. Davies lives in the same house—on Wednesday evening, the 22nd of April, I was at home—Davies was there between nine and ten o'clock at nigh—he had burnt his leg on Easter Sunday, and was in bed—I saw him in bed.





PRISCILLA COLLINS
. I am the wife of the last witness. On the Wednesday in Easter week I was at home all day—I saw Davies in the morning, and he went to work, but very much unable—he had burnt his foot on Easter Sunday—he was at home on Monday and Tuesday, and about five o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, he came home and went to bed—his wife advised him to go to bed, and so did I—I am positive he was not out the rest of the night, for I dressed his foot—my husband saw him before ten o'clock.
(Several witnesses gave Marks an excellent character.)

SILK—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

MARKS—


NOT GUILTY.—DAVIES—

NOT GUILTY
.

Second Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

