





739. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOWARTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of March
, 41 yards of printed cotton, value 24s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Southgate
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  SOUTHGATE
               



            . I am a calenderer and packer
, and live in Crown-court, Old 'Change


. The prisoner worked for me, and I discharged him for neglect - after that I found a piece of printed calico cut in half, and the half was gone; I discharged him on Monday, the 4th of March, and discovered this a few hours after - I then counted my calico, and missed ten pieces and a half; I ordered my grandson to mark the other pieces, and to notice when the workpeople left the premises - next morning, at six o'clock, the prisoner came as usual, and the workmen thought I had engaged him again; my young man saw him going out of the warehouse - this was before I was up; the calico cost me 25s. a piece - he had worked for me about six months.
RICHARD ABBOTT. I am the prosecutor's grandson. On the morning after the prisoner was discharged, he came to the premises at five minutes before six o'clock, but the afternoon before that, we found half a piece of calico secreted; I put it into the same place - it was safe at ten o'clock at night - I had marked it; on Tuesday morning, the prisoner came in before six - there was but one man in the place; the prisoner went to where the piece was secreted, and went out again in about three minutes; I then went to the place, and it was gone - I went out in pursuit, and saw him throw it down facing our door, in the Old 'Change; there was a piece and a half together, but only the half piece was marked; he was secured, and when we brought him back to the door he wished me to go in first - I refused, and he then threw down the property; I took him into the premises - I have not a doubt of the property.


                  JAMES 
                  RENSHAW
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner for stealing two pieces of printed calico; he said nothing - I have had the cotton ever since.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
