






542. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  FIELD
               




             and 
               
                  NATHANIEL 
                  HAGGER
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of January
, 20lbs. weight of nails, value 7s.; 7 gimblets, value 1s.; 1 saw, value 6s.; 1 sack, value 1s.; 1 wanty, value 7s., and 1 auger, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Wragg
                        



                     
                  ; 1 auger, value 1s.; 1 bill, value 1s.; 1 axe, value 2s.; 3 hammers, value 1s.; 1 pair of shears, value 2d.; 1 drawing-knife, value 6d.; 3 chisels, value 6d.; 1 pair of pincers, value 6d.; 1 pair of compasses, value 6d.; 1 file, value 2d.; 1 basket, value 1s., and 1 leather belt, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Tomkins
                  



               
            .
MR. CRESWELL conducted the prosecution.
ROBERT BROWN. I am constable of Hackney. On the morning of the 20th of January I was coming out of a gravel-pit, where I had been employing some men to clear the snow away; I saw Field with a flag basket on his shoulder - I went and asked what he had got; he said what was that to me; I took the basket down, and took him to the watch-house - I found in the basket two parcels of nails and some gimblets, and this saw was in his left-hand pocket; while we were in the watch-house Hensey came in with a sack; this bag was round Field, fastened with a gimblet. I took Hagger, I think, in about a fortnight afterwards.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Who is Hensey? A. A man who was at work with me that morning; he is on the parish - this was about nine o'clock - when I saw Field he was alone; I had been after Hagger every night for about a fortnight - I might have seen him in the course of that time fifty times, or I might not see him at all; I will not swear that I did not see him a dozen times, but not to my knowledge; I at last found him in Charles-street, Dalston - I cannot recollect exactly the day; it was the latter end of January, or the beginning of February - it was about two o'clock; there are six little white houses, and the one I found him in was the last but one; I do not think it has any number; no one was with me at the moment I took him - Hensey was not the person who gave me the information: I had been in company with several officers during the fortnight.
COURT. Q. Was any person with you when you took Field? A. All the men were coming out of the gate at the time - I knew Field.
JOHN HENSEY. I am a ground-workman. On the 12th or 13th of January. I think it was, I saw both the prisoners - Brown took Field into custody; I was a distance off, and saw Hagger come round a corner, and as he turned he saw Field in custody - he dropped this bag near Mr. Burgiss' ground, and ran away towards Walthamstow - I took the bag to the watch-house.
Cross-examined. Q. Who do you work for now? A. Mr. Gardiner, opposite the Peacock, at Hackney; I have seen both the prisoners four or five times before - Field was by himself when Brown took him; if Hagger had kept the bag on his shoulder he might have passed me without my noticing him - I never spoke to him before in my life, to my knowledge; I have spoken with him since- he said before the Magistrate that I asked him to give me 5s., but I can take an oath against it, for I had two witnesses with me when I was talking with him, three nights after the robbery; the reason I did not take him was, because I have children of my own, and did not like to have any thing to do with it; I told him he had better get out of the way, for if any thing happened I should have to come against him - this conversation took place at the White Hart, Horusey: I knew him when he was ostler at Stoke Newington - I had seen him as I passed, feeding the horses; I might have seen him twenty times, but I never drank with him - I had seen him at the White Hart, and thought that a likely place to find him, but I did not appoint to meet him there; a man named Mills was there - he lives in Union-street, Stoke Newington, and was formerly a bricklayer's labourer; I do not know what he is now - he had been at work with me the day I saw Hagger drop the bag; upon my oath I did not go with a view to get money out of him, but to tell him to keep out of the way.
WILLIAM TOMKINS. I live at Walthamstow


, in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Wragg
               



            . I do not know the day of the month, but one Tuesday night, when it snowed very fast, my master's premises were all safe, and on the following morning I missed these articles from the tool-house; these are my master's, and these tools are mine - I had seen them safe that afternoon, and locked the tool-house up in the evening; between six and seven o'clock the next morning I found the lock broken open - the tool-house is about ten yards from the house door; we lost a spade besides - there were more articles taken than one man could carry; Field had worked for us some time before - I know nothing of the other.
Field's Defence. I was going along the Lea-bridge-road, and met a man, who asked me to carry the things for him; I went on with them to Water-lane - Brown stopped me, and asked what I had got; I told him I had the things to carry for the man - I turned, and the man was gone; I know nothing of Hagger.
FIELD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
HAGGER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
