



721. 




HENRY CLARK
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering a counterfeit shilling to 




Samuel Crask, on the 
22nd of January, well knowing it to be counterfeit; he having been previously convicted as a common utterer.


THE HON. MR. SCARLETT
and
MR. CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Henry Clark, at Lewes, in February, 1836—I have examined it with the original record in the office of the Clerk of the Peace at Lewes, and it is a true copy—(read.)





EDWARD JOSEPH POWELL
. I was present at the conviction of the prisoner in 1836—I am positive he is the same man who was then convicted.





ISABELLA COSTIN
. I am the wife of Philip Costin, a tobacconist, in Baker-street, Strand. Between twelve and one o'clock, on the morning of the 18th of January, the prisoner came to our shop, and asked for two Cuba cigars, which came to 3d.—he offered a half-crown in payment—when he put it on the counter I saw that it was bad, and asked him if he had any more like it—he said, "No," and he did not know what I meant by that—I said, "This is not a good one"—my husband, who was in the parlour, came out on hearing me say that, and called a policeman, who took the prisoner into the parlour, and searched him—I kept the half-crown, and showed it to my husband—the prisoner was let go—as only having one piece, we thought it no use keeping him in custody—I kept the half-crown till the 29th of January, and then gave it to the policeman at Bow-street—I am quite satisfied the prisoner is the man who gave me that half-crown.

Prisoner. Q. What can you swear to me by? A. By your appearance altogether—when I went to Bow-street, there were five more prisoners besides you—the policeman did not say, "That is the one, with the red comforter and plaid waistcoat"—he did not say I must swear to you.

COURT. Q. When you went to Bow-street, did you see other persons besides the prisoner? A. Yes—I did not recognise him at first—the goaler desired him to pull a comforter down, which he had about his face, and concealed part of it, and then I knew him immediately.





RICHARD HELMSLEY
 (police-constable F 69.) I was called in to Costin's shop, and saw the person who passed the half-crown—the prisoner is the man—I searched him, but found nothing on him, except a farthing, which he had in his hand—I received a half-crown from Mrs. Costin, and have it here—(producing it)—I received it from her on the 29th of January.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear that is the same half-crown you received? A. Yes, by a mark on it which I made with my teeth, and likewise I saw it beaten with two weights—this is the same.

COURT. Q. Was that done when you were called into the shop, and the half-crown shown to you there? A. Yes, and then I returned it to Mrs. Costin—the marks are on the head—(pointing them out.)





SAMUEL CRASK
. I keep a public-house in Drury-lane. On the evening of the 22nd of January, the prisoner came in, in company with another man, and asked for a pint of beer—I served him—he offered me a counterfeit shilling—I was aware, before I took it up, that it was counterfeit, as I knew the parties—I told him it was bad—he asked for it back—I refused to let him have it back—I went round the front of the bar, and detained

him, while my man went for a constable—when I got to the station-house I put a mark on the shilling—I gave it up to the inspector, who ordered the constable, Wheatley, to take it into his custody.

Prisoner. Q. You say before you took it up you knew it was bad, because you knew the parties—can you swear that I practised such things? A. I had you pointed out as a notorious character when I was in the police—I could have witnesses to prove it if necessary.





CHARLES JOHN WHEATLEY
 (police-constable F 124.) I took the prisoner into custody at Mr. Crask's house, and I took him to the station-house—I searched him, but found nothing on him but a good shilling—I got a shilling from Mr. Crask, which I produce.

MR. FIELD. I have examined the shilling and half-crown—they are both counterfeit.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing at all of the first piece of money—I am as innocent as yourselves—I offered the other piece, but did not know it was bad—when Mrs. Costin came to Bow-street, she said she could not swear to me.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Baron Parke.

