



3473. 




MICHAEL TOY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of September, 24lbs. weight of lead, value 10s., the goods of 



George Webb and others, his masters.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES BUTLER
. I am foreman to Mr. George Webb and others. On the 22nd of September, at about seven o'clock, I was in the Licensed Victuallers' School, at Kennington—there was work going on by my masters—the prisoner was in their employ, and was on the premises—I saw him out, and followed him some distances—I found a portion of lead hammered up, under his waistcoat, slung over his shoulders with a handkerchief—I took it from him, and informed my master—I kept the lead, and let him go—he had gone off the premises he nearly half a mile—he did not come to work the next day, and was apprehended on the 11th of October.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you not tell him to go away about his business? A. No, I did not know how to act—I took him back because I had a suspicion—William Toakley was with me at the time—I insisted upon his coming back—I did not take hold of him he walked by my side—we have never had any quarrel.






WILLIAM TOAKLEY
. I am foreman of the carpenters in the employ of Messrs. Webb. I remember seeing he prisoner and Charles Butler—I saw the prisoner unbutton his waistcoat, and Butler took a quantity of lead from his waistcoat.

Cross-examined. Q. What did Butler say to him after he took the had? A. He did not say any thing to him in my hearing—the prisoner went on his knees and begged to be let go—Butler told him to go away as fast as he could—he said, "Never let me go see your face again"—those more the words, as near as I can recollect.





SAMUEL ROBERT BISHOP
. I am clerk in the prosecutor's employ. I saw the lead that was taken from the prisoner—I had seen it on the 22nd of September, in the cellar of the premises—this is the property of Messrs. Webb—it was afterwards produced to me.





GEORGE WEBB
. I am a builder, and live in St. John's lane, Clerkenwell, I have two partners. The prisoner was in our employ—we have three or four hundred men—there is great deal of lead used by us—I had missed a quantity, and had given directions to some of the workmen to look out for the depredators—one of the foremen had appointed the prisoner to watch—the lead is worth about 8s. or 10s.—I saw the prisoner about a fortnight after the 22nd of September—he came to our office drunk, or nearly so, he went down on his knees, and begged to be forgiven, and acknowledged that he had taken the lead.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he ask for his wage? A. I think he did—I have a doubt, but I think he did—I do not know how much we owe him—probably it is three or four days—I paid him 2s. 8d. a day—my brother was present—he is here—three were three examinations—what I said at the office was read over for the me to correct; but what was stated on the first examination is not down; but at the time I was directed to add or correct any thing, I did not state it.





THOMAS WHITE
. I am are officer. I took the lead from the foreman of the bricklayers.
(Peter Conner, boot and shoe masker, of White Hart-alley, Cow-cross; Martin Dogherty, licensed victualler; Aaron Cange, labourer; and John Mahon, lodging-house keeper, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 27.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.





Transported for Seven years.
