




1275. 



ELIZA BENWELL
 and 



CHARLES WILLIAM WRIGHT
 were indicted for 

stealing, on the 
2nd of January, 1 gown-skirt, value 15s.; 2 yards of lace, value 7s.; 18 knives, value 1l. 10s.; 18 forks, value 1l.; 1 desk, value 15s.; 1 shift, value 5s.; 2 umbrellas, value 1l.; 5 shawls, value 4l.; 2 mugs, value 1s.; 1 dish, value 1s.; 12 plates, value 3s.; 6 handkerchiefs, value 12s.; and various other articles, the goods of 



Jane Matilda Coghlan, since deceased, the mistress of the said Eliza Benwell, in her dwelling-house.—2nd COUNT, stating Eliza Benwell to be the servant of, and the dwelling-house to belong to, 



Richard Brosler.



MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN HAYDON
 (police-constable S 162.) On the 22nd of April, I took the prisoner Benwell into custody, at No. 31, Little George-street, Hampstead-road. I told her, I took her on a charge of robbing her ready-furnished lodgings—that was not this charge—I took her to the station-house, and found twenty-seven duplicates upon her—I took Wright about half-past two o'clock the next morning at the same place—I then found fifty-seven duplicates lying on the table, Wright was in the room where the prisoner lodged—I saw Mrs. Pain, the landlady, and I got twenty-four more duplicates from her, and received three more duplicates from Benwell the next morning—I received one hundred and eleven duplicates in all—I have traced all the property—part of it has been claimed by the prosecutor—sixty-six duplicates relate to property which has not been claimed.





SARAH PAIN
. I am the wife of Thomas Pain, we live at No. 31, Little George-street. The two prisoners occupied a back-room on the first floor in my house—Benwell went by the name of Mrs. Wright—I went into the room with the officer; and when he came again, I gave him some duplicates which I found in a small box on a table in that room.





WILLIAM LANCE
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Palace-row, New-road. I produced a sheet, a pillow, a blanket, some tea-things, five handkerchiefs, and some other property, the greater part of which were pawned by Benwell; she was in the habit of coming backwards and forwards.





HENRY PERREN
. I am a pawnbroker. I have two silver forks and two tea-spoons, pawned by the male prisoner for 35s.—I also produce some sugar-tongs and nut-crackers, a gown, and some knives and forks.





RICHARD BROSLER
. I am executor to Mrs. Jane Matilda Coghlan. I produce the probate of her will—I was in the habit of going to her house almost every day—she lived in Buckingham-street—the prisoner Benwell was in her service twice—she left her in June, came back in July, and lived with her till her death, which was on the 2nd of January, at half-past ten o'clock at night—I heard she was dead the next morning; Benwell told me she had been insensible for the last two days—she was the only servant in the house—there was a charwoman used to assist—I went the next morning, and missed several articles; some of which are here produced—I repeatedly asked the prisoner for Mrs. Coghlan's three rings which she used to wear; one was her wedding-ring, another a diamond ring, and the other had a blue stone in it—she denied all knowledge of them—I was rather severe with her, and the next day she brought the gold and diamond rings, but not the other—I spoke to her about the umbrella; she denied all knowledge of it—I spoke to her about the stair-carpeting; for when the auctioneer's clerk came to take the inventory, there were only seven yards of it—I said there must have been much more; she denied all knowledge of it, and said, "It must be on the top of the stairs"—this is the ring with the blue stone in it, and this is the umbrella and carpeting.






JAMES KING
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce this ring—I did not take it in—it was pawned in the name of Charles Wright; the duplicate was found in the prisoner's lodging.





FREDERICK WOOD
. I am a pawnbroker. I took in this umbrella, but I do not know of whom; the duplicate was found at the prisoner's lodging.

Prisoner Benwell. The deceased was sensible the day she died, and she sent for Mr. Broster—she gave me these things some time before, to make use of after her death, if I wanted them; and her last words to them were, to tell them to use me well—the executor has not paid me the 10l. that she left me, nor my wages—the carpets were never on the stairs while I was there.

MR. BROSTER. There is no truth in her stating that the things were given her by Mrs. Coghlan—she provided for her in her will—the things must have been taken before her death, as I had the possession of the house from the 3rd of January till the sale on the 12th of February.

BENWELL



 GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s.—

Transported for Seven Years.

WRIGHT—


NOT GUILTY
.
