






81. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     UNDERWOOD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November
, 48lbs of lead pipe, value 5s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Farren
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling house
            , &c.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KENT
               



            . This house is a beer shop, No. 99, Holborn-hill


; it is the dwelling house of Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Farren
               



            ; about seven o'clock in the evening of the 12th of November, I was up stairs on the lead flat over the yard; I heard some persons come into the yard, and some water splashing; it struck me they were cutting the water pipe; I looked over and saw one man on the look out, and another at the pipe; I ran down and saw the prisoner Smith come in, out of the yard and turn into the tap room; I waited for the other prisoner to come from the yard, but he did not; I then took a candle, went into the yard, and found him; I saw this pipe cut off; I had seen the two prisoners once or twice before.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  CATMULL
               



            . I am an officer; I took the prisoners, and have the lead; I found this saw in the privy; it seems to have cut lead.
Smith. Q. Did you ever know me in custody before? A. I believe you have been: you had better say nothing.
Smith's Defence. I went to take part of a pint of beer, and was taken into custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KENT
               



            . I saw him come out of the yard.
Mr. Nicholl's, of Saffron-hill, gave Underwood a good character.
UNDERWOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Confined Six Months
            .
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
