





165. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, at St. Marylebone, 4 candlesticks, value 15s.; 1 mug, value 10s., the goods of George Francis Barlow - and 1 cloak, value 10s.; 1 box, value 10s.; 1 snuff-box, value 15s.; 2 caps, value 2s., and 3 £5 bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Harris
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        George 
                        Francis Barlow
                     



.
HENRY PHILLIPS. I am butler to Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Francis Barlow
               



            ; he keeps a house at No. 18, Bryanstone-square, in the parish of St. Marylebone


. On Sunday night, the 20th of October, I was in the kitchen, and heard a noise in the housekeeper's-room, or the butler's pantry, in the lower part of the house; I went and found the prisoner lying down, concealed in the beer-cellar, with the cloak over him - I ordered him out, took him by the collar, and sent for the policeman - I had seen him at the house once before; he came to see one of the servants - he had the whole of the property on his person when I took him- these four candlesticks were in his pocket - these three £5 notes were in this box, which was locked, and he had it under his arm.
ANN HARRIS. I am housekeeper
 to Mr. George 
               
                  Francis 
                  Barlow
               



            . This box and three £5 notes, are mine, and were in the housekeeper's room on the basement story - this other property is my master's - I had seen it safe an hour before - the prisoner had been to the house to visit one of the maids.


                  JOHN 
                  HUNT
               



             (police-constable D 138). I was sent for, and took the prisoner - I found on him a phosphorus-box, and matches, a small chisel and a key.


                  Joseph 
                  Wild
               



            , and 
               
                  Walter 
                  Hughes
               



            , of Shepherd's-market, gave the prisoner a good character.
GUILTY. Aged 17. - 


               Recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
