



458. 




GEORGE WEST
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
2nd of January, 41 dead fowls, value 3l. 12s., the goods of 



Charles Bell.






CHARLES BELL
. I live at Ware, in Hertfordshire. I have a farm, called Jennings-bury, near Hertford—I had about 130 or 140 fowls there—on the 2nd of January, and a few days afterwards, I missed about forty—I saw some at the station-house, near Whitechapel church—I have not a doubt of their being part of what I lost.

Prisoner. Q. When did you hear of their being found? A. Not till the Wednesday or Thursday following—I did not print any bill, or advertise them—I do not go to the farm every day.

COURT. Q. If you had gone to the farm, you would have known of it? A. Yes—I think I had rode to the farm once after they were taken, but was not told of it, as I had lost a nephew—it was late in the evening, and I had very little to say to my servants.

JURY. Q. Were the feathers off or on? A. The body feathers were on and we found a quantity of feathers in a pond, close by, off the tail; and we found the entrails close by a pond—some of the fowls were drawn.





THOMAS BUTCHER
. I am bailiff to the prosecutor. On Monday, the 4th of January, I found some feathers and entrails belonging to the fowls—I missed about forty-eight from the hen-house, which was shut up—I examined some fowls at Worship-street office, and knew them to be the same as I lost—I can swear positively to them—three of them had red claws sewn on the legs—we term them stockings—they were sewn on as a mark, in case they should be lost, and they had the same claws on at the office.

Prisoner. Q. How is your fowl-house situated? A. On the left side of

the dwelling-house—forty yards from the house—I reside on the premises—I missed the fowls on Monday, the 4th of January—I made inquiry—I did not inform my master the same day—I saw them at the police office on the Wednesday following—the fowl-house was fastened—it had been broken open by drawing the staple—it was a screw staple.

Q. How could forty-eight be taken form the place, and you not miss them? A. On cold days the fowls do not all come out—they did not come out for food—I did not take it to them.

JURY. Q. Did you see a sack at all? A. I saw some bags—they were not my master's.





GEORGE DEVERAUX BOLTON
 (police-constable H 66.) On Saturday morning, the 2nd of January, at half-past six o'clock, I was on duty in Slater-street, Bethnal-green, and saw a cab come down Brick-lane with the prisoner and another man in it—they turned into the street opposite Slater-street, and pulled up—the cab stopped—I waited there, and saw the prisoner and the other man get out; and before the cab-man could put down the board, I saw some thing like a bag—I waited about ten minutes—they never offered to take any thing out, not yet to knock at any door—they then knocked at the shutters of the Old Hare public-house, and in about ten minutes more the house was opened—the prisoner and the other man went in—the bag remained in the cab—I went across the street to the public-house door—the prisoner immediately came out, and in about a minute afterwards the other man came out and told the prisoner Mr. Ingram, the landlord, was not up—he then turned round, went in, and shut the door—the prisoner said to the cab-man, "Turn round, we will go to the other place, and see if they are up there"—he got into the cab, and was driving off, when I stopped it, and asked the prisoner where he was going—he said, "To the Cherry-tree, in Kingsland-road"—I said, "I shall see what you have here"—he said, "You may depend on it all is right"—I then pulled a basket from the cab, and there was a direction on it "For Mr. Smith, to be left at the Cherry-tree, Kingsland-road, till called for"—it contained nineteen fowls—I looked at the bag, and found the same direction on that—I put the basket into the bag, and took them to the station-house with the prisoner—there were twenty-two fowls in the bag—I went in pursuit of the other man, but did not find him—the fowls were quite warm and fresh—these forty-one fowls were shown to Butcher and to Bell, and they identified them—the prisoner said he had the fowls given to him by a man from Hertford, named Richards, or Richardson, but did not know in what street, or what business he was—that they were given to him to bring to London I went to the Cherry-tree—one Mr. Smith, a miller from Hertfordshire, I understand. frequents the house, but nobody else.





WILLIAM DAVIES
. I am driver of the cab No. 1080—I was with my cab when the mails came up on the morning of the 2nd of January—I cannot say what mail it was; but the prisoner and another man got off the mail, one with a basket, and the other a bag—one of them called a cab—I pulled my cab down—they got in, and I drove them to Hare-street, Brick-lane, to the Old Hare—they told me to pull up—both got out, knocked at the door, and in a few minutes it was opened—they both went in, and came out shortly after—the prisoner said to the other man, "You had better return, and I will stop here"—he said, "No, you had better go, and I will stop here to see Ingram"—the prisoner got in, and ordered me to drive to the Cherry-tree, and the other officer stopped me.


Prisoner's Defence. I was Hertford on Friday, and saw a person whose I have frequently seen in town—he asked if I was going to town—I said I was—he said he had a couple of parcels, if I would take them and leave them as he directed them—I said I would; but when I got to town, they were not up; and the other person in the coach with me said he was going to a house, where we could get something to drink, and by that time they would be up—well, after that I took the cab to return to leave them as directed—the policeman stopped me, and asked me what I had there—I said, "Poultry which was delivered to me, I believe it is all right"—he said he must see—I hope you will consider my statement—it is not at all likely a man could lose from a place, so near his dwelling-house, forty-eight fowls, and not miss them till the next week—as to his saying poultry do not come out in cold weather, it is most unreasonable, it is well known they never stop in from frost or snow, though they will from wet weather—my friends are a long way from town, or I could have proved they never were his fowls, and never in his possession.





THOMAS BUTCHER
 re-examined. I sewed the claws on the legs myself—my son and daughter held them while I did it—that was at the latter end of October, or the beginning of November—the fowls were not bred on the farm—we ha not had them long—I saw the claws on their legs afterwards—there were five, so and I found three with claws on—I have some of the cloth now here—here is one which I took off a fowl in the yard before I came here—it is hunting cloth.





GEORGE BOLTON
 re-examined. I searched the prisoner, and found some house—breaking instruments on him—a saw, knife, crow-bar, phosphorus matches; and two labels of the same description as on the bag and sack.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.
