






1307. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  COOPS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of July
, 1 watch, value 10l.; 1 watch chain, value 6l.; 2 seals, value 4l.; and 1 watch key, value 10s.; the goods of 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Atkinson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
BENJAMIN ATKINSON. On the 24th of July, about nine o'clock in the evening, I was in Cannon-street


 - at the corner of Martin's-lane, I was surrounded by three or four persons, some were behind me, and some were before me - my watch was taken from me, and at that moment I saw a person running across the road - I kept my eye upon him - he was afterwards taken - I cannot swear that he was the man who took the watch - he was gone in a moment - this is my watch - it was taken to the watch-house.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. You lost sight of the person? A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  HALL
               



            . I am constable of the Ward of Candlewick. I was in Cannon-street - I saw the prisoner with three others near him, about nine o'clock in the evening - I was standing opposite Nicholas-lane - they were repairing the road and I was looking at the plumbers - I looked across, and heard a noise - I heard Dr.
 Atkinson say, "Stop thief," and shake his stick towards the prisoner - the prisoner was running - I pursued him to the corner of King William-street - he was tripped up, but he got up and run - he was pursued, and tripped up again - I came up and took him- I heard he had thrown away the watch when he first fell.
Cross-examined. Q. How many other persons were there? A. Three, besides the prisoner and Dr. Atkinson - I saw the prisoner run across - I was on the other side of the street - Mander, a patrol, was with me - no one was between me and the prisoner, till he was tripped up - I am sure of his person - his face was towards me when I first saw him - I swear he did not turn any corner - it was about nine o'clock in the evening.


                  THOMAS 
                  TOOL
               



            . I am a boot and shoe maker. I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner running; the two patroles were pursuing - I tripped him up - he was running as fast as he could down the middle of the road, and he kept laughing as he came towards me - I stepped off the curb to catch him: he attempted to strike me, I put out my foot and tripped him up - he threw the watch down- he got up and run, and I followed him and tripped him up again - he was then taken - I stated where he threw the watch, and a boy went and found it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Will you just tell the Jury, on your oath, how often you have been here as a witness? A. I have been here several times - I have not been fifty times - I am not an officer, nor connected with the police - I am a boot and shoe maker - I was never refused my expenses, that I swear - Lord Denman never refused me - I cannot name any number of times within which I have not been here as a witness - I was here on a prosecution for my father, not for myself - I have been here two or three times for him, and several times for other persons - I do not know how many transportable offences I have been as a witness in - I do not know how many oaths I have taken in this Court.
Q. Will you swear that you have not within the last seven years been twenty-five times examined as a witness? A. Yes, nor nothing like it - I have not been twenty times - I do not know whether I have been fifteen - I have always had my exapenses, when I have appeared as a witness, except when I did not apply for them - Lord Denman never told me not to appear in this Court again - I have never been turned out of Court except when the witnesses were ordered out.
Q. Were you examined as a witness in the April Session, 1832, in the case of Moody, who was transported for life? A. I recollect the circumstance - I do not know what time it was - I cannot tell how many there are against whom I have appeared - there may be twenty or thirty.
Q. Then how came you to say, you had not been here twenty times? A. I do not know; there might he two names in a case - I do not know what I earn daily in my business - I do not know what it is, 1s. 6d., or 2s. a day - I got 3s. 6d. last Session.
Q. Then what did you mean by swearing you did not know what you would get? A. Because this is a London case, I was told there is a difference - I was in a London case a long while ago - I cannot tell when I first appeared as a witness; it was when my father had been robbed of some shoes - I did not rob him, you are as likely to do that as me - it might be five or six years ago, since I appeared in my father's case - I will not swear that it is within six years - it was not ten years, I am certain - I was examined here last Session, before his Lordship, in the case of a handkerchief, and two boys - I forget their names - the Jury did not say, on that occasion, they would not believe one word I swore.
Q. Do you know this gentleman (Mr. Murphy)? A. I have seen him in company. and drinking with the swell mob - Mr. Recorder never ordered me out of Court, and desire me never to appear in it again.


                  GEORGE 
                  AYRES
               



            . I live with my father at No. 39, Clement's-lane - I was going home that night, and heard a cry of "Stop thief" - I saw two or three persons running across Cannon-street - I cannot say whether the prisoner was there - I found the watch in Little Eastcheap.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Where was the prisoner taken? A. In King William-street - I did not see the prisoner do any thing - the prisoner was searched in the watch-house.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down the street, and heard the cry of "Stop thief" - Tool knocked me down, and said, "Young man, I will serve you out now; you were impudent to me at the Finsbury election" - that he cannot deny.
MR. PHILLIPS to THOMAS TOOL. Q. Did you tell him of the Finsbury election? A. Yes; because I saw him there, I told him I knew him very well at the Finsbury election - I did not say he had been impudent to me.
MR. PHILLIPS to JAMES HALL. Q. Did you hear Tool say any thing to the prisoner? A. He said he had seen him at the Finsbury election, and when the children went to St. Paul's, as being one of the swell mob.


                  JONAS 
                  KING MURPHY
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Tomlins, of Staples-inn, solicitor - I have heard Tool examined many times, in four or five cases, since I have been with Mr. Tomlins - I have defended, where Tool has appeared toprosecute - I have seen him examined where the present Recorder has sat as judge - he ordered him out of Court, and never to appear here again; and refused to allow him his expenses.
JURY. Q. What was the reason Mr. Recorder ordered him out of Court? A. Because he had sworn directly false- he said he had not been here the Session before, and I proved he was here in two cases - Mr. Lee was the counsel- it was in this Court, I think, the first year Mr. Law was Common Serjeant - I am not here in this case - I say this from a love of justice.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am assistant to Mr. Buckler - I have attended as short-hand writer in this Court for ten years - I have seen Tool here as a witness a great many times - I recollect his being absent for a considerable time; I believe it was in consequence of some reproof from the present Recorder - I remember his being here as a witness last Session - the Jury, after hearing his evidence, said,"We cannot believe one word this fellow says."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
