




928. 




WILLIAM BLACKWOOD
 and 




MARY ANN PRICE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of March, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 



Thomas Hollingshead, from his person.






THOMAS HOLLINGSHEAD
. I live at No. 3, Fenwick-court, Holborn On the 19th of March I was in Black Horse-court, Fleet-street—I observed an assault on a gentleman—I went down, and in going to the station-house with the gentleman, when within two steps of the station, I felt something at my pocket—I felt, and my handkerchief was gone—this is mine—I know it by the pattern—there is no mark on it—there were two or three officers near me, and I saw the handkerchief drop—I cannot say from whom—as soon as I turned round the two prisoners were at my back. and in custody, and the handkerchief fell at my feet—it was as near to their feet as mine.

Price. Was I not before you?—I went to see what was the matter—I went to the watch-house, and there was a handkerchief dropped from my shawl—I do not know who put it there—two officers came and laid hold of me—I was far before him—I was looking over the watch-house door. Witness. I saw no handkerchief near her shawl.

Blackwood. Q. Was I not a good way behind you? A. No, close.





CHARLES THORP
. I am patrol of St. Bride's. I was on this evening in Black Horse-court—I saw the two prisoners behind the gentleman—I knew them both before—I stood on one side to make way for the charge, and saw Blackwood take the handkerchief from the gentleman, and he gave it to Price—she put it under her left arm, under her shawl—he immediately stooped down, and began to tie his shoe—I laid hold of his collar, and told the gentleman I knew where the handkerchief was—in putting them into the watch-house the handkerchief fell from Trice's shawl—I knew them before—they are acquainted

—I had seen them together for two hours before, walking up and down Fleet-street.





JOHN JONES
. I am a watchman of St. Bride's. I was in the watch-house—I saw the handkerchief drop from the female prisoner.

Price's Defence. I know nothing of this boy.

Blackwood's Defence. There was the fight in a street—I was looking, and then I went to the watch-house to see the man; as I was going the gentleman caught hold of me, and put me into the watch-house.

BLACKWOOD—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten years.

PRICE—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—



Confined One Year.
