





563. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  MURPHY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th February
, 11 sacks, value 1l. 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Batley
                     




                  , his master
            .

WM. GOLLICK
             (police-constable H 85). On the 27th of February, I was on duty, and saw the prisoner in Essex-street, Whitechapel, about eleven o'clock - he had a load on his back - I followed him till he came to a court - I then stopped him, and asked what he had in his bundle - he said he was shifting his lodging, and he had clothes in it - I said I should like to see what he had got, and he wished me to follow him to his lodgings - he went to one house and looked at it, and said, "They are not up" - he then crossed and went into another house, and threw his bundle down - I found these sacks in it - I then took him.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Did he not tell you where to find his master? A. Yes.


                  CHARLES 
                  BATLEY
               



            . I keep a booking office
 in Whitechapel. The prisoner was in my service as ostler
, and to take out goods
 for two years - these sacks were in my care - I have had to pay for them - I had lost a great deal of property, and told the prisoner to look after the things.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you buy these sacks? A. No; they were sent to my place to be booked three or four months ago - I have paid for them - I saw them in mywarehouse about a fortnight before they were lost - they were to be left till called for.
Prisoner's Defence. I had them given into my care sixteen months ago in my room - they are mine till I can find an owner for them.(
               
                  John 
                  Sullivan
               



            , of weaver, Newcastle-street; 
               
                  Timothy 
                  Duggin
               



            , 22, Austin-street; 
               
                  John 
                  Lyon
               



            , Newcastle-street; 
               
                  Timothy 
                  Connor
               



            , - 
               
                  Dennis 
                  Donovan
               



            , - and 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Connolly
               



            , gave the prisoner a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
