





1275. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     STAPLETON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of June
, 1 table, value 2l. 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Peachey
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HURANKS
               



            . I live at Stoke Newington, and am a smith. The prisoner's mother quitted a house in High-street, Newington, a few weeks before the 9th of June - there was a dining-table in the house; she delivered the key up to me - I am executor to the prisoner's deceased father; the table belonged to Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Peachey
               



            .


                  JANE 
                  PEACHEY
               



            . I am the wife of James Peachey. I left a table of my husband's at the prisoner's mother's house, in High-street, Newington


 - it is worth 2l. 8s.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. I received possession of the table from a house where the prisoner was lodging; he was then in custody - the prisoner took my brother officer to the place, and I waited at the door; I went again afterwards - we broke the door, and I took possession of the table; the prisoner said that he had taken the tiles off the house and got it out, and then he said there was a square of glass broken and he put his hand in.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DOSSETT
               



            . I am a constable of Hackney. I went to the Weavers' Arms on the 6th of June, between ten and eleven o'clock in the evening; I saw the prisoner in the tap-room, and said I wanted him about a table - he said if I would go into the parlour he would speak to me about it; he then said he saw the parlour window of the house open, that he got in and took the table to his own lodging, and if I would go with him he would show it to me; I took him to Mrs. Peachey, and she identified him - I then went to his lodging; he took the key out of his pocket, opened the door, and showed me the table - he told me in the room, and also on the way to the station, that he went to the back of the house, got up the tiles, got in at the one pair back window, and took the table to take care of; he then said it was on the Sunday evening - he had before said it was on Saturday; he made no difficulty in showing me the table, but I had a good deal of trouble to coak him away - I took him to the station-house, and got from him a knife which he had; I then wanted the key of his lodging, but he said the whole five of us should not get that.
Prisoner's Defence (written.) On the 3rd of June last I was going towards home - I found the shutters, door and window of my mother's house open; I went into the house, found no one there, and all the goods were gone with the exception of a table, which I took away, for fear some person should go and take it away, when I took it to my lodgings three doors off - onMonday I was taken into custody; I had not the least intention of making away with the table - when the officer came I immediately took him where the table was, knowing myself innocent of any intention to steal.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . There was a washing-tub, a tablecover, and one or two trifling things in the house; I do not know whether there was any thing of value.


                  THOMAS 
                  HUBANKS
               



            . When I received the key every thing of value was out of the house - his mother was obliged to leave the house through his behaviour; he told her he would take the table, and sell it - the house had been left secure, and I had the key.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
