





1377. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of July
, 5 half-crowns, 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Tull
                  




               
            .
THOMAS TULL. I am servant
 to a gentleman at Shepherd's-bush. I was returning home about twelve o'clock at night on the 3rd of July; I met the prisoner in Hammersmith


 - she caught hold of my arm, and asked me to go down a lane with her, which I did; I had five half-crowns, two shillings, and a sixpence in my left-hand breeches pocket, and some other silver in my other pocket - I am not married: while I was with the prisoner she picked my pocket - I had given her a shilling; when I missed the money I accused her of robbing me - a man came up and knocked me down; another man then came up, and said, "Stop his mouth!" two or three men came up; I called for the Policeman - the men then ran away, and the Policeman came in a few minutes; the prisoner attempted to run away, but she was taken - I accused her of robbing me; she said she had not, but the money was found on her - this money could not have fallen from my pocket - I was standing up all the time.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q.Where had you been? A.With a friend; we had drank a quart or three pints of beer after dinner, and at dinner I had about half a pint of porter - I was perfectly sober: there were no lamps - it was not very dark; my breeches were not down, but they were unbuttoned - I gave charge of the prisoner directly; I did not say that I had lost 5s., then 7s. 6d., then 10s., and then 14s. 6d. - I think the prisoner had 1l. 1s. 8d. on her in all, I cannot exactly say.
MARK KING. I heard the alarm - I went up, and saw some men near the prisoner; she was running - the men followed me up the lane, but when I took the prisoner I lost sight of them; the prosecutor accused her of robbing him; he seemed to me to be sober - she denied it at first, but in going along she said she would undo her pocket, and give it me - there was 1l. 1s. 2d. in it; in going to the watch-house she said she would give him the money if he would say nothing about it: I found five half-crowns on her.
Cross-examined. Q.Was there not some conversation about taking the money, and she said rather than have any piece of work she would give him the money? A. No - I think it was twenty minutes before I offered to search the prisoner; she could not have thrown it away without my seeing it - I should think not five minutes elapsed from my hearing the cry till I came up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
