






1023. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     REECE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAILEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of March
, 1 cruet top, value 5s., and 1 spoon, value 5s., the goods of the Rev
. 
                     
                        
                           Hugh 
                           Hodgson
                        




                     
                  ; and that the said Thomas Reece had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  BRITTING
               



            . I live at the Rev. Hugh Hodgson, in Dean-street, Westminster


. On the 6th of March, between two and three o'clock, I was in the kitchen - something drew my attention to the window, and on going towards the passage, I saw the door open, which I had shut not ten minutes before; I went by the pantry, and missed the top of a mustard-pot and a spoon - I ran up the area, and saw the prisoner walking on the terrace, within twenty yards of the area - I walked past them; I collared Bailey - Reece immediately ran away; I called Stop thief! and he was stopped by Lloyd - he threw the spoon over into the garden, and the mustard top was found in his pocket - nothing was found on Bailey; they were within a yard of each other, and appeared in company.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. Had you seen a person loitering about for two or three days before? A. No, I never said so.


                  EDWARD 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I heard a cry of Stop thief! saw Reece running, and took him in custody - he threw the spoon out of his hand, and the mustard-top was found in his pocket.


                  DAVID 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I received the prisoners in charge, and found the mustard top in Reece's waistcoat pocket.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  EDMUND 
                  CHICHELEY
               



            , I am a Policeman. I have a certificate of the former conviction of Reece; I was a witness on his trial, and know him to be the man - (read).
REECE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
BAILEY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
