





1138. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WARDROP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of May
, 1 necklace, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Buckle
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Tayton
                        



.


                  MARY 
                  BUCKLE
               



            . I am the wife of John Buckle. Ann Tayton is my daughter's child
; she had on a necklace which was my husband's property on the 15th of May: we keep a broker's shop
 in Old-street


; I was sitting at the door, the child went to the corner of a chest of drawers, and up a court - she came back, and said a boy had taken the necklace; I got up, and saw two boys - I said, "Are these the boys?" she said No; I saw a Police-man come up, and told him.


                  SARAH 
                  FLECKNOE
               



            . I was standing at the corner of the court, and the prisoner came down with a shoe he had had mended; the child came round the corner, and he took the necklace off her neck - I saw him do it.


                  DANIEL 
                  MULLICE
               



            . I saw the prisoner take the beads from the child's neck.
Prisoner. He stated, on the second examination, that I took them in front of the child. Witness. He went behind the child.


                  THOMAS 
                  KELLY
               



            . I was on duty, and went after the prisoner - I found him at tea: I have never found the necklace; the witness Mullice said that was the boy: I do not recollect that he said any thing to it.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, denying the charge, and stating that he had attended at the Police-office twice, and was dismissed each time, and told to come again; when the witnesses appeared he was committed.
THOMAS KELLY re-examined. Q. Did you take him the same day? A. Yes, but Mullice did not appear that day, and he was remanded till Friday; I asked him, and he said he had not taken them: Flecknoe told me his name.
SARAH FLECKNOE re-examined. Q. Are you certain he is the person who took them? A. Yes - he ran away directly before I could give the alarm; I have seen him about Old-street before: I do not know his brother.
Prisoner. Mullice has been tried here.


                  DANIEL 
                  MULLICE
               



            . Yes, I have, and he has been here twice himself.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
