





2160. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     AGETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               bigamy
            .
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.


                  GEORGE 
                  YARROW
               



            . I am parish-clerk of Shoreditch. -I produce the register of marriages in that church. On the 1st of January, 1827, Samuel Agett, of that parish, bachelor, and 
               
                  Rosetta 
                  Hodsoll
               



            , spinster
, were married by banns, in the presence of Charles Rose and Thomas Haigh Price.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HODSOLL
               



            . I am married. I have a daughter named Rosetta - I was present at her marriage with the prisoner, on the 1st of January, 1827; she is alive - I saw her to-day, but she is ill.


                  LOUISA MARY 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am not sixteen years of age- I lived with my mother, and the prisoner worked next door to us; he courted me for some time, and obtained my mother's consent to marry me - we were married by banns on the 2nd of July
 last, at St. George's church, Cannon-street-road; my mother was at the wedding, and she gave us every article of furniture for our use - the prisoner lived with me till the 11th of August, when he sent me to my aunt's, and went away.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am the mother of this witness -I was present at her marriage with the prisoner.
Prisoner. It was entirely her own doing - she came thirty miles after me. Witness. The wedding-day was fixed, and then he went away, but he sent me a letter, and I went thirty miles, but it was to ascertain whether he was married; I should have been very sorry to have let him have my child if I had known he had been married.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in York-street, Commercial-road - he was not at home; I waited till he returned; there was a woman there, who clung round him, and said, "Oh, Sam, what have you brought me to?" she called him her husband; he said the next morning that he had been married five years next January, and that he had been led into the second marriage, there were some disagreeables about his first marriage.
Prisoner's Defence. My first wife sold the things, and left me; Mrs. Martin came after me to Chatham, and said she would supply me with deals if I would marry her daughter.
MRS. MARTIN. I never said so - I went to the Lord of the Manor at Chatham, to find out whether he was married or not, and what was the reason he did not come; his master said he had lived with a little woman.
JAMES LEE. He told me that he had told the second wife's mother that he was single, but that he had said it out of a joke.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
