






658. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WHEATLEY
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Farnell
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES FARNELL. I am a schoolmaster
. On the 2nd of July last, I was on Westminster-bridge


, about five o'clock in the afternoon - I am a stranger in London, and was on a visit - I did not feel any tug myself at my pocket; but somebody informed me my pocket was picked - that person is here - I turned round, but I did not see the prisoners till I had gone back a few yards - they were four or five yards behind me - they were pointed out to me as having picked my pocket - I saw my handkerchief, in five minutes, in possession of Taylor - I saw my brother take it from him - they were taken into custody directly - I have had the handkerchief ever since - this is it.
Cross-examined by MR. PARKER. Q. Has it not been mixed with others? A. Yes; I have sent it to the wash since.


                  THOMAS 
                  FARNEL
               



            . I was with my brother - a person said his pocket had been picked - we went back, and I saw both the prisoners about a yard or two from each other - I took my brother's handkerchief from Taylor, and they were secured.
Cross-examined. Q. Wheatley was a yard or two from Taylor? A. Yes; there was not a great crowd; persons were passing as usual.



                  RICHARD 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I am a policeman. I received charge of the prisoners.


                  SAMUEL 
                  POPE
               



            . I am a coal-merchant. On the 2nd of July, (the opening of the new Hungerford market,) I was riding over Westminster-bridge - I observed the prisoners pressing rather close upon the prosecutor's heels - I suspected them, turned my horse round, and watched them - they followed him up one side of the bridge, and crossed over when he did - and directly he got over, I saw Wheatley distinctly take the handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket, and give it to Taylor - I rode on and told the prosecutor - I got off my horse, and took both the prisoners - a crowd assembled, and the handkerchief was taken from Taylor's trowsers pocket - he said he had picked it up.
Cross-examined. Q. There was a crowd of persons? A. Yes; more persons than usual were on the bridge - I can positively swear to them - I cannot be mistaken - there were a number of persons on the bridge looking at the ceremony of the market being opened.
Taylor's Defence. I never saw Wheatley in my life before I was taken - I picked up the handkerchief.
JURY to MR. POPE. Q. You say there was a considerable crowd on the bridge when you observed them pick the pocket - do you think it was possible for you during the time you got off your horse, to lose sight of the prisoners so long as not to be able to be certain of them again? A. I was watching them from one end of the bridge to the other- I have not a doubt of them.
WHEATLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
