






1332. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  KING
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of June

, 10 lbs. of lamb, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Hilhouse
               



            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BILSTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
HANNAH PANKHURST. I live with Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Hilhouse
               



             - he is a hatter
; the prisoner King came to his house on Saturday, the 5th of June - I did not know him before; he said he called for a quarter of lamb which the butcher had just left, as the one that was ordered was a pound or two larger - he did not say who he came from; I gave him the quarter of lamb, and he took it away - I know nothing more of it; he did not say he was to bring another back.
RICHARD DALEY. I am servant to Mr. Alley, a butcher, in Mount-street. I delivered the quarter of lamb the same day at Mr. Hilhouse's, No. 11, Bond-street



; there was no mistake, and I never sent for it back - I do not know these men.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVEY
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was on duty in Brewer-street on the 5th of June - I saw Bilston with a quarter of lamb; he took it to a shop, and asked them to let him leave it there for an hour - they thought it was not all right, and spoke to me; I watched till he came back and had the lamb - he went out and round the corner, where he met King, who had some other meat; they went to some shops, and both King and Bilston tried to sell it - I then took them; I showed the meat to Daley - King said he had bought the meat for 12s.


                  RICHARD 
                  DALEY
               



            . It was the same lamb I had taken to Mr. Hilhouse.
King's Defence. I bought the lamb at the top of Newgate-market; I met this young man, and employed him to carry it - I never knew him before.
Bilston's Defence. I met this young man, who asked me to help him carry it, which I did.
KING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BILSTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
