



1210. 




WILLIAM OWEN
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering a counterfeit crown-piece to 



William Rusling, on the 
24th of April, well knowing it to be counterfeit; he having been previously convicted as a common utterer of base coin.






MESSES. ELLIS

and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of William Owen at the Middlesex Sessions, December, 1833, for uttering counterfeit silver—I have examined it with the original record in the office of the Clerk of the Peace, and it is a true copy—(react.)





WILLIAM HORNSBY
. I am a policeman. I saw the prisoner at Clerkenwell Sessions, in December, 1833, when he pleaded guilty to uttering base coin, and was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment—I am certain he is the same man.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Why are you certain? A. I have known him five or six years—he used to live in Britannia-row, Islington—I had him in custody.





WILLIAM RUSLING
. I am a boot and shoe maker, and live in Turner's place, City saw-mills, City-road. On the 24th of April, the prisoner came to my house with two pairs of shoes to repair, which were to come to 5s.—on the 28th he came for them, and gave me a five-shilling-piece—I put it on the mantel-piece, and immediately he was gone I gave it to my wife with a sixpence—I am certain I gave her the crown-piece I had from the prisoner—she went out with it, and brought it back—I immediately put it into my pocket—I am quite sure I had no other crown-piece there—I then went after the prisoner, but did not find him that evening—he had told me he lived at No. 10, James-street, City saw-mills, but I found no such person there—he gave me no name at all—I merely

asked if such a person lived there, describing him—I afterwards communicated with Sayer, the policeman, and on the Wednesday morning, the 2nd of May, between six and seven o'clock, I found the prisoner at his own house, in Mount Zion, by Islington turnpike, and in his room found one pair of the shoes I had repaired—I gave the crown-piece to the policeman on the way to the station-house—it had not been out of my possession since I got it from my wife.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you see him again? A. He brought the shoes on the 24th, and came for them on the 28th—I had the crown in my possession till he was taken—I kept it in my pocket in paper, and had no other crown but that.





SOPHIA RUSLING
. On the 28th of April, I received the crown-piece from my husband, and took it to Mrs. Smith—she returned it to me as a bad one—it was not out of my sight—I gave my husband the same crown-piece.





JOHN SAYER
. I am a policeman. On the 2nd of May J went with Rusling to the prisoner's lodging in Mount Zion-court, Islington, and took him into custody—he said he knew nothing of the charge—I received a crown-piece from Rusling on the way to the station-house, which I produce.





WILLIAM EVAHS
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Cross-street, City-road. On Saturday, the 21st of April, the prisoner came to my shop, and asked for a pair of shoes, which a lad had left on the Tuesday to be repaired—I produced them to him—he asked what there was to pay—I told him 3s. 9d.—he gave me half-a-crown, a shilling, and threepence—I looked at the half-crown, about two minutes after he left the shop, as a gentleman came in—I had put it into a pocket by itself—I rubbed it with my finger, and found it was a bad one—I put it into a snuff-box, and kept it separate from all other money, till I gave it to Kemp, the policeman—I marked it first—I saw the prisoner again on the Wednesday at the station-house, and asked whether he was not the man who passed the bad half-crown—he said no, he was not—I knew him well to be the person.





GEORGE KEMP
. I saw the prisoner in the custody of Sayer—I received this half-crown from Evans.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to Her Majesty's Mint—I have examined the-crown and half-crown—they are both counterfeit in all respects.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
