





279. 




JULIA HAYES
 was indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Robinson, on the 
5th of December, at 
St. James, Clerkenwell, and stealing therein 1 brooch, value 30s.; 1 ring, value 1l.;1 necklace, value 30s.; 180 penny-pieces; and 480 halfpence; the goods and monies of 



Thomas Robinson, her master; and that she had before been convicted of felony; and 




CATHERINE WOOLAHAN
 and 



ANN MAHER
 were indicted for

 feloniously receiving, on the same day, at the same parish, 1 brooch, 1 ring, and 1 necklace, part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen.—Another COUNT, for receiving the same of a certain evil-disposed person.






THOMAS ROBINSON
. I keep the Ben Johnson public-house, in Great Bath-street, St. James, Clerkenwell. The prisoner, Hayes, had been one week in my service—I know nothing of the other women—I went out on Friday, the 5th of December, about two o'clock in the daytime, leaving my wife and Hayes at home—I returned between four and five o'clock—the property stated in the indictment was kept in my bed-room—when I came home, I heard from my wife that the door had been broken open, but I did not go up stairs myself—there is a closet in the room, which has merely a button on it—I had nine parcels of 5s. each, in copper, most of which were packed up by me—I can swear to my own packing—I had left a brooch and necklace on my wife's dressing-table—I had not been in the bed-room since a quarter past nine in the morning—they were there then—I had the prisoner taken up—nothing was found on her—Woolahan was taken up the same morning—I was present when a brooch and necklace were found in her house in a bag, at the head of a cradle—the bag was not mine—I do not know whose lodging it is myself, but she was in the room.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is yours a night-house? A. It is not much of a day-house—I do not exactly keep it as a night-house

—I keep open till two or half-past two o'clock—it is a regular house—I have not permission to keep it open, but if neighbours come and knock for beer I serve them—I let in customers till two o'clock in the morning—I know that eleven o'clock is the hour to close, but I always understood if any body came for any thing, if your house is quiet and comfortable, you can serve them, if neighbours come—I have' kept the house six months—my wife is near lying in—she went out on Monday, the 1st of November, to buy some articles, about eleven o'clock—I saw Hayes several times passing and repassing while she was out—I will take my oath I did not speak to her—I know what she stated at Hatton-garden, which is infamous—that I took improper liberties with her—I never did so—it is false—I did not go up into her bed-room one morning, to ask her if there had been any men there overnight—I had a cold, and had some warm water brought up to my bed-room door to me one morning—Hayes brought it to the door when I was in bed—I did not take it in from her—I went to sleep for a few minutes after she left the water at the door, and never saw her till I went down stairs—she said, "Here is your water, Sir," and knocked at the door—that was before twelve o'clock in the morning—I was not well—I got up to business—I got up soon after I soaked my feet—either she or my wife brought my shaving water every morning—I swear I never saw her in my room.

Q. Did she not make this charge against you before? A. She was obliged to say something, and those very words she said at Hatton-garden—I will swear I did not give her the brooch—I never took any liberties with her in my life, or with any other female since I hare been in that house, which is six months—I was down in the cellar one day, and called to my wife to tell Mary, which is the name we knew Hayes by, to bring a pail—I never heard her name was Julia till now—I took the pail of her at the foot of the stairs—she did not come down to the cellar to me to fetch the pail from me—she brought it to me, and she went straight away again back to the bar, and my wife will tell you the same—I was putting on a fresh butt of beer—I remember telling her on the Friday following, when I went out to the Bank, to keep the kitchen door locked—I did not mention any thing about an apartment while my wife was confined—the key of the bed-room hangs up in the bar, on a brass hook—any body can have access to it—very few persons frequent the house from ten till two o'clock in the morning, except neighbours.





ELIZABETH ROBINSON
. I have been married eight months. Hayes lived with us for one week as servant—on Friday, the 5th of December, my husband went out—the money was in the cupboard, and the other property on the table in the bed-room—I saw them secure at about eight o'clock on Friday morning—I locked the bed-room door, and hung the key up in the bar at eight o'clock—I went to the room again about two o'clock in the afternoon—Mary was at home then—I found the door locked—I unlocked the door and locked it again—I missed nothing then, but I cannot say whether it was gone—I hung the key in the bar, in the usual way—I did not go to the room again till I went to bed, which was between four and five o'clock in the morning—I then found the lock broken off the door, and the wood work broken away—I went in, and missed all the property front the table and out of the cupboard—Mary knew where the key hung—I missed all the property stated in the indictmeut—an officer was sent for at half-past ten o'clock on Saturday morning—business prevented our sending

earlier—he came about eleven o'clock—Mary's box was searched, and no property was found in it, but a five-shilling paper of halfpence was found behind her bedstead—a pair of stockings were found in her box—nothing more was found in our house—I knew the paper of coppers to be one that had been in the bed-room, by my husband's tying up—we never give those halfpence to the brewers—Mary went out on Friday afternoon unknown to me, about three or half-past three o'clock, and returned about four o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you see the bed-room safe? A. About two o'clock—I did not go up stairs after that—I did not go to my bed-room from two o'clock till between four and five o'clock—Mr. Robinson did not—I believe nobody did but Hayes—I know she went up after—I cannot say how often—I found the lock of the door open—she had access to the key when she wanted to go into the room—she went up for no purpose but making the bed and doing her household work—she has confessed that she broke open the door—my business keeps me up till four or five o'clock—it kept us up that night, but the doors were not open—they were open and shut occasionally—that is the custom of the house—it is called a night-house—we are in the habit of having it open till four or five o'clock sometimes, but very seldom.

Q. How happened it, if you thought your property had been stolen, that you omitted sending for an officer for five hours and a half? A. It was such a time in the morning to send for an officer—we thought we would leave it till the following morning—we were engaged with the brewers, who came with the porter that morning—I remember Hayes taking up some warm water to my husband—I cannot say what morning it was—she went by the name of Mary—I do not remember her going into the club-room, and not finding the pail, or going down into the cellar, to 'Mr. Robinson, for it—I do not remember his calling to me to send the pail down by her—about nine o'clock on Saturday morning, I asked her if she had seen the brooch, or ring, which I had left on the table—she told me, "No."





JAMES DAVIS
. I am a policeman. On Saturday, the 6th of November, about eleven o'clock, I was applied to, and went to Mr. Robinson's house—the prisoner was called up from the kitchen to me, and I questioned her if she knew any thing about the things—she said, "No"—I then told her she was a prisoner, and sent her into the bar for her mistress to search her—a letter dropped from her, which excited my suspicions—I went and searched her room—I could not find any thing—she came down and went into the bar with her mistress again—I was going to take her to the station-house, when she told me, if I would go up stairs again, 5s. of the copper was behind her bedstead, and that she had given the brooch, necklace, and ring, to a woman, named Woolahan—I went with her up to her room, and found the 5s. paper of copper behind the bedstead—I took her to the station-house, and went to No. 12, Wilson-place, Wilson-street, and questioned Woolahan about a parcel being given to her by Julia Hayes—she denied all knowledge of it—she afterwards said a necklace bad been given to her by Julia Hayes, overnight—she said she had given her a parcel, containing the necklace, and the prisoner Maher brought me a bag containing the necklace and brooch—I brought them both to the station-house—I searched Maher—she said she would tell me the truth, that the ring was hid in the cradle—I went back with her to the house, and she turned the ring out from among some shavings—I produce the property.


Cross-examined. Q. Julia Hayes told you you would find the copper behind the bedstead? A. Yes; several people were present—Mr. Robinson was.





ELIZABETH ROBINSON

re-examined. I believe this to be my husband's property—the value of all we lost is 4l.—the house is in the parish of St. James, Clerkenwell.





THOMAS ROBINSON

re-examined. I believe this parcel of halfpence to be my packing up.





RICHARD BAYLIS
. I am a constable of Hatton-garden police-office. I produce a certificate of Hayes's former conviction (read)—I was a witness at the trial—she is the person who was convicted.

Hayes's Defence. When I entered the service on Saturday night, Mrs. Robinson gave me a candle, and told me to go to bed, and between two and three o'clock in the morning, two men came into my room—I asked what they wanted—they laughed, and went out—next morning, master asked if two men had not come into my room—I said, "Yes"—ever since that he has been at me, and making me promises; and on this morning he told me I might have every thing I wished for; and as soon as mistress was confined, he would make me comfortable, and buy me new clothes—I said I had new clothes, but they were in pawn—he opened the cupboard door, and told me to take out what would redeem them—he had hold of my hand, but he heard footsteps coming up, and he let go—I had hold of the door, and a screw came out—he told me not to tell mistress, but whatever I wanted, I should have—he gave me all the things—he gave me the brooch into my hand—I took them to my mother's—she told me to ask mistress's leave to go out, and I had the things which he told me to take—I had given them, wrapped up, to Mrs. Woolahan, but she did not know what was in the parcel—he made me promises every day, and when mistress went out, he told me not to toll her, but he would make me comfortable, and buy me new things—he told me to take the money out of the cupboard.

Woolahan's Defence. I took the things when she gave them to me, and left them in the bag till the policeman came—I then told this woman to hand me a bag, and the policeman took it out of her hands before she gave it to me.

HAYES—



GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s.; she having been before convicted. Aged 23.—


Transported for life.

WOOLAHAN


MAHER





NOT GUILTY
.
