




1394. 



RICHARD RYAN
 and 



MICHAL M'NAMARA
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
30th of May, 6 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, and one guinea; the monies of 



Henry Thuell.






HENRY THUELL
. I came from the Hundred of Totness in Devonshire, and am a mason. I had been in town a fortnight—I had heard that the Tunnel and Westminster-bridge were to be repaired—I lodged at Ryan's house for a fortnight before this, in Buckeridge-street, St. Giles's—it is a private house—I had paid for my lodging before this—I had in my watchpocket six sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and one guinea; and some silver in another pocket—when I went to bed at night, on the 30th of May, I had my money safe in my watch-pocket, sewed up—a man and his wife slept in the same room—M'Namara and his wife came home some time in the night—Ryan did not sleep in the room—I think I went to bed between nine and ten o'clock—when I was in bed, Ryan and his wife fell out, and hebeat her very much—she cried out—I saw Ryan come into my room—he asked me if I had paid for my lodging, I said yes, I had paid his wife—he went away and came in again not long after—he took my trowsers from under my head, and cut the pocket—some of the money which he got dropped upon the floor—after that, he left the room, and there was more differing—I continued in bed, because I was afraid to ask for my money—I got up next morning between seven and eight o'clock, and went to the police about eight o'clock, before I had breakfast—I told them—they came and took up Ryan—M'Namara was in the next room when Ryan took my breeches and cut my pocket; there was a lamp outside the street-door and a candle in the room—it was Ryan who did it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN,
Q. Had you any work in your own country? A, No, I had done little work for eight or ten weeks—I had saved this gold up for many years—I had not applied to any parish for help—I did not say at first that I had been robbed of 2l.—he might have put out the candle, but it was not out—it was ten minutes or a quarter of an hour before the person came in and took my breeches—no one was in the room beside myself—there was another bed in the room, where a man and his wife and a boy slept—I do not know how long the person was in the room—I was awake—I had not slept at all—I could not sleep when I heard a person crying, "Murder"—it began soon after I went to bed—I

might close my eyes, but I did not sleep at all—the candle was standing on the table by the door—my bed was by the side of the table—there was a lamp in the street, and the light struck into the room, but we have a candle for supper or any thing else, in case we want.





EDWARD CLEMENTS
 (police-constable E 146.) On the 31st of May, the prosecutor came to me—he told me the story—I went in pursuit of the parties—about two hours after I found Ryan, very much in liquor—I found no property on him—I then went in search of M'Namara—I found him three or four hours afterwards, very much in liquor—I found nothing on him.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did the prosecutor come to you? A. About twelve o'clock in the day, but he had been there before—Ryan was in liquor—he said he had been with some friends.





HENRY GLOVER
 (police-constable E 87.) I live at the station-house. On the 31st I was in the Buckridge Arms, at a quarter past two o'clock in the afternoon—I saw Ryan come, and he chucked a guinea down on the counter, and asked the landlady change for it—she refused—I took and bit it, and put it down again—when he was refused, he said it was not for the want of money—he put his hand into his pocket, and pulled out a sovereign and five or six shillings.

Cross-examined. Q, Were you in your dress? A. Yes, close to the bar—he saw me before he showed the guinea.





JOHN HUTCHINSON
 (police-constable E 26,) I was at the public-house—I saw Ryan ask for change for a guinea—he said he did not do it for want of money, and took out a sovereign—I did not see the silver.

Ryan's Defence, I keep two rooms—I met a few friends—we had a few pots of beer, and got a little intoxicated—there were these men, four or five more men, and the Irishman, who I expect is here—the prosecutor, at first, said he was asleep—then, he was not asleep—then, that he was between asleep and awake—I fell down asleep by the side door—I awoke at half-past three o'clock—before I got home, it was about four o'clock, and I went to bed—in the morning, about eight or nine o'clock, I got up, walked out to get shaved—I met a few friends, and had a few pots of beer—when I was taken, nothing was found on me—the Magistrate asked if he saw me in the room—he said not—a man came to me about six weeks ago—he lodged with me for a week, and he owed me 11s.—he gave me this guinea—I gave him change.

M'Namara's Defence. I came in, and went to bed at nine o'clock—five others went into the room—I got up, and met a few friends, and had some beer with them—I knew nothing of this till I was apprehended.





JAMES WALKER
. I lived in this house—I remember the Saturday on which the prosecutor said he had lost his money—I was there that Saturday night—Ryan went out at eight or nine o'clock at night—he came in, I suppose, at eight or nine o'clock in the morning—I saw him come—he was out all night—I was in bed all night—I went to bed at nine o'clock—I always lock the door—I locked it when I got into bed—I got up at half-past nine or ten o'clock—no one had gone out—the landlady got up at four o'clock to milk her cows—Ryan went to this man, and asked if he had paid his rent—he said he had paid it—Ryan left the house directly after—he did not go again into that room.

RYAN. Aged 21.—


GUILTY
. 


Transported for Seven Years. M'NAMARA—


NOT GUILTY
.
