



2131. 




MARGARET BRYAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of June, 2 brooches, value 15s.; 2 rings, value 15s.; 4 table napkins, value 4s.; 1 towel, value 6d.; 1 table cover, value 2s.; 1 blanket, value 3s.; 1 pillow, value 4s.; 2 candlesticks, value 1s.; 1lb. weight of tea, value 4s.; 1/2 lb. weight of coffee, value 1s.; and 1/2 lb. weight of sugar, value 3d., the goods of 



William Johnson, her master.






WILLIAM JOHNSON
. I keep the Leather Market Tavern, at Bermondsey. The prisoner was in my service for five days—on the 27th of June she was the worse for liquor—I found a bottle which had had sherry in it empty, and some tea, coffee, almonds and raisins, and French plums which we had missed were found in the scullery wrapped up in a newspaper, and some sherry in a tin beer can—the officer searched her boxes—they were not locked, but the room they were in was locked, and the key could not be found, and in the boxes we found these other things, which are mine—these rings and brooches were found on her person—we had missed a sovereign that morning, and one was found on her.

Prisoner. The money was my own, the ring and brooches I picked up, and kept them to find an owner, the next day one of the children came, and gave me a box with these plums and almonds, and told me to

empty them, and I left them in the scullery—I did not hide them—these napkins belong to myself. Witness. These napkins I know are mine—they have never been used but once—they were missed from a chest to which she had access, and the key was not to be found—this blanket is one of the two pairs that belonged to a bed which was not in the room where her box was—this table-cover is mine—this baize is mine—it was cut for a certain table—this pair of candlesticks, which were in her box, are also mine.





GEORGE HAVILL
 (police-sergeant M 2.) I searched the prisoner's box, and found all these things, with the exception of the jewellery—I found this little box with the ring and pin in the sleeve of her gown, and these two brooches fell from her person.

MR. JOHNSON. This box is my wife's.

Prisoner. It is mine—when the policeman took me he asked Mrs. Johnson if these things were hers—she said they were not—I have had some of these things in my possession twelve months—the pillow belongs to me, also two table-cloths, and four napkins, and the candlesticks.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
