




1922. 




JOHN LONGSHAW
 and 




WILLIAM CONSTABLE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
8th of July, 2 live fish, called pike, value 1s.; and 12 live fish, called perch, value 2s. 6d.; the property of 




James Clark, in a boat on a certain navigable river called 
the Thames.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES CLARK
. I am a fishmonger, and live at Sunbury—I have got some fishing-boats. On the 8th of July, at night, I had some fish in a well under my boat—I had some perch in the well—I marked them—I missed them at half-past five o'clock in the morning—we had intelligence of the prisoners going to Hampton—we followed them, and traced them to Mr. Ruff's where I found my fish—we found the prisoners at the Jolly Coopers, at Hampton—they were having a jollification Mr. Miller was with them—they were my perch.

Constable. He swore before to seven out of the twelve. Witness, Yes, I did; there were but seven marked fish.

Longshaw Q. Did you not see me fishing, and ask what sport I had had? A. I might, I do not know—I know them about the neighbourhood—I had mistrust of them a long time.





JOHN MILLER
. On the morning of the 8th of July, the prisoner Constable brought these fish into the Jolly Coopers, and asked whether there was any body that would buy them—I said, "No," we sat about ten minutes, and then Constable said, a likely place to sell them was Mr. Ruff's—Longshaw was not in then, but he came in and asked Constable whether the fish were sold—I said "No"—Constable then said, "If you take them to Mr. Ruff's you are sure to sell them"—Longshaw was by his side—I got up and took them across—I turned back, and said, "Who shall I say sent them?"—Longshaw told me the name of Jack Dobbins which is a nick-name he goes by—I did not know but that that was his right name, till afterwards—I took the fish to Ruff's and got 1s., 6d. for them—I returned to the public-house with the 1s. 6d.—I put it on the

table, and Constable took it up—we had four pots of beer, and then the officer came in and took me.





HENRY RUFF
. I am a fishmonger. John Miller brought me the fish—I gave him 1s. 6d., for them—I showed them to Mr. Clark—they were the perch I bought of Miller—I knew them by the mark.

Constable's Defence. We had no fish in our possession, nor knew any thing about it.

Longshaw's Defence. What fish I had, I caught.

LONGSHAW—


GUILTY
.* Aged 45.—


Transported for Seven Years.

CONSTABLE—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—



Confined Six Months.
