





Before Mr. Justice Park.
697. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     BEECH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, 19 yards of cloth, value 12l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hopkins
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COX
               



            . I am a constable. On the 8th of March I saw the prisoner in Shoreditch, carrying this piece of cloth on his arm; he looked round, and then ran into Swan-yard, and threw it down; I heard a cry of Stop thief! I immediately crossed and picked up the cloth; he was pursued and brought back in two minutes; I am certain he is the man.


                  THEOPHILUS 
                  WHITING
               



            . On the 8th of March, I saw the prisoner running down Swan-yard, and two persons running a little distance from him; I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw Davy secure him.


                  THOMAS 
                  SPARROW
               



            . I am shopman to John Hopkins, a linen-draper
, in Shoreditch


. I know this cloth to be his, by the mark, No. 504; I bought it for master on the 4th of March; it came to 10l. 12s. 3d.; it was placed in the lobby, before you come into the shop-door; it was within the threshold, but if the door was shut it would be outside, but there is a shutter at night which incloses the lobby; the shutter is put up at night for greater security; we leave no property between the shutter and the door at night; the lobby is open all day, but at night we put up a bottom fence, and on that a shutter.


                  RICHARD 
                  DAVY
               



            . I live at the Canterbury Arms, and am a saddler. I was in Shoreditch, and saw the prisoner take the cloth from a quantity more which was placed against the prosecutor's inner door; it was outside the door; I saw no other door there; I followed the prisoner and caught him; I am certain he is the man - I never lost sight of him after he parted with the cloth.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not in a dwelling-house
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
