



59. 





ANN LANE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of October, at 
St. Pancras, 1 writing-case, value 1s.; 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, and 2 £5 bank-notes; the goods, monies, and property of 



Peter M'Kone, her master, in his dwelling-house.






PETER M'KONE
. I live in Great George-street, in the parish of St. Pancras. I keep the house—the prisoner came into my service on Monday, the 23d of October—she did not sleep in the house, but used to come in the morning—on Friday morning she came between seven and eight o'clock—I was sleeping on a sofa in the front kitchen—I found her rummaging a drawer, and told her to go up and light the parlour fire—she laid the fire, but did not light it—I had two £5 notes, a sovereign, and half-sovereign, in a red morocco box, which I had seen over night in the table drawer, in the kitchen—the box was locked—the prisoner was rummaging in that drawer, which made me turn round to ask what she did there—she said she wanted some wood to light the fire—I said, "Go up stairs and light the fire, do not make such a noise here"—she went up and decamped—I missed my box—I went to look for her, and met her father and mother—they begged two hours' grace—I traced the notes, and have the Bank clerk here—they gave me notice that the notes came into the Bank—nobody knew of the money being in the box, to my knowledge, but myself and my wife—the prisoner was in the kitchen when my wife put the money into the box, but whether she saw her put it in, I cannot say—I saw my wife put it in, lock the box, and give me the key—the prisoner did not give me any intimation that she was going—I found heron Saturday night, getting out of a cab, to go into her father's house—she ran away as hard as she could—a gentleman knocked her down, and as she was getting up, I came up, and I gave her in charge—when she was with me, she had scarcely any thing to wear—my wife gave her a shawl, and shoes and other articles, and when I took her she was well dressed—she had new stockings, a new gown, new shawl, and bonnet, but before she had nothing to cover her, and could not get any thing.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Surely she had some clothes when you hired her? A. She had but very trifling—she was with me from the Friday—there are ten rooms in my house—my wife slept in a bed-room at the top of the house—I had the gout, and was unable to go up stairs, and had a bed on the sofa—I was out once or twice in the course of that afternoon, but I do not think I was half a mile from my house—I came home about three o'clock, and did not go out after, as I was not able—I believe I went to bed about ten o'clock—my wife made my bed for me, and staid to see me into bed—the prisoner let herself in in the morning—I left the room door on the latch for her—she had the key of the street door, which was locked—I have three ladies and two gentlemen lodging in my house—I have Judge Talfrey's widow lodging with me—I had no quarrel with the prisoner.





FREDERICK WILLIAMS
 (police constable S 144.) I received the prisoner into custody from the prosecutor, in Phoenix-street, Somers-town—I had been out all the day previous looking for her—a female searched her at the station-house—I saw some of the clothes she wore, and she had a bundle—she

was not sober—I found in the bundle two gowns, a petticoat, a part of shoes, part of a shawl, a cap, and trimmings—the gown seemed to have been worn once, and the others were second-hand—the clothes she had were quite new—she denied the charge.





EDWARD HART
. I live in Sparrow-corner, Minories. On the 27th of October the prisoner, with another woman and three men, came to my shop and bought a coat, waistcoat, trowsers, and hat, to the amount of 23s.—the prisoner paid me a £5 note, which I changed with Mr. Davis my neighbour—I wrote my name on the back of it—I should know it again—this is the note she paid me—(looking at it.)

Cross-examined. Q. Were you before the Magistrate? A. No—Davis sent for me about a fortnight afterwards, and I found the prisoner there—I never saw the prisoner before, nor the other female—I am quite satisfied it was the prisoner gave me the note—I did not make her put any mark on the note—I did not observe any writing on it.





SAUL SOLOMON
. I live in Sharp's-buildings, Tower-hill. Three or four weeks ago the prisoner came into my employer's shop with a woman and two men, and I sold them clothes to the amount of 33s.—the prisoner gave me a £5 note—I am certain of her—I did not put my name on the note, and should not know it again—I sent my boy to the Bank of England to get it changed—he is not here—I have no means of identifying the note.





THOMAS PHILLIPS
. I am a clerk in the Bank—I produce two £5 notes from the Accountant's-office—they came into our office to be posted—I see these two notes were posted—I have compared them with the books, and find them entered—one came into the Bank on the 27th of October, that is No. 38216—the other, No. 38215, was paid in on the 6th of November—an application had been made to stop the payment after the first was brought in.

Cross-examined Q. Neither of them were paid into your hands? A. No, the books are my only information as to when they came in—no clerk from our office posted the notes, it was a clerk from another office—I have made a copy of the entry.





PETER M'KONE

re-examined. I do not know the numbers or dates of the notes 1 lost, but I know the initials on the backs of them—E. P.—here is one—(looking at them)—and the other is the same—and here is Mr. Hoare's name on this one—he is Solomon's master.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to say Hoare's name was on the note when you had it? A. No—this E. P. was on the notes in my box before I lost them.





MARY M'KONE
. I am the prosecutor's wife—(looking at the notes)—Here is one mark I can swear to, E. P.—it was written with very bad ink, and on the other note is E. P., written with equally bad ink—I saw that written on them by a lady named Elizabeth Pedler—they are the the same notes I put into the box, and I gave my husband the key—there was a sovereign and a half also, which was the rent I had received for my apartments.

Cross-examined. Q. How long was the money in your possession? A. Only a few days—it might be Tuesday or Wednesday—I will not be certain—my husband was at home at the time—we had lodgers at the time—one is the widow of a Mr. Talfrey, who was a judge in India—my husband was in and out on Thursday—he is in and out from morning till night—but I was at the top of the house, and he was at the bottom—I slept

at the top of the house that night, and he slept on a sofa below, as he had the gout—the prisoner had only been in the house a few days—we took her out of charity, and she behaved extremely ill to us.





SAUL SOLOMON

re-examined. I do not know the writing on this note—it is the name and address of my employer's brother, at 5, Sparrow corner—it was his boy I sent to change the note at the Bank.
(Martha Clark, wife of a shoemaker, Churchway, Somers-town; Margaret Murray, Paradise-street, Marylebone; Garret Bury, carpenter, London-wall; James Brennell, Tailor, Middlesex-street, Somers-town; and Ann Leonard, widow, Gray's Inn-lane, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.—Recommended to the Penitentiary.
