





1674. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 1 seal, value 2l.; 1 key, value 6d.; 1 purse, value 2s.; 1 sovereign and 14 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James Watson 
                           Bell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. CHURCHILL conducted the prosecution.
JAMES WATSON BELL. I am captain of a vessel
. I had been spending the evening out, on the 14th of July, with some friends near town, and coming to my lodging, about twelve o'clock, I met the prisoner who asked for something to drink - I refused some time, but at last I said, "If you can find a house open I will give you some" - we went to a house; she had three glasses of spirits, and I had some porter - we came out, and I went on to Wellington-square


; I was very unwell, and missed my watch - I went to the house we had been at: the landlady got a Policeman; I have no doubt the prisoner is the person, but I could not swear to her - this is my watch; I am certain I had it in the public-house.


                  CHARLES 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I received this watch from the prisoner - the prosecutor came two days afterwards; when the prisoner brought it she said it was her own, and she said so at the office till the prosecutor came, and then she said the prosecutor gave it to her to make money of; she said it had been her son's for seven or eight years, and she had a youth with her whom she called her son - she came to my shop two days afterwards, and was detained.


                  GEORGE 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner - she said it was her husband's watch before she knew him, and she had known him fourteen or fifteen years - she said her son was going to sea, and as he had no money, she pawned the watch for 10s. and gave him 5s. - she said at the office that Bell gave it her.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that she had known the prosecutor for four years, and that he had given her the watch to pledge.
MR. BELL. I never saw her before, on my oath.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
