





1410. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GOODGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of April
, 1 gown, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Matthews
               




             and another.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAM BLUETT
               



            . I am shopman to John Matthews and 
               
                  Leonard 
                  Clare Matthews
               



            ; they are pawnbrokers
. The prisoners has been a customer there; he came on the 19th of April - I was standing behind the counter, and heard a noise, as if there was something tearing; I went round the counter to the prisoner, and saw him taking a gown away - it had hung, on a nail: he was putting it up in his arm, and was in the act of taking it away; it had caught by a nail in taking it down, and had torn; I followed him into the court - he had come in by the back door; when he saw me coming towards him, he dropped the gown in the passage; he did not carry that into the court - I followed, and asked what business he had to take that gown; he said, "You don't mean to say such a thing of me;" I laid hold of him, and sent for the officer, to whom I gave the gown - I had seen it safe a few minutes before.
GEORGE OLLEY. I live in Wellington-street, Pentonville, and am a lint-maker. I was in the shop, and saw the prisoner enter; he enatched the gown from a nail - it caught on another nail; I called to the witness, and went for the Policeman; I did not see the prisoner drop it; he appeared in liquor.
WILLIAM PERRY (Police-constable G 25). I received the prisoner in charge; he struggled very hard, and when he could not get away, he pretended to be drunk, but I really think that he was quite sober.
Prisoner. I was going to get a handkerchief out of pledge; I had drank rather more than did me good, and stumbled, and caught the gown to save myself - I then fell out again.


                  GEORGE 
                  OLLEY
               



            . I saw him snatch the gown, but I could not see his face; the gown fell on the other nail, and then I saw him give another tug at it.
JURY. Q. Did you see him take it off the nail? A. Yes; he had a duplicate of a handkerchief in his hand - there is a sort of lobby at the door which he entered by; and in that lobby he dropped the gown, two or three yards from where it had hung; I saw him twisting it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
