



606. 




WILLIAM JAMES WOOD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the
 2nd of January, 2 hats, value 1l. 18s.; and 2 hat-boxes, value 1s.; the goods of 



James Pitt and another.






JOHN THOMAS STABLIER
. I was fourteen years old last September. I live with my father, and am in the service of Mr. James Pitt and his partner, hatters, in York-street, Covent-garden—on the evening of the 2nd of January, between half-past eight and nine o'clock, I was in my masters' shop, and the prisoner came in—he asked the price of the very best hats—my master said 19s. 6d.—he asked to try one on, which he did, and that fitted—be then asked to try on another of a different shape, and that fitted also—he then asked my master to get them ready, and he would call in five minutes—he said he wanted them to show to his father, and which his father liked he should have—he then called and asked my master to let me go with the hats to Long-acre—as we were going along, the prisoner told me his father kept two houses, one in Long-acre, and one in Carnaby-street, and if he was not in one, I must go to the other—when we got to Long-acre, the prisoner told me to give him the hats, which I did, and he went into Mr. Clark's public-house—I followed him in at the door, as I thought there was something wrong—he went up the passage, and I heard Mr. Clark's son call out "Stop thief!"—I believe the prisoner threw the hats away—he was taken into custody—he had said he would bring me the money down, and one of the hats, and keep the one his father approved of—they were to be sold for ready money—I let him have them, believing he was going to take them in to his father.

Prisoner. Q. Can you state whether I went into the tap-room or the parlour? A. No, I did not see you go into a room—I saw you go along

the passage—you did not try on four or five hats at my master's—you only tried on two—you did not ask me the price of them, you asked my master.





JAMES CLARK
. I live with my father, who keeps the Swan public-house in Long-acre—there is a passage goes through the house to a stable-yard, which leads to St. Martin's-lane—on the evening of the 2nd of January, I was in the yard, and saw the prisoner come through the bottom end of the passage near the yard, with two hat-boxes in his hand—he came into the yard, and turned towards St. Martin's-lane—I followed him, to know what he wanted, as he was a stranger—he turned back, dropped the boxes, and ran into the public-house again, towards Long-acre—I followed him, and he was stopped at the bar—the officer came and took bin.

Prisoner. Q. What length is your yard? A. I cannot fell, it may be 100 yards—I cannot tell whether the hats were knocked from your hand, or whether you dropped them—there was a fly in the yard—you ran against a man—you were about ten yards from me When you dropped them—I took them up, and followed you—as I stooped to pick them up, you turned into the house again—I cannot tell whether you went into any room—you came through the passage when I saw you.





BENJAMIN MILLER
 (police-constable T 110.) I went and found the prisoner surrounded by some persons in the Swan public-house—the prisoner said it was all a mistake—that the hats were for his brother, and he wished me to go back with him to Mr. Pitt's shop—I took him to the station-house—there was no money found on him—he did not tell me he wanted to show the bats to his father, but his brother.

Prisoner's Defence. I had met my father at the Swan, and he sent me for the hats—when I returned to the Swan, not seeing my father, I went to the back of the house to look for him—a man ran against me in the passage, and knocked them out of my hand—I went to the bar to complain of what had happened, and was taken in charge—my father being a commercial traveller, left town next day, without knowing what had happened, and I had no means of informing him.




GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin

