



1593. 




FREDERICK HAWKES NOTTIDGE



 was indicated for feloniously forging, on the 
23rd of May, an order for the payment of £2, with intent to defraud 



Caroline Jeffrey—2nd COUNT for uttering the same with the like intent—2 other COUNTS stating the intent to be to defraud 



Felix Calvert Ladbroke, and others.






CAROLINE JEFFERY
. I live in Duke-street, St. James's. I knew the prisoner—he gave me the name of Hawkes Nottidge, when I first saw him—I saw him on Monday, the 23rd of May—I had seen him three weeks before, when he called at my house to look at my apartment—on the 23rd of May, he asked me to allow him to go into a room to wait, because he had appointed to meet a person at my house from Ludgate-hill, who was to brings a gold watch and chain at two o'clockhe then said, he had come out in the morning with only 5l. of him, and he had no more money left in his who had borrowed this 5l. of him, and he had no more money left in his pocket—that his young friend had promised to let him have it again in half an hour, but he had spent it at a gambling house, and h had no time to go into the City to get any more money from the bank that day—he asked me for pen, ink, and paper, which I gave him, and then he asked me if I would allow my servant to go into the neighbourhood to get a cheque cashed for him for £2 allowed her to go—he drew the cheque for £2 (looking at it) that is it—I known it because it is the same date—it appears to be the same that h drew—I left it with the Magistrate when I was examined my servant took out the cheque—I read it before she took it—he handed it tome, and I gave it to my servant—she took it to Mr. Blockey, a wine merchant—She returned in about five minutes, and brought two sovereigns, which I gave to the prisoner—he then wrote another cheque for £20, (looking at one) this is it—he gave it to me, and begged me to pay it away for the gold watch and chain, when the person brought them from Ludgate-hill, as he had not time to stay, and he would call the following morning for it, and I was to take a receipt—he then gave me his address, "Fendall's Hotel, Palace-yard, Westminster"—that was in own writing—this is the paper (looking at one)—his name is Hawkes Nottidge Calvert on this paper—he wrote that—the man did not call with the watch, and the cheque was never paid away—I went to Fendall's Hotel in the evening, having suspicion, and made inquiries—they did not know any such person as the prisoner there, but they knew the name—they had letters which they had taken in for him—I went to the bankers next morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When he called on you before,

he told you his name was Nottidge? A. He had told me in words that his name was Nottidge, but I had almost forgotten it—I have lost 2l. by the transaction—his father certainly came and offered me the money, and pressed me to take it—I have not got it—I refused the money—he wished me to give a letter in to the Magistrate—the foreman, or his master, Mr. Nottidge, has got the money—I did receive it—he forced it on me.

COURT. Q. Who did?. A. Mr. Nottidge, the father.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Before it was forced on you, and after you had made the inquiries you mention, did you ask the prisoner for the that 2l? A. I saw the account of the prisoner being confined, and I went to Tothill-fields with a friend, and saw him—I said, if he would pay me the 2l. I had no wish to proceed against him—I did not say, I was convinced he did not mean to defraud me, nor any thing of the sort—I did not know whether it was a forgery, or anything of the sort—I thought it would be a great trouble to prosecute him—he said his father would pay me the two sovereigns—I went there because I wished to get the money—I never said I did not belive he intended to defraud me—it must have been his intent to defraud, or he would not have drawn the cheque—I swear, to the best of my knowledge, that I did not say so—I never told him any thing of the sort—I did not say I was sure he did not intend to wrong me, or any thing of that sort—it is clear he did it to get the 2l.—he asked me to sent the cheque into the neighbourhood to get change—he told me his father would pay, and I went to his father to get the two sovereigns—I did not see him—I saw his wife—it was at No. 225, I think, Blackfriars-road—I saw a person named Harding there.

Q. Did you tell Harding you were sure the prisoner did not mean to defraud you? A. No, I did not, or any thing to that effect—I am quite sure of that I said if the father paid the money, I did not wish to proceed against him—I had no wish to appear against him—that was after what I had read in the paper—I did not see the father, and did not get the 2l.—I did not call again—I said, if the two sovereigns were sent to me, I should not appear on the Tuesday following—I said that at the father's—it was on Saturday—I do not know the day of the month—I had not lodged any complaint against the prisoner then—I left my address with Mr. Harding and the mother, and not hearing, I went before the Justice.

Q. Would you have gone before the Magistrate on Tuesday if you had got your 2l? A. Certainly not—the 2l. was forced upon me the last time that he was brought before the Magistrate at Bow-street, which was last Tuesday week, I think—it was Saturday week that the father came to my house do offer the 2l.—I appeared twice before the Magistrate before the father came—I did not sent any intimation to the father that I desired to have the 2l. between the first and second times that I went before the Magistrate—he came to my house on the Saturday week, offering it to me if I would give a note, addressing the Magistrate, and requesting to have the cheque back again, that I might give them to Mr. Nottidge as a receipt for the two sovereigns.

Q. Did you, when the father called on the Saturday week, ask him for part of the money? A. No, I asked nobody for part of the money—I told Mr. Nottidge I could not think of giving him any writing to the Magistrate, but I had no objection to go to my solicitor to ask whether I should do wrong in receiving the two sovereigns—I promised to meet him outside the solicitor's door—I told him, my solicitor said he thought I should not do wrong in talking the two sovereigns—the solicitor was not present—Mr.

Nottidge then wished me to go to his solicitor—in consequence of what my solicitor told me I received that two sovereigns for half an hour, I think—I received them into my hand—he forced them into my hand.

COURT. Q. What do you call forcing it? A. After consulting my solicitor, I said I had no wish to take the two sovereigns, as I was fearful of doing wrong—my solicitor said I might receive it, but he said I should go to the Magistrate, and tell him what I had done—he forced it—I afterwards considered of it, and thought I had better not take it—I received it into my hand.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. That is what you called being forced on you? A. Yes—I said I was obliged to proceed, and the two sovereigns were to be taken back again—we separated very shorty after, and I went home—this happened in the street—I went to call on Mr. Blockey, and he went to the Magistrate's office with me—I had got the money with me in my glove—I put it there—it was not forced into my glove—Mr. Nottidge pressed me to take it, and put it into my hand—I do not think I put my hand out to take it.

Q. As far as you were concerned, did you not intend to abandon all prosecution against the prisoner? A. Yes, if I could do so without any injury—it was partly out of felling for the father, and partly because I wished my money back—I did not ask the prisoner for 5s. at Tothill-fields. nor for any part—I said, if he paid me the whole I would not appear against him—I was not to part with the £20 cheque unless the man brought the watch and chain—nobody came, and I did not part with it—before I saw the Magistrate I went in pursuit of the father, to give the money back again, as I thought I had better not take it—the father refused it and I gave it to his clerk—I then went and told the Magistrate what I had done.

COURT. Q. When was the prisoner apprehended? A. I do not know the day of the month—he did not mention what shop the watch was to come from—he said from Ludgate-hill—I was at home all day, until eight o'clock in the evening, when I went I went to Fendall's Hotel—he gave me the cheque about three o'clock—before that time I can undertake to say nobody called—there is no watchmaker from Ludgate-hill here.





GEORGE BLOCKEY
. I am a wine-merchant, and live in Duke-street, St. James's I believe this to be the cheque that was presented to me by Miss Jeffery's servant—I paid the cheque to Cox and Biddulphs, my bankers, that day—I only received one cheque of that description—I believe this to be the same—I did not read it, to notice that there was no payee except the bearer—I had no suspicion of it—I should not have cashed it without knowing the parties—I did not write on it at all—there is "Lordbroke" written across it, but I did not do that—my name is written across the back of it—I think that was done by my bankers.





JAMES HARDING
. I live in Penton-place, Kennington, and am clerk to Felix Calvert Ladbroke, and Co., bankers, in Bank-buildings. On the 24th of May, the draft now produced was presented at their house—it purports to be signed, "H. Calvert"—no such person banks at our house—the prisoner had no account there—the clerk of Messrs. Cox and Co. presented the draft—I believe he is not here—I do not know the hand-writing of the draft—I wrote on it"Do not know on whose account drawn"—the £20 cheque was presented at the same time.





JOHN HARDING
. I am a surveyor, and live in Exmouth-place, Commercial-road, East. I have known the prisoner about nine months, and

his family—he went by the name of Frederick Hawkes Nottidge—he was called so in his family—his father's name is George Nottidge—I never knew the prisoner bear any other name—I know his hand-writing—I believe this £2 draft and this direction (looking at them)to be his handwriting—I am perfectly acquainted with it.

Cross-examined. Q. Have You never known him go by the name of Calvert? A. Never—I was present when Miss Jeffery came to his father's house, for the purpose of getting her money—I heard her state, three or four times, that she was convinced the prisoner had no intention to defraud her—the prisoner is respectably connected.

COURT. Q. What did she state three or four times? A. That she did not believe the prisoner had any intention of defrauding her of the money. or words to that effect—she was speaking of the £2 draft—the other was produced.

MR. CLARKSON
to
MISS JEFFERY, Q. Did you ever say you did not believe the prisoner intended to defraud you of the £2? A. I never said so—I had a witness with me at the time, who I think, if he was sent for, would prove I did not say so.

COURT. Q. Was any thing said about the £20? A. No—that was not given with intent to defraud me—I am not positive whether I expressed any opinion of that—I cannot say what passed about the £20—the £20 was mentioned, and I think I might have said that was not given with any intention to defraud me—It was merely given me that I might have no suspicion about the £2—I thought it was merely given me as a colour, not with any intention to defraud any one—I said no man called, and I believed no man would call with the watch—I thought it was not meant to be circulated—I never said there was no intention to defraud me by the £2 cheque.





JOHN HARDING

re-examined. Q. Was it in reference to the cheque of £2, she said she believed the prisoner had no intention to defraud her? A. With regard to the £2, and not the other, I am positive of it.

COURT. Q. Her observation was, she believed his intention was not to defraud her? A. Of the £2—the words were specifically used in one instance, "of the £2"—to the best of my recollection, her first statement was, she had come on unpleasant business with regard to Mr. Nottidge's son—that he had drawn a cheque on her for £2. requesting her to get the cash of some person in the neighbourhood—she said, she sent out to a neighbour, by her servant, and got the money—that the prisoner stated his reasons for wanting the £2 was, that he had brought out a £5 note is his pocket, which he had lent to a friend who had lost it in a gaming-house—that he had not time to go into the City to get more and he wished her to lend him £2, or get £2 for him—he wanted it expressly for immediate use that evening—that she got the £2 from Mr. Blockey, handed the money to the prisoner, and he left her the draft which she then produced, of £20, stating he expected a person to call with a gold watch, chain, and seals, and if it came, to take the watch for him, and take a receipt—but she did not think he had any intention of tricking her out of the £2, for she believed him too respectable at the time, to do any thing of the kind—that she did not believe even now, that he meant to cheat her of the money—that she did been to Tothill-fields, and had seen him, that he had given her an order for his father to pay the money, which she produced, and if his father would pay the money she had no wish to take any further steps—I replied, that I did not believe his father would do any thing of the kind—she said well she would leave it

for the present, if the money was sent to her either on or before Tuesday she would not proceed, and three or four times over, she said she could not think he meant to cheat her out of the money—the money has since been handed to me.





CAROLINE JEFFERY

re-examined. Q. You have heard that gentleman's evidence—he had gone through the details of the conversation, and says, you stated three or four time over, you could not think he meant to cheat you of the money? A. I never mentioned the words—I positively deny using a word of that sort about the £2 cheque—Mr. Lamb, an opposite neighbour was with me—I am positive he would remember the circumstance and what I said. (Draft read.)





CHARLES SHAW
. I am head waiter at Fendall's hotel, Palace-yard, Westminster. I know the prisoner by sight—I saw him first about five or six weeks from the time of my examination—he made several calls at our hotel—he inquired if a note or letter was left there for a gentleman of the name of Nottidge—I introduced him to the bar, and he received a letter so addressed—I never knew him by any name except Nottidge—he asked for the letters of that name and said they were for himself—he never lodged at the hotel or took any refreshment there, but one glass of wine, to my knowledge.





JOHN SUMNER
 (police-constable F 137). The prisoner was given into my charge, in Little Queen-street, by a gentleman named Osmond, who keeps a Coffee-house in the Strand—I have produced the two cheques and the address here—I received them from Miss Jeffery—they are the same she produced to the Magistrate.

MISS JEFFERY
re-examined. Mr. Blockey returned the £2 draft to me again and I paid him the two sovereigns—I merely sent the £20 draft to the bankers by a neighbour, and it was returned to me again—it was the same as I sent—I retained the address in my own possession.

MR. BLOCKEY
re-examined. I received the draft back from our bankers, and gave it to her—I believe it to be the same.





JAMES HARDING

re-examined. The cheque produced is the same as was produced at our house, it has my writing on it.





ELIZABETH HARVEY
 I was servant to the prosecutrix. I took this draft to Mr. Blockey's—I was not present when my mistress had it from the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you present at any time when the prisoner's father was there? A. No—I never heard her say she did not believe the prisoner intended to cheat her of the £2.
(Thomas Lunn, chemist, Aldersgate-street; Hugh Jones, Westmore-land-buildings, Aldersgate-street; Samuel Burton, lodging-house-keeper, Belle Sauvage-yard, Ludgate-hill; and Thomas Robinson, tallow-chandler and oilman, Hungerford-street, gave the prisoner a good character).




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Life.
