



966. 




MATTHEW WESTLAKE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
18th of March, at 
St. Pancras, 2 rings, value 10s.; 1 breast-pin, value 5s.; 19 soverigns, 23 half-sovereigns, 4 crowns, 30 half-crowns, 14 shillings, and 6 sixpences; the goods and monies of 



Edward Mayes, in his dwelling-house.






EDWARD MAYES
. I am a printer, and live at No. 42, Hadlow-street, St. Pancras—I have known the prisoner between three and four years. On Tuesday, the 18th of March, he came to my house, and said something about the duplicate of a coat—I was to go with him to the pawnbroker's, to see it—my wife went out while he was there, and I left him in the kitchen while I went after my wife; I was absent about half an hour—when I came back he was gone—I had a box in my kitchen the night before, a silk bag in it with money in it, and fifteen duplicates, two gold rings and a gold pin—I afterwards missed the bag and its contents—there was about 36l. in the bag when I saw it last—I had seen the property safe about three days before I left him in the house.

Cross-examined by
MR. CRESSWELL. Q. Have you another house in the same street? A. Yes, No. 9.—I let it out in tenements—I do not let it out to women of bad fame, that I am aware of—I do not keep any at my house, No. 42—I cannot swear it—I never asked them—I am not aware that any strangers come to see them—there are no ladies come but what lodge there—there are only two females in the house—some of the ladies live in one part of the house and some in the other—they never come down in the kitchen—they dine in their own apartments—they have the opportunity of coming into the kitchen.





ELIZABETH MAYES
. I remember the 18th of March, when the prisoner came to our house, about a quarter before three o'clock—he was to have come at two o'clock—I had a box in the kitchen at that time—I had opened it the evening before and took out 4s.;—there was near 40l. in it then—I cannot say exactly to a few shillings—it was in gold and silver—there were two gold rings, a gold pin, and fifteen duplicates—the box was locked when I went out—I was out about half an hour—I returned at about a quarter to three—I did not observe the box till a little after nine; it was

then unlocked—I examined it, and missed the bag, containing the money and other articles—I had never left the room between my coming in and nine o'clock—my servant had been down—no one could have taken it at that time without my knowledge—I locked it about half-past seven o'clock the evening before—I did not observe the state of the lock on the following morning.

Cross-examined. Q. At what time did you go out? A. About a quarter before three o'clock—I did not look at the lock after I locked it the night before—we had a lady and gentleman lodging in the house—they are man and wife, I suppose—we have two lodgers; one named Seeley, a tailor, and his wife; the other name Stanley, an attorney's clerk; they have friends come to see them—I cannot say whether any body called on then from the time I locked my box up—I believe they are respectable people—I am not aware that they are prostitutes—I never asked them the question—I should consider it wrong to do so.

COURT. Q. Are we to understand there are only two females in the house? A. Yes; but they are married females, for what I know; both the lodgers have their wives with them—(looking at the property) both these rings are mine, and these duplicates I can swear to being mine—these rings were in the bag with the money over night, and the duplicates.

MR. CRESSWELL. Q. What are they duplicates of? A. I cannot swear to every article; they are duplicates I have taken for a debt, to return them again—one is for a silk cloak, and snuffers and tray—three of them are in my own name—I know the ring, because in the hem of it the centre stone has been out, and I have had one set in it which is not exactly the same colour—we had a duplicate some time back of a great-coat—Westlake wanted us to get it out, but I never went after it.—I do not know whether it is here.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (police constable F 158.) I heard a cry of "Police," at the Boar and Castle, Oxford-street, about a quarter to three o'clock on the morning of the 19th of March—it was the prisoner crying out—the was a scuffle, and somebody gave him in charge for making a noise—he had a bundle under his arm, and was rather intoxicated—he was quite aware of what he was about, and what he said—he called a cab, to take him to Milton-street—I called him back, and asked if I should ride with him—he said, he had no abjection—I went from there with him to Milton-street, Euston-square—on the road, he burst into tears several times—I asked him what was the cause of his being so grieved—he said, he had been charged that night as a thief; and he said he was one—he said, he had robbed a friend of his, in Burton-crescent, of 29l. that day—about that time we had got to Milton-street—he knocked at No. 8, and asked if Mrs. Scott was at home—a woman in the area said she was locked up at the station—I said, "Sir, you had better go with me to the station"—we got into the cab again; and going down Little Albany-street, he put one shilling into my hand, and told me to go to the station and make it all right for him, if I possibly could—I did not know what he meant—I told him I would do all I could for him, and asked him what his wife was locked up for, as he said Mrs. Scott was his wife—he said it was on this robbery—he said, "Will you make it all right for me? I have fifteen sovereigns in my pocket, and I will give you one, if you will go to the station and make it all right"—I said, "I will do the best I can for you;" and with the one shilling he gave me, I left the cab, and went into the station—I ran into the station and called another man—I took the prisoner

into custody—I searched him, and found on him the whole of this property—he had a bundle under his arm, this ring on his little finger, this other ring in his pocket, and this silk bag in his great-coat pocket—I found nine shillings and seven-pence halfpenny on him; which, with the shilling he gave me, made ten shillings and seven-pence halfpenny—I founds card in his pocket, which made me go to Mr. Gurney—he said he had left eight pounds ten shillings there.





JOHN GURNEY
. I keep the Southampton Arms, Tottenham-court-road. The prisoner came to my house at about half-past eleven o'clock on the 18th of March he called for a pint of rum—I saw he was very tipsy, and had money in his hand—I pressed him to leave it with me—he left 8l. 10s. with me—I persuaded him to go home.





JAMES FELL
. I am chief clerk at Mary-le-bone office—the Magistrate's signature is to this examination (reads)—the prisoner says,"I was reduced in circumstances—that made me do it—I bought the shirts with part of the money."




GUILTY. Aged 24.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.




Transported for Life.
