





1396. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MALONEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of May
, 1 hat, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Day
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  DAY
               



            . I live in Gray's Inn-lane - my father is a cow-keeper. On the 19th of May, at a quarter after twelve o'clock at night, I was going through West-street


; the prisoner and another young man came up to me; I had a smock-frock on - the prisoner knocked me down; my mouth bled terribly - the prisoner then took my hat off, put another hat on me, and went away: I met him again near Saffron-hill; I saw him go into Black Buy-alley; I saw he had my hat on his head - I said, "I know you:" he struck me again, and I fell against a shutter; I had had no quarrel with him - when he first saw me he said,"There is a yokle," meaning a countryman.


                  MICHAEL 
                  RYAN
               



            . I am a watchman. About a quarter before two o'clock on Saturday morning the prosecutor came and asked if I was a watchman - I said Yes; hesaid, "I wish you had been here an hour ago;" I soon afterwards saw the prisoner and another young man near Black Boy-alley - they knocked the prosecutor down two or three times; he sang out Police! and I then thought it my duty to go out of the City into the County - I went and took them both, but I was forced to let the other go; I took the prisoner, and took this hat from him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WELLS
               



             (Police-constable G 79). I heard the watchman spring his rattle; I came down West-street- I took this hat from the prisoner; the prosecutor said it was his, and that the prisoner had taken it off his head, and put an old one on - the prisoner said he bought it.
Prisoner's Defence. The gentleman I bought it of is here.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BARNETT
               



            . I live in Field-lane, at the bottom of Holborn-bridge. The prisoner bought a hat of me last Monday week; I could point it out from a hundred - this is the hat; it is a very singular one - it is a silk hat, and narrow in the crown; the shape of a man's head has brought it to its present from - we generally have a mark in them, but when we sell them we take it out; I know this hat, by the white trimming; I am positive it is the one I sold the prisoner - it is a fashionable hat; it was quite flat when I sold it, such as a coachman or a cab-driver would swear, from the heat of the body, but a beaver hat would not - I bought it of a lad who was apprentice to a man who was a bankrupt, at the corner of Plumtree-court- he made it for himself five or six weeks ago; I sold it to the prisoner for a crown - I did not know him before.
JAMES HILDRED. I live in Field-lane, next door to Mr. Barnett. I saw him sell the prisoner a hat between eleven and twelve o'clock last Monday week - I did not know the prisoner, but I happened to be present; it was sold in the lane - I believe this is the hat.
JURY to 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  DAY
               



            . Q. How long has your father lived in Gray's Inn-lane? A. About eight months - I live with him; I have been brought up to his business, which is the trunk business - I bought my hat this day fortnight, in Romford-market; there is no name in it but my own, which I put in at the office - I knew at the hat again when the prisoner came down the alley.


                  MARY 
                  DAY
               



            . I am the prosecutor's mother. This is my son's hat, I believe; he came home in this old one, and I said, "Where is your hat?" he said, "Never mind, it is all right" - I scolded him for buying this hat; he said he gave 6s. for it, and bought it to save his bettermost one - his father said he had bought the hat too large, and he might have let him gone with him.


                  GEORGE 
                  DAY
               



             re-examined. I was sober; I had been to Smithfield with a cow for my father - I was going back, and a young man with the prisoner came and said, "Give us something to drink," and he shook my frock; I said I had no money, it was my father's money, and the prisoner said "Stun him"
Prisoner. I was going home from an evening diversion, and the prosecutor was standing against a post - he said,"I have lost two sovereigns, and I have got to pay it tomorrow morning," and he said, "I have a bit of paper here;" he took a bit out of his hat; I took it, and put it under my feet - he struck me, and I struck him; we had five or six rounds.


                  GEORGE 
                  DAY
               



            . I had lost two sovereigns, but he had heard that since; I had to go next day to Guildhall about a young woman.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
