






608. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILDES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JOHNSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of February
, 1 coat, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Riley
                  




               
            .


                  ELLEN 
                  RILEY
               



            . I am the sister of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Riley
               



             - he is a tailor
. On the 7th of February the prisoner Johnson came to the shop and asked for employment - I merely answered No; in about ten minutes Wildes came in, and asked the same question - I was in the act of answering him, when he placed his hand upon a coat which was on a chair before the counter, and made off with it - I flew to the door and called Stop thief! or something to that effect; I returned to the shop; the coat and Wildes were brought back - Johnson had left before Wildes took it.


                  ROBERT 
                  SUSELL
               



            . I live in Arbour-square, Commercial-road. On the night of the 7th of February, I heard the alarm - I saw Wildes running; I pursued, and he was stopped in my night - I laid hold of him and he threw down this coat, which I produce; I took him and the coat back to the shop - on his way to the station he said if he had got clear off with it, he should have pawned it, and he intended to go on the tramp - Johnson followed us all the way; I asked what he wanted, and he said he had as much to do with the coat as the other, for they were both acting together.


                  EDWARD 
                  RILEY
               



            . I keep this shop at No. 61, Ratcliffe highway. On the 7th of February I left this coat on a chair in my shop - I know it to be mine.


                  JOHN 
                  SCASE
               



             (Police-constable 51 K). Johnson came to the station - I asked what brought him there, he said he merely, came to give himself up, as he was as much concerned with the coat as the other.
Wildes. For the last eighteen months we have travelled all through South Wales in search of work, and have been unsuccessful - we were in the greatest distress, and had parted with our scissors, the last things we had.
WILDES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JOHNSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
