



2055. 




HENRY SOLOMON, alias
 Palmer

, was indicted

for stealing, on the 
21st of August, at 
St. Giles-in-the-Fields 2 pieces of cloth, value 1d.; 63 sovereigns, 2 half sovereigns 12 half crowns 90 shillings, and 700 sixpence; the goods and monies of 



Mary Ann Williamson, in the dwelling house of 



Henry Lee.



MR. CLARKSON
conduced the Prosecution.






MARY ANN WILLIAMSON
. I am in the service of Mr. Lee, who keeps the Hercules' Pillars, in Great Queen-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields and have been so about four months. On Wednesday the 17th of August, my father was in a very bad state of health, and sent for me—he lived at No.7, Richardson's buildings, Goswell-street—I went to him, with my sister, and he gave me sixty three sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and £22 in silver, and a few shillings over—there were about 700 sixpences among it, as near as I can guess—he gave it me, and said if he should die I was to divide it between my self and my sister—I brought it away to my place, at the Hercules' Pillars, on the Friday, and acquainted my mistress of it—I took it up stairs, and put it on my clothes at the top of my box—it was in a dirty piece of linen rag, or calico—the gold was wrapped in a piece of calico rag by itself, and the rag was either linen or calico which the silver was in—I put it into my box, locked it, and put the key underneath the box, were I always kept it, that was in my bed room—the prisoner was living in Mr. Lee's service when I first went there—he occupied the room opposite mine, on the same floor—he continued there till the Friday when I brought home my money—he is a journeyman baker, out of employment, and used to clean the windows and knives in the house, and do odd jobs, for the sake of his victuals—my father died on Saturday the 12th of August—on the following Monday I went to my box to get some money out, and missed it—I found the key were I had placed it—I opened the box, and all the gold and silver was gone—I afterwards saw the piece of calico rag, and knew it again—I am sure it was the same—Mr. Lee's house is in the parish of St. Giles-in-the-fields.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you tell any body else of having the money besides your mistress? A. Mistress and master's sister saw it—I did not tell the pot-boy of it.





CHARLES CHART
. In August last, I was pot boy at the Hercules Pillars. I know the prisoner very well, we slept in the same bed—on the Sunday before the money was lost, I was cleaning my self, up in my bed-room, at half past twelve o'clock and the prisoner came up to me, and asked me if Mary had not got some money—I said I believed she had, but I could not say—he then asked me if I knew where it was—I told him I did not, and I did not want to know—he then asked if I would not help him in opening her eye for it—I tod him no, I did not want the poor girl's money, I had got wages of my own without hers—he laughed, and I went down stairs and he followed me in about five minutes after—mistress gave him his dinner that Sunday—I saw him again at six o'clock in the evening in the tap room—I heard somebody coming down stairs and walk along the passage, and it happened to be the prisoner—he came into the tap room to me—he asked me to lend him twopence that day—I told him I had not got it—he then went to the bar, and asked mistress to trust him a pint of beer, which she did—I did not see any thing of him after that—he did not sleep in the house that night—he told me, when he was going out, if he did not come in about eleven o'clock or half past, he should have it job, and not to expect him—I forgot to state that at the office.

Cross-examined. Q. What did opening her eye mean? A. I thought it meant would I take it out of her box—he said nothing about the box—I

had heard out of doors that she had money, but I would not believe it—I thought he meant would I help him take it—I did not tell my master of of it—I thought it a joke.





HENRY STARLING
. I am a journeyman baker, in the service of Mr. Bennett, of George-street, and live in Colville-court, Charlotte-street, Fitzray-square. I lived fellow-servant with the prisoner—on Sunday, the 20th of August, the prisoner, came to my room about eight o'clock in the evening—I was in bed—he sat on the bed—my wife came into the room, and he then asked me if I would have some beer—I said I did not mind if I did—he proposed that my wife should fetch some, and gave her 6d—as soon as she left the room he locked the door—my wife rattled the door and came in, and said there was some secrecy going on, and he would know what it was before she left—the prisoner said it was no consequences; he had got a little money sent to him and he wanted to have it counted—with that, he went and fetched the beer himself—when he came back he took the money out of his hat—it was silver, wrapped in something, I cannot say what—he and I counted it on the table—here was above 20l. and the greater part sixpences—he said, "I have some gold yet, and turned that out of his pocket—after counting the silver, it was put up in paper parcels, of 1l. each—he was going to tie the papers with a handkerchief—my wife said she would give him a bag, and they were put into the bag—after that he produced some gold from his breeches pocket, wrapped in a piece of cloth or rag—that was counted, and was above 60l—he tied that up in the cloth again, and put it into his pocket—he said, "I am going out of town; I have got some tickets, and will leave them with you "—I said, "It is of no use your leaving them with me; I have some of my own I do not know what to do with"—he said, "I will leave you some money to get them out with; "and he left me 5l. in silver—I asked when he should be back—he said he did not know; he should be sure to find out where I was, and would call on us—my wife asked where he got the money from—he said "Don't trouble about that I had it sent me"—my wife wished me to have nothing to do with it; but he said, "Nonsense! I tell you I had the money sent me"—he then left the room, and I saw no more of him—I delivered the 5l. which he gave me to Mr. Bennett, on the Wednesday; but I told him of it on the Monday evening, and said he could have it them.

Cross-examined. Q. Your wife heard the whole? A. Yes





ARCHIBALD MCPHERSON
. I keep the Sawyer's Arms Marylebone-lane. On Sunday evening the 20th of August about ten o'clock the prisoner came to me, and asked if I wanted any silver—I said I did not—I never saw him before—he went out, and about half and hour afterwards walked into the tap-room—the waiter took him pint to ale, and brought me 3d. for it—in five or ten minutes the waiter came and said something to me and brought me 3l. of silver, wrapped in pieces of newspaper—I gave him sovereigns, for it—after the prisoner drank the ale, in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, he, and another person whom I never saw before, walked out—about ten minutes after, the prisoner returned and asked if I wanted any more silver, I that said, I did not; I had changed him 3l. before, but if he wished for any more gold, I did not mind taking 1l. or 2l. more of him—I took 1l. in shillings, and 1l. in sixpences, and gave him one sovereigns and two half-sovereigns—he afterwards pulled out a bag, and was counting out 60l. in gold on the counter—I looked at him—he counted it out in 10l. parcels—I saw six parcels of gold, which appeared 10l. each, and he asked me to give him ten sovereigns for 10l. in silver, and he would

give me 10s. for doing—three or four persons came into the house at the time, and I said I thought he had better put the money into his pocked—I saw him try to put in—he was unable to do so, and helped him—after that he wanted some gin—I did not let him have it—I allowed him a bottle of ginger beer—he was going to leave the house—I followed him to the door, and saw Everett, the policeman—I told him my suspicions and he took him.

Cross-examined Q. He was so tipsy as not to be able to put the money into his pocket? A. He did not appear tipsy, but so agitated as not to be able to do it—certainly was not sober—I refused to give him liquor, because I thought he had drank too much already.





WILLIAM EVERETT
 (police constable D 100.)—On the Sunday night I was opposite Mr. M'Pherson's public-house, and in consequence of what he said, I took the prisoner to the station-house—in order to get him there I pretended to be desirous of getting him a night's lodging—when I got him to the station-house I searched him—when he found where I had got him, he said, "D—your eyes, you have trepanned me and I won't go in there"—I got him in and found seventy-two sovereigns, four half-sovereigns, 8l. 1s. and fivepence in copper on him—the principal part of the silver was in sixpences—I asked him know he came by the money—he said "That is my business, I have not committed any felony"—I asked him his name, he said, "That is my business "—he gave the name of Henry Palmer next morning, and as I took him to be office, he gave me the name of Henry Soloman, and said. "I suppose you mean to lock me up, but don't be too hard with me"—he referred me to Mr. Bennett of George-street for his character—I had said we should no lock him up if the money was his own—he said Mr. Bennett of George-street would show the money was his own if I went to him—I gave it to Mr. Thomas the inspector.

Cross-examined Q. You took him considering him incapable of taking care of himself? A. Yes no body had given him un charge—I have ascertained that Mr. Bennett known him.





WILLIAM THOMAS
. I am inspector of the D division I produce seventy-two sovereigns and four half sovereigns in a rag as I received, it, and 8l. 1s. in silver—there are 224 sixpences among it—it was lying on the table, and this blue bag by it, when I received it—when the prisoner was at the station-house on Sunday night, I asked him about the money, but he refused to answer my question—on the following morning I went to him, called him out of the cell, and said, Will you account for the possession of the money?"—he said it was his own—he had received it from two solicitors in the City—I asked him their names—he could no tell me, and said he did not know where they lived—I received £5 in silver from Bennett—there are 111 sixpence among that—the Hercules' Pillars is in the parish of St. Giles in the Fields.





MARY ANN WILLIAMSON

re-examined. This is the rag in which I received the gold from my father, and it was in my box.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you remember seeing that rag before the Magistrate? A. Yes I knew it when I saw it, and swore to it.

JURY. Q. What situation do you hold in the house? A. A place of all work—I never attend the bar.





ELIZABETH WILLIAMSON
. I am the prosecutrix's sister. I was with her at my father's, when he handed over the money to her—I saw the money myself—it was in gold and silver—there were a great many sixpence amongst it—my father died on the Saturday.

(Thomas Brawley, a baker, of Bristol, gave the prisoner good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 28—


Transported for Life.
