



514. 




WILLIAM LAYTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of January, 1 pocket-book, value 6d.; and 1 sovereign; the goods and monies of 



William Henry Bendel, from the person of 



Elizabeth Bendel.






ELIZABETH BENDEL
. I am the wife of William Henry Bendel. I was at Billingsgate market, on the 29th of January, with my husband, about a quarter to six o'clock in the morning—I had a pocket-book in my side pocket, with one sovereign in it—it was quite dark—there was plenty of gas-light—I felt my shawl moved, as if somebody wag cutting it—I looked round three or four times, and saw the prisoner standing behind me—I was very busy purchasing fish—I moved aside, for him to go on, thinking it strange he should stand behind me—he walked on—I felt and missed my pocket-book—it could not have dropped—I called to my husband, and told him—he followed him to St. Mary's-hill—the prisoner had another man with him—as soon as he got to the dark part of the hill, he pulled out the pocket-book, and showed it to the other man—my husband stepped forward, and put his hand on the book, but by some means he wrenched it from him, and threw it over his shoulder—the sovereign fell out of it—this is the pocket-book and sovereign.





WILLIAM HENRY BENDEL
. I was at Billingsgate with my wife, I was standing at another stall—she called me—I went to her, and followed her across Thames-street—she pointed out the prisoner, and said he or his colleague had taken her pocket-book—I walked up St. Mary's-hill, and overtook them—the prisoner had the pocket-book in his hand—I put my finger on it, and said, "You have got my book"—he said, "How came it your book?"—I said, "Come back with me"—we walked a few paces—he then threw it over his shoulder—the sovereign rolled out—I let go of him, and took it up—he was seized immediately, and taken to the watch-house—I am certain he is the man.

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming in a direction towards St. Mary's-hill, not going from it—I was not in the market that morning.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
