





1966. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
, 4 glazed window-sashes, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Cock
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building
            ; against the Statute, &c.


                  GEORGE 
                  HURST
               



            . I know Mrs. Cock's house - it is empty. On the 21st of July I saw the prisoner within four or five yards of that house, at half-past seven o'clock in the morning, with the sashes on his shoulder - I told my father, and he was taken the same morning.


                  THOMAS 
                  SEAL
               



             (Police-constable G 145). I received information that the house had been broken into, and two men had been seen to leave it, and one of them carrying a number of sashes - I went one way, and saw the prisoner carrying these sashes; he went with them some distance, and then another man joined him; they then parted - I still followed the prisoner till he came near the station-house, and then I took him; he said a gentleman had given him 6d. to carry them to Bishopsgate-street.


                  MARY 
                  MOORE
               



            . I had the key of the house - I had shown it to a person, and in a few days after there was an alarm, and these sashes were missing.


                  MARY 
                  ANN WILSWORTH
               



            . The house is a leasehold-house, and belongs to my mother 
               
                  Mary 
                  Cock
               



            ; she is a widow - I have seen these sashes fitted to the frame; the house had been locked, and there were marks of a forcible entrance.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that a man, whom he had met at Islington, had employed him to carry the sashes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
