





1096. 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     ROGERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of May
, 2 brushes, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bott
                  




               
            .
JAMES BOTT. I am a brush-manufacturer
. On the 12th of May I was out, and on my return at eight o'clock I was told I had lost two white-wash brushes, which had been in my place when I went out; I cannot say these are them - I know I made these, but I cannot say whether I had sold them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I live opposite Mr. Botts. I was looking out at my window on the 12th of May, and saw the prisoner and two others go to the prosecutor's window - the prisoner took the two brushes, and gave them to another man, who ran away with them; I went over, and told the apprentice - we ran, and took the prisoner, who was walking on as if nothing was the matter; I told him what he had done - he did not deny it, but said to the apprentice "You know where I live, and can find me at any time - I will go and fetch them back;" I said, "Don't you mean to give him in charge?" he said,
"I don't know what to do," and he let him go, but the prisoner did not come back, as I understand - I went home; the apprentice and two or three more came to my house about ten o'clock, with the prisoner; I said that was him - the prisoner said he knew nothing of it; he then began to beg and pray that they would let him go, and said he would take us to where the brushes were; we went along - he said, "One of them is in pawn, and I have not enough by 6d. to get it out:" we went to the pawnbroker's, and while there the prisoner ran away.


                  ALFRED 
                  SMETHAM
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pawned this brush for 1s. 3d.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking up the street with two boys - one of them cut the brushes, and the other took them; this gentleman and another came and said I took them - I said No: the apprentice then said Cheney had them; I said if he had I could easily get them - at tenten o'clock I met the apprentice again, and he took me to the witness.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
