



366. 




ROBERT BURROWS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of December, 2 pairs of boots, value 22s., the goods of 



James William Barrier, his master.



MR. DOANE conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES WILLIAM BARRIER
. I am a bout and shoemaker: I have a shop in Burlington Arcade, Piccadilly. About October, 1835, the prisoner came into my service as shopman, and continued till this time—I missed articles from time to time, and communicated it to the prisoner—he denied it—I said, "It is an extraordinary thing, I cannot find out who is the thief"—he put me on my guard against the workmen, and I have discharged two of them—On the 30th of November a communication was made to me by my apprentice; in consequence of that I had search made at the pawnbrokers' on the 1st of December, and found a pair of Blucher boots and a pair of Wellingtons—I came back, and said to the prisoner, "I have been looking over the stock this morning, and miss a couple of pairs of boots out of the shop; they were here yesterday" (I had seen them the day before)—I said "Where did you go to?"—he said, "I went to such a place"—I said, "Did you take any boots any where else?"—he said, "No"—I then said, "I have got a thief about my concern, I hardly know who to suspect"—he said, "I can assure you, Sir, I never robbed you, whatever fault I may be guilty of"—I said, "Your own conscience is the best mentor; you and the pawnbroker must settle this"—I then said, "Who is this 'Jackson?'"—he said a friend of his—I said, "You and the pawnbroker must settle that," and I called one of my men to go and fetch a porter—I said, at "all events I will fix the offence on you"—he said, "For God's sake, for the sake of my poor mother, don't commit me, it is my first offence"—I had not given him any authority to take these.





DAVID HAYES
. I live in Crown-street, Soho. I formerly lived in the Arcade, and knew the prisoner—on the 30th I saw him in the streetthere was a person waiting for him, at the corner of Sherrard-street, with a bag in his hand—I was standing by—I did not hear any thing, but I saw the other man go into the pawnshop with a pair of boots—the prisoner waited outside—having seen this, I thought it my duty to tell one of Mr. Barrier's men.

Prisoner. Q. What time of night was it? A. About twenty or five and-twenty minutes to eight o'clock—I saw you give the boots to the man.





THOMAS DRISCOLL
. I live at Mr. Fleming's, pawnbroker, Brewer-street. These boots were pawned on the 1st of December, at half-past eight o'clock in the morning—I do not know by whom, but he gave his name "Jackson."





DAVID HATES

re-examined. It was not Mr. Fleming's that he went to.





JAMES WILLIAM BARRIER
. I saw my boots safe on the afternoon of the 30th of November.





WILLIAM JORDAN
. On the 1st of December I was in the prosecutors shop, when the conversation took place—I went to the pawnbroker's, and saw the boots—I went back, and said to Mr. Barrier, "What does he say?"—he said, "He acknowledges it, but says it is his first offence—the prisoner said, "Indeed it is, Sir, but if you will let me off this time, I will make you every compensation in my power."

Prisoner. The evidence of the boy is different to what he said before the Magistrate—he said that this pair of boots was the pair I gave that man, but he cannot swear to them.





DAVID HAYES
. They were like these—a pair of Bluchers.





JAMES WILLIAM BARRIER
. I was talking about these two pairs of boots and explained it to him—these are my property.

(William Roe, a currier and leather-cutter, of Ebury-street, Pimlico; Edward Leige, of Rupert-street, Haymarket, and Thomas Billings, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
