



586. 




PETER WIFFIN, alias
 Vivion

, was indicted

for stealing, on the 
26th of January, six yards of silk, value 18s., the goods of 



John Tucker, his master.






JOHN TUCKER
. I am a silk-printer, and live at Went Ham Abbey, in Essex, about five miles from town. I employed the prisoner for about eighteen or twenty months—he received upwards of two guiness a week—at Chirstmas I took stock, and found a deficiency of from 130 to 150 pieces of handkerchiefs—I took some steps to discover the property—six pieces were produced to me—they are part of, y property, in an unfinished the state, having only imperfectly gone through the process of manufacture, the work is entered in a book which is delivered to the workman, and by that he is paid—here is the book kept by the prisoner—it is in the writing of my clerk—there is an entry of the marks of the several pieces delivered out—I find some of the marks in this book correspond with the articles produced—No. 7 was given to the prisoner on the 26th of January, and that a Mr. Nathan's was given to the prisoner on the 26th of January, and that at Mr. Nathan's hands.





JOHN DAVID WADMAN
. I am clerk to Mr. Tucker, This is the book

on which I pay the prisoner for his work—I have an entry in the book, that corresponds in the mark with the piece produced—the article is not printed—the prisoner is a printer, and he has not printed it, which he should have done.





EDWARD NATHAN
. I am a pawnbroker, These seven handkerchiefs, or six yards of silk, were pledged with me on the 26th of January, by the prisoner, for 9s.—he gave his name J. Jones, lodger, Alfred-street—we thought it was finished silk.





JOHN TUCKER

re-examined. Q. Did you give the prisoner authority to take these off the premises to pint? A. No, never to take them of the premises—he is finished with every thing there to do them—he was paid for this us if he had done them, but we did not know but that he had left them hanging up to dry.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.
