





41. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KEEVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of December
, 1 bowl, value 1d., and 12s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Sharp
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  HIGGINS
               



            . I live at the One Tun, Hay-market


. I saw the prisoner coming out on the 1st of December, with the bowl in his hand, and the silver in it - he put the money into his pocket, and threw away the bowl - I cried Stop thief! and the lamp-lighter took him; I had seen him in the house for half an hour, but had not known him before.


                  LUCY 
                  SHARP
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Sharp
               



            . The prisoner and three more came to our house, the One Tun, and had two pots of beer - I had a bowl in my till in the bar; I missed it, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I had gone into the tap-room to take a quartern of gin - the other three were some time paying for it, that was while the prisoner took the bowl, but I did not see him; I do not know how much silver was in it - I had put a half-crown and a shilling in just before, and there were a good many sixpences.


                  HENRY 
                  CLITHEROE
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was brought back to the prosecutor's, and I went and took him there; I found this money on him, here is 12s.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOULD
               



            . I heard the cry of Stop thief! while I was in Panton-square; I saw the prisoner running, and stopped him - the bowl was picked up in the crowd, under the window.
Prisoner's Defence. This man stopped me, and the young woman came and said I had robbed her mistress of a bowl and some money; I said I had some money in my pocket, I believed 12s. or 14s. - I took it out, and the Policeman took it and marked it; he then took a crown-piece from me, which he gave me back.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOULD
               



            . He said he had only 5s., so help him God.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
