





107. 




JAMES STEBBINGS
 and 




WILLIAM SARLES
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of November, at St. George, 1 gelding, value 20l.; 1 set of harness, value 3l.; 1 cart, value 15l.; 15 casks, value 4s.; and 1400lbs. weight of butter, value 70l.; the goods of 



Thomson Webb: and 




JOHN COXSON



, for feloniously receiving 1 cask and 92lbs. weight of butter, part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MESSRS. BODKIN and BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





THOMSON WEBB
. I am a cheesemonger, and live in Tottenham-court-road. Just before the 11th of November I bought twenty-five quarter-casks of Mecklenburgh keel butter, at Brewer's Quay—on Friday the 11th of November I sent Peacock to fetch fifteen casks of it from the Caledonian, which laid at Brewer's Quay—I saw nothing of it afterwards.





THOMAS MURPHY
. I am clerk at Brewer's Quay. On Friday the 11th of November I delivered fifteen quarter-casks of butter to Mr. Webb's carman, out of the Caledonian—I saw them placed in the cart.





WILLIAM PEACOCK
. I am carman to Mr. Webb. On Friday the 11th of November I went to Brewer's Quay, and received the butter—three casks were on the copse, and twelve in the body of the cart—I drove towards Billingsgate, which is two or three minutes' walk from Brewer's Quay—I got there between two and three o'clock in the afternoon—a man then came up, and said something to me; in consequence of which I was induced to go back to Brewer's Quay—I backed my horse and cart into Billingsgate, and left in there—I was not gone above two or three minutes, and when I returned the horse and cart were gone—I found nothing at the Quay to detain me—I saw nothing of the horse and cart till next day, and then it had no butter in it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. At what time did you return and find the horse and cart gone? A. I was not gone above three minutes—I left my master's at half-past twelve o'clock, and missed it between two and three o'clock.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Are you speaking from recollection? A. I did not look at any clock.





JAMES COOK
. I am a police-sergeant. I apprehended the prisoner Sarles on Thursday the 17th of November, and tod him it was on suspicion of driving a stolen horse and cart down the Back-road to Sun Tavernfields—he said he did not—I took him on the road which leads to Sun Tavern-fields, in a direction to the station-house—we had to pass through a toll-gate the toll-collector was there, and he immediately said, "This is the lad who drove the horse and cart through"—Sarles then said, "I did drive it down by order of my master"—I asked him if he worked for Stebbings? and he said, "Yes"—he said Stebbings, his master, and another man, met him at Sun Tavern-fields with a van, and they drove it into the open space of ground, into an open field, and there his master (Stebbings)and another man unloaded the butter into the van: that they left the horse and cart in the open field, and proceeded back with the van to Cable-street, with the tubs in it—I did not ask him what time it was—he said he did not drive the van book.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How far is Sun Tavern-fields from Brewer's Quay? A. About a mile, I should think—it might be a

trifle more—I should not think it is a mile and a half—I could walk it very easily in twenty minutes—it may be a mile and a quarter.





CHARLES JOHN JONES
. I was collector of tolls at the New-road gate, near Cable-street. I know Stebbings's house in Cable-street, which is in the same line as Rosemary-lane—it is about five or six hundred yards from my gate, or rather more—a person driving from Stebbing's shop to Sun Tavern-fields would have to pass through my gate—I know Sarles—he drove a horse and cart through the gate about six o'clock that evening—I did not look at the clock, but it was about the time the policeman were coming on evening duty—the cart had three firkins on the top of the copse, like butter, and the body of the cart was full of the same casks, about three in a row—I am certain he is the person who was driving it—there was another man with him, who stayed and paid the toll—I have not seen that man since.





JOHN BURROWS
. I am a policeman. I know all the prisoners—I believe Sarles to be in Stebbings' employ—I have seen him frequently in the lane, for the last month, and have seen him many times in Stebbings' shop, in Cable-street, at work—he keeps a sheep's-head shop—I saw him there within two or three days of the robbery—on the evening in question, I saw him close to the New-road turnpike-gate, about six o'clock, or from that to twelve minutes after six o'clock—he was walking alongside a horse and cart, driving it—there were casks in the cart—he was going towards Sun Tavern-fields.





HENRY WILLIAMS
. I am fourteen years old, and am in the employ of Mr. Potter, who keeps a van, up the horse-ride in Wellclose-square. Stebbings keeps a horse up the same ride—he came there on Friday, the 11th of November, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon—two men were with him—I do not know who they were—one had a green coat, and the other a fustian dress, like a carman—I know it was between three and four o'clock, because my master went to Chelsea along with some soldiers, with a horse and cart, along a quarter to one o'clock, and he told me I might go home for three hours—I know the time by that—it was two hours and a half, or three hours, after master went out—I had been up the ride about two minutes before they came—I did not look at any clock—Stebbings wrenched the padlock off the stable door where his own horse was kept—Mr. Potter's van is kept in a different place—Stebbings said to me, "Mr. Potter is a long time gone to Chelsea"—I said, "Yes, he is a long time"—he said, "I want your cart now, I suppose I can't have it?"—he said to the other two men, "Will a van do?"—they said, "Yes, that will do; let us have it"—he opened the gate, and drew the van out—they harnessed the horse in a great hurry, and made a mistake by putting the breeching on where the reach-chain goes on the horse—the man in the green coat said to the other two, "D—it all, make haste" the man in the green coat jumped up into the van, and laid hold of the reins—I said, "There is no whip at home, Mr. Stebbings, for master has got it out"—Stebbings said, "Let us have a whip"—I gave him an old one of master's—a stick with a piece of leather fastened to it—he handed it up to the man in the green coat, and the van then drove off—Stebbings walked alongside the man in the fustian dress, on the pavement, by the side of the van, and the man in the green coat drove.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You have been examined befor the Magistrate? A. Yes—I saw Stebbings walk as far as Gracers-alley, with the other man—that is about 100 yards, I believe—it is the

next alley to the horse-ride—the man who got into the cart drove off as hard as he could drive—Gracer's-alley would be in Stebbings' way home.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What sort of a horse was it? A. He drove it as fast as the old mare could go, which was not very fast—it was just on the trot—Stebbings was walking on the pavement, even with the van—I turned back to go home, and saw no more.





JOHN POTTER
. I am carman, and live in Chapman-street, St. George's. On Friday, the 11th of November, I went to Chelsea to fetch some men's things—I left Williams at home—I had a van in my cart-house—I left the stable about one o'clock—the van was there then—I returned about seven o'clock in the evening—the prisoner Stebbings' horse was out then, and I found the van gone—Stebbings returned with it about eight o'clock, and his horse was in it—I saw him come along—he said he had been doing a 3s. job, and a very hard one, that he gave the man 6d. out of it—he was alone.

Cross-examined by. MR. CLARKSON. Q. Does he not let out a horse and cart now and then? A. He had the use of my cart—not the van—he kept a horse of his own to fetch his things from market—he had paid part of the money for repairing the shaft of my cart.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What is he by business? A. He keeps a sheep's-head shop, and sells greens and things—I have known Sarles for years—he was living with Stebbings at the time this happened, because he had left his former place at Mr. Ive's—Stebbing's had paid 12s. 6d. to the Wheelwright to repair the cart, and I allowed him to work it out—that was the cart, not the van—he was not in the habit of using the van—he never lent the cart out, to my knowledge.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When he said he had been doing a 3s. job, did he tell you to keep it secret? A. No, he did not—he said he had used my van—he took it out once before in the dark, and said he had had a balk job.






ANN WEATHERFIELD
. I live in Upper Chapman-street, St. George's East. I know Cable-street, and the clock-house there—Rosemary-lane is all in the same line—on Friday evening, the 11th of November, I was near the clock-house with Mr. Potter's little girl—the prisoner Coxson keeps a buttershop a little distance from the clock-house, on the opposite side of the way—while I was standing there I saw Mr. Potter's van standing nearly opposite, it was three or four, or five or six doors from Coxson's—I cannot say the time, it might be about six o'clock, or a little after—there were butter firkins in the van—it was fuller on the right-hand side than the left—it was covered over with matting at the top—I saw Stebbings on the opposite side by the door of the public-house—at first he was on the left-hand side of the pavement—that is the same side as the public-house and the opposite side to Coxson's—he then crossed over, and went to the door of the public-house—he had not to pass Coxson's door to go to the public-house—Coxson's door is near to the public-house—I cannot say how near—it is on a slant—I never saw Stebbings on Coxson's side at all—he was standing on the curb, and he went to the furthest door of the public-house—from one door to the other—I walked on, and did not see any more—he was standing still when I saw him—I did not notice anybody with the van—I did not stay there above two or three minutes—I went on, leaving the van there, and him too.

Cross-examined by. MR. CLARKSON. Q. Though you crossed over to look at the van, you went on directly, and did not stop? A. No—whether

there were any persons in Coxson's house, or with the van, I do not know.





MARY POTTER
. I was going with Weatherfield on Friday evening, about ten minutes to six o'clock, for some dripping, and saw my father's van—I know it to be his—it was about six doors from Coxson's shop—Stebbings was with the van—he was standing on the left-hand side of it when I first saw him—on the left-hand side of the street, which is Coxson's side—he was close to the van, and reaching up, but I do not know what he was doing—Weatherfield remained with me the whole time—I do not know whether she noticed it—she might not have noticed that—he put his hand into the van, and touched the butter firkin, but I do not know what he did not it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You were not before the Justice? A. No—I was told on Tuesday that I was to be a witness—I went to the Thames Police, but I was not examined—only two or three words—they did not asked me much—I was not sworn—I did not say I saw Stebbings with the van near Coxson's—they only asked me two or three questions—I heard Weatherfield examined, and heard her say she only saw him on the other side.





GEORGE ELLIS
. I am a Thames police-officer. After receiving information of this robbery I went on Monday, the 14th of November, to Stebbings' house, in Cable-street, with the prosecutor and Mr. Sayre—I found him at home, and asked him if he had not lent his van out on the Friday previous—he said he had—I asked him to whom—he said to a stranger—I asked what time it was let out—he said about four o'clock—I asked what time he returned—he said about eight—I asked when he was paid for the hire of the van—he said the man paid him when he brought the van home, at eight o'clock—I asked who got the van ready—he said he assisted—I said, "Then you will be able to give me some description of the person who hired the van?"—he said he was dressed something like a carter—I said, "Why, you seem to have had a good deal to do with him; you can give me a bettter description?"—he then said he had been in his company once or twice in a public-house—I then said, "Why, I understand your van stood some considerable time in Wellclose-square?"—he said, "It stands up the ride there"—I then took him into custody, and told him it was on suspicion of being concerned in taking the butter away—I do not know that I told him who I was—after taking him away I went to the ride where the van was, in Wellclose-square—I found a van there, with the name of "John Potter" on it—I examined the floor of the van, and found the distinct marks of fifteen tubs on it, in three rows, five in each row—they appeared to be all of the same size—we measured them—Mr. Sayre and Mr. Webb measured some casks afterwards—I should think a person might run from Brewer's Quay to the ride in ten minutes—it is about half a mile—on Thursday, the 17th, I went with Mr. Sayre and Mr. Webb to Coxson's house, on the other side of the way—it is not directly opposite—there is a public-house opposite, and the clock-house itself is a public-house—Coxson keeps a chandler's shop, and sells butter—I found him behind the counter—I told him there had been butter lost, and I had come with a search-warrant to search his house—he told me he knew nothing about it, I was very welcome to search—I directed Mr. Webb and Mr. Sayre to look round the shop at the butter—Webb looked at a firkin which stood at the door, tried it, and said, "This is precisely the same quality of butter as I have lost—I was then standing behind the counter with

Coxson, and behind me I took a lid off a keg which was full of butter—Webb and Sayre tried it, and said it was precisely the same quality as the other—we found other butter in the shop, but not of that description—there was not a large quantity there—I then asked Coxson who he purchased that butter of?—he said of Harben and Larkin, Whitechapel—I asked him if he had a bill of parcels of it—he said he had, but did not know where to find it then—I said I was in no hurry, if I waited till six o'clock in the evening—he then said, "To be blunt with you, I shall answer you no more questions"—I searched his house, but found nothing else—I then took him into custody, and took charge of the butter, which I have here.

COURT. Q. Then there are only two casks which they challenge as being the same quality? A. No—there were only two or three other casks, I believe, but they were Dutch butter, as I am given to understand—there are a great many other butter-shops in the same street—the nearest butter-shop to his is within a very few yards, I think, and there is one nearly opposite.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you say a word before the Magistrate about Stebbings saying he had been in the man's company to whom he let the van? A. My words before the Magistrate were, that he had been in his company once or twice at a public-house—my deposition was read over to me before I signed it—I cannot say whether those words were read over to me—I cannot exactly charge my memory—the floor of the van is wood, and was very dirty and wet.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Where was the butter Mr. Webb claimed? A. The firkin stood at the shop door—it was not a cask—it stood close to the open door—I had every facility afforded me in searching the house—I told Coxson to overhaul all his papers before he told me he should not answer any more questions—I have seen him in his business there for about two years—I never heard any harm of him—I understand he has been there eight or ten years—I should think there are half-a-dozen butter-shops opposite his.

COURT. Q. How close is the nearest butter-shop to his house? A. I think his mother-in-law keeps a shop of the same description, within a door or two of him—he does not manage her business.





JOHN SAYRE
. I am a cheesemonger, and live at No. 79, Shadwell. On Monday morning I went to Stebbings' house with Ellis and Mr. Webb—I saw Stebbings before they did, and asked him if he could let me a horse and van on hire—he said he could—he said, "What sort of goods do you want to convey, household or other sort of goods?"—I said that was immaterial; I wished to ask if he had let his horse and van on the Friday previous—he said he had—I said, "To whom?"—he said he did not know—I said, "What sort of description was the man?"—he said, "Rather a stout man"—I said, "Was he fair or dark?"—he said he did not know, for he was a perfect stranger—I said, "Of course if you did not know the person you let the van to, you sent some of your servants what it?"—he said he did not—I immediately went out and fetched Mr. Webb and Ellis—Ellis said it was strange he should let his horse to a stranger—he said he had known the man—after some talking together, he said he had known the man by seeing him in public-houses—he did not say how often, in my hearing—I afterwards went and examined the van—I had seen part of the casks the prosecutor had purchased, at his own residence—I saw the floor of the van, and observed fifteen distinct marks of the bottoms of casks—I measured the diameter of the marks, and found

they corresponded with one of the casks which I had at home, with some of the same description of butter which I had bought, and which came out of the same ship—I gave Mr. Webb the measurement of the rings in the van—I went to Coxson's house on the Thursday following, in company with Ellis, and saw some better—there was Leer firkin standing at the door—I examined it, and found the butter quite a different quality to Leer butter, and difficulty packed—Leer is on the borders of Prussia—I found it was Mecklenburgh butter in a Leer cask—behind the counter there was a Sligo Keg of Mecklenburgh butter—it was precisely the same sort as that in the Leer firkin—I weighed it afterwards, and the two together made within 2lbs. or 3lbs. of one cask—I asked Coxson where he had bought the butter—he said, the fact was he should not answer that question—I asked him if he had a bill of parcels—he said he could not find it—I said, "Of course you have bought it recently—you will tell me where you bought it?"—he did not answer me; but Ellis put the question, and he said he bought it of Harben and Larkin.

COURT. Q. Do I understand you, the quantity found in both the keg and cask together would make within 2lbs. or 3lbs. of one Mecklenburgh cask? A. Yes, the keg was nearly full—he was pressed to show the bill of parcels, and he said he could not find it—Ellis said he would wait—he then said, "To be blunt, I shall not answer your questions"—it is very unusual to re-pack butter to retail it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you and Ellis and Webb go into the house at the same time? A. Yes—I heard Ellis question him, but did not hear all he asked—Ellis went in first, I followed after him, but not immediately—I was desired to stand near the door—Coxson said, "You may search my premises"—that was after I had questioned him—he gave Ellis a candle to search—he said repeatedly, he should not answer any more questions—I have been in the butter-trade, twenty-four or twenty-five years—I had no interest in this butter—it never belonged to me—Leer butter is a very different flavour to Mecklenburgh—I have never said it was similar—Leer is much coarser, and 2d. per lb. less—there is a very large quantity of Mecklenburgh butter imported to this country—I found no other Mecklenburgh butter in the shop—I found a keg of Dutch butter more than half used—I did not speak to Coxson before Ellis did—when I spoke to him, Ellis was standing by the counter by him—(looking at the butter)—there is an appearance of this butter having been re-packed—it wastes in re-packing, and will never show the same—we can always tell when it has been re-packed—the firkin stood at the door with the head on it, and the keg behind the counter had a head over it—it did not appear to have been touched after being re-packed.





WILLIAM LARKIN
. I am a wholesale cheesemonger, in partnership with Harben and son, in High-street, Whitechapel. I have been thirty years in the trade—Coxson dealt with us—on the 24th of October he bought a firkin, and keg, of Leer butter of us—I did not sell him any Mecklenburgh—the butter produced, I think, is German or Danish, it is not Leer—I am not a sufficient judge to say whether it is Mecklenburgh—it has been re-packed—it is not Sligo butter—it is not the butter I sold him—I do not think I have sold him any Mecklenburgh for the last twelve months—there is not a considerable resemblance between Leer and Mecklenburgh, but when butter is crushed, and put down in that state, it is impossible to tell—I am persuaded it is not the butter I sold him.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You cannot swear this is Mecklenburgh butter? A. It would not keep for twelve months—I have not sold

him any to my recollection—it comes in larger packaged than he generally buys—there is no similarly between Leer and Mecklenburgh, when in the original packaged, but when crushed in this way it is impossible to tell, in my opinion—I should say this is foreign butter—it is not Irish, nor yet Leer—it is a higher colour than Leer generally is, but the colour will be affected by re-packing—this butter is about the same quantity as that I sold him about four weeks ago—I had dealt with him seven years, I should say—he always paid ready money—his character had been perfectly good with our house.

JURY. Q. What proof have you, that is is not the butter you sold him? A. It is not the firkin—my butter was solid when it went to him—this has been taken out of the cask and crushed—I cannot tell the exact quantity I sold him.

MR. DOANE. Q. From the appearance of the butter, can you undertake to say the two parcels are the same description of butter? A. I should say they are.





THOMAS WEBB

re-examined. I bought more of this butter than the quantity in the cart—Mr. Sayre gave me the measure of the prints at he bottom of the van—I compared that with the remaining casks at Brewer's Quay, and they correspond—five were left behind, and I had sent five away before—I tasted it before I bought it, and have tasted this—I have been in the trade about sixteen years—I consider this Mecklenburgh-keel butter, such as I bought and tasted—I can distinguish between Leer and Mecklenburgh—this is Mecklenburgh, according to my opinion—I sell it retail—I never knew butter unpacked and re-packed in the trade—it is highly injurious to the butter—the value of the property I lost is 70l. and upwards—I found my horse and cart afterwards.

MR. DOANE. Q. Have you any partner? A. No—I brought twenty-five casks, and my brother-in-law bought some.





JAMES COOK
. I am a policeman. I took Sarles into custody in Stabbings' house.





THOMAS WEBB

re-examined. It is the same kind of butter I lost, but I would not swear to it was mine. The same kind might probably be in the hands of other houses.

Sarles' defence. I live with Mr. Stebbings as servant.
(William Mann, cheesemonger, 13, Cable-street; Thomas Weale, corn-dealer, Rosemary-lane; William Rogers, butcher, Cable-street; Samuel Dyer, confectioner, Thames-street; and Peter Ives, butcher, Rosemary-lane; deposed to the prisoner Stebbings' good character.)

STEBBINGS—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

SARLES—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.




Transported for Life.
(Sarles recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.)

COXSON—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.

