








2141. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     STEEL
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HUM-PHRIES
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WILEY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CLARK
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of August
, 1 pair of shoes, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Fennell
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  COLTON
               



             (Police-constable H 60). On the 15th of August I was in Shoreditch


; I saw the prisoners all together in conversation - I watched them; they went to the prosecutor's shop; Humphries took hold of a pair of shoes which hung on the door-post, and remarked thatthey were a very nice pair - Steel then took them, put them under her shawl under her left arm, and walked away.
Steel. I met these two girls, and asked them to go with me to buy a pair of shoes - Humphries touched this pair - they fell down; I took them up, and before I could put them up the officer took us. Witness. They had got fourteen or fifteen yards from the shop; Clark had a jacket on, and he put his hands into the pockets, and extended his arms as if to conceal them - I found the shoes under Steel's arm; I put her into the shop, and Clark used the most disgusting language, which collected a mob, and I took him - Steel and Humphries stood close together, and the other two close behind them; I had watched them for twenty yards previous to their going to the door.
Humphries' Defence. I was coming down Shoreditch and met Steel; I touched the shoes and they fell down; she picked them up, and the officer took us.
Wiley. I was with Humphries - we met Steel; she asked us to go and buy a pair of shoes - they were a little before me, for I stopped to look at a window; I did not know what was done till the mob collected. Witness. I had watched them for twenty yards previous to their going to the shop; when I took Steel, Clark said I had no business to take her - I said if I did wrong I must answer for it; he was very violent, and a man stepped up and assisted me to take them - Steel then wanted to shuffle the shawl from her shoulders, and I assisted her, in order that the other might come to the station - Clark then took off his hat, and I asked Wiley to carry it for him, which she did; I then met another officer, and we took the other two prisoners.
ELIZABETH CROW. I am servant to Joseph Fennel. I was in his shop, and saw Humphries take hold of the toes of the shoes and turn them round - she said they were a nice pair, and then Steele took them down and put them under her shawl; they had got twelve or fifteen yards before they were taken - I gave an alarm; my master went out and Steel was brought in - I was at the back part of the shop; the shoes were hung on hooks.
JOSEPH FENNEL. About seven o'clock in the evening my servant gave me some information - I went into the street and saw Steel in custody of the officer, who was taking these shoes from under her shawl; they were twelve or fifteen yards off - Clark then came and was taken - they are my shoes, and worth 4s.
HENRY COLTON. I had seen all the prisoners together in deep conversation for twenty minutes before; and I had seen the whole four together before that evening,
STEEL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
HUMPHRIES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
WILEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.







               Transported for Seven Years
            .
