





1220. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SHERRELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously putting off 12 counterfeit crown-pieces, at and for a lower rate and value than the same by their denomination did import, and were counterfeited for
            .
MESSRS. SCARLETT and ELLIS conducted the prosecution.


                     WILLIAM 
                     ROSE
                  




               
            . I am a butcher
, and live in Duke-street, Westminster; I have a private house there, and do business for other butchers. I saw the prisoner on the 8th of April - he was first introduced to me by Bill; I saw the prisoner again on the 5th of May - before that I had been searched by Goff and Myers at the Plough - I had no money on me; I then received sixteen shillings, and sixpence to get something to drink - I saw the prisoner between one and two o'clock in Carey-street; I said, "You are no good, because you deceived me before;" he said"Don't be cross - what will you give us to drink?" I said I did not mind, and we went to a house in Clare-market and had something - we then returned to Carey-street, and went into Grange-court


; I there purchased twelve crowns of him for the sixteen shillings, and a 5s. piece he gave me to make up for what he had given me short before - he said Kitty had done them up in a mistake; we then went to the Seven Stars - I opened the papers there, and it was right; I went to the Plough, and gave Goff the money - he gave it to me; I marked it, and gave it to him back.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. You say Myers was by? A. Yes, Bill was with me when I received the money from the prisoner - Bill was a friend of the prisoner's, and of Goff; I received the money from the prisoner - no one saw it but Bill; I kept a butcher's shop for many years in Union-street, Lambeth - I have done business for Mr. Bartram, in Lock's-fields, and Mr. White, in the New-cut; I was not surprised when the officer came to me to do this - I considered I was doing my duty; I did not deny before the Magistrate that I had received the sixpence of Goff - I never told the Magistrate that I had received no money; Bill took me to the prisoner on that occasion.


                  GEORGE 
                  GOFF
               



            . I employed Rose to deal with the prisoner - I was with Myers and him at the Plough on the 5th of May; I gave Rose 16s., after searching him - he quitted me; I watched him into the street, and into Grange-court - he stopped there a short time, came out, and went to the Seven Stars, on the opposite side of the way; he said there twenty minutes or half an hour - I saw the prisoner meet him in the street; Bill went into the public-house with him - I saw the prisoner in there as I passed the window; Rose came to the Plough, and gave me this money, which he marked - I have had it ever since; Rose had no counterfeit money when he went out.
Cross-examined. Q. Who was the first person Rose went to when he left the Plough? A. To Bill - he went with him; I saw Bill give a signal to Rose - Bill is not a convicted utterer of bad coin; I do not know that he has been transported, nor do I believe it - I do notknow that he has been in custody; Kemble introduced him to me by Newington-causeway - Kemble was not present on the 5th of May - nor on the 12th; he is in a respectable situation in the India-house; he is well, but has nothing to do with this case - I do not know that Bill was ever in the India-house, or that he was tried for a robbery at the India-house, and convicted, or that while he was in prison he robbed one of his fellow-prisoners; I sent Rose, because I would not trust him - I searched Rose, because it is customary; I took off his hat, robbed him down, and felt his pockets; if I had been searching a thief I might have searched a little closer.


                  RICHARD 
                  MYERS
               



            . On the 5th of May I was at the Plough - I saw Goff search Rose, and give him sixteen good shillings; I soon after saw Rose and the prisoner join, and go into Grange-court - I was at the Plough when Rose came back and brought this money; I was at the apprehension of the prisoner at his own place, in Plomtree-court - we went and found him there; the room was searched, and behind a tea-caddy I found a great number of skeleton keys - I went with Brand into the cellar, where we found a great quantity of money; we came up to the room, and asked the prisoner whose cellar it was - he said he knew nothing about it, but they had the use of it, and went there for water; we found some gloves in the room half-burnt, and some shapes for moulds and sand paper.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the transaction on the 5th of May? A. Yes, except when they turned into the court - I was not able to see what was done there, and I cannot tell whether Bill was with him all the time, as he left us in the court; Bill was introduced to me by another Bill, whose name I believe is Kemble - Bill and Rose were together when they left the Plough, and they went together to the prisoner's in Grange-court; Bill was a little behind - Rose said he had given the good money to the prisoner; we did not take the prisoner then, because we had others to take, and if we had apprehended him first, the others would have got off - the news would soon have flown; I have not tried to find Bill - I saw him, I suppose, a week ago: I did not tell him to come here; he might have come here if he chose.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRAND
               



            . I am one of the marshalsmen of the City - I accompanied Goff and Myers to No. 21, Plumtree-court, to apprehend the prisoner, on the 12th of May - it is his dwelling-house; we searched the room on the ground floor, which he occupies - we found some leathers with metal stains on them, and some glass-paper; we found this iron - it may be used as a pair of tongs to take up metal, or for holding moulds; we found some coin in the cellar.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Bill? A. No, I I never heard of him till the evidence before the Magistrate - then the name of Bill was mentioned as an acquaintance of the prisoner's.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . This money is counterfeit, and does not appear to have been in circulation.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
