





873. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BAILEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of March
, 1 chaise, value 20l., and 1 set of harness, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Hunter
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  HUNTER
               



            . On the 13th of March the prisoner came to my shop, and hired a chaise in the name of Mr. Bradfield, for about three hours; he took it away, and I saw no more of him till the 16th - Mr. Bradfield was not a customer of mine; I found the chaise at Putney, on the 15th of March - it was a black gig; I let him have it, believing it was for Mr. Bradfield - he said it was for Mr. Bradfield, of Ropemaker-street; I believed the story to be true, and I parted with it for three hours only - he had a set of harness also.


                  CHARLES 
                  WINSLEY
               



            . I am stable-keeper at the White Lion, at Putney; the prisoner and another man came there on the 13th of March, in a chaise - the other man drove it, and said they wished to put it up there for the night; the other man left the same evening, but the prisoner remained till the 15th - he offered the chaise to me for sale, and to several other persons, to two in particular; and one gentleman had the horse out and tried it - when the prisoner left, he told me to sell it if I could get the price for it, which was 13l.; I asked him if the other person, whom he called his master, should come for the horse and chaise, whether I should let him have it - he said Yes, and asked if I should know him; I said I did not know that I should, for I scarcely caught sight of him - he observed, no one would come for it but the right owner, and I was to let him have it; the prosecutor came down the same night and owned it, and I brought it up to the office the next morning.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATFIELD
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. I took the prisoner on the 15th of March - he told me the horse and chaise were at the White Lion, at Putney, and he had had 14s. or 15s. on it.


                  CHARLES 
                  BRADFIELD
               



            . I live in Ropemaker-street; I never desired the prisoner to get the chaise for me, nor gave him any authority to get it - he borrowed my horse, as he said, to go to Clapham; he went and got the chaise of the prosecutor - I never authorized him to sell my horse.
Prisoner. Q. You lent the horse to Macklin? A. They were both together.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
