





OLD COURT. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 19.
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
528. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Beal
                        




                     
                  , on the 21st of January
, and stealing, 1 waistcoat-piece, value 2s. 9d.; 3 shirts, value 15s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 6s.; 1 pair of sheets, value 5s.; 2 curtains, value 4s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 1 gold ring, value 7s., and 1 pair of earrings, value 7s., his property
            .
JOHN BEAL. I lodge in Whitecross-place, Wilson-street, Finsbury


, on the first floor. The prisoner is landlady of the house
, and lived there - on the 22nd of January, at seven o'clock in the morning, I went out, leaving this property in my room; I locked the door - I returned about half-past eight in the evening, and found the door open - my son had got the key, and my daughter was in the room; I missed a great many articles which I had left safe - the prisoner's husband lived in the house with her.


                  MARTHA 
                  BEAL
               



            . I am the prosecutor's daughter, but do not live at this house. On Saturday, the 22nd of January, about ten o'clock, or a little after, I asked my father for a waistcoat-piece from the drawer, and it was missing - when I went to the room that evening, I found my brother at home; I missed nothing else myself - I do not know whether the prisoner was at home; I found some property pawned at Attenborough's, on Monday morning, and when the prisoner was at Worship-street after I had found the property, I asked her what she had done with the duplicates; she said if I went home to the back kitchen, in the dust-hole I should see an old garden-pot, and under the pot should find the duplicates - I went and found ten duplicates, with a key which fitted the room door; I gave them to the officer.
JAMES BEAL. I live with my father. I was at home all day on the 22nd of January - I went out the day before, about half-past three o'clock, leaving the prisoner at home, and when I came in at half-past five I found the staple of the padlock drawn; I went into the room, but missed nothing - I told my father when he came home,but he did not take much notice; this was on Friday -I met the prisoner in the court as I came home.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I am an officer. On Tuesday, the 25th of January, I was sent for, and went with 
               
                  Martha 
                  Beal
               



             to Attenborough's; I went to the house, and received the prisoner in charge - she said something at the office to 
               
                  Martha 
                  Beal
               



            , who went and got the duplicates and key, which I found opened the door.


                  GEORGE 
                  JOHN
               



             MOULTON. I am shopman to Mr. Attenborough, of Crown-street, Finsbury. I produce two curtains, one sheet, three shirts, and two pairs of stockings; I received the stockings in pawn myself from the prisoner - the other things were pawned in the same name; I did not take them in - the duplicates correspond with those on the articles, and are the counterparts.
JOHN BEAL. These are my property, and were in my drawers; I missed them on Saturday, but some were taken before the others, for what I know - I never allowed her to pawn my property.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that she had been in the habit of borrowing articles of the prosecutor to pledge, and intended to redeem them - that the prosecutor's son was an abandoned character, and must have taken the padlock off himself to screen his own delinquencies.



               GUILTY of larceny
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
