





447. 




THOMAS UNDERWOOD
 and 




CHARLES RICHARD WILKIE
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
29th of December, at 
St. Clement Danes, 1 cloak, value 5l., the goods of 



Charles Campbell and another; 1 coat, value 1l.; and 1 cloak, value 2l.; the goods of the said 



Charles Campbell, in the dwelling-house of the said 



Charles Campbell and another; and 




RACHAEL WILKIE
 was indicted for

 feloniously receiving on the same day, 1 coat, value 1l., part of the said goods, well knowing it to have been stolen.






CHARLES CAMPBELL
. The prisoner Underwood lived with me at No. 19, Arundel-street, as under-servant, for about a month—I keep a club-house—he left about two months ago—on the 29th of December, I missed a cloak and a great-coat of my own, and a cloak belonging to Mr. Gurney, which had been hanging in the hall.





MARY HUMPHREYS
. I am servant at the Albion club-house, in Arun-del-street, in the parish of St. Clement Danes. The prisoner Underwood lived servant with Mr. Campbell while I did—on a Monday evening, after he left, I saw him just inside the door in the small hall—not the hall where the things hung—it was about a quarter past nine o'clock, on the 29th of

December—he told me he had come to speak to the head-waiter—I told him the head-waiter was not at home—he then asked for the house-maid, Elizabeth—I told him she was not at home—he asked me if I would come out with him—I went about half-way up the street with him—I then left him—I saw him about five minutes afterwards coming towards the house—Charles Richard Wilkie was there with him—I told him I thought he was gone—he asked me if the head-waiter was come home—I said he was not, and I did not expect him home till late; and about five minutes after that I went in—he and Wilkie were close by the club-house when I saw them—nothing passed between them in my hearing—they went towards the Strand, and about twenty-five minutes to ten o'clock, I missed two cloaks and a great-coat from the inner hall—you go through the smaller hall to it—they had hung up in the hall—I saw them there about nine o'clock, before I saw Underwood.

Underwood. Q. Was it in Arundel-street you met me? A. It is a street just through Arundel-street—I do not know the name of it; it leads into the Strand.





NIMROD FRY
. I am a silk-weaver, and live in Ramsay-street, Betnnal-green. The prisoner, Rachael Wilkie, is my wife's daughter, by her first husband—Wilkie and his wife came to my house last Wednesday, the 31st of December—Wilkie said he was going to leave this part of the country, as he said he and the prisoner, Underwood, had been in the Strand, and Underwood had robbed his late master's house—and he was going to leave the country for fear he should be taken up about it, and that he had sold his goods—I told him he had better go and tell the whole truth about it—he said he was afraid to do it, and burst into tears—I left the house, think-ing my wife would be able to persuade him to go and tell all about it—I returned in half an hour, and he and his wife were gone—I had him taken into custody the same night—I saw Underwood in the street, during the half-hour I was out—I told him I expected he would get transported for robbing his late master—he said he did not care a pin about it whether he was or not, for he wanted to get transported—he went away—I then went with the officer, and had Wilkie and his wife apprehended, at his sister's in Lisson-grove—they were both together—Wilkie had said in my house that Underwood had given his wife the coat, and she had pawned it—I found Underwood that night, and gave him in charge of a policeman, for robbing his master, from what Wilkie stated—we had him taken to the station-house, and when he got there, he said he wished to give me in charge, for it was me and my son had robbed the gentleman's house, and wanted to put it upon him.

Underwood. Q. Why not give me in charge the first time when you came out of your house on purpose? A. I did not come out on purpose, I met him by accident—I wanted to know the particulars more fully—my wife did not call out to me to do my duty—I did not promise to meet you at the Black Dog.





JOHN WRIGHT
. I am a policeman. On Wednesday afternoon I saw Underwood by Fry's door—he said something about Fry's son and daughter and the coat—he said he would see it out, and asked if I would go with him where the coat was pledged—I went with him to Mr. Pige's, a pawnbroker, in Church-street, Bethnal-green, and found the coat there—when we went into the shop, the shopman seemed to know what business he had come upon—Underwood said he had come about the great-coat that he had been about

before—there were several shopmen present—the shopman told him he had better get the duplicate from the party who pawned it—I and Underwood went in pursuit of Wilkie, hut did not find him.





THOMAS COOMBS
. I am shopman to Mr. Pige, of Swan-street, Bethnal-green. I have a coat which was pawned by the female prisoner in her own name, on the 30th of December, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, for 12s.—I knew her before, as a customer.





CHARLES CAMPBELL

re-examined. I know this coat is my property by its being recently new bound, and being a little torn in the lining in front.





ROBERT MOORE
. I am a policeman. Fry gave Underwood into my charge, on the 31st of December, for stealing three great-coats, the pro-perty of a gentleman in the Strand—Underwood made no reply—I took him to the station-house, and he said it was not him who stole them, but Fry's relations had stolen them—he said lie had been with a policeman, and found where one of the coats was pawned—I apprehended Wilkie and his wife, on the 1st of January, and brought them to the office; and on bring-ing them back from the office, he told me that Underwood hid the two cloaks under the joists, or boards, in the room where he resided—I went and searched the room where Underwood lived, but did not find them—I went according to the address he gave—the prisoners all lived together in the same room.

Underwood. Q. Did you find any place under the floor where any thing could be hid? A. Nothing could be hid there—it is a very large house—I cannot tell how many rooms there are.

Underwood's Defence. When I left Mr. Campbell, I went to work in a shop in Church-street, and this man worked in another—I called on Mr. Campbell's servants and left two of my cards there, and they agreed to give me work—we went down there on Monday, it being holiday-time, and saw the witness on the steps of the door—I asked if James was at home—she said, "No"—she came up part of the street with me, telling me about two silver forks which had been taken by the servant who came after me—she went through a little alley, and I said to Wilkie, "Let us go round, she is gone to her young man in the stable, and we will have a bit of fun"—we did so, and I then went straight homer—on Wednesday morning Wilkie and I had a few words—I went to work, and told his wife they would surely be transported, as I saw these things there—when I came home, I found the place locked up—I saw her, and ran after her—she said her husband had gone down into the country, and she would return in half-an-hour—she left me in the Black Dog, but instead of her coming, her mother came and took her bonnet away, and said, "Instead of my daughter's husband being transported, you shall"—I went to know where the coat was, and found it at the pawnbroker's, and after that I went down to Fry's house—I asked what they meant by what they had said—he came out to give me in charge, which was only wnile he got away with the property which I expect was there—when I left the Honourable William Frazier's, Fry wanted me to take away all the plate, and give it him over the wall, and he would go to America—I told the officer all these circumstances—my sister told me Mr. Campbell's servant had been, and wanted me, and asked if I would go there—I said, "Yes," but it rained hard, and being about with the policeman, I could not go—we were in search of Wilkie, but could not find him till after eleven o'clock—I told, the policeman I had been in the Rotherhithe station-house, bolt was diacharged—I had never seen the things.


C. R. Wilkies Defence. On the Monday after boxing-day, Underwood said, "Wilkie, will you go with me?"—as we went along, he stated to me how he had left the prosecutor's service, and had left a great-coat there; and wanted to go down and see the servants, to get it—we went to Arundel-street—he went to the door, and said, "It will not do, I know, for they are at dinner"—we returned about nine o'clock, and went down by the door—Underwood got on the steps—I followed him, and the servant girl came, and looked hard at me, but did not speak to me—after that, we went up the street with the servant girl; and saw her go across a passage—I was returning, and saw her with a young man—we came Back; and after that Underwood said, "I think I saw him go in" (mean-ing James, the servant)—he went in, and staid about five minutes in the hall; and came out with a bundle under his arm, and a great-coat—we went home; and when he got home my wife was in bed—he undid the bundle, and it had clothes in it—I found the things were stolen—next morn-ing he gave my wife the coat to pawn—she went to the regular pawnbroker's where she had been in the habit of going, and pawned it in her own name, of course—while we were away, Underwood secured the things under the flooring of the house; and next morning he and I had a few words, and he gave me two or three saucy answers, which I did not like; and after that, he said there was stolen property in the house, and they could have me transported—my wife went for me.

Rachael Wilkie's Defence. On Monday afternoon my husband and Underwood went, as I thought, to Battersea—Underwood said he bad left some things at Campbell's, which he would fetch—I went to bed at nine o'clock—next morning he asked me to go and pawn the coat for him, for he had no money—I went to Mr. Pige's, and pawned it in my own name—I did not know that it was stolen—on Wednesday morning Underwood said to me, "I know something which will transport your husband"—I said, "What is that?"—I went to the shop and told my husband, who came home, and sold our things—I had pawned several things before for Underwood.

MR. CAMPBELL
re-examined. The house belongs to myself and a Mr. Brett—he has a moiety of it—we both live there—the value of the property is £8—I should say—5 is a very moderate price—I am quite sure they are worth that.

JURY. Q. What are the cloaks made of? A. The best blue cloth—they cost twenty-one guineas—I have not recovered either of the cloaks—the coat is here.

UNDERWOOD—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

CHARLES RICHARD WILKIE—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

Recommended to mercy by the Jury, in consequence of "the spleen exhibited


by the witness Fry."—



Transported for Life
.

RACHAEL WILKIE—


NOT GUILTY
.
