





1555. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     GURNETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that she, on the 5th of September
, maliciously and feloniously did lead and take away a certain female child, named 
                     
                        Jane Sarah 
                        Mouatt
                     



                  , about the age of two years, with intent to deprive 
                     
                        John 
                        Mouatt
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Jane 
                        Mouatt
                     



                  , the parents, of the possession of the said child
            , against the Statute.
SECOND COUNT, stating her intent to be to steal 1 frock, value 1s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; 1 shift, value 6d.; 1 pair of socks, value 3d., and 1 pair of half-boots, value 1s., the goods of John Mouatt.


                  JOHN 
                  MOUATT
               



            . My wife's name is Jane. I live in Sparrow-corner


; our daughter Jane Sarah is just turned two years old - she used to walk about before the door; I saw her about nine o'clock in the morning of the 5th of September, when I went out - I returned about halfpast five; she was then gone, and had been missing some hours - she was dressed as a poor tradesman's child
; I found her in about ten minutes, at the watch-house in Leadenhall leather market - the prisoner, who was a stranger, was in custody there; the child was clothed as she was in the morning - the prisoner said to me, "You are a cork-cutter, are you not?" - I said I should have nothing to say to her; I left her there, and took my child home - it had received no injury; she had once before been found at the top of the Minories - she had on a frock, petticoat, shift, stockings, and half-boots.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I sweep a crossing by the East India House. On the 5th of September, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner with a child about two years old; it was crying - it struck me, from its appearance, that it did not belong to her; I said,"My good woman, where are you going with that child?"- she said, "What is that to you? mind your own business;" I said I considered it my business, as I was confident it did not belong to her - she said it did; the child could not talk to be understood - I said I was fully confident, from its respectable appearance, that it did not; I took it up in my arms - she said if I offered to take her child away she would be d-d if she would not split my nose; I then applied to Drinkwater, and gave her in charge - she was taken to the watch-house with the child- I afterwards saw the father returning home with it, and told him what had happened; the child was bathed in tears when I saw it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DRINKWATER
               



            . I am one of the City Police. Brown came to me at the corner of Bishopsgate-street, and I went and found the prisoner sitting on the step of a door, with the child sitting by her side; I asked whose child it was - she said it was her own; I told her to get up, and said I should not let her go, as I was not satisfied about it - she then said it was not her's, but a neighbour's; I asked her the name of the parents, at the watch-house -she said the child's name was Billy Atkinson, that the father was in trouble, and the mother had been put to bed eight or nine hours ago - that the parents lived in a court opposite Bishop's gin-shop, Rosemary-lane; I thought from its appearance that it did not belong to her.
THOMAS SINDRY. I am beadle of the parish. I heard the prisoner give the account of the child as Drinkwater has stated; I went to a court opposite a gin-shop, in Rosemary-lane, but could find nobody named Atkinson - the prisoner did not say where she herself lived; I made inquiry, and found out the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to the Virginia coffee-house, and saw the child at the top of the Minories, crying; I took hold of her by the hand, and was taking it, not with intent to steal it, for I could not keep myself; I meant to take it with me as far as the coffee-house, and come back again, but was detected by Drinkwater, who took me to the watch-house, and, being a little intoxicated, I gave him a little abusive language.
THOMAS BROWN. When I saw her she appeared rather in liquor, but not insensible, far from it.


                  JANE 
                  MOUATT
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I saw my child safe about one o'clock, sitting on the step of a neighbour's door, about three doors off; she was verywell known by the neighbour's - if inquiry had been made, there would be no difficulty in knowing who she was.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DRINKWATER
               



            . She was certainly a little in liquor, but knew what she was about.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
