



1867. 




WILLIAM ANDREW ARNOLD, alias
 William Arnold

, was indicted

 for bigamy.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.
RICHARD BELL. I am sexton of St. George, Southwark. I produce the register of marriages for 1829—in September, 1829, I find a marriage between two persons, named William Arnold and Mary Whitbourne—I was one of the subscribing witnesses—I do not recollect the prisoner.





JOHN WHITBOURNE
. I live at Brook-green Farm, at Albury, near Guildford—I know the prisoner—I cannot say whether be lived with my sister as husband, after 1829—I have some recollection of the prisoner's writing—I have not seen him write his name—I believe this name "W. Arnold, "to be his writing—to the best of my belief he lived with my sister five years after marriage—my father assisted them in taking a farm near Guildford—he lived there about two years—my sister Mary is alive—that is the sister he lived with—she had two children—I left on Wednesday morning, and saw her on Tuesday evening, at my father's at Brook-green.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Where did you come from? A. My father's. Brook Farm, Albury—I was living there in 1829—I remember the marriage—I cannot say what year it was—I saw the prisoner living with my sister at a farm, near Guildford, as man and wife—I never visited them—I remember them living together as man and wife for one year—I ceased visiting them, because of his using my sister so ill—he left her—he settled 600l. upon her, which will come to her on his death.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Does he contribute at all to support your sister now? A. No—he has left her for some time.





MARY HARDIMAN
. I am the wife of George Hardiman, of No. 13, North-street, Pentonville—I know the prisoner—I have seen him write—I have no doubt that signature to the register is his handwriting.





ELIZABETH EMMA HARDIMAN
. I shall be sixteen years' old next April—in November last I lived with my mother. No. 59, Park-street, Camden Town—she kept a green grocer's shop—the prisoner kept a beer shop opposite—he paid his addresses to me, and my mother sent me into the country to avoid him—he came down into the country after me—I was married to him on the 27th of last November, when I was between fourteen

and fifteen—I told him I had heard he was a married man—he strongly denied it—at the time, I married him, I believed him to be single—I have had a child by him—I was married without my mother's knowledge.

Cross-examined. Q. You heard this man was married? A. Yes—not from my mother, but from the neighbours—it was a current report in the neighbourhood, and I heard of it—I know there was a song printed about his being a married man—I cannot say how long I knew him before I was married—it was about a month, or between one and two months—he was very often at our house, but my mother did not always know it—he would come over for fruit and different things, when my mother was out—I was in the habit of going there for our beer—my mother was not present when I Was in his company, that I remember—she would be in and out—he did not visit my mother as a friend—I never heard him talk to her about money transactions—she knew nothing about the marriage—she was made acquainted with it the same afternoon—we were married by banns—I do not know. why—it was Mr. Arnold's plan—I do not know that it was my mother's suggestion—I did not live at his residence after my marriage—I had seen an uncle of his come to the house, I did not inquire of him whether he was married—the prisoner said he had no convenience, and he would rather I should live with my mother till he got another place—I lived with her about twenty weeks, and then she insisted that he should take me and keep me.

MR. CLARKSON.Q. Was your mother at all aware, as far as youcan know, that he was intending or desirous of marrying you, till you had con sented and was married? A. No—I lived nineteen or twenty weeks with my mother—he did not pay at all for my support—the child was born dead—my mother is in Court.





WILLIAM MITCHELL
. I am a police-officer of Marylebone. I took the prisoner on the 14th of July, in Park-street, Camden Town, for unlawfully marrying Mrs. Hardiman's dauglter, knowing he had a wife in the country at the time—'Mrs. Hardiman was with me—he said he was ready to meet the case—I told him the mother of the second wife had, been in the country, and seen his. wife—he said he was surprised at her going down, she knowing that he had a wife there—he wished to know, if the first wife was to come up against him, what he should be done to—I told him I could give him no answer.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
