




1432. 




JAMES PEW
 and 



HENRY JONES
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
2nd of April, 1 handkerchief, value 6d., the goods of 



James Clamp, from his person.






JAMES CLAMP
. I was at Greenwich fair on Tuesday, the 2nd of April, standing, looking at a show—a witness told me my pocket was picked—I turned round and saw both the prisoners in custody of Dyke—I went op to them, and saw my handkerchief drop from under Pew's coat, which was buttoned up—it fell down in front of him—I saw his hand up at his coat at the time it fell—Dyke took it up—I had felt in my pocket, and missed it as soon as the man spoke to me—I knew it to be mine directly I saw it Pew. Q. Did you see my hand in your pocket? A. No, but I saw the hand-kerchief drop from your coat—I did not tell the Magistrate I saw it in your hand—I said, in the officer's hand—I said it was in the prisoner's hand, but immediately corrected myself, and said it was in the officer's hand.






WILLIAM DYKE
. I saw the prosecutor at the fair, standing, looking at Richardson's show—the prisoners were behind him, close to him—I saw Pew speak to Jones, and saw Pew take the handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket in about two minutes—I had not seen Jones do any thing, but he was in company with Pew—I took Pew into custody directly, and the handkerchief dropped from under his coat—I had lost sight of him for a moment—I took it up, and told him I wanted him for stealing the handkerchief from the prosecutor—he said he knew nothing about it, it must have been put under his coat—I am sure he took it—I saw his hand in the pocket—I took them both into custody, with assistance.

Pew. The other witness told him, and he came and collared me. Witness. A young man had called my attention to them—I had watched them for ten minutes.

Jones. Q. What distance were you behind when you saw Pew speak to me? A. Close to you—I did not tell the Magistrate I was some distance behind—there was nobody behind you at all—I told the Magistrate I saw you speak together.

COURT. Q. Did you not say before the Magistrate, "I am quite sure Jones attempted to pick the prosecutor's pocket, I saw him do so?" A. No—that is a mistake on the Magistrate's part in the deposition, not on my part.





GEORGE RANDALL
. I am a labourer. I was at Greenwich fair on the 2nd of April, in front of Richardson's show, standing behind Clamp—the two prisoners came up in company together, pushed me away, and pushed in between me and Clamp—I saw Jones wink at Pew, and Jones put his hand to Clamp's pocket to feel it—I watched them a few moments, and seeing they intended to pick the pocket, I turned my head to look for an officer—I went and spoke to Dyke, and went to my place again behind the prosecutor—I saw Pew try to pick the pocket, but he did not do so then Jones was standing close to his side—I stood a few moments longer, and then saw Pew draw the handkerchief out of Clamp's pocket, make a rush on one side, and shove it up his coat—the officers then collared them, and 1 informed Clamp.

Jones. Q. Are you positive you saw us come up there together? A. Yes—the crowd was quite thin when you came up—I saw you attempt the pocket—I was standing close behind you, and could see your arms and hands, and I made a stoop down to look.

Pew. Q. Did not you tell the Magistrate Jones took the handkerchief; and gave it to me? A. No.

Pew's Defence. I am a poor man out of work—going along I saw something like a fair—I went, and stood there with my hands in my pocket looking over the prosecutor's shoulder—there was a great shove and pushing about—I was nearly pushed over another man—I felt a hand go up my coat, but who it was and what they put there I could not see—and before I could do so the policeman charged me with this.

Jones's Defence. It is impossible the witness could have seen me attempt the man's pocket through two persons standing close together—I never saw Pew before.

PEW*—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years. JONES—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

