





322. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of December
, 2 pairs of shoes, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edmund 
                     Hardwick
                  




               
            .


                  EDMUND 
                  HARDWICK
               



             (Police-constable
 G 110). I keep a shop
 in Playhouse-yard


, which my wife attends to. On the 7th of December I was in a little parlour adjoining the shop - I had kept the shop door ajar with a brick; I heard the brick move, and told my brother-in-law to go to the door - the prisoner came into the shop; I went and missed two pairs of shoes from the show-board - she pulled out a piece of meat from her apron, and asked if I would buy it - I said, "You don't want to sell this - where are the shoes gone?" she said she had seen no shoes - I said she had; she said it was a lie - I took hold of her apron, and found one of my shoes in it, and at the same time I heard something fall: I came round and found two shoes on the floor, and while I was taking them up another fell from under her arm; these are the shoes - they had been safe on the show-board ten minutes before, it is two feet higher than the counter.
Prisoner. What he says is false - I had nothing of the kind in my possession; I went in to sell an article, being in distress. Witness. They were close to her on the floor, except the one I took from her apron.


                  RICHARD 
                  FALLSHAW
               



            . I am the prosecutor's brother-in-law. I was in the house, and heard the noise - I saw the prisoner come in sideways; I went behind some green baize, which hangs in the shop to conceal a bed, and heard a noise as if some shoes had fallen down - my brother then came round the counter, and saw the shoes on the floor; the show-board is in the window, a little higher than the counter - I saw one shoe fall from her while the others were on the floor; I heard her offer to sell some meat - I knew the prisoner before; she had been taken up for stealing something from the next door.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
