





1073. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HEPBURN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of May
, 9 silk handkerchiefs, value 40s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Stear
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Stear
               



            , of Oxford-street


 - he is a hosier
. On the 24th of May the prisoner came to the shop, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning; he said he wished to look at some boat-shirts - I showed him some, which he did not approve of; I then showed him some others - he saw a pattern, which he liked, in a window which was locked, and I went to the other window to get some of the same sort; while I was doing that I looked round, and saw him put his left hand into his coat pocket; he then walked towards me, and asked how soon I could get half a dozen made; I told him - he said he would call again in two hours; I looked him very hard in the face, and said "I am afraid you have something in your pocket, which does not belong to you;" I felt him on his left side, and found a bulk - he hesitated: I said, "No nonsense, sir, I must see what you have" - he then drew these nine handkerchiefs from his pocket - he had not asked for them; he had gone three or four yards to possess himself of them.
Prisoner. You know it is false to say I took them from my pocket; you found them on your counter. Witness. I did not, they were taken from your pocket - he took off his coat and gave it me, but not till he had taken them out of his left hand pocket.


                  HENRY 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I was sent for, and took the prisoner. I found only 3d. in his pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. I deny the charge in toto - he asked what I had got; I said nothing - I took off my coat, and gave him; he was not satisfied with taking the handkerchiefs off the counter, but said I had taken them - I said it was not right; he said, "I shall detain you till my fellow-shopman comes in;" I sat down, and waited till he did come - he then sent for an officer; if I had gone to plunder, I should have made some attempt to escape.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATKINS
               



            . They were not on the counter -I saw them taken from his pocket, and had seen his hand go from that pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
