






420. 
               
                  
                     ANTHONY 
                     MESSENGER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of December
, 1 wooden bowl, value 6d.; 1 half-crown, 3 shillings, 6 sixpences, and 5 halfpence in copper money
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Monday
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  MONDAY
               



            . I live in Park-street, Camden-town


. On the 6th of December, at a quarter-past twelve o'clock, my wife and I were in the parlour behind my shop, which is a tobacconist
's - my wife told me she saw a man go quick out of the shop, and she was sure he had robbed us; I went out, and saw the witness, who asked if I had lost any thing - I said Yes, my till had been cleared; he said, "There they go," pointing to the two prisoners - we pursued, and took them; they both stopped running before they were taken - William was taken immediately, and Messenger soon afterwards; this bowl was found in the road, and had been in the till, but I have not seen the money - there had been sixteen or eighteen farthings in the bowl, and 6s. or 7s. in the till.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DREWELL
               



            . I am a carrier. I saw Williams standing at the prosecutor's door, and Messenger came out of the house - they passed me, running up Park-street, with a little bowl; the prosecutor looked out at his door - I asked if he had lost any thing; he said Yes, and I said, "There they are;" he said, "I don't know them;" I said, "I will go in pursuit of them, if you will give charge of them;" I took Williams, and then Messenger ran off and threw the bowl away.


                  CHARLES 
                  WYBER
               



            . I was at my window - I saw the prosecutor come out in his shirt sleeves; he had been shaving - I pursued the prisoners, and saw Messenger throw this bowl away.(Bowl produced and sworn to.)
Williams' Defence. We were not in Park-street at all.
MESSENGER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
