



413. 




FRANCIS JENNER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of January, 17lbs. weight of mutton, value 9s.; and 40lbs. weight of fat, value 10s.; the goods of 



Edward Spreckley.






EDWARD SPRECKLEY
. I am a butcher, and live in Albemarle-street. On the 2nd of January, I set the officer to watch my house—Merriman was in my employ—he was convicted yesterday.





GEORGE STONE
 (police-constable C 99.) I watched the prosecutor's shop, on the 2nd of January, about six o'clock in the morning—I saw the prisoner about the same time he was carrying a basket—he came from Grafton-street way—he passed the prosecutor's shop, went into Piccadilly, crossed the road, and went towards the Green-park—in the course of a few minutes, he returned, went up Albemarle-street, passed the shop, and looked in, the door being ajar—he went about half-way up Albemarle-street—he crossed, and stood on the opposite side of the way two or three minutes—he then walked down the street again into Piccadilly—I walked past him, and saw the basket he had in his hand was empty, and it had a cloth in it—he then went half-way up Albemarle-street again, and stood there for five or ten minutes—I then saw a boy come out of the prosecutor's shop, and go into Piccadilly—directly the boy was gone, the prisoner ran across

with the basket on his arm, and went into the shop—he came out directly without the basket—he went towards the end of the street in Piccadilly—while he stood there, Merriman came out of the shop, and looked up and down the street—he then went in again, and came out with the basket full, and a cloth over it, which he put on the steps of the next house—he then went to the shop door, and stood there—the prisoner then crossed over, and had some conversation with him—the prisoner then went and took the basket on his arm, from the steps of the next house, and walked away towards Grafton-street—I followed, and stopped him—I asked what he had got—he said, meat which he had just bought in Newport market—I asked him who he bought it of—he said he did not know—I said he had made quick work of it, as I had seen him with an empty basket just now at the bottom of the street—he said I must be mistaken, he was positive it was not him, he was just come from Newport market—I told him he was my prisoner—that I saw him give the empty basket into the butcher's shop, and I saw the butcher's man give it him out—I took him into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Where was he when Merriman brought the basket out and put it on the steps of the next house? A. At the corner of Albemarle-street, watching the boy go out of the shop—I saw Merriman bring out the meat, and I saw the prisoner at the same moment at the corner, which is only three or four doors from the shop—I was in a door-way nearly opposite—I saw the prisoner take the basket into the shop—he came out—he had nothing that I saw—I did not see Merriman when the prisoner went into the shop—he was in the shop, I suppose—I swear I saw the prisoner at the time Merriman brought out the basket—I had orders from the station-house to go there—I can swear the basket was not full when it went in—the prisoner did not speak to any other man before he went into the shop—he did not set the basket down before he got into the house—it was dark, but the gas was a-light—I was about twenty yards from him—I swear the basket was empty when he carried it on his arm.





EDWARD SPRECKLEY
. I saw the contents of the basket—it was my meat.

Cross-examined. Q. You cannot tell that? A. Yes; I can swear to the meat and the cut—I can swear to the colour of the fat—it was off my prize ox—it was so oily I could not sell it for suet, and I threw it into the fat—I can swear to the cut of it.

Q. Did not you say to the prisoner that you would not swear to it, but you was willing to buy it of him? A. No; the policeman took some other fat from his lodgings, after he was taken up—it was rather in a bad state—I could not swear to that—I said I would buy that of him, as it had better go to the fat-house—he told the policeman he had bought this fat at Newport market—he did not say he was passing down the street, and set the basket down, as it was heavy.

Prisoners Defence. It was my own property—the fat was the produce of some meat—I had bought the shoulder a day or two before—I had some business with Sergeant Vallance, and as I came back I saw somebody I thought I knew—I asked Merriman if I might put the basket down at the door—he said I might—I then ran up Piccadilly, and when I came back, I saw the basket at the step of the door—I had taken the meat from home—I was going to leave the fat at Mclntosh's—I thought I would put the neck of mutton in the basket, to try to sell it—I have some good customers—as to Mr. Spreckley saying he knew it by the fat, there

are thousands of that sort in London—no one can swear to it—I never went into his shop.

MR. PRENDERGAST
to
MR. SPRECKLEY. Q. Did you not state you were determined to hang or transport this man? A. No; I said I would follow the law to the utmost, if it cost me 1,000l.—if I have said what you state, it is more than I can recollect—I might say he deserved hanging.
(James Bird, William-street, Lisson-grove; and James Court, of Exeter-street; gave the prisoner a good character.)—See page 892.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
