



1543. 




JOHN GIBBS
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of April, 1 watch value 2l. 10s.; 1 watch ribbon, value 3d.; 1 watch key, value 6d.; and I musical snuff-box, value 10s., the goods of 



John Wood-burn.






CAROLINE AMELIA MERRYWEATHER
. I am servant to Mr. John Woodburn, of Windsor Terrace, City-road. On the 22nd of April the prisoner

called and drank tea with me and my young mistress—he left about half-past seven o'clock, and in the course of the evening a silver-gilt watch was missed, and a few hours after a musical snuff-box—I had not seen them that afternoon.

Q. Does the watch now produced resemble in every respect the watch that was in the house that evening? A. I do not know—I fancy this is larger than that—it had a bit of dirty ribbon on—I do not swear to this ribbon—it is the same colour—I do not know any thing about the key.

Q. Look at the snuff-box; was your master's snuff-box like this? A. We had one something like this, it was something similar, it was something like this colour—I do not know the name of the tune it played—there were two boxes in the house—I do not recollect what the other box played—I do not know whether they played dances—(the box was set playing)—I have heard something like this tune—Miss Woodburn took the other box away with her.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You do not swear to the tune you have just heard? A. No—I never had a musical education—neither the watch nor the boxes ever belonged to Mr. Woodburn, they belonged to Mr. Johnson, and my young mistress took care of them for him.





RICHARD SAYER
. I am in the service of James Sayer, a pawnbroker in Drury-lane. On the 23rd of April the prisoner pawned this watch for 30s., in the name of William Gibson, No. 33, Titchfield-street—he said it was his own.





WILLIAM HENRY BAYFIELD
. I am a pawnbroker. This musical box was pawned by the prisoner on the 22nd of April, in the name of William Gibson, No. 10, Ashley-crescent—to the best of my recollection in the after part of the day.

MRS. WOODBURN. I was not at home on the 22nd of April—Mr. Johnson left the watch and snuff-box with my daughter—I had not seen the watch that day—I have seen it about—I cannot say that this is it—I have no reason to know it—T do not think this is it—I have no knowledge of the snuff-box—there was a yellow snuff-box there—it resembled this in point of size.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe they were left in care of your daughter? A. Yes—I have known the prisoner three years, I had the highest opinion of him—my daughter is twenty-five years old—she lived at her father's.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
