





1609. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WEST
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Dowden
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  DOWDEN
               



            . I am an articled pupil to a surveyor
. On the 19th of September I was in Norton Falgate


, between seven and nine o'clock in the evening - a witness tapped me on the shoulder and asked me if I had lost my handkerchief - I missed it - my friend Mr. Gardner went for an officer, who took the prisoner.


                  ROBERT 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I was with Mr. Dowden - I went for the officer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I am a labourer. On the 19th of September I was standing in Shoreditch - I saw the prisoner and two other lads trying to pick a gentleman's pocket - I suppose there was nothing in it - they walked away - I followed them to Norton Falgate - they there tried several gentlemen's pockets - they then followed the prosecutor, and the prisoner took the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket - I took the prisoner and the handkerchief - the other two lads, with several others, came back and tried to rescue him, and the prisoner bit my finger.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BEDFORD
               



             (police-constable H 23). I went to Norton Falgate and took the prisoner - there was an immense mob, chiefly bad characters - I suppose not less than two hundred.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
