



515. 




THOMAS BAKER
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



John Selby Watson, on the 
6th of June, at 
Eltham, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 7 keys, value 7s.; 1 purse, value 1s.; 6 sovereigns, 4 half-sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, and 2 shillings; his goods and monies; and immediately before, and at the time of the said robbery, feloniously striking, beating, and using other personal violence to him.



MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN SELBY WATSON
. I live on my means, at Eltham. On Wednesday, the 6th of June, the last day of Greenwich fair, I was returning from Woolwich to my residence at Eltham—I had occasion to go down Well hall-lane—it wanted about twenty-five minutes to eleven o'clock when I was near the farm-house there—I met two soldiers in red coats, dressed as the prisoner is—they separated so as to oblige me to go between them—the one on my right hand wished me good night, and the other struck me with some weapon, which at that time I did not see—I was stunned by the blow, and fell—when I came to myself I found two men over me, one holding his hand over my mouth, and putting sand into it occasionally, and the other rifling my trowsers pocket—I had a purse in my pocket containing four half-sovereigns, and at least six sovereigns—there was about 7s. loose in my pocket—when I came to myself the one who was rifling my pocket had not got my money out—he got it out afterwards, and as soon as they had emptied the pocket containing the money, they scampered off towards Woolwich—I had a very severe wound in my head, which bled profusely at the time—I had about a mile to walk home from the spot—I heard a clock strike eleven more than a quarter of an hour after this violence.





HENRY HART
. I am a publican at Woolwich. On Wednesday, the 6th of June, I went to assist a friend at the Black Boy public-home in High-street, Greenwich, which is two or three miles from Well-hall-lane—I observed the prisoner come into the house about twelve o'clock that night, with four or five other marines.





WILLIAM FRANCIS
. I am a marine. I went off furlough to Woolwich, on the 23rd of July last, and soon after that I saw the prisoner in the Duchess of Wellington public-house—we had four pots of beer, each paid for two—he said, during the time he was drinking, if he had known I had been going on furlough so soon, he would have given me a sovereign to go on furlough with—I asked how he could give me a sovereign, for he had no more pay than me—he said, "Have you heard tell of the robbery that was committed at Eltham, on the 6th of June"—I said I had heard something about it—he said, "Mind what I am going to tell you, and don't let it go any further"—I agreed that it should go no further than me—he told me that Perceval and he were walking in the Eltham-road, on the 6th of June, and they met a man, and the prisoner said he up with his fist, and gave him a b—good hit on the head—that they picked seven sovereigns and some odd silver out of his pockets, and made the best of their way to the Black Boy, at Greenwich, and staid there till very early next morning; and the prisoner, Perceval, and two more marines, went to London, to sport with the money—that is all he said—I kept this secret till very lately, when there was some inquiry made about my being ill-treated, for giving information about something else, and then I made this disclosure—I have not had any quarrel with the prisoner—I do not belong to the same mess with him—I did once, but did not at the time of the robbery—when he paid for the porter at the Duchess of Wellington, I saw him take a little bag out of his pocket; and when he took the money out he said, "This is some of the money I had of him; it is not half spent yet;"—he treated me with two pots of ale, after he paid for the two pots of porter.

COURT.. I believe before you told this you had been sent for about

a pair of stockings, which had been stolen? A. Yes—they were stolen out of No. 3 mess—I was asked about that, I was not charged with taking them—Lieutenant-adjutant Wood then asked me about the robbery at Eltham—I had not before that made any communication to any body—I was asked what I knew about it—I said I would consider of it, and let them know in the course of a week—I was working at Lieutenant Wood's stables, inquiry was made again of me about the Eltham business, and I then told—I told Lieutenant Wood the same as I have told you to-day.





JAMES WATTS
. I am high-constable of Woolwich. I saw the prisoner in the cage, after he had been before the Justice on this charge—I made a memorandum at the time of what he said—I told him I was bound to take down in writing whatever he said to me, as it was probable it might be brought before him at another period, and be given in evidence—I made him no promise or threat whatever—it came out in this way—he said, "Will you have the goodness to inform Sir John Webb (who is a Magistrate) that I am innocent of the charge, and I will tell you all about it"—(referring to his memorandum)—he said, "I was walking on the road, to meet a female, and the first person I met was a man with a bag across his shoulders—I went a little further, and saw the gentleman lying on the road, and Norton with his arm on the gentleman's shoulder, and his hand appeared over his mouth—he drew his head with an inclination for me to go away, which I did—he came up, and gave me part of the money—I afterwards met Perceval at the dock-yard gate, and we both went to Greenwich—Norton could tell that the man who died in the hospital was with him when he robbed the gentleman—I am sure Norton will not contradict what I have here stated"—I took that down from his own lips.

Prisoner. Yes, I told Mr. Watts so in the cage.





JOHN DRAKE FINCH
. I am clerk to the Justices at Woolwich. I remember a marine named Perceval being in custody on this charge some time before the 15th of June last—another marine named Norton was a witness against him—the prisoner came forward as a witness on behalf of Perceval—he was sworn, and I took down his evidence, in the presence of the Justices—I produce the deposition which he then made—(read)—"Thomas Baker sworn, says—I belong to the 28th Company of Royal Marines—on Wednesday, the 6th of June, I met Perceval, opposite the dock-yard gate, in Woolwich, about half-past nine o'clock—he and I went together on the Lower-road to Greenwich—we went to the Black Boy at first, and there we remained all night—no one but Perceval and I went in—we met some comrades there—I am quite certain I did not leave the barracks with Perceval at six o'clock—I am sure Best did not go into the Black Boy with us—I am sure Perceval and I did not go half-way up the fair, or in it at all—on Thursday we went to London—we walked—I had half-a-crown—I don't know what Perceval had." This deposition was taken on the 15th of June, when Perceval was in custody—he was afterwards discharged—on the 14th of December the prisoner was himself brought before the Justice on this charge—the Magistrate then directed the deposition which he had previously made, and which I have just read, to be read over to him, and I made a note upon ft of what the prisoner then said, which is, "The said Thomas Baker declares, that he does not recollect what he then stated"—I should state that the latter part of the deposition just read were answers to questions put by the Magistrates, in consequence of Perceval's previous statement—and the last four or five

questions were put by the Magistrate, to contradict Perceval—on the 14th of December, when the prisoner was charged with this offence, he was asked what he had to say, and I took down from his mouth what he said—this is the statement he made—(looking at it)—after it was taken down I read it over to him, and he put his mark to it—he was cautioned by the Magistrate, as well as by myself not to say a single word to criminate himself nothing was said to him in the way of promise—there were two or three Justices present—(read)—"Thomas Baker says—I was going on Eltham-road, on Greenwich Fair night, to meet a young woman, and I went to the side of the road to ease myself, and during the time I was easing myself a man passed along the road—he appeared as if he had a bag on his back—he did not speak to me nor I to him—I went on the road, and when I came down by the side of the road, I saw something lay by the side of the road, which I walked up to—I could see it was some marines, with waist belts on—one of the men I directly knew at the time I stepped up, and he throwed his head to me to go back—I did not go back, and weat down on my hands and knees, and looked in on the men—and I say another man right over the man's hips, and I saw it was Norton, and the other man I did not know—I got up and went, and Norton came and ran after me, after I had got some distance, and offered me some money, which I took, and I asked him what it was for, and I told him it was not his money, and that I should have nothing at all to do with it—he took it, and asked me what I was afraid of, and he gave me some silver, and said it was some money his father and mother had given him, to buy some things with—on the Lower-road of Greenwich I met Perceval, and him and me went to Greenwich together—we met Hunt, Jones, and a woman there, and there we stopped, till the policeman came and turned us out—I looked at that gentleman—(pointing to the prosecutor)—Norton told me the other man died at the hospital."

Prisoner's Defence. I am not guilty—I have no witnesses.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.

