





1044. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     ARUNDEL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of April
, 1 sovereign
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Arundel
                  




               
            .
ROBERT ARUNDEL. I live in Maxwell's-buildings, Long-alley, Shoreditch


; the prisoner is my eldest daughter of four - she has behaved very well, and been a second mother to my other children since the death of my wife; but within the last two or three years she has got into bad company, and taken bad steps; I have reproved her for it, and called in respectable persons to speak to her - she slept in the next room to me with the children. On the morning of the 28th of April she awoke me at an early hour, by taking my trousers from under my head, where I had placed them over night; I missed a sovereign from the pocket, which I had seen safe when I laid out some money the evening before - I had gone to bed about eleven o'clock; she left the room immediately after the trousers were drawn from under my head - I went after her, and found her in a gin-shop with some low characters; the officer found 8s. 6d. on her - I wish to do her no injury, but to bring her to repentance.
THOMAS PETCH. I am a superintendent of the watch. On the morning of the 28th of April, at a quarter before four o'clock, I was near the corner of Sun-street, and saw the prisoner coming towards me - she was in company with a man, and appeared to me to say she should not go with him that distance for the small quantity of liquor he had given her; she then came towards me, and said she would not go with him while she had that in her hand, and produced a sovereign; I thought it was copper, but she showed it to me again, and I saw it was good - she said she had plenty more at home, and she went skipping towards Spital-square; she told me she lived in Long-alley - I said that was a long place; she then said it was in Maxwell's-buildings - I saw her father about half-past six o'clock, and took her at the Phoenix wine-vaults: the place I saw her at is two or three hundred yards from her father's - she had 8s. 4d. when she was taken.


                  GEORGE 
                  GRAVES
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 28th of April the prisoner was taken to Worship-street office, and when she had been there half an hour she produced a half-sovereign, and asked me to get her some drink.
Prisoner's Defence. My father said at the office that he awoke while I was going down stairs; the door is never locked - it is free of access to any one.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
