





Before Mr. Justice Alderson.
187. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     WATTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Harvey
                     




                  , on the 14th of December
, at St. Pancras, and stealing therein 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 6d., and 1 spoon, value 6d., his property; and that he, at the delivery of the King's gaol of Newgate, holden for the county of Middlesex, at Justice Hall, in the Old Bailey, on the 14th of February, 1833, was convicted of felony
            .
WILLIAM HARVEY. I keep the Duke of Clarence public-house, Pancras-road




, in the parish of St. Pancras; on the morning of the 14th of December the house was broken open - I went to bed at eleven o'clock on the night of the 13th - I was the last person up, and left it safe - I locked the door, and bolted the tap-room door leading to the yard inside - I was awoke about one o'clock by a loud knocking at the front door - I got up; the policeman said, there were thieves in the house - I looked at the window, and saw somebody escaping across some tiles, leading to a lead fiat - I got out of the window and took hold of the prisoner, who I had known some time before, and am sure it was him - I said, "You scoundrel, where are you going? stop;" he said, "What are you going to do?" - I said, "WhatTeddy, is it you? you must go with me;" he then threw something out of his hand into an adjoining court - I heard it rattle like money or metal - I turned him round and pushed him through my bed-room to the top of the stairs; he threatened to smash me to pieces if I did not let him go - I gave him a jerk, and he fell from the top of the stairs to the bottom - I put on my clothes, and when I got down stairs he was gone to the station-house - I am quite sure it was the prisoner - I then directed the policeman's attention to where he had thrown something away; and after returning from the station-house, I examined the premises, and found the tap-room door, which was bolted inside, had been opened into the yard, where the prisoner was escaping; a person could not get out of the house into the yard without unbolting that door - I found a square of glass broken in the tap-room window - I will not say it was not broken the afternoon before; the window-frame was broken, and the shutters shoved down; it was safe the night before; opening the square of glass would enable a person to push the shutters down, and get into the tap-room from the street; according to my judgment, that was the way he got in - I missed from the till, in the bar, 5d. in half-pence, and from the cupboard, in the bar-parlour, a pair of plated sugar-tongs and a spoon; the sugar-tongs were in the sugar at nine o'clock the evening before - I accompanied the policeman to where he had thrown something away, and I found three half-pence; and one policeman picked up a plated spoon and sugar-tongs, and some half-pence; some of the half-pence were on the lead-flat, where I took the prisoner.
MICHAEL THOMPSON. I am a policeman - I was going my rounds, near Mr. Harvey's house, on the night in question, and observed the area-gate, which leads to the tap-room window open from the wall, and the tap-room window drawn down half-way - I went my rounds, came back to the house, and stood by a door leading to a court - I heard a noise inside, and footsteps of somebody come towards the side door, as if to listen, then return and go back to behind where he made a noise; the footsteps came back again, and I heard the bolt drawn gently from the door; the noise went back again, and then went up to the parlour; and I heard a loud noise within - then the footsteps came towards the door, as if he was walking on the top of his feet; a constable came to my assistance - I placed him at the door, and I went to the front door and gave the alarm; and after some time, a female answered me from the first floor window - I told her to make haste and open the door - I heard that the thieves were escaping at the back of the house, and, in a few minutes, the prisoner was taken - I heard a cry of policeman, and found him in custody of Parish; Mr. Harvey came down dressed - I am sure it was the prisoner that was found that night - I have known him a long time; another constable took him to the station-house.
Prisoner. I wish to know if he saw any marks of violence on the shutters? Witness. I saw marks of violence on the window and the sash, as if it was fresh broken - I went on the lead flat afterwards, and found the spoon and sugar-tongs.


                  JOHN 
                  FITZPATRICK
               



            . I am a policeman - I heard the rattle spring - I immediately ran to the place, and took the prisoner into custody inside the house - he was inside the door, outside the bar - I found no property on him - I took him into custody, and he immediately dropped down, as if very drunk; but I believe he was sober: he walked as steady to the station-house as I did; and as we went along he put his hand into his pocket, and dropped some money out of his pocket - after putting him into the station-house, I brought a light, and picked up two half-pence, and two farthings, on that place.
MR. HARVEY. I know the spoon - there is no particular mark on the tongs; but they are like mine - he did not use any violence to me - I think it very likely the fall down stairs might have made him sober - I think when I first laid hold of him he was intoxicated - I have seen him intoxicated before - I believe he has no command over himself at those times.
Prisoner's Defence (written)."On the day stated in the indictment I had been drinking freely all the afternoon - I went into the Duke of Clarence public-house late in the evening, for the purpose of going to the water-closet, where, overcome with liquor, I unfortunately fell asleep, and remained in that situation until I heard a noise, which awoke me - I endeavoured, after I found myself in this situation, to get out and make my escape over the leads - the landlord found me making the attempt, and challenged me - I went towards him - we went down stairs, and he gave me into custody of the police, from whence I was taken into the station-house - after searching me, nothing was found upon me; nor do I know anything of the articles found by the policeman - I entirely throw myself on your merciful consideration and humanity - I am innocent of the crime, and was unfortunately found on the premises through the circumstance I have stated - I leave my case for the mercy of the court, and place myself entirely in their hands."
CHARLES FREDERICK FIELD. I took the prisoner on the 2d of February last, for stealing a quantity of sharouts, value 5s. - he was tried here - I produce a certificate of his conviction - (read) - the prisoner is the same person.
Prisoner. When I was brought here on that charge I was quite innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. 


               Transported for Life
            .
