



1941. 




HENRY SADLER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of August, 82 yards of lace, value 3l. 10s., the goods of 



Charles Flower Murfin, and another.


MESSRS. PHILLIPS
and
CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.
JOSEPH NORBURY. I am an assistant in the house of Messrs. Charles Flower Murfin and Dry, at Nos. 97 and 98, Tottenham Court-road. On the 17th of August, about eight o'clock, I was at breakfast, and was called by a person of the name of Lawrie—I went into the shop, and there saw the prisoner—I had frequently seen him at the shop before, and I had known him by the name of Hall—I went to him, and said, "Good morning, Mr. Hall, have you been to Covent Garden-market?"—he said, "No"—I said, "You have got some lavender there"—he said, "Yes"—I walked with him to the door, when he had got what he wanted, and then I said, "Mr. Hall, I want to say a word to you; one of our young men tells me you have got two cards of lace done up with the lavender; walk up with me, I should like to be satisfied"—in going up stairs, he said to me, "Mr. Nor bury"—I said, "What?"—he said, "I have something, don't say any thing about it"—when I got up stairs I undid the parcel, and found two cards of Blonde-lace, eighty-two yards in the whole, worth between 3l. and 4l.—he said, "Don't say any thing about it"—I said, "I must name it to Mr. Dry, he may do as he pleases about it."





JOHN HICKFORD LAWRIE
. I am shopman to the prosecutors. On the 17th of August I was in the shop, and saw the prisoner take two cards of Blonde-lace, lay the lavender on them, and then screw it up—I went to Mr. Norbury, and told him he had got two cards of lace—he had brought the lavender with him—he rolled the lavender and lace up in two pieces of brown paper—these are the two cards of lace—I had been observing the prisoner for about a month or five weeks—there is a gentleman of the name of Craven, a shopman there.

Prisoner. Q. Don't you think that the lace might be wrapped up by accident, in the number of sheets of paper I took? Witness. Impossible.





WILLIAM CRAVEN
. I am shopman to the prosecutors. I remember the prisoner coming, he purchased some quilling and nett—he paid for them—he asked to see some blondes, and I showed him a box of them—he looked them over, and said they would not do—after that, he asked for three yards of nett, which I sold him—he asked to see some ribbon wire—I had occasion to leave him and the box, to get the ribbon wire from the warehouse at the back—upon my return, he said the ribbon wire would not do—he had purchased ribbon wire before, and he knew that I should have to go to the warehouse to get it.


Prisoner. Q. What was the reason the ribbon wire would not do? Do you recollect the observation I made, and which you admitted your self? Witness. You said it was not the right sort.

Prisoner. No; I said it was very dirty.





JAMES GARDNER
 (police-constable N 84.) The prisoner was given into custody to me—I took him to the station-house—he gave his right name—I heard him say he was sorry for it, no more nor less.

Prisoner's Defence. I beg to say, that it really was as I represented—I bought some lavender coming along, of a boy in the street—I came to the shop, and asked for a piece of brown paper, or rather took a piece of paper from the end of the counter, and not finding one piece large enough, I took three different pieces—I laid them on the counter, and put my lavender down on it—I then asked for the box of blondes, and they were put before me—I threw them out carelessly on the counter, to see if there was the pattern I wanted—I threw these two cards on the counter, and it would appear from one of the witnesses that I picked up the lavender and threw it on the blonde—now I do not recollect the circumstance, but it might be so—I rolled the whole up together, but it was by mistake—as to the observation made, the shopman came and asked me to go up stairs with him, which I readily did, and in going up stairs I found I had something in the paper, and I begged him to say nothing about it.
(John Russell gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(The witness Lawrie stated, that on searching the prisoner's house £20 worth of the prosecutor's property was found.)
