





1459. 



ELIZABETH MANNING,



 CAROLINE ANN LUCAS
, and 



FREDERICK JOHN SPRING
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
14th of April, 4 sovereigns, the monies of 



Joseph Eastwood, since deceased, from his person.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ELIZABETH CLEERE
. I reside with my father at No. 61, Nelson-square, Blackfriars-road. Joseph Eastwood was servant to my father—the last occasion on which he was paid his wages was

on Saturday, the 14th of April, about eleven or twelve o'clock in the morning—I cannot rightly say—he obtained permission, and went out about three o'clock—I paid him myself a £5 note, a half sovereign, and 2s.





JOSEPH HOUGHTON
. I am a chair-maker, and live at No. 35, Stangate-street, Lambeth. I knew Joseph Eastwood, the deceased—my brother married his sister—about half-past four o'clock on Saturday, the 14th of April, he called at our factory—I accompanied him to the Pheasant public-house in Stangate-street, very shortly after he called—we had a glass of brandy-and-water together, which he paid for—he took out his purse, and emptied the contents into his hand—I saw some sovereigns and some silver—I should judge there were between four and five sovereigns—he parted with me about a quarter to six o'clock, and went towards Westminster-bridge, saying he was going to Chelsea.





JOHN WHITTAKER
. I am waiter at the New Star and Crown public-house, Broadway, Westminster. I have known the prisoners Spring and Lucas three months—they were customers at our house—I have seen them there frequently, at different times, and mostly together—on Saturday evening, the 14th of April, Spring came into our house accompanied by a gentleman who I never saw before—I have since seen the deceased Eastwood, and recognised him as the person who came—they had four pots of half-and-half, and half a pint of gin-and-spruce—they came in together at first, and in about five minutes after, Lucas and the witness Edensor came in and joined them, and they all drank together—Spring shook hands with Jane Edensor, and offered her the pot of half-and-half to drink out of—they sat down together, and kept on drinking till eight o'clock, when the deceased asked me what time it was—I told him eight o'clock—he wished to get up, and told me to go for a cab when I brought up the third pot—I was in the act of going for one, when Spring said no, he was a friend of his, and he would see him home himself—they then sat down together again—at near nine o'clock the deceased got up and went out, unseen by the prisoners, apparently—I saw him go out—I observed Lucas turn her head round, and miss the deceased—she followed him to the door, and caught hold of his arm at the door—I saw her go away with him, holding his arm—they walked towards the Broadway—Spring and Edensor remained in the house about an hour after that—I did not see them go away—I was out at the time.

Q. Did you observe whether or not the deceased drank the liquor that was Drought? A. Yes; he drank some beer, but none of the spirits—when he went away he walked perfectly steady—he did not appear at all drunk—the deceased paid for the beer and spirits—I did not hear Spring make any observation about money while there—but when the deceased paid for his third pot, he put his hand into his trowsers, and said he had another purse there—he had a red purse in his hand at the time with a few shillings—that was said in the presence of the two prisoners and Edensor.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. What time did they come to your house? A. Six o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did not Edensor and Spring remain more than an hour after the deceased and Lucas went away? A. I do not believe they did—I went out at ten minutes to nine o'clock, and when I returned at ten o'clock they were gone—I was not gone an hour and a half—I do not think I was gone more than an hour—I believe I

have seen Spring and Lucas coming to our house together for about there months, but I cannot positively say—Edensor was the person Spring appeared to be acquainted with—he shook hands with her.

Lucas. He stated that he did not know Edensor, but only knew me and Spring; but he knew Edensor as long as he knew me. Witness. They always came together to the house—I hare known one as long as the other.





FRANCES PHILLIPS
. I am single, and live at No. 1, New-way Court. I know the prisoners Lucas and Manning, by living next door to then—between eleven and twelve o'clock, on Saturday evening, the 14th of April, I saw Manning in Tothill-street—she asked me to go to Mr. Green's, in Tothill-street, and get a penny-worth of laudanum—she did not say what she wanted it for—she gave me a tea-cup to fetch it in, and I fetched it—when I came back she was standing outside Mr. Green's—I gave her the tea-cup, with the laudanum in it, and she wished me good night—she had not previously said any thing to me about her tooth.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did she tell you it was for Caroline? A. No—I did not inquire what it was for—she did not tell me Carry had got the tooth-ache—she never mentioned her—she had some gin and cloves in her hand—she did not tell me the was going for wood—when I came out I found her next door to Green's, waiting for me, at's baker's shop.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was she standing next door to the place where she asked you to go and get the laudanum? A. Yes—she did not say why she did not go herself for it.

Lucas. She said at the office Mrs. Manning gave her the cup to get laudanum, because Carry had got the tooth-ache very bad.

COURT. Q. Did you not say at the office that she sent you for 1d. worth of laudanum for the tooth-ache, for it is so in your deposition? A. No, I did not say so—she said nothing about the tooth-ache—I have sworn that already—it is true she did not say so.

Q. You have sworn before, "She asked me to go round for her to Mr. Green's for 1d. worth of laudanum, for the tooth-ache?" A. Yes, "I have—she did not mention the tooth-ache—it is not correct.





WILLIAM SIMMONS SAXBY
. I am in the service of Mr. Green, a chemist, at No. 11, Tothill-street. On Saturday night, the 14th of April, I recollect a person coming into the shop for laudanum—I do not recollect Phillip's person—I served a 1d. worth in a tea-cup to a woman—I suppose there was from forty to sixty drops.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Whether it was this woman you do not know? A. No—we serve a great deal of laudanum in that neighbourhood—I do not know that women of this kind frequenty indulge themselves by taking laudanum—persons in the lower rank of life do not many of them come for laudanum—we frequently serve it to life lower class of people, but not particularly to women—I sold laudanum that day to other people, and that evening, for the tooth-ache—the person who came for it applied for it for the tooth-ache—the laudanum fetched in the cup was for the tooth-ache.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What effect would a penny-worth of laudanum have when administered to a person? A. It depends whether the persons was accustomed to take it—if he was not accustomed to take it it would

stupify him, make him drowsy and sleepy, and more so if administered in liquor—I should say it would have a greater effect if taken in ardent spirits or beer—I cannot say if the effect would last longer than if taken simply.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. It is not your business to know the effect of these things? A. No—forty drops of laudanum are frequently ordered, and frequently sold—we frequently sell to people who take forty drops at a time—it sometimes happens that the same quantity of laudanum which acts as a sedative on one person, on another person would act as a stimulant, and excite him very much.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you ever, know forty drops of laudanum taken for the tooth-ache? A. No.





THOMAS JAMES ANDERTON
. I live at No. 3, Grey-coat-place, Westminster, near Rochester-row, and am a journeyman butcher. I have known Lucas by sight for nearly three years—she is an unfortunate girl—I do not know Edensor except from being along with Lucas—I do not know where Lucas lived—on Sunday morning, the 5th of April between, twelve and not o'clock I had been over to my sister's in the Cornwall-road, and in coming house met a young man—I walked with him to Westminster-bridge, and about one o'clock I met Lucas and Edensor coming over the bridge towards Lambeth—Lucas caught hold of my arm and said, "Will you have something to drink?"—we went back with them—I went with Lucas, and the young man went with Edensor, who went to the Old Rose public-house by the Marsh-gate—Edensor was walking behind me—as we were going along, Lucas called to her to ask her if she had enough half-pence to treat us with—she said she had not—Lucas said, "I stall be obliged to change a sovereign"—in going along Lucas said she had been picking up a man of 5l., and that she gave 4l. to her landlady, and was going to give her half-a-sovereign to get the man out—she said they were not going home before Sunday night, and they would be able to get the man out by that time—I asked her who were in it, and she said, "Only me and the other girl," meaning Edensor—we went into the public-house and drank together—Lucas changed a sovereign—we had 6d. worth of gin and cleves, 3d. worth of brandy, a pot of 6d. ale, and a penny biscuit.

Cross-examined by
MR. PENDERGAST. Q. Did she tell you what she gave the four sovereigns to the landlady for? A. To keep them for her—the did not say whether the landlady was present when she picked the man up—the conversation occurred by Astley's theatre, near the Old Rose—we did not talk about it again when we got to the public-house—Edensor was not many paces off when that expression was used—I do not believe she heard it.

Cross-exanined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. The young man was an acquaintance of yours? A. He was a stranger—I had met him coming along.

Lucas. It is false what he states.





MARY LLOYD
. My brother keeps the Old Rose public-house, Marshgate; I live with him. On Saturday night, the 14th of April, I remember a party of two men and two women coming to the house between twelve and one o'clock—they had sometbing to drink—I cannot exactly say whether a male or female paid for it—I was paid with a sovereign—I put the change on the counter before them—I cannot say who took it up—it came 1s. 4d.





ROBERT QUADLING
. I am a butcher, and lived at No, 5, New-way-court, at the time of this transaction. On Sunday night, the 15th of April,

between eight and nine o'clock, Edensor came to my house and made a statement to me, in consequence of which I went to a house, No. 2, Newway-court, kept by the prisoner Manning—I there found the deceased, Eastwood, in the parlour, in a chair by the side of the fire—Mrs. Manning was with him, standing in the room—Eastwood said he was very bad, sat asked me to take him home to his brother's—I said I would, and told him it was an unthankful office to take anybody home that had been robbed—it was in consequence of a communication made to me by Edensor that I said that—he said he would be very thankful if I would take him to his brother's in Strutton-ground—I got him out of his chair with the assistance of Edensor—he could hardly stand at all—Manning offered to lend him a stick, which she brought him—that was too weak—I fetched a stronger one, then assisted him to his brother's, and left him in charge of a lady who was there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. When you got to the house did Mrs. Manning appear very anxious that he should be taken home to his relations? A. Yes—she said he appeared very ill, and it was neccesary to take him home as soon as possible—he had a coat on when I saw him—Manning did not tell me that she understood that Eastwood of Strutton-ground was a relation of his—he told me himself to take him there—Edensor told me to take him to Strutton-ground—Manning was present, and the man himself said that it was a butcher's shop, and that Eastwood was his brother—he made no complaint against anybody—he was very ill indeed.





JANE EDENSOR
. I resided at No. 2, New-way-court, on the 14th April—the house was kept by Mrs. Manning, the prisoner—I know the other two prisoners—I had not known Lucas above three months before the 14th of April—I went to live with her at Manning's house—I had only known her about a week before that time—I had known Spring for about six weeks before this time—on Saturday evening, the 14th of April, I went into the New Star and Crown, and found Lucas, Spring, and the deceased Eastwood there—it was between eight and nine o'clock, or it might be nine o'clock—I drank there with them—I remember Eastwood going out, Lucas followed him—I was left behind with Spring, and remained with him about an hour—I then left with him, and went to Tothill-street, where he left me—I saw him again a little after twelve o'clock, between Dean-street and Tothill-street, and he told me Caroline wanted me—she was standing at the top of Little Dean-street, I could see her there—I went to her, and Spring continued with us—she said she had been wanting me—Spring was by—I cannot tell whether he heard or not—I did not take particular notice who stood nearest, we were altogether—she said she had been wanting me, she had got a pull of 4l.—she showed me four sovereigns, and asked me if I had any money—I asked her whether she got it from the man she went out of the Star and Crown with, and she said, "Yes"—I told her I had 1s. 9d.—she gave me eighteenpence, and said that was all the silver she had, and desired me to take down to Mrs. Manning the 3s. and to tell her to turn the man out in the morning—I went and found Mrs. Manning in bed with her husband—I gave her 3s., and told her Lucas said she was to turn the man out in the morning—Manning said, "Very well; I had better blow the candle out, and lock the door"—she meant where the man was—I came straight through the passage, and never opened the door—I went back to Lucas—I could see the light in the room through the

window, where Eastwood was—I found Lucas where I had left her with Spring—she said we had better all take a walk over the water—we went towards Westminster-bridge, and at the foot of the bridge Spring wished us good night, and said he would go home—I and Lucas went over the bridge, and met two young men—Lucas took the arm of one, and I the other—we went to the first public-house, just before you come to the Marsh-gate, and had something to drink—Lucas changed a sovereign to pay—we left the young men in the public-house, and returned over the bridge to Mrs. Russel, in the Almonry, and paid eighteen pence to sleep there—I was with Lucas all the following day, Sunday, and on Sunday night she told me to go home and see if the man was gone—I went home, and saw Mrs. Manning in the passage, and she said the man had been very ill, and she had given him some tea—I went into the parlour, and saw Eastwood there on the bed, and recognised him as the person who had been at the Star and Crown—I then went and made a communication to Quadling, and brought him to the house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did Mrs. Manning send yon to Quadling? A. No; I wanted Mr. Manning to take the man home—Mrs. Manning said the butcher (Quadling) might take him home—the man complained of being very cold—I borrowed one penny of Mrs. Manning, and made a fire in the room—I bought a candle and some wood, and lighted the fire—he had sent to his brother's, I understood, for a coat—I made that out from him himself, that he had sent to his brother's on Sunday for a coat, and got one—it was after twelve o'clock when I went on Saturday night to Mrs. Manning—it might be twenty minutes after—I found her in bed—I told her Caroline had got 4l. out of a man, and that she wished her to turn him out in the morning—I told her Caroline had left him in her room, and had sent her 3s. to wish her to turn him out in the morning—Mrs. Manning remained in bed while she was talking to me—I did not tell her how she had got the 4l. out of the man—I did not know—I do not think I asked Lucas how she got it—Mrs. Manning told me to blow out the light, and lock the door.

Lucas. She states that she came into the public-house, and there was I, and Spring, and the deceased—and Whitaker says we both came in together, I and the witness—I gave her 3s. to take home on the Saturday night Witness, No, it was eighteenpence—I had 1s. 9d. of my own to make up the 3s.—you did not give me 3s. at the Crown and New Star.

Lucas. There was 2s. 8d. of it for drink.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When you saw Spring and Lucas together in Tothill-street, did you observe any sailor there? A. There was a sailor a little way off—I do not know whether he had been with Spring or not, but Spring spoke to him—I did not see much difference in Spring—Lucas went into the Star and Crown first—we did not go together—I had left her at home and found her there.





WILLIAM SIMON EASTWOOD
. I am a butcher, and am the brother of the deceased, I live at No. 71, Strutton-ground. On Sunday evening my brother was brought to my house—he appeared very sleepy and dosing, and complained of being cold—he sat down by the fire and retched once—that was about nine o'clock—he went to sleep nearly the whole time—about twelve o'clock I awoke him and put him in bed—he then threw himself back in his chair, and I perceived his chin to drop—he asked for tea, which I gave him before that—when I saw his chin drop I touched

him and spoke to him—he did not answer me, and I went for the doctor, who immediately came—he did not retch after the doctor came—the doctor is not here—I did not observe his breath at all.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did not he appear to be very drunk? A. I could not say—I did not smell liquor—I was applied to on Sunday, before he came home, and sent him a coat and waistcoat—a young man, a stranger, came to me for them—and he came home in those things—the young man who came was not a policeman.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you seen the coat he went out in since? No, nor heard of it—the coat I sent him on Sunday is the only one belonging to him that I have seen.





WILLIAM MORAN
. I am Inspector of the B division of the Police. On Sunday, the 15th of April, at twelve o'clock at noon, Manning came to the station-house, and told me that two of the lodgers, Edensor and Lucas, who had her front parlour, had been absent the whole night, since between seven and eight o'clock the previous evening—she said she wanted to get into the room, knocked at the door, and found that the key was inside—no person answered, and she believed there was a man inside, and she was very much frightened, that whoever was there had no business there—she wished the police to go and see who it was—I sent Fowler there—on the Monday morning I went to Mr. Eastwood, and there found the deceased—I searched his person and found a purse, containing three duplicates and three bits of paper, which I produce—on one piece was written, "Frederick John Spring, 47, Stafford-place, Pimlico"—I shoved that paper to Spring, and he said that was his handwriting—I went that morning into the front parlour at No. 2, New-court, between nine and ten o'clock, and saw Lucas, Edensor, and Spring there at breakfast—while I was there Manning came down stairs—I cautioned each of them, before I asked any questions, to be cautious how they answered me—I did not tell them it would be better to confess, or worse if they did not—I told them the man who had been in that room was dead, and asked who brought him to that room—Edensor and Lucas both told me they had left their room on the Saturday, between seven and eight o'clock together—I said, "I asked who brought the man there?"—there was no answer made to that—both said they left the room between seven and eight o'clock—Lucas said she did not return home again till twelve o'clock on the Sunday night, and she had never seen the man—Edensor said she returned between fix and seven o'clock on the Sunday evening, and saw the man there for the first time, and whoever had brought him had to get in with a false key, as she had the key in her possession—(she afterwards told me at the station-house that Caroline had the key part of the time—I think Lucas was present, but I am not certain—I had taken them all there together)—Spring said he was in company with the deceased on the Saturday night, but that neither Edensor nor Lucas were present at all—that was said in the presence of Lucas and Edensor, and they said the same as him, that they were not present—I found a wineglass in the parlour cupboard in their presence, it smelt strongly of cloves—I asked what the liquor was brought in—Edensor said, when she returned home, between six and seven on Sunday evening she saw a glass and jug on the table, and that they were not there when she left on the Saturday, and how they came there she did not know—I asked first where the jug was—Manning said her husband threw it backwards somewhere—Edensor went out and brought this jug, which I produce—I then took

Spring, Lucas, and Edensor into custody—on the following Wednesday, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, I went to the house again—I went to the room of the prisoner Manning and found her there—I told her I came to take her into custody, for being concerned in robbing the man who died there—I looked into the cupboard, and she asked me what I was looking for—I said I wanted to find the teacup the laudanum had been fetched in on the Saturday night—she said it was not there—she said it was a light cup, and she believed it was down stairs in the parlour—I went down into the parlour—she followed me, and I found a cup in the cupboard, which I produce—she said she believed it was the cup in which the laudanum had been fetched—she told me she had been draws into it very innocently—she wanted to know what would be done to her if she spoke the truth—I cautioned her, and told her if she wanted to tell the Magistrate any thing, no doubt he would hear her—I then took her to the station-house—I was going to put the jug, glass, and cup into a handkerchief when she saw the jug she said, that it was the jug the gin and cloves were fetched in, and it had been poured into that glass.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did she say she had never been in the room on the Saturday night at all? A. She did—that was before I took her into custody, when I was there on Monday morning—she said she had been drawn into it quite innocently—she did not say, "I don't know what they did to him"—she asked what would be done to her if she told the truth.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. I believe you showed the paper with the name of "Spring" on it, to him? A. Yes; he acknowledged it to be his handwriting—I inquired at the direction, and found his mother lives there.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did he give you any notion how that paper got into the deceased's pocket? A. Yes—he said the man who was dead seemed very partial to him when he was drinking at the public-house, and he wished to see him again; and he wrote that and gave it to him.

Lucas. Q. When you came to my room on Monday morning, after questioning us all, did not you say to us all, "If I had the least suspicion in the world I would make sure of every one of you now?" A. I never said a word like it—I said the man had lost money, and you said, "I have got no money," holding up your feet, and saying, "I want to buy a pair of shoes."

Lucas. Fowler said, "There is a new shop open in Tothill-fields where you can buy a pair of shoes"—I said I only had a shilling—he told us not to go out, and we did not; and in about three quarters of an hour he came back, and took me and Edensor into custody. Witness. Nothing of the sort passed—I first spoke to Spring—he said he had been with the deceased on Saturday night—I went with him to the house, where he said he had been to call about a situation—I ascertained from the potman who had been there with him—I then came back, and Lucas was out for a few minutes—then I took them down to the station-house—I did not take Manning till Wednesday.

Lucas. He left me alone for half an hour. Witness. I did not—I merely went with Spring to the public-house, then came back, and took, her and Edensor.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you quite sure he said they were not present, or that they were not there when he first met with the man? A. I did

not put that question to him—it was stated by the potman, in his presence—Spring said, neither of the girls were in his company on the Saturday night—he said distinctly they were not in their presence at all when they were there that Saturday night, when he saw Eastwood.





JAMES FOWLER
 (police-constable B 84.) On Sunday morning, the 15th of April, at a quarter before twelve o'clock, the prisoner Manning came to the police-station, in the New-way—she asked the Inspector's advice for the purpose of sending a constable to her house, for she stated some person was there, who she thought had no business there—several questions were put to her by the Inspector, and he ultimately sent me—when I went with her to the place in New-way-court, she pointed out the front parlour to me—I tried the door of the front parlour, it was unlocked—it opened immediately, the key was on the inside—when I went in, I saw a man sitting on the side of the bed, leaning with his back against the wall, underneath the window—he had neither coat nor waistcoat on—his trowsers were unbuttoned and his trowsers-pockets turned inside out—I saw a purse lying on the bed against the right-hand pocket—there were two duplicates and a memorandum in the purse—they are here—he was quite insensible and quite cold—I went up to him and laid hold of him by the arm—his eyes were shut—I tried to arouse him—I shook him three or four times—I asked him if he knew where he was—heat last shook his head, and articulated something which I understood to be "No"—the prisoner Manning and her husband were present the whole of the time—I got him into the bed, and covered him up as warm as I could, thinking two or three hours' sleep would do him good—I looked round the room to see if I could find his coat and waistcoat, but could not, they were not there—I locked the room door before I left, and gave the key to Mrs. Manning—I returned again in about two hours—the man was then lying awake—I asked him for his name and address—he got up for the purpose of writing it himself, but was not able to give it me—he immediately became sick—what came from his stomach had a spirituous smell—some said it was one thing, some another—I formed my own opinion that it smelt of cloves—he wished to lie down again, and he did so—after a little difficulty he told me where he lived—he wished me to allow him to sleep a little longer, saying he felt so very sleepy and drowsy—in consequence of what he told me, I sent for his brother—that was about four o'clock in the afternoon, as near as I can tell, on the Sunday—it might be a little later—I know Lucas and Mrs. Manning very well—Lucas and Spring live in the front parlour of that house—they have lived there six weeks—I remember finding a cup there on the following morning with the Inspector—but I saw the cup on the Sunday afternoon, on the table in the front parlour, where the man was.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Manning assisted in putting the man to bed? A. Yes, and her husband also—she appeared to give him all the assistance she could—if they had not given information, I should have known nothing of it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know the hand-writing of Mr. Burrell the magistrate? A. Yes, I have seen him write—(looking at the examination)—I have every reason to believe this to be his hand-writing.





WILLIAM MORAN
 (re-examined). I was present when Manning was under examination before Mr. Burrell the magistrate—(looking at the examination.)—this

is the hand-writing of the Justice—before she put her name to the examination it was read over to her—she signed it in my presence, and afterwards the Magistrate signed it—(read.)
("The prisoner Manning on her examination lays, 'On Saturday morning about eight o'clock, my husband came home, and we went out together to get some things—we got home about half-past ten o'clock—between ten and eleven o'clock, Lucas came up to me, and asked me to fetch her a quartern of gin-and-cloves, and a pennyworth of laudanum—for (she said) I am distracted with the tooth-ache—I put my gown on, and went and bought a quartern of gin-and-cloves—I sent the witness, Fanny—I asked her to go and get me a pennyworth of laudanum—I told her it was for Carry, she was distracted with the tooth-ache—I took it home—Carry met me in the passage—I gave her sixpence to purchase the pennyworth of gin-and-cloves, and laudanum, and brought a glass to her door, and she gave me a glass—I went up stain to bed, and saw no more of them that night nor the next morning till about ten o'clock, when I knocked at Lucas's door but received no answer. " 'ELIZA MANNIG.' ")

Lucas's Defence. I have nothing-to say, I am wholly innocent—I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.

LUCAS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

MANNING 

NOT GUILTY
.

SPRING 

NOT GUILTY
.

Third Jury before Mr. Recorder.

