



2049. 




ELIZABETH YATES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of August, at 
St. Margaret, Westminster, 7 snuff-boxes, value 6l.; 2 breast pins, value 1l. 10s.; 5 shirt studs, value 1l. 10s.; 8 spoons, value 2l.; 3 pencil-cases, value 1l.; 4 seals, value 1l.; 1 watch-key value 4s.; 1 split ring, value 2s.; 1 pair of scissors, value 3d.; 1 knife, value 3d.; 4 rings, value 1l.; 2 brooches, value 8s.; 1 opera-glass, value 1l.; 1 eye-glass, value 10s.; 1 work-box, value 10s.; 8 sovereigns, and 5 half-sovereigns, the goods and monies of 



William Price, in his dwelling-house.






MARY PRICE
. I am the wife of William Price; he lives at Fenton's

Hotel, St. James's-street; his dwelling-house is in Stafford-place, St. Margaret, Westminster, I live there, and he sleeps there occasionally—I let lodgings—I have known the prisoner about three years—she came to my house at times to assist in washing—on the 29th of August she came to wash for one of my lodgers—I had a box in the back parlour, containing all the articles stated in the indictment, and ten sovereigns and a half—the value of all the property is about 25l.—I did not miss the box till the officer came to me, on the 29th of August, with it—there is half a sovereign still missing.





JOHN PHELPS
. I am a policeman. About a quarter before eleven o'clock on Monday night, the 29th of August, I was on duty at Pimlico—the prisoner passed me with a bonnet and shawl in her hand—I did not perceive the box—she went into Vauxhall-road to a hackney-coach, on the stand—I suspected her, and followed her to the coach, and saw the corner of the box under her shawl—I asked her what she had got there—she said it was nothing but a box of papers—I asked where she came from—she said, from No. 31, Palace-street—I asked where she was going to, she said, to No.31, Palace-street, and asked if I should like to look what was inside the box—I said, "Yes"—she said, "Then I'm d----d if you shall"—I then told the coachman she might ride to No. 31, Palace-street, but I should go with him—the prisoner got into the coach, and I on the box—we had not gone far before I heard a noise as if the box was thrown out of the coach window—we then got down, and the coachman delivered the box into my hand—we set the prisoner down at No. 31, Palace-street—I got another constable, who assisted me to the station-house with her—this is the box—it was not locked at the time—it had been broken open.





WILLIAM BUNN
. I am a hackney-coachman. On the 29th of August the prisoner called my coach form the stand, on the Vauxhall-bridge-road, and told me to drive her to No. 31, Palace-street—the policeman came up and asked me where I was going to drive her—she had a box under her arm, which she took into the coach with her—there was no other box in the coach, nor any other person—nobody could throw the box out but the prisoner—I heard a rattling noise—I pulled up my horses, got down, and took up the box, which was thrown out of the window, and gave it to the officer.





ANN BRAMBLE
. I saw the prisoner come out of Mrs. Price's house at a quarter past three o'clock in the afternoon, on the 29th of August, with a box in her apron—I belive this to be the box.





WILLIAM FELL
. I am a police-inspector. The prisoner was brought to the station-house, and searched by me—I found four sovereigns and a half in her shoes, and four sovereigns in her bosom—she said the box was given to her by a young female in Pimlico to carry to Palace-street.
(Property produce and sworn to.)

Prisoner. I never took the box out of the house at all.




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Life.

Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.

