





Second London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
182. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     GRIEVES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Sweet
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
HENRY SWEET. I am apprentice
d to Mr. Webster, a baker, of Coleman-street. On the 9th of December, about half-past six o'clock in the evening. I was opposite St. Bride's church, Fleet-street


; I did not perceive any thing done, but a young man informed me my handkerchief was gone - I felt in my pocket, and missed it; it was silk, and worth 3s. or 4s. - I had had it in my hand not five minutes before; I saw it again in about three minutes, and knew it to be mine - the young man who gave the information laid hold of the prisoner with me.
Prisoner. Q. What pocket was your handkerchief in? A. The left-hand.


                  THOMAS 
                  TOOLE
               



            . I am a journeyman shoemaker, and live at No. 22, Goswell-street. On the 9th of December I was in Fleet-street, and saw the prisoner with a companion, trying two or three person's pockets who stood at a picture-shop window - Sweet was looking at that window; it is exactly opposite St. Bride's church - I saw the prisoner put his hand into Sweet's pocket, take the handkerchief out, and put it into the flap of his trousers; he and his companion both walked away together - (I should know his companion, he was taken and discharged); I immediately told Sweet to feel in his pocket, and he missed his handkerchief; he and I followed the prisoner - I collared him four or five doors from the print-shop, and charged him with it; he denied it, and said he had no handkerchief- I put my hand into the flap of his breeches, and took it from there; Sweet claimed it - I am positive it was the handkerchief I had seen him take from Sweet: I took him and his companion to the watch-house-they were both together; I gave the handkerchief to the officer.
Prisoner. Q. You say you saw me pick the man's pocket - of course you must know which pocket I took it out of? A. I think it was from the left-hand pocket, but cannot be certain; he was close to the pockets - I did not say at the watch-house that I saw the other take it and give it to you.
Q. How was it you did not take me instantly? A. I wanted to tell Sweet first; you walked away while I was telling him - I took you within two or three doors of Fleet-market, four or five doors or more from the picture-shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BETTERTON
               



            . I am an officer of the Mansion-house. I received the prisoner in charge with the handkerchief, which I have kept ever since.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. On the Saturday before this took place, I had only come from the country, where I had been working at the cotton business a number of years; on the night I was taken I was merely stopping at the window, like another man, and on moving I felt something under my feet; I stooped to see what it was, and it was this handkerchief - I picked it up, and put it into my pocket, but as to stealing it I did not, and had not such a thought in my head.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
