



610. 




JAMES GODFREY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of January, 1 purse, value 1d.; I sovereign, 7 half-crowns, 1 shilling, 1 sixpence, 1 penny, and two halfpence; the goods and monies of



 Ann Toner, from her person.






ANN TURNER
. I am a laundress. On the night of the 19th of January, between six and seven o'clock, I had been to a public-house with my cousin; and while I was there, the prisoner came in—I wanted to get my cousin home, he being rather forward in liquor; and pulled out my purse to pay the cab, and in the public-house to pay for what I had—I got a cab at the door, and sent my cousin home—when I went out the prisoner followed me, I was going to pay the fare before my cousin got in—the prisoner then snatched the purse, and ran away some distance—I gave an alarm, and he was taken—I got my purse again.

Prisoner. Q. Were we not drinking from eleven o'clock in the morning? A. We had had some ale—I was not drunk—I believe my purse con tained a sovereign, seven half-crowns, one shilling, one sixpence, and a few halfpence.





PATRICK CARROLL
. I live in Little Coram Street. I was in Holborn, and heard the exhausted cry of the prosecutrix saying, "Stop him"—I asked what was the matter?—she said a man had robbed her—I saw a man running across the road—I said, "Is that him?"—she said, "Yes"—I crossed, pursued, and took him—it was the prisoner—the policeman took him, and he gave him the purse—the prosecutrix was thought to be in liquor that night, but it appeared to me she was excited by her long run.





GEORGE HORTON
 (police-constable E 91.) About seven o'clock on the evening of the 19th of January, I saw a great mob in Holborn—I went up and saw the prisoner—I said, "What have you done with the purse?"—he said, "I have not got it"—I took him towards the station-house, and in going along I saw him fumbling in his pocket—I took him into a linen draper's shop, and found the purse on him—he said he meant to take care of it for her till the morning—I found 1l. 9s. 2d. in it—this is it—the prosecutrix appeared excited—I think she knew what she was about.

Prisoner. I was never in this situation before.
(PATRICK DAVIS, a brass-founder, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.
