




1821. 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 and 




RICHARD BRYANT
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
13th of July, 1 handkerchief, value 6d., the goods of 



John Hill Powell, from his person.






JOHN HILL POWELL
. On the 13th of July, I was standing at the gate of St. Giles's church, at half-past two o'clock—my attention was attracted by seeing the the prisoner Bryant in custody of the constable, who had my handkerchief in his hand—I had had it a short time before in my pocket—this is it.





MARY JAMES
. I was standing at shop of Mr. Langley, in St. Giles's, and I saw two gentlemen walking along—the two prisoners and another person were behind them—Williams took the handkerchief, and handed it to Bryant—I went to turn round to tell the policeman, and he had got the prisoner Bryant.

Cross-examined.
MR. PHILLIPS
Q. Did you see Bryant throw it down? A. Yes, he did—they were together when they followed the gentleman.

Williams. She said she saw me through the window, and now she says she saw me follow the gentleman. Witness. I was inside the shop, and saw them following them—I did not see them far.





JAMES TURNER
 (police-constable D 68.) I was in the shop with James, and saw the two prisoners with a third person—they walked very close to each other, elbow to elbow—I saw Williams go in front of the other two—he drew the handkerchief, and gave it to Bryant—I took Bryant, and then he threw it down.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not hear the young lady say that he threw it on the ground? A. He did so, but not till I got hold of him—I never lost sight of it—he did not attempt to get rid of it before I seized him.






MARY JAMES
. The handkerchief was taken by Williams, and handed to Bryant—he threw it down immediately the constable took him.

Bryant. I was walking along, and saw the handkerchief thrown on me—I threw it down.

Williams. The policeman stated that he was looking at some shoes, and now he says he was in the shop with her.
(The prisoner Bryant received a good character.)

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported For Fourteen Years.

BRYANT—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—Recommended to mercy.—



Confined Six Months.
