





615. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HEALEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of January
, 1 jacket, value 8s.; 2 pairs of trousers, value 7s.; 1 pair of drawers, value 5s., and 2 shoes, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Newman
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 pair of drawers, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Osborn
                        



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OSBORN
               



            . I belong to the ship Friendship




. -On the 21st of January, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I and my comrade came from the ship in the boat, and nearly pulled against a wherry, which the prisoner was in; he was quite a stranger - we were near our ship - he said to my comrade, "Is that you, Jack?" and asked who was on board our ship - the apprentice said there was nobody on board; he then pulled towards our ship - he had no right there at all; he knew my comrade: we went on shore, and returned in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, and found him on deck; he went into the forecastle, and staid on board about an hour and a half - the mate then sent me ashore; I left the prisoner in the forecastle, and when I returned I missed a pair of drawers from my hammock.
WILLIAM NEWMAN. I belong to the ship
. I went on shore about six o'clock, and bought this property - when I came on board I found the prisoner in the forecastle; I was showing the apprentice what I had bought - the prisoner asked what it was worth; I put it on the breast-hook, and missed them in the morning, when I got up; I do not know whether they were there when I went to bed - I have only found a pair of shoes.


                  GEORGE 
                  NORWOOD
               



            . I was waiter at the White Hart, Ratcliff-highway. The prisoner offered me a pair of shoes for sale, for 4s., on Sunday, the 22nd of January; he said he had bought them, and they were too small for him; I gave them to the officer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SNELLING
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, of Ratcliff-highway. I have a pair of drawers, pawned by the prisoner, on Saturday evening.


                  RICHARD 
                  DOBBINS
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended him on the 28th.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
