





1932. 




ANDREW CRAWFORD MITCHELL
 was indicted for

breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Villiers Stuart, Esq., on the 
25th of July, at 
St. George, Hanover-square, and stealing therein, 2 sheets, value 8s., and 1 table-cloth, value 2s., his goods: and 3 waistcoats, value 10s.; 3 coats, value 2l. 10s.; 1 pair of boots, value 5s.; 1 shawl, value 1s.; 1 stock, value 1s.; and 1 pair of trowsers, value 10s.; the goods of 



Samuel Letherland; and 




ELEANOR BOYLAND



, for feloniously receiving 2 sheets and 1 tablecloth, part of the said goods; well-knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution,





SAMUEL LETHERLAND
. I was in the service of William Villiers Stuart, Esq., at the time in question, as footman and valet—he lives at No. 19, St. James's-place, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. I knew the prisoner Mitchell for about a fortnight previous to the robbery, and I have seen the woman. On Tuesday, the 24th of July, I employed Mitchell to remove some luggage from my master's house—he came into the house to remove it—about four o'clock on the evening of the next day, Wednesday, I missed from the house some property which, I had seen safe about ten o'clock that morning, and which I had seen on Tuesday as well—he had left the house about half-past nine o'clock on Tuesday night—I had not seen him there on Wednesday—I missed three coate, three waistcoats, one pair of trowsers, a black stock and a pair of boots of my own from my bed-room—I did not miss the shawl till it was found afterwards—I had a shawl among the property on Wednesday morning, nor did I miss the sheets—I have since ascertained that a pair of sheets and a tablecloth of Mr. Stuart's were taken—I missed the latch-key of the street-door, on the 24th, the day the prisoner was in the house—he had been left at the door while I went into the City to see about sending off some packages to Ireland—I left him waiting at the door till I returned—he was to remain in the street—I missed the key before he was gone on the Tuesday evening, off the side-board in the hall—there were two keys—I had one in my pocket, and the other was in the hall—I afterwards saw the latch-key at Queen-square, in the hands of the policeman—I have found all the articles—the boots were found on Mitchell's feet when he was taken, on the Saturday following—these are the articles—(looking at them)—these are my boots—this is my shawl and stocking—this latch-key is the one I missed.

Mitchell. Q. Where was the property? A. In my bed-room—the table-cloth and sheets were some in my, bed-room, and some down in the scullery, they were dirty.

MR. RYLAND. Q. What part of the house did the prisoner go into to move the goods? A. Into the pantry, into my bed-room, and into the library.





ROBERT JONES
. I am a labourer, and live at the Three Crowns public-house, Royal Hospital-row, Chelsea. I was at St. James's-place on a Wednesday in July, about ten o'clock in the morning, and saw Mitchell go up to No. 19, and stop there some time—I called him away, and told him the servant was gone out—he went away and staid some time—I do porter's work about there, and was waiting about for a job—he came back some time after, and went up to the door again—I happened to turn my head time after, and went up to the door again—I happened to turn my head aside, and missed him all at once—I did not see him go in, but I saw him

come out in about ten minutes, with a pair of boots in one hand and a bundle in the other, tied in a white cloth—he went away.





ROBERT M'KENZIE
 (police-constable B 44.) I was informed of the robbery, and went to the shop of Mr. Thompson, a pawnbroker, in Pimlico, on Friday, the 27th of July, and in consequence of what I heard, I apprehended the prisoners in the sam bed-room together, in Duck-lane, Westminster, on the Saturday morning, about ten o'clock—I searched Mitchell, and found upon him a duplicate for two coats pawned for 12s. a waistcoat for 2s. 6d., and a pair of trowsers, pawned in his own name—I asked if he knew any thing of Mr. Villiers Stuart's robbery—he gave me no answer—I afterwards took him to the station-house, and found two duplicates upon him, and at Queen-square the prosecutor identified the boots he had on—I asked him about the property, but he would make me no answer—on the woman I found duplicates of two sheets, and a table cloth pawned for 8s.—I asked her how she came into possession of the duplicates—she said they were her husband's property, and she had pawned them—I went to her husband and questioned him—that is not the male prisoner—she did not say any thing about them in Mitchell's presence-Mitchell was asked, before the Magistrate, if he had the latch-key of Mr. Stuart's door, and he produced it from his waistcoat pocket, saying, it was given to him by the witness Letherland to let himself in and out with.

Mitchell. Q. Did you mention the robbery to me in the bed-room? A. Yes; I did—I said, I apprehended you upon charge of Mr. Villiers Stuart's robbery—there were several people in the room-you were standing up by the chimney-piece when I went in, and the woman was standing against the bed when I forced the door open—I repeatedly called to you to open the door, but you would not—I endeavoured to get it open repeatedly, before I burst it open.





SAMUEL LETHERLAND

re-examined. I did not give the latch-key to the prisoner—I lost it off the table—I had employed Mitchell before to carry parcels.

Mitchell. Q. Did not we go to a public-house, in King-street, St. James's, after we came from the store-house? A. Yes, we did—I do not recollect the female prisoner coming in there—I did not call for two pints of ale on her account—I did not take you home to have tea and supper with me—I gave you beer for helping me to move the goods—I do not recollect seeing the female prisoner before she was at Queen-square.





JOHN FRANCIS MATTHEWS
. I am shopman to Mr. Thompson, a pawn-broker in Grosvenor-row. I have a coat and two waistcoats which were pawned on the 25th of July, by a woman of the name of Spicer, who I have known before—I observed the male prisoner outside at the time—I had not seen them come to the door together—I lent 10s. on them—I gave Spicer the duplicate—I saw her leave the shop, join the male prisoner, and give him something, and they went away together.





JOHN KILLINGSWORTH
. I am shopman to Mr. Perkins, a pawnbroker in King's-road, Chelsea. I produce two coats which were pawned on the 26th of July, by the husband of the female prisoner, in her presence—I paid the money to the man—this is the duplicate I gave him—they went away together.





JAMES STOKES
. I am shopman to Mr. Golding, a pawnbroker. in Park-side, Knightsbridge. On Tuesday afternoon,*the 24th of July, two sheets and a table-cloth were pawned by the female prisoner alone-this

duplicate is what I gave her—I asked her if they were her own property—she replied they were—I doubted about it, and said, had those sheets ever gone to the wash—she said no, they had not—I then asked her whether she brought them for another party—she said no, they were her husband's property, purchased with a large sum of money he had left him some few years back—I think she said it was five years ago-when she first entered the shop, she commenced by looking round the shop, and saying there was nobody in the shop she was acquainted with, and mentioned several names of persons who were there when the previous person occupied the house-a pair of trowsers were pawned on the following day by a man, but not in my presence—the duplicate of them had been produced by the officer—it is in the hand-writing of a young man who was in Mr. Golding's service, but has left, being ill.





JAMES VINCENT
. I keep the Coach and Horses, Royal Hospital-row, Chelsea. On Wednesday evening, the 25th of July, I saw the two prisoners, and again on Thursday the 26th, in my tap-room drinking together—on Thursday I saw them there twice in the course of the day, and in the evening Mitchell gave my wife a small parcel tied in a green handkerchief, and left instructions that nobody was to have it but himself—this is the handkerchief it was tied in—I did not open the bundle till the policeman came—I gave it to him—this stock was in it—I went to the office, and gave information on the subject.





CATHERINE RILEY
. I am married, and live in Duck-lane, West-minister. The two prisoners came to lodge with me on Thursday evening the 26th of July, between eight and nine o'clock—they took one room, and stopped till Friday night, as man and wife.

Mitchell. Q. Did I represent myself as hey husband? A. You never told me so, but you went to bed together.

Mitchell. You keep a house of bad fame, which can be proved, and it is open to all sorts of thieves in Westminster.

Boyland. You know you keep a parcel of w and thieves in the place—there are five beds in the room, and I slept with an old woman.





MARGARET SPICER
. I am the wife of Francis Spicer, and live in Three-crown-court, Chelsea. On a Wednesday in July, Mitchell came to my place—I knew him as a neighbour—he said, "Is Mrs. Spicer within?"—I said, "No"—I denied ray own name—he said, "Do you know when she will be in?"—I said, "No"—he sat down, and had a bundle in a green hand-kerchief—he pulled two waistcoats and a coat out of the bundle, while my back was turned, and came to me and said, "Old woman, as my face is so black, will you take this for me to Thompson's, I am ashamed to go"—he had two black eyes—I said my son could go, but he would not, and I took them to Thompson's; and black as his eyes were, he took good care to follow me to the pawnbroker's—I went in, and he waited outside, but I did not know he was there—I saw him standing outside, looking through the window—the shopman asked where they came from—I said there was the man peeping through the window, who gave them to me—he said, "Is that the one with the black eyes?"—I said, "Yes"—he gave me the duplicate, and lent me 10s. on them—the prisoner came to the step of the door, and I handed the money and ticket into his hand—he gave me the ticket, and said, "Keep this for me; I mean to release them in a few days, am going to Brighton as soon as my face gets well," and I took it—he gave me nothing for taking them—I afterwards gave it to the officer.


Mitchell's Defence. The prosecutor says he saw his things all safe on Wednesday—the pawnbroker had the sheets and the table-cloth pawned on the 24th—I acknowledge giving the female prisoner the table-cloth and sheets to pawn, she not knowing them to be stolen-what I did was through distress—it is my first offence.

Boyland's Defence. I did not know how the man came by them—he gave them to me—I was in great distress—I did not know they were stolen.

MITCHELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Ten Years.

BOYLAND—


NOT GUILTY
.
