



47. 




SARAH NEMICK
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of October, 2 bags, value 3d.; 4 sovereigns; 2 half-sovereigns; 5 half-crown; and 10 shillings; the goods and monies of 



Thomas Bay, from his person.






THOMAS DAY
. I buy fish, and go down to Hitchen. On the 22nd of October, I went up an alley in Field-lane, to ask for Peggy—the prisoner came and said she would find her for me—she got me into a room, and began to pull my pocket about—I said, "Let my pocket alone, and find Peggy"—she still kept her hand to my pocket—I missed my purse, and saw her draw my purse out, which contained the money stated—she then blew oat the candle, ran away, and left me in the dark—I knocked at the next door, and begged the gentleman to give me a light—he said he durst n t, for the party would murder him—he at last gave me a light and said, the best thing I could do was to wait till the morning—I waited till six o'clock in the morning—I then went out with Mclntyre, and found the prisoner in the second coffe-shop—I got an officer, and gave charge of her—she said she knew nothing about it—I had locked the door, and had the key in my pocket—I held it up to her, and asked if she knew that—she said "No"—I sat down by her side, and saw a handful of silver in her lap—I said, "Here is the woman and the money"—I gave the money to the officer—I was not in the room with her more than three or four minutes.

Prisoner. He asked me to look for Peggy, and I left him with a pot of

beer in his hand when I went to look—he wanted to take liberties with me—he was very tipsy. Witness. No; I was not—I had no beer in my hand.





JOHN MCINTYRE
. I live in New-court, Field-lane. I saw the prosectutor and the prisoner go up the court together—the prisoner lodged within six or seven feet of my door—the prosecutor was inquiring for Peggy, Whom I knew—the prosecutor came to me in about half an hour, exclaiming that he had been robbed, and he wished he could get a light, for he could not find his hat—I said I dare not give him a light, but advised him to stay there till the morning—he said he had been robbed of four sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and some silver.





JOHN CRIDDLE
 (police-constable H 142.) On the morning of the 24th of October, I was called to take the prisoner at a coffee-shop—the prosecutor charged her with robbing him of the money stated—she said she had never seen him, now this witness—the prosecutor held the key to her—she said that belonged to a woman in the hospital—the prosecutor saw some silver in her lap—said, "Here is my money"—she said it was not his—there were 7 shillings, 1 half-crown, and 3d. Or 4d. In copper—the prosecutor was quite sober.

Prisoner. Q. Did not another policeman say, that the prosecutor had charged another woman with taking his money? A. No; he said he had seen the money in the prosecutor's possession, about half an hour before, and then he was the worse for liquor.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.
