





1604. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     ADAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the shop of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Richardson
                        




                     
                  , on the 8th of October
, and stealing therein 19 glass decan - ters, value 15l., his goods
            .


                  JAMES 
                  WEBSTER JONES
               



             (police-constable B 59). I was on duty, on the night of the 8th of October, at the corner of William-street, Knightsbridge


, about half-past ten o'clock at night - I saw a man loitering about the shop of Mr. Richardson, a china and glass shop - he was there from half-past nine till half-past ten o'clock - I saw the shop shut up at ten o'clock, and I continued to watch the man till half-past ten o'clock - I then went as if I was going to Hyde-park-corner; but I crossed the road, and went round a waggon and an omnibus which were passing - I saw the man go to Mr. Richardson's door, and tap, and, in a second, the door was opened, the prisoner and another man came out, and the man who tapped at the door ran away - I was fearful of attempting to take the prisoner and the other man who came out of the shop, and I followed them- the prisoner was carrying this bag with twelve whole decanters and two broken ones in it; and the other man had a handkerchief with five decanters in it - I followed them to the corner of Sloane-street, and touched another officer, and told him to follow me - we went on to the coach-stand, and saw the prisoner putting this bag into a cab - the other man left his bundle by the coach-rank, and made his escape - the prisoner jumped out of the cab, on the other side, and ran off - I cried, "Stop thief," and sprang my rattle - I assisted in taking him, when he had run ten or fifteen yards - I never lost sight of him, from the time he came out of the shop, till I got him to the station-house.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. What sort of a night was it? A. A pleasant night - I think the moon had gone down.
COURT. Q. Did you find any thing on the prisoner? A. This jemmy and a dark lantern, and these pick-lock keys - one of them opens Mr. Richardson's shop door easily.


                  HARRIET 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I am the wife of William Richardson - we keep this china-shop
, and left it safe about ten o'clock - my husband fastened it in my presence, and we went home together to No. 64, Lower Sloane-street - we missed 19 decanters; these are part of them - I cannot swear whether any thing else was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
