



377. 




GEORGE PAGE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of December, 1 pewter pot, value 1s., the goods of 



William Best; 3 pewter pots, value 3s., the goods of 



Thomas Sanders; and 1 pewter pot, value 1s., the goods of 



William Allder.






WILLIAM BEST
. I live in Queen Ann-street, Marylebone, and am a publican. On the 12th of December the prisoner was brought to my house with a bag of pots, one of which is mine.





THOMAS COURTNEY
. I am a servant, but am out of a situation. On the 12th of December, I was in a shop opposite Mr. Best's, buying some tea and sugar—a person said, "Look round, there is a man putting one of Mr. Best's pots into his bag"—I ran out, collared the prisoner, and said, "You have got one of Mr. Best's pots in your bag"—I took him to Mr. Best's, and into the parlour—Mr. Best sent for an officer—there were eight pots in the bag.





JOHN HARRISON
 (police-constable D 32.) I was called to Mr. Best's on Thursday last, about two o'clock—I went into the parlour—the prisoner was sitting down, and this bag, containing eight pots, was on the table—one of them is Mr. Best's.





THOMAS SANDERS
. I keep the Rose public-house in Wimpole-street. Three of these are my pots.






WILLIAM ALLDER
. I keep the Buffalo's Head public-house in the New Road. One of these pots is mine.

Prisoner's Defence. I had been up to Portman-square, and waited threequarters of an hour to see a person—he did not come—as I was going back I met a young man who had formerly lodged with me—he asked if I was in work—I said no—he had this bag, and told me to carry it to the corner of Shepherd-street, and he would give me 6d.—I was going along with it—I found they were pots, and the witness came and took me.





STEPHEN PERDRIAN
 (police-constable D 80.) I know the prisoner—I had him in custody in October, for stealing a basket of bread—I took him to the station-house, and found this bag concealed on him—he had one month in the House of Correction, and after he got out of prison he came and got the bag again, and this is the bag he had these pots in—I was a witness on his trial, and produce the certificate of his conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Ten Years.
