





360. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bale
                        




                     
                  , on the 15th of January
, at St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and stealing therein 1 pair of ear-rings, value 7s. 6d., his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BALE
               



            . I am a general salesman


, and live at No. 3, Old-street-road, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch


 - on the 15th of January, when I came home, about half-past ten o'clock in the evening, the glass of my shop window was broken, and the ear-rings missing - they were safe about eight or nine o'clock, when I went out - I left my mother and brother at home - I fund the prisoner was in custody.


                  JAMES 
                  BALE
               



            . My brother left me at home - I was sitting in the parlour, and heard the shop window crack about ten o'clock - I went out instantly at the private door and secured the prisoner, whom I found at the window, and saw the ear-rings found down at his feet - the window was unbroken before.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Are you quite sure the window was not cracked before? A. There was a crack across the pane, but not in the part he broke - the glass was all in the window before I heard the crack - I had seen the crack that day, but I had not looked at it that evening - I cannot swear it was not more broken before ten o'clock - on coming out I saw the man at the window - my brother had goods in the window - people frequently stopped to look in - I saw the prisoner and another at the window - there were no things hanging in the window to prevent my seeing - there was plenty of space, and I could see his person through the shop, because there was plenty of light - the other man ran away.
Q. On your oath, were not the rings found on the spot where the other man stood? A. No, they might have been half-a-foot from where he stood.
COURT. Q. The ear-rings were at the prisoner's feet?A. Yes - I went out immediately I heard the crack - I have not a doubt the window was broken at that time.


                  JANE 
                  BALE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's sister - on the 15th of January, about ten o'clock, I saw my brother go out at the private door - I went out at the shop door and saw my brother holding the prisoner, and the ear-rings lying about six inches from the window - I took them up and gave them to my brother.
Property produced and sworn to.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down the road, passing the shop - I saw a man at the window, and when I got six yards from the window the prosecutor ran out, and said to him, "What are you doing there?" I turned round to see what was the matter; the man ran away, and he laid hold of me.



               GUILTY
            . - Aged 26.* 


               Confined One Month
            , and then to be 


               Transported for Life
            .
