



1670. 




JOHN WATSON
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of May, 1 van, value 2l. 10s., the goods of 



John Carver Knowles.






ELIZABETH KNOWLES
. I am the wife of John Carver Knowles, and live in King-street, Tower-hill—he is a labourer at the St. Katherine Docks—I keep a green shop, and have a small cart, which I let out at 3d. an hour. On Wednesday morning, the 15th of May, about twenty minutes after eight o'clock, the prisoner came to the door and asked my brother if he knew where he could get a truck—my brother said, "We have one"—he said that would do, and took it away with the dog to drag it—it is a small four-wheeled dog van—about ten o'clock a policeman came to me—I went to King David-lane station-house the same day, and found the prisoner sitting at the Thames Police with the dog—he called the dog Lion, but his name is Rose.





SAMUEL MOLYNEAUX
. I live with my sister. I recollect the prisoner hiring the van about twenty minutes after eight o'clock—he said he should be gone about three-quarters of an hour—I found him about ten o'clock that morning at the office with it.





JOHN MITCHELL
 (police-constable K 161.) About ten o'clock in the morning, on the 15th of May, I saw the prisoner in Back-lane, about a mile from Knowles's shop—he was going entirely away from St. Katherine's Docks—he was in conversation with a man named Ives—I heard him say to him "10s., and you may make inquiry, if you choose"—he had the truck and dog with him—I asked him whose it was—he said, "My own"—I asked how long he had had it—he said "Upwards of twelve months"—I asked where he came from—he said, "7, Essex-street, Whitechapel"—I immediately turned round, looked at the wheels of the van, and found they had not been at work—I took him to the station-house, made inquiry, and found the owner.






JAMES IVES
. I live in Back-road, St. George's, and keep trucks. On the 15th of May, at ten o'clock, the prisoner came to my house and asked if I would buy a cart—I said, "I must see it first"—I looked at it in the road—he asked 10s. for it—I thought that not a proper price, and asked who and what he was—he said, "I live in Essex-street, Whitechapel, and work for Mr. White, of Wapping, yon can go and inquire, if you please" and at that moment the policeman came up.





THOMAS MACKROW
. I live in Back-lane, and am a furniture-broker. On the 15th of May, about a quarter before ten o'clock, the prisoner asked me if I would buy this van—I said, "What do you want?"—he said, "Ten shillings"—I asked him what use he made of it—he said he sold greens about the street—I said I doubted whether he came by it honestly, and should not buy it—he went on and called at a broker's shop to offer it—I followed him to Mr. Ives, and went to the policeman.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Severn Years.
