





84. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     HEALEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, 1 snuff-box, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Burnham
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM BURNHAM. I live on Holborn-hill, and am a tailor
. On the 9th of November I was at the foot of Blackfriars-bridge


, on the City side, about one o'clock; I felt a hand in my pocket - I turned and seized the prisoner by the collar; I charged him with taking something from me; he said he had not, and made use of very blasphemous language. but I saw his hand go behind him - I put my hand and felt my snuff-box, and he dropped it; I held him for near half an hour, till a friend got an officer - I was surrounded by a gang, and had the most abusive language from them all.


                  MICHAEL 
                  HALL
               



            . I was with the prosecutor. I saw him seize the prisoner, who dropped the snuff-box behind him; I took it up, and got the officer.


                  FRANCIS 
                  LONG
               



            . I live in Cox-court, Aldersgate-street. I saw the prisoner take the snuff-box from the prosecutor's pocket, who collared him directly, and he dropped it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am a patrol. I took the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was standing at the foot of the bridge, and the prosecutor accused me of taking his box -I had my hand behind me, and some person dropped the box; he said I dropped it - the crowd was so great, it was impossible to see who took it; the prosecutor said at the office that he had lost two silk handkerchiefs, and if he could, he would prosecute me for that.
MR. BURNHAM. I said I had lost two handkerchiefs, and if I found any one with their hand in my pocket I would prosecute them; but I did not suspect the prisoner of taking the handkerchiefs.



               GUILTY
            *. Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
