





173. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     FINCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of November
, 1 shawl, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah Ann 
                           Stewart
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .


                  SARAH 
                  ANN STEWART
               



            . I am single
. On the night of the 2nd of November my cousin went to the Pavillion theatre; I went to meet her as she came home, at a quarter-past twelve o'clock - we were going up Whitechapel-road


, and two men followed us; they came up, and knocked me up against a public-house door - the prisoner took my shawl off, which was pinned round me, and ran off with it down Baker's-row; I followed, and never lost sight of him - I saw him stopped by the officer; I have not recovered my shawl; there were others in his company.


                  MICHAEL 
                  DAY
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was on duty in Baker's-row, about one o'clock in the morning, I heard a female voice crying Stop him! Stop him! two persons then ran by me; the prisoner was the last, and I caught him - he said, "It is not me, it is the other - let me go, and take the other;" at that time the prosecutrix came up, and said, "Hold him fast - that is the one that knocked me down, robbed me of my shawl, and tore my gown;" she said she had seen his face by the gas-lamp, and she knew him by his face and clothes; I took him about four hundred yards from where she was robbed - I put my hand on the prisoner's heart; he appeared very much flurried and agitated.
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning from a friend's in the Dog-row; I heard a cry of Stop thief! and ran down Greyhound-lane; I was then stopped - the prosecutor said at the office, that there were three or four young men.


                  SARAH 
                  ANN
               



             STEWART. There were several more with him, but only two came up to me; the prisoner took my shawl.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
