



619. 




MARY LEWIS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
10th of January, 2 sheets, value 15s., and 2 tablecloths, value 9s., the goods of



 William Hodges. 2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



Joseph Blower and others.







WILLIAM HORSFORD
. I am a constable of the Mendicity Society. On the morning of the 10th of January, I saw the prisoner in company with a man and woman in Jermyn-street—I followed them, having suspicions, as far as Cumberland-terrace—the prisoner there went down the area of No. 15, which is the prosecutor's house—she came up in about a minute or two, and knocked or rang at the door:—she was admitted—I saw the man at the door, and as she passed he put something into her hand, which appeared to be like a letter—she came out in four or five minutes—I made inquiry at the house, then ran after the prisoner and took her into custody—I found on her these two tablecloths and two sheets.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What had you to do with watching people? A. I knew the two parties she was with to be begging-letter impostors—I thought they were going begging and followed them.





JOHN LAYTON
. I live at No. 15, Cumberland-terrace, in the service of Mr. William Hodges. On the 10th of January, the prisoner rang at the bell—I answered it—she asked whether Mr. Hutchinson lived there—I said I knew no such name, but Mr. Hodges did—she said, "That is the name, I come from the Penitentiary about the washing"—the Penitentiary wash for the family—I called the lady's maid, and she gave the prisoner the washing.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not you ask her whether she came for the washing? A. No, I did not, I am quite sure—she said she came about it.





ANN LEE
. I am lady's maid to Mrs. Hodges. In consequence of what 1 Layton told me, I gave the prisoner these two sheets and two tablecloths—one is merely a wrapper—I am sure she is the person to whom I gave them—they belong to the Penitentiary, but were sent to us by mistake instead of our own—I thought she was the person who came for them, and when I took her the things I asked her for ours in return—she said they were not dry, as the weather was so bad—I told her I was forbidden to give her these things without having ours, without I saw Mrs. Hodges—she said she had seen Mrs. Hodges outside the door ten minutes before.

Cross-examined. Q. Was this the right time to come and fetch them away? A. I had expected some one to come ever since Tuesday—I gave them to her, supposing she came from the Penitentiary,





ANN BENYON
. I am a servant in the Penitentiary. Mr. Joseph Blower and others constitute the committee—this property belongs to the Penitentiary, and was sent to Mrs. Hodges by mistake—I never sent the prisoner for them—she does not belong to the Penitentiary.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know these things yourself at all? A. Yes, I sent them myself to Mrs. Hodges—I am quite sure they are the same things.




GUILTY
.* Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.

