





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
95. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     COOKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of December
, 1 fur tippet, value 2l. 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON SMITH
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  George 
                  Smith
               



            , a wholesale fur manufacturer
, who lives in Gough-square


 - the prisoner has been in his service three or four years. On the 8th of December I was desired by my father to conceal myself in one of the warehouses, about four o'clock in the afternoon, so that a person coming in would not see me; the prisoner had access to the warehouse - I saw her come into the long room, and bring up a lot of old work, which she had the superintendence of; I saw her put it down - she then walked round the room once, then came to the front counter, and took a fur tippet from there - she directly went out of the warehouse, carrying the tippet before her in her hand; she had no cloak on - my brother Edward came into the warehouse in about five minutes; I then came from my place, and informed him what had taken place.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Has your father any partner? A. No; the warehouse was not kept locked - every body had access to it; there was a great deal of property about - the prisoner had an excellent character.GEORGE KNIGHT SMITH. I am the prosecutor's son. I had seen five sable tippets on the counter about four o'clock; my brother afterwards made a communcation to me - I went to the counter, and found only four there; I was present in the parlour when the prisoner was brought in there, by an officer, who searched her, and in my presence pulled from under her cloak a sable tippet. which, on examination, I knew to be my father's property; she had no business with such a tippet in that situation - she began to cry when it was found, and said she was going to show it to a lady; she did not name the lady - I said nothing whatever to induce her to confess; when I told the officer to take her to the Compter she fell on her kneas, and said,
"Oh! pray, Sir - Oh! pray, Sir;" I believe that was all she said.
Cross-examined. Q. I think you said she had no business with the tippet in that situation? A. Yes; she was sometimes emeloyed to take one from one room to another; ladies do at times come to the warehouse.


                  JOHN 
                  HENRY DUMMERT
               



            . I am warehouseman to Mr. Smith. On the 8th of December, about five o'clock in the evening, I was desired to go out after the prisoner - I overtook her in Bolt-court, about six feet from Mr. Smith's gates; I told her she must go back with me, for Mr. George Smith wished to see her before she went any further - she went back with me; I saw the officer there, but was not present when she was searched.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WORSTER
               



            . I am an officer. I searched the prisoner in Mr. Smith's parlour, and found a tippet concealed under her cloak - she cried; I asked her how she came to act in that way, and what she was going to do with it; she told me she was going to take it for a lady to see - Mr. Smith and I then went to search her lodging, which he pointed out; we returned and went into Mr. Smith's parlour again - I told the prisoner she must go with me; she fell on her knees and implored forgiveness of Mr. Smith - she said, "I hope you will forgive me."
Q. Are you quite sure she said forgive, or Oh! pray, Sir? A. No, the word forgiveness was uttered.
Cross-examined. Q. Was not Mr. Smith present? A. Yes - I stood at the prisoner's side; Mr. Smith was not so near - he stood at the opposite side of the table, and he was in a very agitated state; I heard her say."Oh! pray, Mr. Smith, forgive me" - I cannot answer for what Mr. Smith heard, but solemuly declare the truth of what I have said.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a wholesale furrier. The prisoner has been about three years in my employ; I had employed her mother as a charwoman many years, and took the prisoner out of St. Dunstan's charity-school - this tippet is my property; the prisoner was never employed to carry tippets out of the house to ladies.
Cross-examined. Q. Would your mark be left on it if you sold it? A. Yes - we sell retail if a person happens to come into the warehouse, which may happen, but my business is wholesale; she would not be justified in taking it out - the mark is on the skin; I swear this was not sold, for it is a very peculiar one in point of colour, and has been in the warehouse all the season.
JURY. Q. Was the prisoner warehousewoman or what? A. I took her as a workwoman
, but she was employed this year in managing the old work - she never has been employed to show tippets to ladies, or to take one out; nobody would be allowed to take one out without it first being booked.
GUILTY. Aged 18.




               Recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury, believing her to act under the influence of her mother
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
