



974. 




GEORGE NOWLAN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
24th of March, 1 jacket value 2s., the goods of 



John Savage and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM SAVAGE
. I am nephew and assistant to John Savage, a pawnbroker, in Whitechapel-road. On the night of the 24th of March I saw the prisoner near the door of the shop, pulling at some jackets which hung at the door-post—I called my uncle out—I had seen him before that, kick some boots which were placed at the door—I have since seen a jacket which hung at the door in the prisoner's possession.





JOHN SAVAGE
. I am the last witness's uncle. About seven o'clock at night he called my attention to the jackets—I missed one—a policeman came, and I told him what I had lost—I afterwards went to Aaron's a pawnbroker, in Whitechapel-road, and saw the prisoner there—a jacket was produce to me, which was the one I had lost—that was near eight o'clock—I gave the prisoner in charge, and the policeman kept the jacket.





JOHN AARON
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Whitechapel-road. On the 24th of March, about eight o'clock, the prisoner came to my shop and offered the jacket to pawn, which Mr. Savage afterwards claimed—I asked him where he got it—he sad a person outside had given it him to pledge—I asked him if he knew anything about the person—he said, "No."

Prisoner. He did not ask me where I got it—I put it on the counter, and asked 3s. on it from the shopman—it was taken away from me, and I saw no more of it till it was brought to the station-house, and there he said I was in the shop—the inspector asked how I came by it, and I said a man outside asked me to pawn it, but he never asked me about it in the shop. Witness. I did ask him about it in Mr. Savage's presence, I believe—I am positive I put the question to him when he produced the jacket—I

was not at the station-house at all—I had been told something was wrong, and was on the look-out in case it should be offered to pawn.

Prisoner. I said nothing in the shop about a man sending me to pawn it. Witness. I am positive he did.





EDWIN HELL
. I am a policeman. I received the prisoner in charge, and took him to the station-house—the prisoner said in the shop, "I know nothing about the jacket, only a man outside sent me to pawn it"—I know nothing of him, he is a stranger to me.

Prisoner. Nothing was said to me about it till I got to Lambeth-street. Witness. It passed in the shop.





JOHN SAVAGE

re-examined. This is the jacket I lost that evening—it has a private mark on the sleeve, part of which is torn out—Aaron told me, in the prisoner's presence, that he had asked the prisoner where he got it, and he said of a man outside.





WILLIAM LOWE
 (police-constable H 73.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at the prisoner's trial—he is the man mentioned in the certificate—(read.)

Prisoner's Defence. I was that evening passing by a public-house, the sign of the two Bells, by the church—a man came from towards Brick-lane, and said, "Young man, are you willing to take a jacket in to pawn, and I will give you the price of a pot of beer?"—he seemed in liquor—I said, "Can't you take it yourself?"—he said, "I have a person I do not wish to leave; will you take it to pawn, and ask 3s. on it?"—the shopman took it to the gas-light, and I never saw it afterwards—is it likely, if I stole it, I should take it only forty doors off to pawn it?




GUILTY
.* Aged 26.—


Transported Seven Years.
