



1368. 




THOMAS WOOD
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Wells, at 

Wanstead, about the hour of two in the morning of the 
4th of May, with intent to steal, and steal-ing therein 2 pairs of candlesticks, value 1l. 10s.; 1 pair of snuffers tray, value 1l.; 2 cruet-stands, value 1l. 10s.; 8 cruets, value 1l. 1 waiter, value 1l. 10s.; 2 table-covers, value 1l.; 1 pair of decantes stands, value 10s.; and 4 sheets, value 5s.; his goods.







ANN DICKENSON
. I am servant to Mr. Thomas Wells—my husbead is also in his service—we live in his house, which is in the parish of was stead, Essex—he rents the house. On the night of Friday, the 4th of may Mr. Wells was the last person up—I went to bed at ten o'clock—I faster all the doors and windows safely myself—I left nobody up but Mr. Web—I came down at a quarter before six o'clock the next morning, as the patrol rang at the kitchen bell—I found the shutter of the dining-room forced open, which I am quite certain I had fastened—the bolt was broken off and the bar quite bent—the dining-room faces a lawn at the back the house—I missed a pair of plated candlesticks, snuffers, and tray, the dining-room, also two red table-covers, two sets of castors and stand four shells, and a plated waiter—I found on the lawn a tea-chest broken open and a hammer, which had been taken out of the table drawer, and a take lamp—everything but the shells were brought back again that day.





THOMAS WELLS
. I live in the parish of Wanstead. I went to bed in mediately after the servant—I did not alter the doors or windows called me about six o'clock in the morning—I found the shutter broke I missed the articles she named, and the shells—I saw my property she afterwards at the house of Mr. Plaxton, a neighbour, whose watchman had stopped a man with them—I knew them again, and I know the shells from seeing them constantly on the mantel-piece—the value of the property is about 12l.





PATRICK MAHONET
. I am watchman to Mr. Plaxton. About a quarter past four o'clock, on Saturday morning, the 5th of May, I saw a young; lad in one of my master's fields, about four hundred yards from Mr. Wells's—I asked him what he was doing there—he said, "Nothing"—I cannot tell who it was—I do not know the prisoner—I opened the gate, and went in, and there stood a basket by him—I had some conversation with him about it—I stooped down to open it, and then he ran away—I took it to master's house—the prisoner is not the man I am certain.





JOSEPH MATTHEWS
. I am watchman of Stratford Broadway, Essex. On Friday night, between the 4th and 5th of May, I saw two men, between twelve and one o'clock, about half a mile from Mr. Wells's house—I am sure the prisoner was one of them—they' were down an area, at the back of an inhabited house—I spoke to them, collared the prisoner, brought him out of the yard, and asked him what he did in the area—he said he got in there to sleep, to lie down a bit—I rang the house-bell, for some time, and the other man came to him, and said, "Slip your coat off"—he slipped one arm off his shoulder, and the other man began to knock me about—they did not knock me down, but both got away from me—I am quite sure the prisoner was one of them—I did not know him before, but saw him again the next morning, about half-past three o'clock, coming to wards London, in a straight direction from Mr. Wells's, about half a mile from it—I said, "Good morning"—he said, "Good morning, what o'clock is it?"—I said, "Half-past three"—he said, "Is it as much as that?"—I said nothing about having seen him the night before—he kept walking on, and I followed him, till I saw one of my men, named "King George"—I

held up my hand, and he stopped him, put his hand into his pocket, and pulled out four shells, and a little phial.





KING GEORGE
. I am a watchman. On the Saturday morning, Matthews made a signal to me—I saw the prisoner, and stopped him, and asked him he had got any thing about him—he said, "No"—I observed him shifting his hands, as if he had got something—I searched him, and found four shells, and a phial on him—two in his coat-pocket, and two in his four shells-pocket—I asked him how he came by them—he said he bought then—I asked him who of—he said he bought them down the road, he did not know who of.

Prisoner. Q. Did not Matthews say, when you asked if he was sure I was the man who ran from him, that he was not certain? A. He said he was pretty well sure, but you were very much like the man, and he thought you were the man.

Prisoner. At Lambeth-street Office the watchman were quarrelling, and he did deny my being the man—it was not the witness, but a shorter man—there were four of them there.





THOMAS WELLS

re-examined. I know these shells—I am quite sure they are mine—I am positive they were in my dining-room the day before the robbery.





ANN DICKINSON

re-examined. I have the care of the room, and see the shells every morning—I am certain these are my master's.

Prisoner's Defence. On Friday night I went to the Pavilion, and being out late that night, could not get in at home, I thought I would take a walk down Stratford-road, and by the church I met a young man, who asked if I wanted to buy any shells—he wanted 18d. for the four—I bid him 1s., which he took.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
