



1815. 




WILLIAM JONES
 was indicted

 for forging and uttering a request for delivery of goods.






THOMAS WEBB
. I am porter to Mr. Edward Sherman, he is master of the Bull-and-Mouth, Regent-circus. On the 29th of May the prisoner came to the booking-office—he presented this order, and asked for a basket, addressed to Mr. Blandford, of Dover-street, Piccadilly—(read)—"Bull-and-Mouth coach-office, Regent-circus,—Please to send by the bearer a basket, that came by the Devonport and Exeter coach, this day, for J. Blandford, 20, Piccadilly—J. SMITH. 29th June."—I did not notice the date, but I took the order, and gave it to Mr. Sanders—there was a hamper on a box in the office, directed to Mr. Blandford, which had come by the Devonport and Exeter coach that morning—it was pointed out by a porter in the office—the prisoner took it, put it on his shoulder, and walked out of the office with it—two days afterwards I was in Oxford-street, in a cart, and saw the prisoner—I drew up immediately, and laid hold of him—the parcel was directed to No. 30, Dover-street, Piccadilly—Mr. Blandford is a surgeon, I believe—he always used to send for his parcels, and there was no complaint of their not being delivered—he never sent orders before, but this being a fresh person, we thought that was the reason—we knew the person who came before—we did not know How the name of Smith came on this order—we thought it was some assistant or something.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ever see me before the time you mention? A. No—I do not know your handwriting.





SILAS BLANDFORD
. I live at No. 20, Dover-street, Piccadilly. I have had a basket by the Devonport Subscription-coach, for the last three years, containing butter, meat, and vegetables—my servant was in the habit of fetching it till about five weeks before this, when I told the people to send it by the porter—this order I did not write nor send, nor did I authorise any person to take the basket away—it generally came on a Wednesday.





ALEXANDER THOMPSON
 (police-constable D 117.) The prisoner was brought to the station-house by Webb, charged with taking a basket from the Bull-and-Mouth—he said he was not the man—I found on him two duplicates, one in the name of Brown, and the other Smith.


Prisoner. I am not the person who committed the offence, and there is no person to prove that 1 forged the order—it is an odd thing that they should take an order dated the 29th of June on the 29th of May—it proves great carelessness, and, by the same rule, they may be mistaken in my identity.





HENRY BROWN
. I am clerk at the Bull-and-Mouth, Regent-circus, I taw the prisoner on the occasion in question—I am sure he is the person.





CHARLES JORDAN
. I saw the prisoner in the coach-office both before and after he received the parcel.




GUILTY
.* Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.
