





1644. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DUKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of August
, 2 sovereigns; 1 half-sovereigns; 8 half-crowns; 20 shillings; 2 sixpences; and 5 pence in copper
            ; the monies of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hemingway
                  




               
            .
THOMAS HEMINGWAY. I keep the King's Arms, Mile-end-road




. On the second day of Camberwell fair, in the month of August, I saw the prisoner at my house - I afterwards heard where he was, and went and took him.


                  THOMAS 
                  HEMINGWAY
               



            , JUN. On the second day of Camberwell fair, the prisoner was my father's pot-boy
. He came in with his pots in the afternoon - a person came respecting change for a 5l. note, and I gave the prisoner a pot of cyder, and told him to take it to No. 24 in the square, and tell the person they should have the change in an hour- he came back again, and said the lady would be obliged if I could let her have some change, and I gave him 19s. 4d. - he came back again, and said the lady would be obliged to me to let her have the change, as she wanted to go out, and had no change - I then gave him two sovereigns and a half-sovereign in gold, and 1l. 10s. in silver; which, with what I had sent before, made up the change - he asked for a bag to put it in, and put it into his pocket, he said he would carry it safely, and bring back the note - he went away, and did not return - it was my father's money - I told him to take it to Mrs. Rose - I delivered it him by way of change for the note - he was not to give that till he got the note.


                  GEORGE 
                  BULL
               



            . I live with my father, at No. 4, Belgrave-place. I met the prisoner near his master's that day- he said he would give me a penny to go in and tell Thomas, or any one I saw in the bar, that No. 24 in the square wanted change for a 5l. note, and a pot of cyder - I went in, and saw Thomas, and told him - the prisoner gave me the penny.


                  MARY 
                  ROSE
               



            . I live at No. 24, Beaumont-square. I am a customer of Mr. Hemingway's - during Camberwell fair the prisoner brought the cyder to my house - I had not ordered it, but I have a friend who sometimes does order it, and sends it home to me - I asked the prisoner if it was paid for - he said "Yes;" and left it - in about an hour Mr. Hemingway's man came, and asked for a note - I had had no change nor had any note - I had had change of Mr. Hemingway about three weeks before for a 5l. note.(
               
                  Samuel 
                  Wakely
               



            , a fishmonger, George-street, Stepney; and Mrs. Wakely, gave the prisoner a good character.)



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 15. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
