





2118. 




THOMAS STOKES
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of August, 200 yards of canvas, value 5l.; 200 yards of Hessen, value 5l.; 1 axe, value 2s.; 1 centre-bit stock, value 1s.; 1 centre-bit, value 6s; and 2 bags, value 6d.; the goods of the 

West India Dock Company, his masters; and 





WILLIAM WAGSTAFF
 and 



JAMES HALLEN, alias
 Hallem, alias
 Smith

, were indicted for

 feloniously receiving 200 yards of canvas, value 5l.; and 200 yards of Hessen, value 5l.; part of the same goods; well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.—3rd COUNT, for feloniously receiving them of some evil disposed person.

Messrs. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





MATTHEW PEAK
 (police-constable G 189.) On the 8th of August I was on duty in Bath-street, City-road, about one o'clock in the afternoon—that is upwards of a mile from the West India Dock warehouse, which is in Fen church-street—I saw a man of the name of Miller carrying a bag—I stopped him and asked what he had got there—he said, "It don't belong to me, it belongs to that man ahead," pointing to the prisoner Wagstaff—upon his saying that, I called to Wagstaff and asked him what was in the bag—he said it was bags—I said, "Where did you get it from?"—he said, "From Hackney"—that was the first answer he gave me—I asked who it belonged to—he said to himself—I asked," Why you are going towards Hackney; where are you going to take it to?"—he said, "That is my business"—I told him he must come to the station-house and explain it there—I took him there, and he then said he got it from Glover's Hall-court, in Beech-lane, where he lived—he gave no other account till he got before the Magistrate—I do not know whether what he said was taken down in writing—I do not think it

was—he said something else there—I searched the bag, and have its con tents here—this is part of it—here are forty-six pieces of canvas, all three yards long—two have marks on them, M 544—the others are plain—I took the prisoner Stokes on the 12th—I found him at the West India Dock warehouse, Crutched-friars—he told me he lived at No. 1, Smith-street, Thomas-street—I went there, and searched the house, accompanied by Mr. Williams, of the Dock Company—I there found an axe, a centre-bit stock, two bags, five pieces of canvas, and a number of screws—these are them—I never saw a person of the name of Morris till I was at the office.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did Stokes tell you where his residence was? A. Yes, and it was right—I found these things in a tin box, in the kitchen—there were a lot of old nails in it—I went into the garden—there is no summer-house being built there—I went to another garden over some fields, which was pointed out to me by his wife—there was a summer house there, but it was quite complete—I understood that it was a garden occupied by the prisoner jointly with another person—this axe and the screws Mr. Williams said belonged to the Dock Company.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You say there are forty-six pieces of canvas? A. Yes; cut into three yard lengths—this was about ten o'clock—I did not say that Wagstaff stated that he was going to Hackney; he said he got them from Hackney—I said, "You are going towards Hackney"—I will swear that his answer was not that he was going to Hackney—I found him in Bath-street, City-road, nearly a mile from Hackney—I should have gone a shorter way to Hackney—Wagstaff came up to me at once when I beckoned to him, and claimed the bag as his.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you examine the seats in this summer-house? A. No. It appeared to me to be quite complete, from what judgment I have—I sat on the seats, and thought they were fixed—I cannot say whe ther they had more than one leg.

MR. BODKIN. Q. How far was Wagstaff ahead of you when you spoke to Miller? A. About twenty or thirty yards—I should have stuck to the property—he told me he had brought it from Hackney, and I said, "You are going towards Hackney. "
(The Act of Parliament was here produced, which incorporated the West India Dock Company, and empowered them to sue and be sued under that title.)





GEORGE MILLER
. I live in Cherry Tree-alley, Golden-lane. I am not a porter, but being out of employment I took to it—on Tuesday, the 8th of August, about noon, I was in Coleman-street—I saw Wagstaff there—he asked me if I wanted a job—I said, "Yes, I should be glad of it"—he said he would give me a shilling and a pot of beer to take a load for him—I said, "Very well, where is it going to"—he said, "You have got a good bit to go before you take it up"—I asked him what I was to carry—he said, "That is no odds to you, it does not weigh more than 1cwt. 1qr., you can carry that, I suppose"—I went to No. 4, Glover's Hall-court, Beech-lane—I don't know whether the house is let out in lodgings—I went into the two pair front room, and saw a lot of papers all over blue, besides the bag that I took—I can not say that I know the colour of indigo—it was a very dark blue colour—I took up the bag, and helped him down with it into the street—when I got it upon my back I asked him where I was to go to—he said, "Do you know Hoxton?"—I said, "Yes, very well"—he said, "Do you know the Green Man?"—I said, "Yes, very well indeed"—he said, "That is where you have got to go to, to take it as far as there"—we started together—I

went through Bath-street, and Mr. Peak stopped me about twenty yards up—upon his asking me whose it was, I pointed out Wagstaff—we were taken to the station-house—this is the bag.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You did not think it wonderful to get a job? A. I was very glad of it—there is none hardly to carry now—I was hired about a quarter-past twelve o'clock.





RICHARD WILLIAMS
. I am a warehouse-keeper, in the employ of the West India Dock Company—they have premises in Fenchurch-street—Stokes was in their employ, and had been so a little exceeding two years—it was his duty to take charge of certain stores in the warehouse—30,029 1/2 yards of canvas had been placed under his care—it is an article prepare expressly for the Company's use, of a particular weight and quality—I find on this piece of canvas a numerical number, and the contractor's mark on it, the letter M for Murray, and a number, as received on a particular day—these facts satisfy me that it is the property of the Company—I have no doubt of it—I cannot say what quantity has been lost—about two or three hundred yards must have been taken—a person in Stokes's situation must have missed so great a quantity if it had been taken by anybody else—he never made any representation of having missed any before he was taken from his employment—he would have ample opportunity of stealing that quantity if he chose—he had the care of those things—it was part of his duty to send out samples of indigo from the warehouse—they were sent out in bags—if any thing else went out in the bag, nobody else would look over it—it would go out on his own responsibility—on the 8th of August, I saw Stokes send out some indigo—these tools are the property of the Company—they were in Stokes's care—it was his duty to keep them in a store-room—they were to be locked up—he had no authority to take them off the premises.

COURT. Q. Did Wagstaff work on the premises? A. I never saw him—he had nothing to do with the Docks, to my knowledge—I never saw him there.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you know Ridler? A. Yes, I have seen him on the West India Dock Company's premises with Stokes—I found marks of indigo on the generality of the canvas bags—they would not be cut to these lengths for any purpose on the Company's premises—they are each about three yards long—these papers which were found in Wagstaff's lodging, have contained samples of indigo—I am positive they have been on the Company's premises—each paper has contained two-pound samples of indigo—the samples sent out by Stokes on the 8th of August were contained in papers of this kind—I cannot say that they were sent out on that day, but they have been on the premises.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRICE. Q. This must have been taken from within the Docks? A. From the warehouse in Fenchurch-street—that is one of the general warehouses of the West India Dock Company—if these things had not been lost, or found or stolen, they ought to have been in the warehouse—nothing properly or honestly leaves the ware house in these small pieces—if I found a piece of canvas of this description, I should not recognise it as being the property of the Company, except from the mark—the Company sever the pieces they have to different lengths, but never to three yards—we have what is called Bolts of canvas, containing about seventy-two yards each—the smallest piece that the Company cut is about three feet six inches—they cut off larger pieces, as high as seven feet five inches, and three feet three quarters, but never

three yards exactly—whoever stole this piece must have taken it off the premises.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When were you first examined before the Magistrate? A. On the 11th of August, and on the 18th of August.

MR. PRICE. Q. Do you know Mr. John Morris? A. Yes—I do not know how to describe him—I know nothing about him from my own personal knowledge—I saw him last in May—he was introduced to me by Mr. Tyrrell, with reference to information that Morris had given him, not being found to be applicable to the East India Dock Company, but presumed to be applicable to the West India Dock Company—then I had an interview with him—and it was found to be our man Stokes—Mr. Morris was introduced to me by Mr. Tyrrell, as being capable of affording information of the Company having been robbed—he offered some information as to the description of the prisoner Stokes, and his daily avocation—what I heard I communicated to Mr. Longlands, the secretary.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Was the 25th of August the first time that any evidence was given about finding the centre-bit, and the other things? A. Certainly not—that was the final commitment—I gave my evidence of finding the things on the 12th—I did not sign any paper on the 12th—on the 18th I signed my first deposition, and a week after that I signed another deposition, containing an account of finding the things at Stokes's house—on the 12th Stokes was taken, and taken before the Magistrate, and on the same day his house was searched, and the centre-bit, stock, and bags found, and brought to the office—I signed a deposition on the 18th and another on the 25th, but it was mentioned on the first examination—there is a thoroughfare through the warehouse-yard on sufferance—we have a right to stop people, but do not—from twenty to two hundred persons are employed by the Company—I am general superintendent—the bags for packing are given out by Stokes to the maker—when the samples of indigo are not returned we see no more of the papers—but these had been returned—there is the mark of the sale lot on them—the indigo was sold in October last, and the papers remain till there is a sufficient quantity to sell them—but they never have been sold yet—after the bags quitted the prisoner's possession, and before they left the warehouse, I should say things could not have got into them that ought not—he having obtained a pass for them to go out, the gate-keeper puts his hand to them—he does not inspect them—Stokes is not there every day from morning to night—he was sent on messages formerly, but not lately—other people send out goods when he is not there—there were 30,029 yards of canvas, and Stokes never complained of his having lost two or three hundred yards—it could not have been taken without being missed by him—he has the general appropriation of this cloth—they remain in bolts till they are converted to different lengths by the prisoner—we have not been in the habit of taking stock—I understand that Stokes was in the employ of the East India Company before he came to us, and that he had a pension from them—I do not know how long he was there—I know two Mr. Johnsons—I do not know which of them is in the Private Trade Office of the East India Company.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You have been asked whether there is a thorough fare through these premises, is it through a gateway? A. Yes; that does not enable people to go through the warehouse—when a number of these

sample-bags of indigo are to be sent out they are put into a sack—it was Stokes's duty to do that, and it was his duty to go with it till it was off the premises—the watchman at the gate makes no examination—that would detect cloth at the bottom of the sack—it is a mere casual examination—confidence was placed in Stokes—200 or 300 yards is the quantity we have found—how many more have been stolen I cannot tell—from May to August communications were made to me with respect to the robberies going on at the warehouse, Stokes was allowed to remain in his situation undisturbed till August—about the 19th or the 20th of May the Company declined having any thing to do with Morris.





ELIZABETH ELLEN LOWE
. I am the wife of Joseph Reed Lowe, a working optician, and live in Glover's-hall-court, Beech-lane. I knew Wagstaff—he lived in the up-stairs room of our house—on Tuesday, the 8th of August, I saw him in company with the prisoner Hallen at my door—they went away together—shortly after that Wagstaff returned with a bag—there was something in it—it was such a bag as this—it appeared bulky—he took it up stairs—Wagstaff went out directly without the bag—he soon after returned in company with another man, a stranger to me—Wagstaff and the stranger went up stairs together—I afterwards saw them in the passage with the bag—I should not know the man again that was with him.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You saw Hallen and him together? A. Yes, that was first—then they went out, and Wagstaff returned with the bag—it was not ten minutes after Wagstaff went out that he re turned with the porter—he returned about a quarter past twelve o'clock with the bag, and in a few minutes he brought the porter and went off.





THOMAS COOPER
. I am a watchman in the employ of the West India Dock Company. I was there on the 11th of May—my attention was directed to a man of the name of Ridler, by John Williams—I watched Ridler, and followed him, when he left the dock, into the Minories—I then saw him with the prisoner Hallen—they went to a public-house, and then to an oil shop—I did not see them after—I don't know Stokes—I am watchman at the West India Docks.

MR. PAYNE
called






JOHN TREBLE
. I live at the bottom of Carter-street, Walworth-road. Stokes is building a summer-house—I was lending him a hand—I saw these tools there—the summer-house is not finished yet—I have known him ten years, and always understood him to bear an honest character.
(John Davis Cox, a publican, of Thomas-street, Kennington-common, and Richard Jones, of the Feathers, in Wild-street, gave the prisoner Stokes a good character.)

THOMAS STOKES—


GUILTY
.—Aged 33.

WILLIAM WAGSTAFF—


GUILTY
.—Aged 29.




Transported for Seven Years.

JAMES HALLEN—


NOT GUILTY
.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
