





Before Lord Chief Baron Alexander.
323. 
               
                  
                     DENNIS 
                     HALEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of December
, 3 half-sovereigns and 1 half-crown
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Timothy 
                     Brien
                  




               
            .
TIMOTHY BRIEN. I live at Mr. Mullen's, Shoreditch. The prisoner and I slept in the same room, but not in one bed; my box was in the room - I went to dine with my cousin on Christmas-day: I saw my box safe between twelve and one o'clock the night before, but did not notice it in the morning - I know it was locked; I came back between four and five in the afternoon, found it broken open, and three half-sovereigns and a half-crown taken out - I had seen them safe on Christmas-eve; I received information, and went to the Bishop Blaze public-house, New Inn-yard, and met the prisoner there - I asked if he had my money; he said No, and I gave him in charge of Barrow - a half-crown and a farthing were found in his pocket; I think this was about nine or ten o'clock at night.


                  MARY 
                  MULLENS
               



            . I keep the house No. 6, Bolt-court, Shoreditch


. The prisoner and prosecutor lodged in the same room - my son and Shehan slept in the same room; they slept together the night before Christmas-day - Brien went to dine with his cousin, before one o'clock, which was my dinner time, and left nobody in the room except the prisoner, who came down and asked me for a needle and thread to mend his breeches, which I gave him, and he went up; I went up, and he was putting a button on his breeches - I went up again in half an hour, and the door was shut; he opened it to me - he went out about three o'clock; I saw nothing of the box.


                  JOHN 
                  SAMES
               



            . I keep the Two Brewers, Shoreditch. The prisoner came there between four and five o'clock on Christmas-day, for a quartern of gin, he paid for it in halfpence, then asked for change of half a sovereign, which I gave him; he then asked for change for another half-sovereign, which I gave him - he went away; another man was with him - I think I gave him six half-crowns.


                  RICHARD 
                  PALMER
               



            . I was at the Bishop Blaze on Christmas-day. between four and five o'clock; the prisoner came in, and gave Croft, the landlady, half a sovereign and 16s. in silver, and asked her to take care of them for him; he had other money with him - the man, who was with him said, "You have given her 28s.;" she said, "No, you have not; and as you doubt me, I will nothave it at all;" she returned it to him - I saw him there again between eight and nine o'clock in the evening or later; he was tipsy - I heard him ask Mrs. Croft to take care of 15s.; she said, "What have you done with the half-sovereign?" he said, "I have lost it;" I did not see what he gave her then - he said it was 15s.; I was in a little room by the side of the bar - she came into the room in about a minute with some silver in her hand; the prisoner and the other man went into the tap-room, and in five or ten minutes the prosecutor and Policeman came, and Croft took the 15s. into the tap-room.


                  THOMAS 
                  CROFT
               



            . I keep the Bishop Blaze. The prisoner came in about nine o'clock, and asked my wife to take care of some money; I was present - she said, "How much have you got now?" he said 15s., and put six half-crowns into her hand - he said he had lost the half-sovereign; my wife gave the Policeman the six half-crowns, as he came in immediately with the prosecutor, and accused him of the robbery.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARROW
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner, about a quarter to ten o'clock, at the Bishop Blaze - the prosecutor had come to me and described him; I found half a crown and a farthing in his possession - Mrs. Croft came and delivered to me five good half-crowns and a bad one; the prisoner immediately said that was money he had worked hard for, and had received it from his master the night before - next morning I found where he had changed two half-sovereigns; I found the nails wrenched through the head of the box - it was opened by violence.


                  SAMUEL 
                  RUTTY
               



            . I am a pavior. The prisoner was in my employ - I paid him only 4s. 0 1/2d. on Christmas-eve; he had been about twelve months in my employ.
Prisoner's Defence. I saved the money up five or six months back - I got drunk, and spent some.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
