





1283. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NIXON
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 29th of July
, 1 reticule, value 6d.; 2 shillings; 2 sixpences, and 2 pence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Caroline 
                           Juden
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .
CAROLINE JUDEN. I am single
, and live at No. 2, Church-street, St. Giles's. On the 29th of July, I had been out with some friends, and as I was coming home, the prisoner overtook me - he asked what I was doing; I said counting my money, which I was - I had got my money in my hand; it was from twelve to half-past twelve o'clock - I took two shillings, and two sixpences, and tied them in a corner of my handkerchief with two knots - I put it into my bag; there was in the bag beside, two penny pieces one halfpenny, and a small key - I put the bag on my left arm; when we got to the corner of Princes-street


, I said to him, "You are taking me out of my way" - he then turned and stood in front of me, and carelessly took hold of both my hands; he stood for about two minutes - I then turned my head; he snatched my bag off my arm, and ran down Princes-street, as fast as he could run - I took my gown in my hand, and ran after him, calling "Stop thief" - the policeman sprang his rattle, and Mr. Hopkins being on the opposite side of the square, stopped him - I saw my bag at the office the next morning.
Prisoner. Q. Did you say you was a servant out of place? A. Yes, I had been out of place for three weeks; I had never seen you before - I do not know what induced you to put your hand round my waist - I never gave you any authority to do so - the last place I lived in was at No. 16, Great Quebec-street, New-road - I did not say that you had kept company with me. I never was at the Feathers at Pimlico with you, I do not know the place - I never slept with you in Oxford-street; I never asked you to borrow a shilling of your comrades, and pay my lodging and sleep with me - I went to the office after you was locked up, to get an officer to go to my lodgings, because there was a soldier in my bed.
COURT. Q. What do you mean by that? A. When I went home I looked through the key-hole, and saw a soldier in my bed; he had opened the door and got in; mine is the two-pair back room - I had left it locked when I went out; I have lived there five weeks; it is at No. 2, Church-street, St. Giles's, close to the brewhouse - there are two small windows on the stairs - I got home about half-past five o'clock in the morning: when the prisoner took my bag, the key of the padlock of my door was in it - I could not get in; I went to a friend of mine in Oxford-buildings, and slept the rest of the night, and when I went home, I found a soldier in my bed, but not belonging to the prisoner's regiment.
Prisoner. Q. Did you never attend Portman-street barracks within the last six months? A. No; I do not know two shops for drink, one on the right, and the other on the left hand side there - I was not at one of them three nights before this happened, drinking beer with you.
COURT. Q. Now attend - are you quite sure, and do you swear, that to the best of your belief, you never saw that man before? A. Never in my life; I never was with him.
Prisoner. Q. There is a public-house next to a hospital at Pimlico; were you never in the skittle-ground there with me? A. Never in my life to my knowledge.


                  HENRY 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . On the night of the 29th of July, I was at the corner of Harley-street, talking to a friend; I heard a cry of "Stop thief" and a rattle sprung; I then saw the prisoner running as fast as he could - I caught him by the collar and put my arm round his waist, and we fell together - when he was on the ground he put his hand to his bayonet and drew it three or four inches out, but just before he came to me, (nearly fronting the Duke of Portland's house), I saw him fling something into the square - the policeman came up, and this girl after him - she said he had robbed her of some money and a reticule - the prisoner said, "I know nothing about it;"he did not appear to be drunk - I told the policeman there had been something thrown into the square; they could not find it then, it being dark, but they did the next morning.
Prisoner. Q. Did I make any resistance? Witness. A. Yes; when I was on the ground you flung your leg up and tried to throw me over your head; you drew your bayonet three or four inches.
Prisoner. I only put my hand to it to save it from falling out. Witness. I hope it was so, but you appeared to me to be drawing it.



                        JAMES 
                        CLAPSON
                     






            . (police constable D 153). I was in Cavendish-square, and saw the prisoner running; I pursued him, and saw Mr. Hopkins catch him; it was then about half-past twelve o'clock; the prosecutrix followed me and said he had taken her bag from her; I asked the prisoner where it was, he said he had not got it, that he was out on leave of absence till twelve o'clock, and he knew nothing of it - I took him to the station-house, and the sergeant went to look for the bag.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOOCKER
               



            . (police sergeant D 3). I was in Cavendish-square, and saw the prisoner running; I then saw him and Mr. Hopkins struggling; the prosecutrix then came up and said she had been robbed of her bag or reticule; I took the prisoner to the station-house, and then went opposite the Duke of Portland's to look for the bag - I afterwards found this bag with two shillings, two sixpences, and twopence-halfpenny in copper in it; both the strings of the bag are broken as if it had been snatched off; the prosecutrix stated that the silver was tied up in one corner of the handkerchief which it is.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
