




2211. 




BENJAMIN ADAMS
 and 




BENJAMIN SMITH
 were indicted for

sealing, on the 
15th of October, 1 table, value 15s., the goods of 



Edward Roser.






EDWARD LANLEY
 (police-constable, L 148.) I was on duty on the 15th of October, about eight o'clock in the evening, at the end of Fleet-street—I observed a carrier's cart going along—I saw both the prisoners in conpany—my attention was directed by my fellow constable, and a young man

beckoning me, and I saw Smith take this table from a carrier's cart in the Strand, and walk with it behind Saint Clement's church, where we took him—Adams was watching the carrier while the other took the table—I saw them in company from the end of Fleet—to the Strand.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Which end of Fleet-street? A. Near Farringdon-street—I did not tell the carier: the cart was going very fast, and the carrier was inside it—I was watching the prisoners—I and my brother officer took Smith—I could not take him with the table—I had received intimation of the robbery from my brother officer, and a young man named Toole.





GEORGE VICKERS
 (police-constable, L 54). I saw Smith take the table from the carrier's cart; the other prisoner crossed the road, watching the carrier—we had watched him some distance, sometimes running, sometimes walking, at the rate the cart went at.

Cross-examined. Q. Then you were sometimes running and sometimes walking? A.. Yes; I did not tell carrier—I did not know what they were going to do till they took it—I had an idea—Adams watched the carrier in Strand—Smith left him, and went and took the table.





THOMAS TOOLE
. I am a boot and shoemaker. I was in Fleet-street, and saw these two policeman together—I did not notice them till one called me by name—I went with them up Fleet-street, and in returning I saw these two men following the cart—the tallest one pulled out a knife, and cut the cord—I ran down after the policemen who had been after the other two men, whom they had followed from thee Surrey side of the water—we followed the prisoners to the Strand, one went and took the table, and carried it off, and the other went down Holywell-street—I followed him, and collared him, and the and gave him to the policemen—I went back and found the carter at the booking—office door—I told him he had lost the table—he did not know it till then.

Cross-examined. Q. You are a shoemaker? A. Yes; I follow no other trade—I do not know haw many times I have been in this, and the other court—I have been commended several times by the bench for my activity, and the manner in which I behaved in raving the public property—I was not here last sessions, it may be two sessions ago—I do not recollect your speaking to the judges in the old Court, and reference being made to the Common Sergeant, as to my being reprimanded—what a counsel might have said, I cannot tell—you might have spoken to him—I cannot swear I have not been here twenty times—I saw one of men cutting the cord—I did not call to the man who was driving—there were two of the prisoners, and if I had gone, I should have had my head knocked off—there were persons passing.





EDWARD ROSER
. I am a carman. I was carrying this table for a customer—it was fastened on the cart a little before eight o'clock, at the bottom of Farningdon-street—I got down at the Bolt-in-Tun, and brought a basket out—I missed the table when I was told of it, at the Spotted Dog, in the strand, and found the rops had been cut—this is it.

Adams's Defence. I had been to the Olympic theatre, and came out a quarter before nine o'clock to get refreshment; on returning back, I went into a public-house, and had a glass of rum and shrub, and this man came and gave me into custody—I asked what for; he said I should see—I saw nothing.

ADAMS—


GUILTY
.—Aged 23.

SMITH—


GUILTY
.—Aged 19.




Transported for Seven Years.
