





Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
325. 
               
                  
                     HARRIETT 
                     WOODHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Rosina 
                           Johnson
                        




                     
                  , on the 22nd of January
, at St. Luke's, and stealing therein 6 tea-spoons, value 1l.; 1 necklace, value 1l.; 2 pair of sugar-tongs, value 10s.; 3 rings, value 1l.; 2 brooches, value 10s.; 1 chain, value 1s.; 1 cap, value 2s.; 1 umbrella, value 1s.; 1 box, value 3s.; and 1 bank-note for payment and of value £5., her property
            .


                  ROSINA 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a widow
, and live in Nelson-street, City-road, St. Luke's


 - the prisoner lived servant
 with me - on Wednesday, the 22nd of January, I went out in the morning and left her at home, about ten o'clock - I came home about ten the same night, and found a chest in the kitchen broken open, and a small box containing these articles taken away - I had left the chest in the kitchen, and left her there, but when I returned she was gone - I have two lodgers, and they were in the house - I lost out of the chest the property stated in the indictment, and some papers - the value of the things, besides the bank-note, was more than 4l. or 5l. - I gave information to the police.
Prisoner. I never went to live with her as servant, but as a lodger, the same as the other females.


                  JOHN 
                  WILKINSON
               



            . I am inspector of the police - I apprehended the prisoner on Friday evening, the 24th of January, about half-past nine o'clock, in a house in White Bear Gardens, Kent-street, Borough - as I passed by, the door was open, and I saw a man, who gave the name of Williams, shift something by his side - I went into the house and examined him - I found in his side pocket this chain - she was by - she directly stepped forward and said she had given it to him to pawn, and it was her property - I took her into custody - there was no evidence against her, as I did not know of this robbery, and she was discharged on the Saturday, and retaken about an hour after.
Prisoner. I did not give the person the chain, he took it off the table. Witness. She said it was her property, and she gave it him to pawn.


                  MARY 
                  LATTER
               



            . I am employed at the police-station - the prisoner was brought there in custody on Saturday, the 25th - I searched her, and found this ring on her - when I loosened her gown, it dropped from her - she said that was a ring which she had laid on the night before, and it broke - I picked it up and looked at it - she said she would give me that if I said nothing about it, and took no notice of it, and when I was going away she called me back, told me to get it mended and wear it for her sake, and take no notice of it; and she said she wished they might send her out of the country.


                  HENRY 
                  ROSS
               



            . I am a policeman - I apprehended the prisoner the second time at a house in White Bear Gardens, Kent-street, and took this cap off her head - there was an umbrella in the room which the prosecutrix identifies.
MRS. JOHNSON. This is my cap, it was in the chest that was broken open - I had not lent it to her - the umbrella is mine, and was in the kitchen, not in the chest - the ring and the chain are mine - the chain was fastened to the watch, and the ring was in a little box which was in the chest.
Prisoner. The cap she lent me, and she had my cap on which I have on my head at present; and the umbrella was lent to me, or anybody in the house, to use when it rained; the chain is my own - I have had it four years.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
