






826. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     THORNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of December

, 1 silver table-spoon, value 15s.; 3 bottles of wine, value 15s.; 1 pocket-handkerchief, value 1s., and 1 napkin, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Chitty
                        



                     
                  , her master
            .
THOMAS CHITTY, ESQ
. I live in Calthorpe-street



 - the prisoner was three months in my service, as cook
. I missed a small quantity of wine from my cellar; I was in the habit of carrying one of the keys of my cellar in my coat pocket - if I took off that coat the key would remain in the pocket; I missed the key one day, and asked the prisoner about it - she said she found it on the Sunday morning, under the supper-tray in the dining room; I said we had not supped in that room - I then went, and found the key on the book case, about seven feet from the floor, and out of sight; I then went into the kitchen, said I had missed some wine, and asked if she knew any thing of it - she denied it, and seemed astonished at my taxing her with it; I then desired her box to be unlocked, and she opened it - some duplicates were found in it, also a napkin, and a pocket-handkerchief; I had lost a silver spoon, which cost me 26s. - I gave her into custody.
Prisoner. The duplicate of the spoon was not in my box, it was down stairs in the kitchen. Witness. No - it was in the box which she unlocked.


                  GABRIEL 
                  BURROWS
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Harrison, a pawnbroker. I have a spoon, pawned on the 15th of December, but I do not know the prisoner - it is pawned in the name of Ann King; this is the duplicate.


                  JAMES 
                  MOONEY
               



            . I am a Police-constable, No. 112, E. I was present when the prisoner unlocked her box with a key which she pulled out of her pocket - these duplicates, this handkerchief, and this napkin, were found in it; there was no duplicate found in the kitchen - she said she got the duplicates from a woman, instead of some money, and the towel and handkerchief, she said came there by washing.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that the housemaid had been inquiring the value of the spoon, that the duplicate of it was sold to her, by a woman who came to the house to buy old clothes.
MR. CHITTY. My other servant is here, and has been with me a long time - I am positive the duplicate was in her box; she came to me with a false written character - I have ascertained she is a labourer's wife.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
827. MARGARET THORNE was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of September

, 1 gold diamond ring, value 2l., and 1 other golden ring, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Glover
                        



                     
                  , her master
            .
BENJAMIN GLOVER. I live in South Island-place, Brixton



. The prisoner was in my service in the latter end of 1831, and she had lived with my late father and mother for seven or eight years - I then lost sight of her, but met her by accident, in St. Paul's church-yard; she said she was out of employ, and I said she was welcome to go to my house till she got a situation - she was there about three months, and I told her she might consider herself a servant
, and agreed to give her wages; I missed a number of articles, and among the rest a diamond ring - the duplicate of it was found in the prisoner's box, at Mr. Chitty's.
JAMES MOONEY. I found this duplicate in the prisoner's box, on the 28th of February.



                  STEPHEN 
                  WHITAKER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Long-lane. I have a ring, pawned in the name of Smith, for 1l. - the prisoner has a strong resemblance to the person who pawned it, but I think she was rather stouter, and I understand she has a sister; this is the duplicate I gave.
MR. GLOVER. This is my ring, and I missed it while the prisoner was with me - I mentioned it to her, and she said I must have left it at the Tavistock-hotel, where I slept one night.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
