



2043. 




MARY ANN SELKIRK
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
24th of August, 3 pairs of trowsers, value 3l. 10s.; 1 1/4 yard of woollen cloth value 26s.; and 3/4 yard of kerseymere, value 7s.; the goods of 



George James and another.






GEORGE JAMES
. I am a breeches-maker, in partnership with Richard James of Clifford-street, Bond-street. On the evening of the 24th of August I was in my shop, and heard a footstep, and saw the prisoner leaving the shop—I watched her, to see which way she went, but being alone, I returned, and called the servant maid to mind the shop; and on looking to my left, where the clothes generally hung on a brass-rail. I observed the rail was bare, and missed the articles stated in the indictment—I overtook the prisoner, and passed her—I observed what she had got under her arm—I stopped them—some people came round—one went for the policeman, and we gave her in charge—these are the goods which we missed, and which were found on the pavement.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are they in the same state? A. Yes—one pair of trowsers the Magistrate allowed me to send home to a gentleman—I was not five feet from the spot when I heard the footstep—I had no workmen in the shop—I have never said that some of my workmen were acquainted with her—she did not say a man and woman went on and dropped them—it was a woman's step I heard in the shop.





GEORGE ALDRIDGE
 (police-constable C 67.) I came up—this property was on the ground—the prosecutor immediately claimed it, and did me pick it up—he charged her with having stolen it—she said nothing

Cross-examined. Q. Did not she say that a man and woman dropped it? A. Not until she got to the station-house—there were several persons round.

Guilty.

(The indictment also charged that the prisoner had been before convicted of felony.)





GEORGE AVIS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
