





522. 
               
                  
                     DENNIS 
                     WELSH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of January
, 1 iron grating, value 4s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Oliver
                  




               
            .


                  HUGH 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I live in Adam-and-Eve-court, Whitecross-street


. On the morning of the 10th of January I missed an iron grating from an area in front of the house - it had not been fastened; I saw the prisoner that same morning in Lower Whitecross-street, going into a broker's shop - I do not know the name; I am sure it was the prisoner; I saw him in custody afterwards.


                  JAMES 
                  LANE
               



            . I keep a broker's shop in Lower Whitecross-street. On the morning of the 10th of January the prisoner came to my house before I was up, and brought a grate - it was by nine, or before nine o'clock; he told me he had brought a fine grating, and put it into the passage - he said he wanted the same for that as he had for one he brought before; I told him I had not the money then, but if he would call in a few minutes I would pay him - he went away; I got an officer, and when he came again he was taken - I took the grating to the watch-house - this is it.


                  JOHN 
                  PEACOCK
               



            . I live at No. 46, Milton-street, and am a constable; I received this grating at the watch-house, and received the prisoner at the Compter - I made inquiries, and found where it had been taken from - I am not the person who first took the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OLIVER
               



            . I live at No. 9, Hamilton-place, New-road; the house No. 11, Adam-and-Eve-court, belongs to me - this grating belonged to that house; I had seen it two or three days before, and as one had been lost from an adjoining house, I told the tenant to take care of this, and nail it down - he went to nail it, and broke a part of it, by which I know it.
Prisoner. I was in distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
