




1766. 




JAMES PAYNE
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
30th of may, 1 watch, value 1l. 10s.; 1 watch-chain, value 2s.; 1 watch-key, value 3d. 1 handkerchief, valne 5s.; 1 shawl, value 1l. 5s.; and 1 shirt, value 3s. the goods of 



Henry Robert Moore; and 




ELLEN COREY



for feloniously receiving, 1 handkerchief, part and parcel of the said goods and chattels she well knowing them to have been stolen; against the statute,&c.—3rd COUNT, charging Corey as an accessary after the fact.






HENRY ROBERT MOORE
. I live in Addington-square, Cambervell

employed the prisoner Payne to clean the paint of a room, on the 30th of may—we sat down to tea at seven o'clock—he left the house, and after he was, gone I missed a watch, shawl, shut, and handkerchief—this is my watch and handkerchief—(looking at them)—I heard of it on the 31st of may—the duplicates were sent down to me on the Sunday following, the 1st of June, I believe.

Payne. On the day I left your house I sat down to tea. Witness. Yes; and left immediately afterwards—you did not stop with my wife after I was gone to feed the cows.





JOHN GREGSON
. I am in the employ of George Seekers, a pawnbroker. the prisoner Corey came on, the 31st of May, with another person, and she pledged the handkerchief in the name of Ann Corey, No. 4, rose-street.
corey. It is very false, I never was in the shop at all.





WILLIAM TUCK
. I am in the employ of Thomas Miller, a pawnbroker, in the Kingsland-road. On the 1st of June, a silver watch was pawned for 13s. by a man in appearance similar to the prisoner, in the name of Gallear—I am not certain whether it was him—the ticket is my writing—it was a man about the prisoner's size—I do not think I hare sufficient recolllection to say whether it was him—it would fetch about 17s. or 18s; J AMESBRANNAN (policesergtant G 20.) I have known the prisoners some time, and seen them together—I know them to be acquainted.





THOMAS JONES
 (police constable G 112.) I apprehended the prisoners.





HENTRY ROBERS MOORE

re-examined. He left my house at seven time, and I missed my watch about nine—I had been at home all the time, and only my wife had come in.

Pipe's Defence. He and his wife went out, came home at seven o'clock, and then I had tea, and my uncle the prosecutor, went out to milk a cow—I said to him, "Good night"—I went to my aunt and stopped with her half an hour, and then my aunt said. "you have not finished painting"—I said no—she said, "Never mind, I will finish it tommorow"—I had nothing when I left his residence.

PAYNNE†—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven years.

COREY—


NOT GUILTY
.

ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, THE 20TH OF AUGUST

