





1314. 
               
                  MARY 
                  THOMPSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of August
, 1 tobacco-box, value 2d., and 2 half-sovereigns, the goods and monies of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Beauchamp
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS BEAUCHAMP. I am a bricklayer
. On the 2nd of April, about half-past ten o'clock at night, I was in Smithfield


, and fell in with the prisoner - I went with her to the Half-moon


 - we paid one penny each, and went up stairs, where there was music, and they were playing"Kitty Jones" - I had a tin tobacco-box in my pocket, which had two half-sovereigns in it, and a bit of tobacco - the prisoner put her hand into my pocket, and took it out- I kicked up a noise, and said I had been robbed - the officer was there, and he took her.


                  GEORGE 
                  CRAWLEY
               



             (City police-constable No.61). I went to this place in plain clothes - I saw the prisoner put her hand into this man's pocket, and take out the box - the prosecutor had before taken a half-sovereign out, but whether the prisoner saw it or not I cannot tell - I found this box in her bosom.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met this man - he spoke to me and gave me a bundle to take care of - he went home with me - he then asked me to go to this house and hear a song - when we were sitting there, he turned to me and said,"These men are trying to get my money" - I said, "Give it to me, I am more sober than you are" - he said, "Put your hand into my coat, and take it," which I did, and the officer took me - the prosecutor was very tipsy - he had known me seven or eight years ago, before he was transported.
THOMAS BEAUCHAMP. I have never been transported - I have been four voyages to the East Indies, and four years on board a man-of-war.
GEORGE CRAWLEY. The prosecutor was not drunk - when I took the prisoner she said, "I thought you had been a b - y thief too."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
