





1825. 
               
                  
                     REBECCA 
                     ALDRIDGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of July
, 2 gowns, value 5s.; 2 aprens, value 2s.; 1 shift, value 1s.; 9 caps, value 5s.; 3 towels, value 2s.; 2 napkins, value 1s.; 3 petticoats, value 2s.; 3 night-gowns, value 2s.; 1 hair-brush, value 6d.; 4 combs, value 2s., and 2 tooth-brushes, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Bland
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  BLAND
               



            . I left my trunk, containing the articles stated, at Mr. McGowan's, on the 27th of July, when I went to Marylebone workhouse to be confined - when I got out I went for my box, and the landlady told me the prisoner had been and taken my box and her own; I had never allowed her to take the box or the articles; she had left there- I never heard of her till within three weeks, when she was in the workhouse; I went there with an officer - I found her with my cap on her head.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. Have you any other name but Mary? A. My name is Mary Ann, but I always went by the name of Mary; I have never been called Mary Ann since I was a child.


                  ISABELLA 
                  BURGOYNE
               



            . The prosecutrix left a trunk at my house, it was locked; the prisoner came, said she came for her own box and for Mary's, and asked what there was to pay - I said nothing at all, and asked what she was going to do with Mary's; she said, to take it to the workhouse - I only knew the prosecutrix by the name of Mary.


                  ANN 
                  FOY
               



            . The prisoner became a lodger where I was- I pawned two or three articles by her orders.
Cross-examined. Q. Where did you receive the articles from her? A. At a house where I worked; I did not assist in opening the box - I was on the opposite side of the kitchen when it was opened; the prisoner said Mary had got the key in a mistake, and she must have it opened, as she wanted something.
COURT. Q. Did Mary Bland authorize you to take any of the things? A. No.


                  HENRY 
                  HAYES
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. Baylis, a pawnbroker. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Foy
               



             pawned a petticoat for 1s., a gown for 2s., and some other things with me.


                  JOHN 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and produce these articles, which the prosecutrix identified- I took this cap off the prisoner's head.
MARY BLAND. These are all mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not break the box.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
