





148. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BURKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of November
, 1 tripod, value 5l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Nurse
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  NURSE
               



            . I am a carver and gilder
, and live in Old Cavendish-street


. This is my tripod - I did not miss it, till I was told it was taken on the 8th of November - I got some bills printed, and at three o'clock in the afternoon I saw it at Mr. Aldous - it is worth 5l., and had been on the step of my door - I had not seen it that day, but I saw it when we closed the shop the evening before.


                  JAMES 
                  ALDOUS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Berwick-street, Soho. I have known the prisoner a long time - in the forenoon of the 8th of November, he brought this tripod to my house - I asked him who he brought it from; he said, from Mr. Newcombe, a respectable gentleman, and whom I have known some years; from whom he had brought things before - I asked him if he was quite sure; he said, "Yes," and he wanted 2l. on it, which I let him have; in the course of the day some bills were brought describing it as stolen, and I gave notice of it.


                  EDWARD 
                  DAVIS
               



             (police-constable E 86). I apprehended the prisoner - I told him he was charged with stealing a tripod - I took him to the station-house, and he said, the next morning, that he had pawned it at Mr. Aldous for 2l.
Prisoner's Defence (written). I am a porter, on the day mentioned in the indictment, I was at the corner of Rathbone-place, and was accosted by a man decently attired, who asked me to carry a parcel into Berwick-street, he went with me, when we arrived at the house of Mr. Aldons, the pawnbroker, he desired me to go in, and asked whether they would take it in as a pledge, saying, that it was for Mr. Newcombe. I went in, and asked the question, and was told that it would be taken in. I then went out, took the article from Mr. Newcombe, and pledged it for two sovereigns, I gave the duplicate, and the money to Mr. Newcombe, and receive 2s. for my work. I went away, and went to my brother's in Whitechapel, and received 19s. from my brother, for my mother (which he can prove); to pay a part of the funeral expenses of my father.


                  ANN 
                  TUFT
               



            . I live opposite the prosecutor - I saw a man come to take this stand away, between eight and nine o'clock; I cannot swear to the man, but he was a short man similar to the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
