



509. 




WILLIAM EVERITT
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
9th of January, 2lbs. 10oz. of copper, value 2s. 6d.; 1lb. of brass, value 6d.; and 3lbs. 12oz. of copper, brass, and lead, mixed together, value 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



Edmund Pontifex and others, his masters.






EDMUND PONTIVEX
. On Monday, the 9th of January, Sharpe, my foreman, told me something—we called the prisoner up, after he had passed through one of the gates into the ware-room, and asked him if he had any metal about him—he said no, he had not—he was then told that metal had been found secreted in different places, that some of it was gone, and from circumstances we suspected he had taken it—he said he had not—I said, "Send for an officer"—he then said, yes, he had some metal about him, and took out a piece, I think, from his side pocket, and said that was all he had—the officer found more metal upon him in different parts—this is it—some is copper, some brass, and some lead—I have more than one partner—we are largely in the copper and metal line—some of this is old metal, some is faulty casting, but it would be of the same use as the others—after the officer found several pieces about him, he again said that was all he had about him—I said, "Look in his hat," and in his hat some more was found—one of our workmen had found some secreted away, and it went away from time to time—there was no other man in the yard that afternoon, but the one who had given the information.

Prisoner. We find these pieces about, and when we are at work about the premises we throw it any where handy, and when we have an opportunity we take them into the cellar, by Mr. W. Pontifex's orders—during the last week I suppose I took 6 cwt.—the pieces that I had about me I bad brought to take into the cellar, and before I could take them I was called up. Witness. We have gates from the yard to the factory, and he had passed these gates before he was called up.





WILLIAM HANNY
.
I work for Mr. Pontifex. On the 9th of January I was called by Gorrod—I looked into a tub and saw some metal secreted, and after tea a man told me some of it was gone—I gave notice of what I had seen.





HENRY GORROD
. I was at work there, and saw the metal secreted—I found some gone, and gave information.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not take two baskets down into the cellar on Monday? Witness. A. I believe you did.

Prisoner. I had not passed the gates when I was called by the gatekeeper, he asked if I had the keys—I said, "No"—he said, "Mr. Sharpe wants you up stairs to take a letter"—I in my hurry and flurry, put this metal in my pockets, but I never meant to do any wrong.





WILLIAM HANNY

re-examined. I was present when the prisoner was called up—he had passed through the iron gate, which is beyond the gate that leads to the cellar—he had passed the first gate, and the road to the, cellar is beyond the stairs—it was after eight o'clock, and the man always locks up the cellar at tight o'clock.





THOMAS ADAMS
. I am a watchman of St. Bride's—I was called in to search the prisoner—I found all this property on him, except this one piece, which had been produced before.

Prisoner. I intended to take it into the cellar, but was called before I

was aware where I was, and Mr. Sharpe spoke to me—Mr. E. Pontifex then came to me, and said he thought I had something about me—I stood a few minutes, and saw him whisper to some one—I began to pull the metal out of my pocket; and then Mr. Pontifex said I need not pull any more out.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.
