





1233. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Williams
                        




                     
                  , from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  STEPHEN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am an ironmonger
, and live in Newgate-street. On the 8th of May I was walking up Holborn


, about a quarter past nine o'clock in the evening; I felt a twitch at my pocket - I put my hand down, and missed my handkerchief - I turned and saw a boy on my right; I accused him of taking it - he said he had not; I turned on the other side, and saw the prisoner - the Policeman came up, and said he had stolen my handkerchief, and had thrown it down - I took it up; this is it.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  LUCAS SCOTT
               



            . (City Policeman No. 59) I was passing Holborn at a quarter after nine o'clock - I saw the prisoner and two others behind the prosecutor; the prisoner was the foremost - as I passed he drew the handkerchief, and threw it into the road - I took it up, and took him from the prosecutor - the other two were behind the prisoner when he took it; he threw it behind him, but it missed the boy's hand he intended it for, and fell into the road - I am not mistaken in his person; I had noticed them before they took it.
CHARLES LANKINHORN. I am a shoemaker, and live on Saffron-hill. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office - I was present at the trial of the prisoner and Murray; I know him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
