



1430. 




JOHN FLOYD
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Susan Champtaloup, on the 
21st of March, and stealing therein 1 cap, value 1s., her property.






SUSAN CHAMPTALOUP
. I keep a shop in Bridge-street, Greenwich. On the 21st of March, about a quarter past seven o'clock in the evening, the witness M'Carthy came and gave me information, in consequence of which I missed a man's cap, which I had seen safe at five o'clock, hanging in the passage, against the parlour door—my street door was shut, and fastened with a catch-lock—it could be opened outside—you must come through the passage to get to the shop—the shop door was open—that is on the right-hand side of the passage, and the parlour door on the left.





WILLIAM THOMAS M'CARTHY
. I am going on for twelve years of age. I have known the prisoner about six months—on the 21st of March, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I went to my grandmother's, who lodges I at the prosecutrix's, and saw the prisoner, with two other boys, in the passage, taking the cap—I was standing on the stairs at the time—I had opened the street door myself and gone up—I shut the street door after me—as I went up stairs I heard somebody come in, and heard the bell ring, which hung behind the door—I looked behind me, and saw the prisoner taking the cap down—there was no light in the passage, but there was a lamp outside, and I saw him by that—I saw his face—he passed the cap down to the other boys in the passage, and they ran out into the street—I went after them, and stood and looked at them—they went by a little bow window, and tried it on—the prisoner said it would fetch 6d.—one of them stopped at the window, while the prisoner and another went with a pair of shoes into Mrs. Champtaloup's shop, and asked her if she would buy them—she said, "No"—I went and asked her if she had lost any thing, and told her what I had seen—I am quite sure I shut the door when I came in—it has a spring lock, and I heard the spring go—I am certain I put my hand to it, and felt it was fast.





DANIEL REARDON
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody on the 21st of March, about seven o'clock in the evening, at the shop of Mr. Wolfe, in Greenwich market—he had this cap in his hand, and another lad was standing at the counter—I asked the prisoner what he was

going to do with it—he raid, "To sell it"—I asked where be got it from—he said from a lad, who was to give him 2d. to sell it for him.





ELIAS WOOLFE
. I keep a shop at Greenwich. The prisoner came to me on the 21st of March, with another boy, and offered the cap for sale—the policeman came and took him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A lad sent me to sell it out of the market, and said he would give me two pence—I went to Woolfe—I met a boy going there about a coat, and went in with him-Woolfe offered me sixpence for the cap—I did not sell it to him.
(The prisoner received a good character.)




GUILTY of Larceny only. Aged 15.—Recommended to mercy.



Transported for Seven Years—Isle of Wight.

Before Mr. Justice Little dale.

