



1167. 




ROBERT SOWERBY
 was indicted

, for that he, on the 
1st of April, at 
St. Ann's, Limehouse, feloniously did forge a certain order for the payment of £5., with intent to defraud 



Sarah Horncastle. 2nd COUNT, for uttering, disposing of, and putting off a like forged order with a like intent.






SARAH HORNCASTLE
. I am a widow, and live at St. Ann's, Limehouse. I let lodgings, and take in washing—in February last the prisoner came to my house, and said he was going to work in the West India docks as a permanent man—I let him a bed and room for 3s. a week—he remained seven weeks and five days—he gave me 8s. the first week—I said I was very much distressed, and could not board him without money—he said he would get a ship and go out as steward, and leave me his two months advance-note, which would set all to rights—he afterwards said he was going in the Antelope for Jamaica, at 2l. 10s. a month—he showed me the note, and said he must have clothes, or he could not go—I advanced him 8s., and I let him have some clothes, which I valued at 8s.—he asked if I had a pen and ink—I gave him one—he said he would sign his name on the back, or it would not do—he signed his name and read it to me, and gave it to me as a just note for payment of 5l.—this is the note—I put it up stain in my drawer—the policeman came to me on the Saturday, and I gave him the note—he told me it was forged—the prisoner was then in custody—I got a waterman to take the note to the Antelope—the people there said it was a just note, provided he went out in the ship—I inquired for Edmonds the master, at Eltham-place, Blackheath, but could find nobody of that name—the prisoner wrote the large writing on the back of the note—I saw him do it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you go to Blackheath? A.


Yes; to Eltham-place—I saw Eltham-place written up, and I saw the tax-gatherer, who said he had no such name on his books—the prisoner owed me 5l. at the time he gave me the note—I saw the Antelope lying off Deptford—I went before the Magistrate the first time he was examined, on the 4th of April—I never objected to go before the Magistrate—I did not say I would not prosecute him—he said he had been living with his father and mother before he came to me—he said he had prize-money coming to him—it was in consequence of what the policeman told me that I suspected it—I thought it was a just note before—I inquired for Edmonds at seven or eight houses—there are six or seven houses in Eltham-place.

COURT. Q. You could not find the prisoner after he gave you the note? A. No; he went away—I saw him at the station-house two days after.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you make inquiry for Mr. Edmonds, the master of the Antelope? A. No, not at the ship, I enquired for Edmonds of Eltham-place.
(The note being read, was an order for payment of 5l. three days after the Antelope sailed, provided the prisoner was on board,—it was signed "William Edmonds, master;" addressed to "William Edmonds, Eltham-place, Blackheath.")





WILLIAM GILLETT
. I am a policeman. The prisoner came to me at the station-house on Saturday, the 4th of April, and said he wished to give himself up for forgery; that he had forged a bill for 5l., and had given it to Mrs. Horncastle, of Limehouse—I went to her, and she gave me the bill—I went with her to Blackheath, and made inquiry for the master or owner of the Antelope, but could find nobody of the name of Edmonds—I returned to the station-house, and told him he had given me a chase about the bill—he said, "I told you before you went that I wrote it myself, I put the first thing that came into my head; I did not know there was such a ship as the Antelope."

Cross-examined. Q. Where did this take place? A. At Hoxton station-house—he seemed sober—he said he wished to give himself into custody for forgery—I asked him who it concerned—he said, Mrs. Horncastle, at Limehouse, and described the street to me—my inspector was present—the station-house is half an hour's walk from Mrs. Horncastle's—I went down the river between Deptford and Greenwich, but could find no Antelope—I found nothing on him—he directed me to a house which I knew to be a brothel, and I found his portmanteau there—he desired me to take care of it—I found papers in it which I have not brought here.

Prisoner's Defence (written.) I unfortunately got into the prosecutrix's debt, and being pressed for payment, I was induced, in an unguarded moment, and when under the influence of liquor, to give the prosecutrix a note to hold as security—purporting to be a pay-ticket for 5l., which was entirely a fictitious one, as I had stated therein the name of the vessel and parties which I believe were never in existence—I gave her this note in order to satisfy her until I should be able, by the receipt of some money I was daily expecting, to pay her, though I had no intention or wish to defraud; and if I had not have been so much under the excitement of liquor, I should never have been guilty of practising such a deception, which I so severely regretted on reflection, that I was induced voluntarily to surrender myself—my prosecutrix stated that she should not have thought of prosecuting such a charge, feeling convinced I should have paid

her the moment I received my money—I have been seven years in the navy, and had lately returned from the service of Donna Maria.

MR. PAYNE
to
MRS. HORNCASTLE. Q. Had you pressed him very much for money? A. I told him, three weeks or a month before, that I was very much in want of money—he promised to give me his advance-note—the policeman came to me three days after that.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Life.
