



1057. 




JOHN WRIGHT, alias
 Stephen Wood

, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of March, 2 heifers, price 16l., the property of 



Job Keen; 1 cow, price 5l., the property of 



William Quearey; and 1 heifer, price 3l., the property of 



William Henry Watkins.






JOB KEEN
. I rent a little land at Chigwell, in Essex, on the borders of the forest. I had two heifers safe there at six o'clock on Sunday night, the 20th of March—I heard of their being in Smithfield-market on Monday—I came up on Monday, and found them—the prisoner lives in our neighbourhood.





JOHN MARTIN
. I am a bullock salesman. On Monday, the 20th of March, I was in Smithfield-market, and saw the prisoner there driving three heifers and a cow—he asked me to sell them for him—I asked him who they belonged to—he said to his master, Mr. Wright of Laytonstone—he said his master wished me to sell them for what I could, and not to torn them out, as he wanted the money—he came to me soon after, and said he was very ill, and wished me to sell the other one as quick as I could, for he wanted to take the coach, and go home—I had sold three to Mr. Hughes, and the other one I had sold, but not delivered; I gave that to Bates.





WILLIAM HUGHES
. I live at Islington. I bought three heifers of Martin, which I afterwards gave up to Bates.





WILLIAM HENRY WATKINS
. I live at Woodford. I had a great many cows on the forest—the officers showed me one at the Ram Inn, Smithfield, which was mine—the prisoner lives about a mile and a quarter from me—I never authorised him to sell it—there is no Mr. Wright at Laytonstone.





WILLIAM QUEAREY
. I live at Chigwell. I saw my cow safe on the forest at half-past six o'clock on Sunday night, the 18th of March—I missed it in the morning, and found it at the Ram Inn yard, Smithfleld, in possession of Bates.





JOHN FISHER
. I am a City policeman. I apprehended the prisoner in Smithfield-market—he gave his name as John Wright.





JAMES BATES
. I am a City policeman. I had the three heifers and a cow in my possession—two of them I delivered to Keen.

Prisoner. I was drawn into it.




GUILTY
. Aged 18,—


Transported for Life.
