





1308. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of April
, 4 half-crowns; 1 pocket-book, value 6d.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s., and 1 pair of trousers, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Hay
                  




               
            ; and that he had before been convicted of felony.
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAWTHORN
               



            . I am assistant task-master at the Penitentiary. The prisoner was confined there - I saw him when he was brought in after his attempt to escape - I took a waistcoat, a pair of trousers, and a pair of boots from him, which belonged to Mr. Hay.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. The prison dress is green and brown? A. Yes - that is very conspicuons.
THE REV. 
               
                  WHITWORTH 
                  RUSSELL
               



            . I was present the moment the prisoner was discovered; he had in his hand this pocket-book, which he delivered to me; there were four half-crowns in it, which are in it still.


                  PETER 
                  HAY
               



            . This waistcoat, trousers, and boots are mine - this pocket-book is mine, and these memorandums: I had left it safe in my box on the evening of the 8th of April, when I went out; when I returned my box was broken open, and these articles gone - this book had been thrown carelessly into the bottom of the box.
Cross-examined. Q.Might it not have fallen into one of the pockets? A. The waistcoat pockets would not hold it, and it would not have gone very well into the trousers.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TONGUE
               



            . I came from Salford. I produce a copy of the former conviction of the prisoner there - I was present, and know he is the person.

Prisoner's Defence. An opportunity of making my escape being offered, these clothes were taken for that purpose - the pocket-book was thrown down in the garden, and it was found there - it had been taken with the clothes, which were only taken to make my escape; there were other things I did not take.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
