





960. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     CANE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of April
, 3 shifts, value 25s., and 2 handkerchiefs, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Edward Cornelius 
                  Cooper
               




            , her master.


                  LILLY 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am the wife of Edward Cornelius Cooper - we live in King-square


; the prisoner was six weeks in our service. On Wednesday evening last a lodger on the first floor missed a sovereign; I suspected the prisoner, and asked if she would allow me to see her box - she put it on the floor, lifted up the lid herself, and I found in it a lawn handkerchief of my own, and two duplicates of the other articles - I asked her where she got the articles which were pawned - she said she found them in the street; my husband sent for an officer.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  DONOVAN
               



            . I am a watchman of King-square. I took the prisoner to the station-house; the handkerchiefs and duplicates were found, and given to me.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  NICHOLLS
               



            . I am a Policeman. I received the prisoner in charge at the station, with the duplicates and property.


                  JOSEPH 
                  AVANT
               



            . I live with Mr. Gray, in Fleet-street. I received these two shifts in pawn - I do not know who from, but this is the duplicate I gave the person.


                  FREDERICK 
                  JAMES
               



            . I live with Mr. Bath, a pawnbroker, in Goswell-street. I have a shift and silk handkerchief, pawned by a person, to whom I gave this duplicate - I cannot swear who it was.(Property produced and sworn to)
Prisoner. I meant to get them out of pawn.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
MRS. COOPER. I believe she stole the sovereign out of the lodger's purse.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
