



332. 




WILLIAM AYLWARD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of November, at 
St. George the Martyr, Southwark, 2 ewes, value 4l.; and 2 lambs, value 2l.; the goods of 



Ann Pott.






THOMAS HOLLAMBY
. I live at Pensherst, Kent, and am servant to Ann Pott. On the 26th of November, I saw the two ewes and two lambs at the station-house, Union-hall—they were the property of Mrs. Pott—I was her servant at the time—I had seen them on her premises, to the best of my knowledge, on Thursday morning, the 20th of November, at Pensherst, which is thirty-two miles from town—one ewe had a mark—it was sheared about three parts along the back and down the side—it was shorn the first time about the middle of May, but the fly had taken it, and I sheared it three parts along the back and down the side, in consequence of that—there was no particular mark on the other three—I am certain they belong to Mrs. Pott—I did not miss them till I heard they were stopped in or near London—I heard that on the Monday, the day before—I know the prisoner very well—he lived near Pensherst, and belongs to Chiltington, which is the adjoining parish.





PETER KENDALL
 (police-constable P 120.) On Friday, the 21st of November, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I was in the London-road, St. George the Martyr, Southwark, and saw the prisoner with a horse and cart, and four sheep in it—he was leading the horse along the road, as it seemed very tired—I asked him where he was going with the sheep—he said to Smithfield—I asked who lie was going to take them to there—he said, "Mr. Smith, a salesman"—I assisted Collier in taking him into custody—I searched him at the station-house, and found two turnpike tickets in his pocket, one of Kennington gate, and one of Godstone, Surrey—he said he had come through those gates that morning—I have the tickets here—I observed his horse's feet—I think it had one shoe off—it appeared very tired indeed—he said he could hardly get it on, and that it was quite knocked up, coming so far.





JOHN COLLIER
. I am a policeman. A little after eleven o'clock on the morning of Friday, the 21st of November, I was with Kendall, and saw the prisoner pass in the London-road, leading a horse and cart, containing four her by a gentleman—I found this gown in a box unlocked, in a lower room

live sheep—I looked round the cart, and saw two different addresses on it, which caused my suspicion—on one side was "Charles Franklin, Battle-Bridge, Middlesex," and on the back was "Charles Franklin, Woodcutter, Liverpool-road, Islington"—I asked the prisoner if the sheep were for sale—he said they would he when he got to Smithfield—I told him I was an officer, and he need not answer me any questions unless he pleased, as I suspected the sheep had been stolen—I then asked where he came from—he said, "From the borders of Sussex"—I said the borders of Sussex were a long way round, could he not tell me nearer than that—he said you know Cookfield, Lipfield, and some other places which I do not recollect—I said, "You can't come from all those places," and asked who he brought the sheep from—he said at first he could not remember the name of the person who sent him with the sheep—shortly after he said it was Mr. Porter, a general dealer, from Blackham-common, and he was going to take them to Mr. Smith, a salesman, at Smithfield—that Mr. Porter had sent them up as an experiment, and he was to have had 17s. for bringing them up—I asked him if he had any letter to the salesman—he said the sheep were to be sold by Smith, who was to get what he could for them, and he was to take back what money they fetched—I told him it was the general practice to mark sheep when sent to Smithfield for sale—he said he was ordered not to mark them till he got into Smithfield—at the station-house I found two pieces of cord in his hat, with a portion of wool on them, and some red ochre in his pocket—the cords appeared as if they had been tying sheep—red ochre is used in marking sheep—I have the skin of one of the sheep, which the bailiff swore to when it was alive—the butcher gave it over to me—the sheep have been slaughtered since last Sessions, when the trial was put off.

Prisoner. I told him I was not to mark them till I got to Smithfield; and the salesman would do it himself—I do not know the names of some places he has mentioned—two or three people asked me if I came through this and that place. Witness. He did not say the salesman would do it himself—when he said he came from the borders of Sussex, I said, could he not tell me something nearer; and he mentioned those places himself—he said at the station-house that he lived at Chiltington, and he knew he was wrong in not having his name on the cart—that he bought it in Smithfield twelve months ago.





THOMAS HOLLAMBY
. I believe this to be the skin of one of the ewes—I have no doubt of it—I have been there fifteen months—the countenances of the sheep were very familiar to me.

Prisoner's Defence. I was standing in the road between Penshurst and Tunbridge Wells—John Porter came and asked me how much I would take four sheep to London for—I agreed to take them, and I asked him to let me take them that night; and he said if I started by eleven or twelve o'clock, it would be sufficient—I went, and this person stopped me—my horse was very tired—I met Porter about eleven o'clock in the morning, and I went to Blackham Common to get the sheep the same evening—I have been in the habit of working with a horse and cart for nine years—I am innocent of knowing they were stolen—I have a wife and five small children.





THOMAS HOLLAMBY
. I know Blackham Common—it is about four miles from Cheddingston.
(Henry Aylward, the prisoner's brother, and Sarah Skinner, gave him a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Life.


Second Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

