





642. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November
, 38 1/2 yards of woollen cloth, value 27l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Westall
               




             and others.
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WESTALL
               



            . I am a member of the firm of Spence, Bagley and Westall - we are warehousemen
, and live in King-street, Cheapside. On the 24th of November we received, by post, this letter (See No.1.) - in consequence of which, we sent thirty-eight yards and a half of woollen cloth by our porter to the Kent and Essex tavern, in Whitechapel - it was directed for Jesup and Son, Halstead, who appeared to be the writers of the letter; we had not known them before, but we ascertained, from inquiry, that they were respectable people - the value of the cloth was 27l. 2s. 1d.; we have not seen it since.
WILLIAM BLUNDEN. I am porter to the prosecutors, On the 24th of November I took some goods from their house to the Kent and Essex tavern, Whitechapel


 - they were directed, "Jesup and Son, Halstead;" I delivered them to Mr. Denton.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  DENTON
               



            . I am book-keeper at the Kent and Essex tavern. I saw the prisoner three times before I received the goods; one time was about a week before I received them - he gave himself the name of Smith, of Halstead, and said he had taken a house at Bockingchurch-street, and had set up a new van to go from and to London; that Mr. Jesup, and Mr. Brockway had promised him the charge of their goods, and he should have a great deal of goods to come to our yard, if I would take them in for him and book them - I saw him shortly before these goods came; he said he expected some goods for Mr. Jesup and Mr. Brockway in a few days, and no doubt there would be plenty sent to go by him; on the 24th of November I received the goods from Blunden, for Mr. Jesup, of Halstead, to go by Smith.

COURT. Q. Had you seen any van of his before? A. No; he said it was not finished.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you receive any more goods? A. Two parcels for Mr. Jesup, and one for Mr Brockway - that was all. On the 27th of November I received this letter from 
               
                  Garret 
                  Scollard
               



             (See No. 2) - in consequence of which I delivered the goods to Scollard, and sent my nephew and my porter to see that they were delivered to the prisoner, as I did not know Scollard.


                  GARRET 
                  SCOLLARD
               



            . I was a porter in November last. The prisoner came to me and asked if I wanted a job; he gave me this note to go and get two parcels from the Kent and Essex yard - I was to take them to the Royal Oak, in Whitechapel-road, on the right-hand side, below the church; the Kent and Essex tavern is opposite Red Lion-street - I delivered the note to the clerk; he would not trust me, as he did not know me, and he sent a boy and a porter with me and the goods - we went to the Royal Oak, and found the prisoner outside the door; he said his van had not come - we delivered him the goods; he gave me 1s., and said it was all right.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILKINSON
               



            . I am nephew of the book-keeper at the Kent and Essex tavern. Scollard took one parcel, and I the other, to the Royal Oak; we saw the prisoner, who said his van would be up next week, and he hoped for a load - he should have a hogshead of sugar for one thing; I am sure he is the man to whom the parcels were delivered - he gave the porter 1s.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  COE
               



            . I am porter to the book-keeper at the Kent and Essex tavern. I took one parcel to the Royal Oak, and Scollard took the other; I delivered my parcel to the prisoner - he said he was waiting for his friend, who was to take them.


                  JAMES 
                  JESUP
               



            . I am a member of the Society of Friends. I live with my father, Samuel Jesup, at Halstead; I was not acquainted with the firm of Spence, Bagley and Westall - this letter is not my writing, or my father's; I know nothing of the transaction at all - the first I heard of it was about the middle of last month, when we received a letter from Spence and Co. enclosing a bill for acceptance; I could not recognize the prisoner, but I have discovered since he has been in custody, that he is a person I once knew, as living at Bocking - there is a carrier named Smith, but the prisoner is not the man; he never had authority from us to receive any goods. (letters read.)
[No. 1] Halstead, 23rd November, 1829.
RESPECTED FRIENDS, - Please forward per Smith, form the Kent and Essex tavern, Whitechapel, to-morrow by four o'clock without fail, as under, and you will oblige your friends.
Here followed an order for the goods.] S.JESUP and SONS.
To Messrs. Spence, Bagley and Westall.
[No. 2.] 27th November, 1829.
SIR, - My van will not be up this week, but next Tuesday I intend coming into your yard, so I shall feel thankful for any thing you can book for me; Mr. Jesup, of Halstead, has promised me some this week - if there is any for him or Mr. Brockway, let the man have them, as a friend of mine is going to carry them for me this week, and his man will not be able to call for them. Yours, &c., 
               J. 
            SMITH.
Addressed to the book-keeper, at the Kent and Essex tavern.
Prisoner's Defence. I was only committed last Wednesday, and had not time to get friends.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
