





2174. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LARKIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of October
, 1 coat, value 50s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Sanson
               




            .
JAMES SANSON. I keep the Cheshire Cheese, in Dean-street, Holborn




. On the morning of the 19th of October, I took one of my coats from a box, and brought it down to air - I laid it on a table in the back parlour; the prisoner came to inquire if I wanted a person in my employ, as my man had left me - a gentleman came in, and I left the room; I saw the prisoner pass out by the bar - I stepped into the back parlour, and missed my coat; there are two doors to my parlour, with windows in them - I had never had my coat on; it cost 3l. 10s. - this is it.


                  LYON 
                  COHEN
               



            . I live in Bull-court, Aldgate, and deal in clothes. On the 19th of October the prisoner came after me in Holborn, and said, "Will you buy this coat?" I turned round, and said, "I am sure you don't want to sell that coat;" he said Yes he did - I looked at it, and it was full of moth holes in the back; I said, "What do you ask for it?" he said 8s.; I said, "How did you come by it?" he said, "It is my own;" I said, "It is too large for you;" a boy came up, took hold of him, and said he had stolen it- I said, "Hold him fast - where does your father live?" he said in Dean-street; I took the coat up in my arms, and said, "Go, you don't;" I ran to Dean-street - the prosecutor stood at the door, and I took him to the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  SANSON
               



            , JUN. I live with my father. I came up to the prisoner, who was talking to Cohen - I took hold of the prisoner, and Cohen kept the coat.(Property produced and sworn to)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
