





Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
322. 
               
                  
                     JAMES WATSON 
                     CLIFFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 25th of January
, at St. George, Hanover-square, 127 handkerchiefs, value 25l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Beale
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  James 
                  Beale
               



            , who is a hosier
, in New Bond-street, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square


 - on Saturday, the 25th of January, a little after three o'clock in the afternoon, I was in the shop, laying a parcel on a side-counter, and, on raising myself up, I perceived the prisoner leaving the shop with a pile of handkerchiefs under his arm - he went out of the shop - I pursued and overtook him ten or fifteen yards down the street, with the handkerchiefs under his arm - I seized hold of him, and he made a little resistance, but he could not get from me - Higgins came up and assisted me, and we brought him back to the shop door, and afterwards took him to Marlborough-street - the parcel under his arm was one hundred and twenty-seven silk handkerchiefs, worth 25l. - they had been placed on a show table, on the right hand side, some little distance in the shop - I had seen them about ten minutes before - I never lost sight of him.


                  THOMAS 
                  HIGGINS
               



            . I was in Bond-street, having left the prosecutor's shop five minutes before, and was returning, when I saw Powell holding the prisoner by his collar; and, as I came up the street, I saw him drop the handkerchiefs - I caught hold of him directly - I cannot say whether he dropped them before Powell collared him, or after - I took hold of him also, took him back to the shop, andthe handkerchiefs were taken back, and given to the officer.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. It is my first offence; I hope you will show me as much mercy as you can.


                  Thomas 
                  Ibbotson
               



            , printer, Savoy-street, Strand; 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Gray
               



            , printer, Edward-street, Blackfriars'-road; and 
               
                  Charles 
                  Wharton
               



            , baker, Bermondsey, gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
