




663. 




GEORGE DENNY
 and 




JOHN WOOTTEN
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Charlton, on the 
12th of January, at 
Woolwich, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 4 watches, value 8l., his goods.






JOHN CHARLTON
. I am a watchmaker and jeweller, and live in Welington-street, Woolwich. On the 12th of January, I placed some watches and other property in my window at nine o'clock in the morning—I had occasion to go to London about eleven o'clock, and saw them safe in the window about five minutes before eleven o'clock—I returned at five o'clock, and then missed them—there was a pane of glass in the window partly cocked, hut not broken through—I found it quite broken through when I came home, and the piece forced out laying inside the window—the watches were worth 8l. or 10l.—I have since seen two of them.





GEORGE MINORS
. I am the prosecutor's apprentice. On the 12th of January, about a quarter to three o'clock in the afternoon, I had been cleaning the window, and the prisoner Wootten came and asked me the price of the different articles in the window—I was not outside then—I told him I did not know—he did not come into the shop at all—I afterwards went outside, and he asked me more questions about the articles—about ten minutes afterwards, somebody came in and gave an alarm—I looked at the shop window, and found it broken—I had seen it safe an hour before.

Wootten. Q. What do you know me by? A. By his appearance—I am sure he is the same man—I never saw him before—I was talking to him altogether about five minutes—he asked a good many questions.





MARGARET MOORE
. I live in Artillery-place, Woolwich. On the 12th of January, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was near Mr. Charlton's shop, and saw the prisoner Denny break the window—he shoved his hand

through it, and took something out twice—he then run away, and somebody else ran with him—the other was standing at Mr. Charlton's other shop window—Denny put the things he took in the front part of his trowsers.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Was it rather dark? A. No, it was not dark, there was a shower of rain at the time—it was getting dark—I was about four yards from Denny, coming past—just as I came to Mr. Charlton's window, he had broken it—I heard it break, and saw him put his hand in—I had not noticed the window before—there was no one passing at the time—I went home and told my father—there was nobody in the street, or I should have made an alarm—I did not like to go into the prosecutor's shop—I was frightened—my father went down directly, and gave the alarm—we lire about ten doors off—the person was five minutes in my sight—he did not put his hand in directly he broke it—he broke it with his hand as far as I could see—I only guess it was about five minutes that I saw him—I never saw him before—I should not know the other person again—Denny was nearest to me—one stood at one window, and the other at the Other—I could not see them both at one time, as the window projects—after Denny had taken the things, he went a few steps, tad then the other went after him, and joined him, and both ran away together—I did not see the face of the other—I saw Denny's face, and took particular notice of him.





RICHARD SHARWOOD
 (police-constable R 165.) A little before five o'clock on the 10th of January I saw the two prisoners coming over Deptford-bridge, towards London—I suspected and followed them—Denny looked round and saw me, and he took to his heels and ran away—I immediately stepped up and secured Wootten—I found two watches on him—one in his trowsers pocket, and one in his left-hand jacket pocket—I said, "When did you get these from?"—he said, "I found them in the hedge, tied up in this handkerchief "Producing one—when I got to the station-house, I heard of this robbery—I gave information, and Denny was apprehended by another constable—I had seen the prisoners together about one o'clock the same day in Church-street, Deptford, about four miles from Mr. Charlton's—they were idling about in the middle of the road in company together—I am quite sure Denny is the person who ran away.

Cross-examined. Q. How long were they under your observation there? A. For about two minutes; and for about two minutes when I saw them at one o'clock—I passed them in the street—I never saw Denny before that day.

Wootten. I gave him the watches out of my pocket. Witness. I took them out myself—he did not give them to me.





EDWARD KENNEDY
. (police-constable K 228.) In consequence of information, I went in search of Denny on Friday, the 13th of January, and found him in Twine-court, Shad well, about half-past one o'clock in the night—there were several prostitutes in the house—I told him I wanted him immediately—I took him to the station-house, where Sharwood was and he recognised him as the person who had ran away from him—I found on him 3s. 6d., a watch, a key, and two duplicates; one in the name of Wootten—I knew the prisoners by sight, and have seen them in company many times before.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known Denny? A. since Christmas—I have seen them together since then—I saw them together the morning before Christmas, about half-past two o'clock.—I found nothing on him relating to the robbery.





JOHN CHARLTON
 (re-examined.) These are two of the watches I hung

upon the morning of the robbery—the window the watches hung in, is exactly parallel with the street, and immediately in the passage there is a bend in the house; the street widens there, and a person standing at one window cannot see the other—they are about four feet distant—there is the width of the passage between—the street immediately widens at the passage door.

MR. JONES. Q. You have the girl state where she stood—now supposing both the persons stood where she described them, could she see them both? A. No; the one in the direct line of the street she could, but the one at the other window she could not see till he moved out parallel with the street—one of the watches I had to be repaired—neither of them were made by me—the glass had been cracked about two days.
(ROBERT FRENCH, boot and shoe-maker, of Backchurch-lane, White-chapel gave the prisoner Denny a good character.)

DENNY—


GUILTY
. † Aged 18.

WOOTTEN—


GUILTY
. † Aged 16.





Transported for Life.


Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
