





769. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CASTLE
                  




               
             was indicted for that, 


               he on the 6th of March
, at Wilsden, a certain building there, feloniously did break and enter, being within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Clark
                        




                     
                  , and did steal 9 live same fowls, price 20s.; 2 saws, value 2s., 1 knife, value 3d., and 1 coat, value 1s., his property
            .
JOHN CLARK. I live at Kilburn, in Wilsden parish


; this building is within thirty yards of my farm house - it is within the fence, and the door is within the yard; I locked it up at eight o'clock on the Friday evening, and at six in the morning of the 6th of March I found it had been broken open, and this property all gone; I lost nine fowls, two saws, a knife, and a coat - the staple of the padlock had been drawn, and put in again.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I am an officer. I met the prisoner at half-past six o'clock in the morning of the 6th of March, in Devoushire-street, a mile and a half, or two miles from the prosecutor's; I purshed him down a narrow passage into Charles-street, and asked what he had in the sack that he had with him - he said, "Some salt beef;" I opened it, and found four fowls, a piece of beef, a knife, and mortice chisel; I asked how he got them- he said he found them on the canal bridge on the Harrow-road, just by the watch-box; this cloth was in the sack, which has a name on it, but it is not in this indictment - this coat was on his back; the chisel exactly fits the marks on the door of the building.


                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               



            . This knife is mine, and the four fowls were part of my nine - this coat is also mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw the sack lying in the road with the beef and fowls - I took it up, and the officer took me in William-street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
