






282. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Roberts
                        




                     
                  , on the 4th of January
, and stealing, 3 reams of paper, value 2l. 10s., his property
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a stationer
, and live in Watling-street


. The prisoners are perfect strangers to me - my warehouse door is kept shut, but not bolted; on the 4th of January, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I heard a noise at the end of the warehouse, and thought it was my porter engaged about the paper, but the constable came in and asked if I had sent any paper out - I told him I had not, and in about five minutes I took Jones into custody, with three reams of paper on his shoulder; he had gone down Queen-street, turned to the left, and up a street to the right - I said, "You have stolen my paper;" he denied it, and said he was employed by a stranger to take it to Aldersgate-street - he did not say to whom; I took him into a house - then he was brought to my house; I have not a doubt of the paper being nine - on returning to my warehouse I found Wright in the custody of my porter; I had only lost three reams - I cannot myself he certain the door was closed; I first saw Jones at the top of St. Thomas Apostle, about two hundred yards from my house.


                  FRANCIS 
                  ARNOLD
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Roberts. I was at home about five o'clock in the evening, and left the door on the latch, I am quite positive - I went into the cellar leaving nobody in the warehouse; master was in the counting-house, and in about five minutes the officer came - I ran up stairs directly, and the instant he spoke I missed the three reams of paper, which I had seen safe before; there had been sixty-two in the stuck when I went into the cellar - only myself was employed in the warehouse; I went in pursuit - the officer brought Wright into the warehouse, and left him in my charge; he had got nothing then - the officer requested me not to let him go, saying in his presence that he had seen him with the paper first; Wright made no reply - Jones was brought back in about ten minutes with these three reams of paper, which I had seen on the stack before I went into the cellar.



                  RICHARD 
                  GEORGE
               



             STATHAM. I am a street-keeper. On Tuesday, about five o'clock, I saw Wright with three reams of paper loose - he was getting on the pavement directly opposite Mr. Roberts' house; I directly crossed over, and asked Mr. Roberts if he had sent any out - he followed me; I had seen two or three more persons near Wright, but do not know whether they were in his company - I followed Wright, and saw him going up Queen-street without any paper; I overtook him in Cheapside - I am certain he is the person I first saw with the paper; when I took him he said, "The young man went this way;" I said, "You are the young man;" he said, "Do you think so?" I said, "Yes, come back with me;" I took him back to the porter, while I went and found Jones in custody at a house with the paper.
Jones. Q. When you saw Wright come out of the premises, did you see me near? A. There were three or four with him, but I cannot say whether Jones was or was not one.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Wright's Defence. When he crossed over to the warehouse I was on the opposite side, and seeing him go very hasty I stopped to see what was amiss; he came out directly with two gentlemen - the officer ran up Queen-street; I ran with him to see what was amiss, and at the top of Queen-street he said to me, "Did you see which way the young man went?" I said No; he looked at me, and said, "I think you are the young man who had the paper;" I said, "If so, I am willing to go where you think proper."


                  RICHARD 
                  GEORGE STATHAM
               



            . Instead of his running after me I was running after him; he was a-head.
Jones' Defence. I was walking down Queen-street; a young man, apparently in a great hurry with three reams of paper on his arm, stopped at the corner of a street, placed them on a window cill, and one of them slipped from between - I ran to put them on his shoulder; he asked me to carry them to Aldersgate-street with him as he was in baste; I said I had no objection, having nothing to do - he told me to follow him, and by St. Thomas Apostle the gentleman came up; the man had just turned the corner as the gentleman came up to me.
WRIGHT - GUILTY. Aged 17.
JONES - GUILTY. Aged 21.




               Of stealing only
            . - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
