





189. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  MARTIN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of October
, 1 sovereign, and 2 half-crowns
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hibbard
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HIBBARD
               



            . On Sunday night, the 28th of October, about a quarter before twelve o'clock, I was passing Charing-cross - the prisoner accosted me; I went with her to a house in Whitcombe-street


 - I settled for the room, and gave her a shilling, which I had agreed to do; I was with her about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour: I was then about to leave, when I put my hand into my right-hand pocket, and missed my money - I accused her of picking my pocket; she said, "Of what?" I said, "Of a sovereign and two half-crowns;" she positively denied that she had a sovereign or any half-crowns in her possession; I said she should not go out till she was searched - the servant of the house and the master came into the room; the master sent for the Policeman, who opened the front of her gown - he found the two half-crowns inside her stays, and the sovereign in her left sleeve near the wrist; I had been drinking a little, but was quite collected.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CUNNINGHAM
               



            . I am an officer. I was called to the house; the prisoner said she had not a farthing of silver or gold about her; I found this sovereign in the sleeve of her gown, and the two half-crowns in her bosom.
Prisoner. He did not find the sovereign in my sleeve. Witness. Yes, I did; there were five or six persons in the room.
Prisoner's Defence. This money I had from a gentleman, whom I had frequently met - I had 1l. 8s. 6d.; I then met the prosecutor with a female; he left her, and came up to me - I went with him; he offered me his handkerchief, which I would not take; he then offered his waistcoat, and I would not take that - he saw me with the sovereign, and then said I had robbed him; he was very much intoxicated, and had not a farthing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
