




1124. 




ALFRED FAWCETT
 and 




JOSEPH KENT
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Ann Criddle, at 


St. Mary, Newington, about the hour of two in the night of the 
16th of March, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 purse, value 2d.; 2s.; and 1d.; the goods and monies of 



Harriet Tester; and 1 table cloth, value 2s. 6d. the goods of the said Ann Criddle.






HARRIET TESTER
. I am single, and live as servant with Mrs. Ann Criddle, who is a widow, in New-street, in the parish of St. Mary, Newington.
On the night of the 16th of March, I fastened up the house. Quite secure, at a quarter past eleven o'clock—I was called up about a quarter past three in the morning, and when I came down I found the house had been broken open—the window had been broken, and somebody had got in—the table-cloth was removed, and 2s. 1d. taken out of a purse—the prisoners had been taken when I came down—I was called up by the young ladies in the house.





MICHAEL MADDIGAN
. I am a policeman. On the night of the 16th of March, I was on duty in New-street, and heard a noise at the back of Mrs. Criddle's house—I went to see what it was, and saw the prisoner Fawcett in the prosecutrix's kitchen, with another man, who I believe to be the other prisoner, according to his height, dress, and general appearance, but would not swear to him—I stopped a short time, and saw them open the dresserdrawer, and take out a table-cloth, a purse, and several other things, and place them on the dresser—they took up a pair of gentlemen's boots, and put them down again—I got over the wall, and disturbed them, and Fawcett hit at me with a hair-broom which he had in his hand—they got over several walls, and parted in different directions—I followed Fawcett—he got over a wooden fence, and left his hat behind him—he came to a ditch by the side of the Zoological Gardens—he could not get over that, but he got over a wall, and my brother constable' caught sight of him the moment I lost him did—the other man got away, and was taken next morning.

Fawcett. Q. Where did you first see me? A. In the prosecutrix's kitchen—the door was open—when you came out you got over a brick wall, and then over another wall seven feet high, when I lost sight of you, and a constable took you directly—you got over five brick walls before I lost sight of you.

COURT. Q. Did you know Fawcett before? A. Yes, and Kent also—

I knew them both, and am satisfied Kent is the man, but I will not swear to him.

Fawcett. Q. Do you know what sort of a night it was? A. Quite light—when I saw you in the kitchen it was twenty minutes after two o'clock—I was quite close to you when you hit me with the broom—I knew you before, having seen you some hundreds of times before—your father lives at Camberwell, and I worked close to where he lived, and have known you from a child.





EDWARD MARTIN
. I am a policeman. On the sight of the 16th, I was on duty at Diddington-grove, and heard my fellow-constable make an alarm—I ran and saw Fawcett—he jumped over a wall into a ditch—I got him out—he struggled—I secured him, and locked him up—I know nothing of the other prisoner.

Fawcett. Q. Where were you when you saw me jump over the wall? A. At the corner of the grove—you fought with me in the ditch, till I took out my staff—you said, "Don't strike me, and I will go with you" the grove is about fifty yards from the wall you jumped over—I saw you drop from the wall and run away—I took you in the ditch—I jumped in up to my middle after you—there is no thoroughfare where the ditch is.





ALEXANDER CHARLES BLISS
. I am a policeman. On the night of the 16th I received information, and went to the back of Diddington-grove in search of the prisoner, who had got away—I found Fawcett's but dropped on some loose ground, and half a handkerchief hanging on a tree, and marks where a person had got over some palings—I do not know Kent—I have seen Fawcett several times.





THOMAS WRIGHT
. I am a policeman. On the 17th of March I took Kent into custody, at the Nelson public-house, Camberwell—I told him I wanted him for being with Fawcett, and committing a robbery in Diddington-grove—he said he had not seen Fawcett for three weeks, but I know that they lived together at a public-house—I took his shoes off, and went to the premises with my brother-constable, and matched the shoe marks with two persons going in, and one going out, towards Penton-place—the steps of one of the persons corresponded with those shoes.

Kent. Q. Have you ever been in Spencer's house, where you say you have seen us together? A. I have been at the corner of the street, and watched you both in, night after night repeatedly—there is a mark of half a tip on your shoe, partly worn away, and also nails—I am sure you said you had not seen Fawcett for three weeks.





HENRY FINCH
. My mother keeps the Rodney Head public-house in Suffolk-street, Borough. I know the prisoners by sight—I saw them at my mother's house on the 16th of March, about nine o'clock in the evening—they left the house about half-past twelve o'clock, and went away together—I do not know where the prosecutrix's house is.

Fawcett. Q. When we came down stairs do you know where we went? A. Into the tap-room—you both went out at the door together—I did not let you in again—I let nobody in after you went out at half-past twelve o'clock—a man named Savage, a shoemaker, did not go up stairs, to my knowledge-Kent did not go away with Mr. and Mrs. Spencer, and Mr. Watson—several people went out when you did.

Fawcett. It was about half-past one o'clock when I went out—I staid out an hour after Kent went Witness. There were no persons in the house at one o'clock.


Fawcett's Defence. I went to this man's house on Friday evening—it was open lodge night—I went about half-past eight, and staid till half-past one o'clock in the morning—we had thirteen or fourteen glasses of gin and water, and three or four pots of beer—I was intoxicated when I went in—I went down New-street and Diddington-grove, to go to James street, and instead of taking the first turning as I ought, I took the second turning, which is not a thoroughfare—I was turning back when the policeman jumped out, all at once he jumped on me, knocked me into the ditch, and pulled out his truncheon—I said, "Pray do not hit me, I will go with you wherever you want," and as we came along the street, a man opened his window, and said, "Thieves, there are thieves at the back of my house"—the policeman said, "I have got one of them here"—he said, "No, that is not him, I can hear them now at the back of the house"—I always wore a blue cap, and had one on when the policeman came up to me.

Kent's Defence. I am innocent—I hope you will look into it.

KENT—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

FAWCETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported for Life.

Before Lord Chief Baron Abinger.
