






752. 




WILLIAM STEELE
 was again indicted for

stealing, on the 
6th of February, 24 pairs of boots, value 6l., and 20 pairs of shoes, value 3l. 12s., the goods of 



Samuel Emsley, his master, in his dwelling-house and 




JAMES HENRY SIMS
,




 JEMIMA SIMS
, and 



JULIANA SIMS



, for feloniously receiving the name, knowing them to have been stolen, &c. against the statue. 2nd COUNT—For receiving them of an evil disposed person, against the statue, &c.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the prosecution.





SAMUEL EMSLEY
 I am a boot and shoemaker, Steel was in my employ—the keys of the shoe department were in his care—I had frequently noticed to him the thinning of the racks—it is my dwelling-house, in the parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal-green—I called at Steel's house on the Sunday—he was not at home—I have lost nearly 3000l. worth of property.





SARAH SADLER
 I am a widow. I remember going into the house of Mrs. Sims on sun day, the 7th of February—I found there Mrs. Sims and Mr. Steel—the daughter went in with me—I do not know whether she knew what was going on—I found Jemima Sims and Mr. Steel sitting down—I told Mrs. Sims I had come from Mrs. Mallet to tell them not to town the shoes and boots, and Mrs. Sims said, "Oh! my son"—I had

never seen her before—she asked me who I came from, I said, "Mrs. Mallet, as a friend to Mrs. Sims"—Steel said he did not know whether I might be a friend or a fob—Mr. Steel said, what could he do—there was a great fire, with boots and shoes on it—there was a little door open, and I saw a hamper, and part of another, with boots and shoes in them—Juliana Sims gave me three pairs of boots—Steel did not see that—he was gone out—he went when Mr. Sims addressed him by the name of Steele—Mrs. Sims desired Juliana Sims to give me the boots to pledge, which I did, at Mr. Sowerby's and another pair at the corner of Booth-street, and at mother place—these three pairs of boots were part of what were going to be burnt—they were in the basket in the room—Sims seemed quite under the direction of her mother.





JAMES DOUGLASS
 I am a police-constable. The last witness pointed out three pawnbroker's shops where she had pawned boots—I went to the shops, and they produced these boots—I went to Sims's house on the 7th, about twelve o'clock—I found two large fires burning on the ground floor, and a great quantity of ashes—I picked out some pieces of hamper and pieces of new leather, and some brown paper—it appeared as if a large quantity had been burning.





JAMES MARLOW
 I am shopman to Mr. Sowerby, the pawnbroker, No.49, Brick-lane, I have a pair of woman's boots, pawned by just such a woman at the last witness—the policeman afterwards came to our house.





WILLIAM SAVAGE
 I am a pawnbroker. I live with my brother at No.73, White Chapel-road—I produce a pair of boots pawned by a woman—I cannot tell who—I showed them to the policeman.





HENRY COX
 I am shopman to a pawnbroker. I have a pair of boots pledged at our shop by a woman—I showed them to the policeman when he called at my master's.





JAMES DOUGLASS

re-examined. Q. Were these shops pointed out to you by the witness Sadler? A. Yes.





JAMES WATERSON
 I am in the employ of Mr. Emsley—these are his boots—I gave them out to be made, and took them in from the men—I should think they have been made shout twelve months. (Lewis Thomas, a shoe-manufacturer, of No. 129, Cheapside; W. Moody, Carlisle-street, Bethnal-green; Thomas Hall, a baker, No.32, Winchester-street, Waterloo-town; and Charles Hobb, a shoe-manufacturer of St. Martin's-lane; gave the prisoner Steel a good character.)

JURY to SARAH SADLER
Q. Was Steel present at the time Sims gave you the boots to pledge? A. No, he was gone, but he was there when the burning was going on.

WILLIAM STEEL—



GUILTY of stealing only, not in the dwelling-house. Aged 20—


Transported for Fourteen years.

JEMIMA SIMS—



GUILTY. Aged 47—



judgment Respited.


JAMES HENRY SIMS—


NOT GUILTY
.

JULIANA SIMS—


NOT GUILTY
.
