






297. 
               
                  
                     CHRISTIANA 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ASHTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of January
, 1 crown, 1 shilling, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Solomons
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  SOLOMONS
               



            . I was crying, "Old clothes," on the 1st of January, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, near Gray's-inn-lane - the prisoner Johnson came to me, and said she had an old coat and waistcoat to sell - I asked her where, and she took me to a one-pair of stairs room, in Bell-court


 - she fastened the door when we got into the room, and I asked her where the coat and waistcoat were- she said "Stop a minute" - she then opened the door and let in the other prisoner - the door was then closed again, and I heard a man and a woman on the stairs - Johnson then ordered me to open my waistcoat - I said, "For what?"- she then opened it, and the other prisoner took my crown piece and 1s. 6d. out of my pocket - Johnson said to me,"I will knock your b-y brains out if you make a noise" - I made no noise, but presently the door was opened, and a man and woman came in - I ran down very much frightened - I went to Holborn and got a policeman - we came down to the door, and the two prisoners were standing outside, and I pointed them out - Ashton had her hand closed; the officer opened it, and found a crown-piece and three pence half-penny in it - we took them; and, in going up Holborn, she said, "You will go against me" - I made no answer; she then said, "If you will not go against us, I will give you your 6s. 6d. back."
Johnson. He came into the court and asked me if I would go up stairs with him. Prosecutor. No, she invited me up.


                  MARTIN 
                  DUMPHY
               



             (police-constable F 35.) I took the prisoners, and found a crown-piece and threepence-halfpenny in Ashton's hand.
Johnson's Defence. I was not given in charge till we gothalf-way up Holborn, and then I said, "What are you going to take her for?" - the court is a thoroughfare, the prosecutor came through, and asked me to go up stairs - he then asked for another young woman, and he said, if we would pull our clothes off, he would give us five shillings, and he did; and then I said, there was one shilling to pay for the room; he would not pay that, and made a great noise - I then said, I would not pull my clothes off till he paid for the room; he then went and got the officer.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
ASHTON - GUILTY. Aged 27. - 

               Judgment respited
            




.
