





1568. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CLAYTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of June
, 98 mahogany veneers, value 8l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Bateman
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a servant, and live in Sun-street


. Between eight and nine o'clock in the morning on the 6th of June, I was at my master's door, and saw two men loitering about - I watched them till twenty-five minutes past eight o'clock; I then saw them go up the street and fetch the prisoner; the prisoner and another went up the prosecutor's yard - the other stood and watched, and the prisoner came out with these veneers on his shoulder, and went across the street - I gave information, and he was stopped.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Did you see where he brought the veneers from? A. No; they seemed a heavy load - I had seen the prisoner about seven minutes before the others called him: he was about twenty yards from there, and came when they called him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OLIVER
               



            . In consequence of what Williams said I followed the prisoner to Dunning's-alley, and took him with these veneers three or four hundred yards from the yard; he was then alone - I brought him back, and gave him in charge of an officer; these are the veneers - they are Mr. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Bateman
               



            's.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you ask where he got them? A. No; he did not tell me he had been sent for to carry them - he said a person took him into the yard to fetch them.


                  GEORGE 
                  JOHN WEST
               



             (Police-constable C 53). I was sent for, and took the prisoner - I have seen him before in bad company.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever know him in custody before? A. No, but he was in company with a man who was brought to the watch-house with two girls who had committed a robbery.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going down Sun-street, and met a gentleman, who asked me if I wanted a job; he took me down the yard, and placed the veneers on my shoulder - I said they were too heavy; he said he only wanted me to carry them to Long-alley; I crossed, and went down Dunning's alley - I then stopped to ask a person to help me up with them - the gentleman came up, and told me to carry them back, which I did.
MR. OLIVER. He was not stopping; he was going on with them - I assisted him to take them back: when he got back he said some person desired him to take them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
