



1995. 




ANN WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of August, 1 bag value 1d.; 4 sovereigns, 3 shillings, 2 sixpences, and 1 fourpenny-piece; the goods and monies of 




William Chapman, from his person.







WILLIAM CHAPMAN
. I am a mariner, and live at Rochford, in Essex. On the night of the 11th of August, I was at the Southwark Arms, in Tooley-street—the prisoner came in there begging—I gave her a halfpenny—she stood against the table for three or four minutes—a young man who was drinking with me, asked her to drink out of our mug—she then sat down, and said she was very much in distress, and had no where to go, and had had no food for several hours—I went with her to a cook's-shop in Tooley-street, and gave her a plate of beef and one pennyworth of pudding—I walked with her towards London-bridge—she then asked me for came halfpence to pay her lodging—I said, "I have none"—she come to my said, and said, "You have got some halfpence here in your pocket"—my purse was in my pocket—she drew my purse out, I expect, then—she did do it then—she shook my pocket—my halfpence remained there, but I felt for my purse, and missed it—it contained four sovereigns and some silver—she ran away, and I followed as fast as I could—she ran up the steps of the bridge, and to the water side—I followed her to the stern of a boat and then she delivered the purse up to me, and I gave her in charge—on looking, at my purse, I missed two sovereigns out of it.





DAVID HASWELL
. I am a painter and glazier, and am a constable. The prisoner was brought to the Bridge-ward station-house—the prosecutor delivered me a bag—this is it—it has a fourpenny-piece in it—I gave the two sovereigns to the prosecutor, by the direction of the Alderman—I searched the prisoner, and found on her two sovereigns and a halfpenny in her hand—they were not in her hand when she first came into the station-house, but while I was searching her I found them in her hand, and the halfpenny in her pocket.





WILLIAM CHAPMAN

re-examined The two sovereigns in the purse, and the two in her hand, made my money all right.




GUILTY
. Aged 29—


Transported for Seven Years.
