






Before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
809. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PREECE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of April
, 24 yards of merino, value 28s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Owen 
                           Roberts
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
OWEN ROBERTS. I am a linen-draper
, and live in Brewer-street, Golden-square


. On the evening of the 2nd of April, about seven o'clock, I observed the prisonerSmith waiting about my door - I was serving a customer; he came to the door, and inquired the price of a silk handkerchief, which I told him - he did not buy it; he then went off, and returned in about five minutes - I suspected, and watched him: I saw him leaning into the shop, and taking this merino off a pile - he ran round the corner; I immediately pursued, and overtook him - I tripped him up, and took the merino from him: I observed nobody with him - Hobbs came up, and I gave him in charge.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was near Brewer-street, and observed the prisoners in company before they came to Brewer-street, walking and talking together - I saw them go up to a shop in Hayes-court, and look in at the window; a lady came into the shop - they then left, and went to Brewer-street; Francis and I watched them - I saw them go up to Roberts' shop, and both look in at the door and window - I saw Smith by hold of some handkerchiefs which laid at the door; Preece stood at the corner of a post on the same side of the way, about six yards off; Smith left the door, and came up to him - they turned the corner into Great Pulteney-street, then came all the way down Brewer-street, on the other side of the way, and then came back to Roberts' shop; Smith went to the door - Preece stood on the other side of the way - two young women came out of the shop, and I saw Smith lay hold of something on the pile; he left it there - Preece moved from his station, and went into Great Pulteney-street, which Roberts's shop is at the corner of - I then saw Smith put his foot over the threshold of the door, lean forward, take this merino off the pile, and run off with it, followed by the prosecutor and a young man - Preece was not in sight at that time; he was a little higher up - I was round the corner, and could not discern him at the moment, till Smith came towards him with the merino; I saw him secured - I had seen them in company for a quarter of an hour.


                  THOMAS 
                  FARRANT
               



            . I am a Policeman. I first saw the prisoners in Sidney's-alley, in company together - they looked at the shop window, and then at the door; a female came out, and they went away together across different streets into Brewer-street - I saw them both go up to Roberts' shop door, and look in; they walked away a short distance - Smith then returned to the shop door; Preece was about two yards from him, looking through the window - Smith took hold of some handkerchiefs at the door; some person came out, and he walked away - they went together a little way down Brewer-street, and then returned- Smith went up to the door; Preece stood on the other side of the way; I saw Smith put his hand into the shop, but could not see what he took hold of - he then walked away; Preece walked over - they stood talking for a few minutes; Smith again went up to the shop door - Preece stood round the corner, looking through the window; I then saw Smith put one foot inside the door, and reach in; be immediately turned round with a piece of merino in his hand - the prosecutor followed, and took him just round the corner; Preece had his apron hanging down, and the moment he saw Smith pursued he undid his apron, doubled it up, and shoved it under his coat - I followed, and took him.
Smith. I know nothing of this man, except speaking to him in the street.
SMITH - GUILTY. Aged 18.
PREECE - GUILTY. Aged 19.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
