




538. 




WILLIAM GODDARD
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Thomas Henry Kennard, at 
St. Luke, about the hour of eleven, on the night of the 
16th of January, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 5 pillow-cases, value 8s.; 6 napkins, value 8s.; 4 towels, value 7s.; 3 shirts, value 15s.; 2 shifts, value 8s.; 2 sheets, value 15s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 6s.; 2 pairs of drawers, value 4s.; 2 flannel jackets, value 7s.; 3 petticoats, value 7s.; 1 table-cloth, value 3s.; I cap, value 9s.; and 2 waistcoats, value 2s.; his goods.





THOMAS HENRY KENNARD
. I keep a beer-shop, in Long's-buildings, in the parish of St. Luke. I know the prisoner—he was at my house on the 16th of January—he came in, in company with three others, about half past ten o'clock at night, and went to the first-floor room, where persons go to smoke—there is a skittle-board in the room—I did not see him go into the room, but I saw him go up stairs, and afterwards saw him in the room—I went up, in less than ten minutes after, into the front room, and he was there—I came down again, and went up again within three minutes after—he was not there then—I missed him, and one of the party who came with him—I heard footsteps overhead in my bed-room, and went up, and when within just three steps of the bed-room door I saw the prisoner coming out of the bed-room—I stopped him on the staircase, and asked him what business he had there—he said he had been lighted up there by a gentleman who described it as a skittle-room—I told him that he was wrong, that he had not been lighted up there, and I wished him to go down with me—I then called for a light, a person who came out of the bed-room after him having knocked my light out of my hand—I cannot say who that other man was—my wile brought up a light—she passed me and the prisoner, and followed us down stairs—I went first, and the prisoner behind me—the other man escaped when he knocked the candle out of my hand, and he had a large bundle with him—I could not observe that the prisoner had any thing in his hand—I collared him when I first met him coming out of the bed-room—I had no struggle with him—he at first said he would strike me if I did not let him go, but afterwards he said he would go quietly—my wife was within hearing when I first collared him—I brought the prisoner down stairs, and gave him into the custody of a police-officer—my wife went up to the bed-room—I cannot tell how the bed-room door was when the prisoner first came to the house, as I had not been up stairs myself.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Were there several persons in your house at the time? A. Yes, I suppose about twenty—they were not all up stairs—four or five of them were down stairs, in my private parlour, adjoining the bar—there was a skittle-board in the room which the prisoner went into to drink his beer—the room I went up to is the bed-room—it is used for no other purpose.

Q. Is there any other place where they play at skittles in your house? A. Down in the cellar, underneath—I saw the prisoner come into the house and go up stairs—I afterwards found some of my property in the cellar, which I thought I had lost—the property was taken from the room up stairs—the prisoner was caught at the bed-room door—the man who rushed by and escaped knocked my light out.





CHARLOTTE KENNARD
. I am the prosecutor's wife. The prisoner came to our house on the night in question, about half-past ten o'clock—I was in the bar parlour—I carried the prisoner up a pot of ale, and from thence I went up to my bed-room—that was at twenty minutes before eleven o'clock—I had not been in the bed-room before, since half-past nine o'clock—I left the door shut and latched then—it has no lock,

merely a latch, which we lift up—I am quite certain it was Istched when I came down stairs—when the prisoner came he went up stairs—I did not see him come into the front door, but I saw him in the parlour when I carried him some ale—(I had not seen him enter the house)—he was then standing in the parlour with the skittle-ball—there were five or six others in the room—I then went up to the bed-room to fetch something—I found the door as I had left it—when I came out I shut the door as before, and came down stairs—my husband was down stain at that time—he went up a few minutes after, and I heard him on the stain calling for a light—I went up with one, and saw him holding the prisoner, who said, "D your eyes, leave me go," and then he said, "I will go quietly, Sir"—my husband came down first, the prisoner next, and me behind, down the second flight of stairs—I had stood on the landing, and they passed me, and I walked behind with my light—I saw nobody else on the stairs—I saw the prisoner throw a towel, a napkin, and a pillow-case from his jacket on the stairs—they belong to us, and had been in the drawer in my bed-room—I went down stairs, and screamed out for the police—a policeman came in immediately, and the prisoner was given into custody—I went up to my bed-room and found the door wide open, and a great many articles disturbed about the room, and taken from the drawers, which were broken open—they had been locked before—two of the locker were forced off—I missed some shirts, shifts, flannel petticoats, sheets, pillow-cases, and drawers, and a good many articles—I picked up the things the prisoner dropped, and I am quite sure they are my husband's.

Cross-examined. Q. When you went up, on hearing your husband call out, did not the prisoner say something about having made a mistake in the room? A. I did not hear that—I was very flurried and frightened—I did not hear the prisoner say his friend had made a mistake in the room—(looking at her deposition)—this is my handwriting—it was read over to me before I signed it—(read)—"my husband seized the prisoner, who said, 'D——your eyes don't collar me, my friend has made a mistake in the room.' "

Q. Now having refreshed your memory, did he not say so? A. I have not that recollection at this moment—I was asked if my deposition was correct before I signed it, and it is correct—I was very much flurried—I did not see the other man at all—he must have escaped along the passage by the private door—I will swear I saw the prisoner take these articles from his person—I was behind him at the time, as he was going down the second flight of stairs—I made a remark to my husband about it at the time—I have not a doubt that he threw the things from him—some things that were missing from the bed-room I afterwards found in the cellar, where the people were playing at skittles.





ROBERT COLE
. I am a policeman. I was sent for, and apprehended the prisoner on the night of the 16th, at the prosecutor's house—Mrs. Kennard delivered me the articles which I produce—I also produce the lock of the drawers.

MRS. KENNARD
re-examined. These are what the prisoner dropped—I gave them to the officer—they have my maiden name on them.
(MR. DOANE
stated the prisoner's defence to be, that he was taken to the house by a friend—that many persons left the room he was in, and his friend amongst the number—being anxious to find his friend, he proceeded to search for him, and he had just got up stairs to the door of the bed-room when the



landlord came up and seized him, and that the prosecutrix must be mistaker in supposing that the articles fell from his person.) 


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(See page 435.)

Before Mr. Justice Vaughn.
