




2177. 




THOMAS BROWN
 and 



JOHN GARDENER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
16th of October, 7 shirts, value 15s.; 3 cravats, value 3s.; 3 bed-gowns, value 5s.; 4 shifts, value 4s.; and 1 pillow-case, value 1s.; the goods of 




George Hodgson Thompson, Clerk.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






RACHEL CLARK
. I am laundry-maid to the Rev. George Hodgson Thompson, he is clergyman at Tottenham. On Monday, the 16th of October, I hung some linen on a line in my master's orchard, at eleven o'clock—there were some shirts marked G. H. T., some neckcloths, some boys' shirts, and night-gowns, some ladies' apparel, and some pillow-cases—about two o'clock I received a communication from my mistress, and missed all these articles from the line—I saw them again last Wednesday at the watch-house—they were the things that I had hung up in my mater's orchard.





WILLIAM HENRY THOMPSON
. I am five years of age, I go to school. I remember last Monday being in my father's orchard, after dinner—I saw the linen banging on the lines—I saw a man standing at the line—I only saw one man—he had got a bag with him—it was a green one, I think—he put the linen into the bag—I called out to him—he said, "I am going soon"—I ran to tell my papa what had happened, and the man ran away before I got back—he went over the wall.





JAMES PERRYMAN
. I am gardener to the prosecutor. On Monday last, between one and two o'clock, I received information from one of my master's children—I went to the orchard and down a field, across another field, into the high road—when I got there I saw a man going up the high road with a bag on his back, apparently a green bag—he was on the footpath going on to Stamford-hill, towards London—I lost sight of him—I afterwards saw Brown in custody—I am not able to say he is the man—he was such a man

in point of height and size—I received from Prior a bag containing my master's linen.





THOMAS PRIOR
. I am a labourer on the road at Stamford-hill. On Monday last, between one and two o'clock, I saw Brown—he passed me with a green bag, with a red string in it—part of it was on his shoulder—and when he came a good way he took it down in his hand—he was making his way very fast—I turned myself round and saw a lot of people coming up the road, and I saw Brown put the bag over Mr. Collins's fence—I thought there was something not right, and I pursued him directly—he made his escape from the bag as quickly as he could—he rolled over the fence after the bag, and I got after him—he per the bag into a shrub tree, and then ran across the field—I took the bag out; and gave it to the gardener—I am sure Brown is the man.





THOMAS PERRING
. I am gardener to Mr. Group of Stamford-hill. In consequence of the alarm, I joined in the pursuit, and succeeded in taking Brown into custody—I had seen him before with a green bag on to shoulder—he had not got it when I took him—I took him in Mr. Collins's kitchen-garden—I pursued him about a quarter of a mile—he went oven fence, across a field, over a new fence, and over a wall, into Mr. Collins's garden, where I took him.





WILLIAM EDWARDS
. I am a butcher at Stamford-hill. Between one and two o'clock on Monday, Mr. Thompson's gardener gave me a green bag, and I gave it to the constable.





RICHARD HINCHLIFF
. I am a labourer at Tottenham. Last Monday was at work there—I saw both the prisoners about ten minutes past one o'clock, near to Mr. Thompson's, as I was going in at the gate—they could not see the orchard from where I saw them—they were in company, and in conversation—one of them pointed out to his companion to go downs back way, which would lead to the orchard—they were about 200 yards from it.

Gardener, I was not with this prisoner—I came from my sun's at Nazing, and was going to Hackney—I had taken a wrong way, asked him to direct me. Witness. I had seen them walking together for fifty yards.





GEORGE COVENTRY
. I am a green-grocer. I happened to be passing Mr. Thompson's about two o'clock last Monday, and hearing what was lost, I looked about, and saw the prisoner Gardener stooping under a hedge near Mr. Thompson's, and running for near 200 yards—he appeared to be endeavouring to conceal himself, and to make away—I laid hold of him and took him into custody.

Gardener. I could not walk under the hedge—there was a ditch there Witness. He was about 200 yards from the orchard when I first saw him—I saw him come out of the back road, and going under this hedge.





RICHARD HINCHLIFF

re-examined. That was not the way he was to have gone from the direction of the other prisoner—quite the contrary.





JOSEPH FORSTER
. I am a constable. I produce the bag and linen—was before the justice—there was no clerk present—I heard the evidence given—I heard Brown asked if he had any thing to say—he was informed of the consequence of saying any thing, and so was Gardener—I put my name to the statement made by the prisoner Gardener—this is it—it was taken down from his mouth by the Magistrate, and read to him—(read) "Thomas Brown being asked whether he was guilty of having feloniously taken away the linen as specified by the complainant, says, 'I am not guilty,

I never had any linen in my possession.' John Gardener says, 'I never taw him till I was taken into custody.' "

Brown's Defence. I am quite innocent—I never saw this other prisoner before.

BROWN—


GUILTY
.—Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

GARDENER—


NOT GUILTY
.
