





417. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     SINGLETON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of January
, 1 silver spoon, value 5s., and 1 set of bed-furniture, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cummings
               




            .
THOMAS CUMMINGS. I attend on a gentleman in the Albany-chambers


 - the prisoner is my daughter, and I have occasionally employed her to assist her mother in cleaning the chambers; on the 8th of January I missed the spoon from the chambers, and on the 9th of January the bed-furniture - the constable took her, and found the duplicate on her; the things were under my care - these are them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAKER
               



            . I live at the George. in Brown-street; the prisoner came there about five weeks before this, and asked me to let her have this spoon.
Prisoner. Q. Did not I owe you 2s., and give you this, and say I would leave it with you? A. You owed me for a few glasses of gin, but you did not leave the spoon to pay for it.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WEBB
               



            . I took the prisoner, and found on her the duplicate of the furniture - she said she had left the spoon and a ring with the last witness; he gave up the spoon, but denied all knowledge of the ring - she said she had pawned the bed-furniture, but her mother gave it her, and she wished to be sent out of the country.
Prisoner. I said my mother had lent me the bedfurniture to redeem the spoon. Witness. No, I deny that; she said on the Monday morning that her mother had a gown in pawn.
Prisoner's Defence. I owed Baker a few shillings; I went and asked him for some gin - he said he did not dare to let me have any more; I went home, the spoon was in the cup - I took it and left it with him; I had been to him twice to know what I owed him - he said he could not tell without John was at home; I asked him then what it was, as I had been pawning the bed-furniture for 2s.; my father came in with the officer and said there was his prisoner; I had asked Baker if he would let me have the spoon, he said he would not till he got his money; I did not like to tell my father of the spoon as I thought it would get him into trouble - the gold ring is a keeper that John took in; I should have returned the spoon in the course of an hour.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
