



894. 




RICHARD RAMSDEN
alias
 Rainsden

, was indicted

for stealing, on the 
17th of March, 16lbs. of lard, value 6s., the goods of 



Henry Montray Jones, and another.






THOMAS GOGGIN
, I work for Messrs. Jones and Brothers. This lard was taken from Fishmongers's-hall wharf, under the hall—on the 17th of March, I saw the prisoner coming out of the side door of the wharf, between three and four o'clock—he appeared to have a great bulk in his pocket—one of the men who look after the butter was in she road with me—I stopped the prisoner, and brought him down on the wharf, where he was searched, and two bladders of lard, weighing, 16lbs., taken out of his pocket.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Is Mr. Jones here? A. No—we

had some bacon to move that day—I did not go to the Swan public-house, where the prisoner was—I do not know that anybody went to him to cart away the hams—he had both the bladders in one pocket.





JAMES MAHONEY
. I am foreman to Henry Montray Jones. and another, his partner, They are merchants—the prisoner is foreman to a master carman, who worked for us—he was working for that carman that day—I myself went and fetched him to know what he would go with the cart for, and we offered him a price—the lard was a place up-stairs, on the first floor, in a cask—he had no right to go up there at all—Goggin followed him out of the wharf, and brought him in as a prisoner—I took the lard from his pocket—I know he had nothing in his pocket when he first came on the wharf—I swear the bladders are master's property—a person had looked at them, and not cut them open in a tradesman—like manner—I am certain one of them is what a gentleman had that morning.

Cross-examined. Q. It made such a bulge, anybody would see it? A. Yes—there are many persons engaged on the wharf—he came out at the door that no strangers are allowed to come out a—we had no hams on the wharf; it was bacon—Goggin said his pocket looked as if he had a ham in it—the bacon was on the ground floor of the wharf—the prisoner had been frequently employed my us—he disagreed about the price of carting, and refused. but still he wanted it—he hung after it.

COURT. Q. The bladders were up-stairs, where he had no right to go? A. Yes.





JAMES TAIT KIRKWOOD
. I am clerk to Jones and Co. I know the bladders to be their property—they were returned to the prisoner when I was fetched, and he shewed them to me.

Prisoner's Defence. One of the men overtook me and said, "You have got a ham with you"—I said, "I have not; I have two bladders of lard. which I bought at the Swan"—I asked him to go with me to find the man—he said, "No, you must come down the wharf"—I went with and produced the two bladders—I was not in the upper floor of the wharf at all, till I was ordered up there afterwards—master has worked two years for the prosecutor—I shewed the lard, and asked the policeman to go with me to the Swan; and I asked the landlord if I had not dined there that day—he said yes—the policeman asked him if I had made a purchase there—he said did not notice it—there was a man, at the Mansion-house to say I had paid 5s. for the two bladders of lard. but his evidence was not taken.





THOMAS GOGGIN
. They are worth 8s.—we missed another bladder from the cask—nobody is allowed to go into out warehouse.




GUILTY
.* Aged 46—


Transported for Seven Years.
