



2236. 




MARY HINES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of September, 1 pair of trowsers, value 3s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 2s. 6d.; and 1 shirt, value 2s.; the goods of the 

overseers of the poor of the parish of St. Giles, Without Cripplegate, from the person of 



William Lucas.






JOHN SUNDERLAND
. I am master of the workhouse. The clothing of the boys belongs to the overseers—I am responsible for it—Lucas went away on the 24th of September—he had new clothing on, belonging to the parish—he was brought back on Tuesday, and had an old pair of trowsers—the prisoner is the mother of the last prisoner.





WILLIAM LUCAS
. I went away on the 24th, without leave—I had a pair of trowsers and shoes on—they were the workhouse dress—the prisoner pulled off my trowsers on the Monday, as I was sitting by the fire at her house, and went and pawned them, and bought an old pair, and I put them on—she took my shoes—she did not ask for them—I could not get the trowsers off; the lining was torn a little—she told me to sit down, and she took them off—she asked me whether I came out of the workhouse, and if these were the workhouse clothes, and I said, "Yes."

Prisoner. I owned to pawning them, and gave up the ticket





JOSEPH HORTON
. On Tuesday I was sent for to go with this boy to the prisoner's on a charge of taking his shoes, trowsers, and shirt—I found on her duplicates of the shoes and trowsers.





WILLIAM MORRIS
. I am servant to Mr. Sowerby, a pawnbroker. These trowsers and shoes were pawned by the prisoner, in the name of Mary Hines, for As.—I had not known her before.





WILLIAM LUCAS

re-examined. These are my trowsers and shoes—she never gave me the money for them.

Prisoner. He came to me on the Sunday, told me he had left the house, and said he would not go back any more—I told him he had better go back—I took him near the house; he then ran away—he came to me the next morning, and told me to pledge his things, to get some victuals and some second-hand clothes, which I did, and he cannot deny it—I gave

1s. for the trowsers, and 1s. for a shirt for him, and I laid out the rest in victuals.




GUILTY
. * Aged 35.—


Transported for Ten Years.
