




2140. 




WILLIAM BARRETT
 and 




JOSEPH HUNNAM



were indicted for stealing, on the 
24th of August, 4 sovereigns, and 1 half-sovereign, the monies of 



James Marks.







JAMES MARKS
. I keep the White Bear, in Ratcliffe-highway. The prisoners came to my house on Friday, the 24th of August, about eleven o'clock in the day, and called for two glasses of porter—they stood some time at the bar, speaking to each other—Barrett had a note-book in his hand, and appeared to be an agent—the other seemed a kind of foreman carpenter, and Barrett was giving him directions—they drank the beer, and Barrett gave me a sovereign to take for it—they had been about four times before in the week—Barrett laid down the sovereign—I gave him change in silver, taking for the beer—he said he wished to have a half-sovereign, as he was going collecting, and did not wish to have such a deal of silver about him, as the day previous he had nearly half a peck about him, and found it very heavy—I drew a bag from my pocket, and gave him a half-sovereign for the change—I went into the parlour, and they went into the tap-room—Barrett came to the parlour door, and said he wanted to speak to me—he said, "I am very sorry, but I gave you a bad sovereign I took yesterday"—I said, "I do not think you have"—I came out, and turned out 42l. 10s. that I had in the bag—the two prisoners stood looking into the bar, and I said, "I have got no bad sovereign"—I turned into a little room—Barrett came and dipped his fingers into my hand, and said, "It is the dark one—I see it," and he took it up—I said, "I wish you would not take that liberty with me"—he dropped the sovereign, and stepped back, and said he was sorry I had that opinion of him—they went away directly—I said to a young man, "I will lay my life I am done"—I turned out the money, and I had only thirty-eight sovereigns—4l. 10s. was gone—I looked into it no, further at that time—I was going to the station-house, but being aware that they would have a look after me, I stopped till three o'clock—I then went and told what had happened—I went in search of them, and found them the same night—they were in a different dress altogether—I charged them with robbing me—they then wanted to speak to me, but I gave charge of them—Human said, "I hope you will do nothing; you know my father"—I did know his father—a few shillings were found on them.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What time did they come? A. About eleven o'clock—they had been the other days of the week nearly at the same time—I had other customers before they came—it is my usual course of business to carry a bag containing gold of this amount—I had had that bag in my pocket from seven o'clock in the morning—I cannot tell how many customers I had had in my house, perhaps fifty—in my recollection I had not changed a sovereign that morning, except for this man—I went to the station-house about three o'clock, and I made this charge against these men—when I came down in the morning I counted the money—I do a very fair business—nobody is engaged in it but myself—the money belongs to different clubs held at my house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you this 42l. 10s. in your hand? A. Yes, in sovereigns and half-sovereigns—I spoke to Hunnam, and he said his father belonged to a benefit club at my house—he remained outside the bar when Barrett took the money, and was about two yards from him—I know I lost it—I am positive it could only be at that time—I did not se it taken.





FREDERICK GRAY
. I was at Mr. Marks's and saw the two prisoners—Barrett

was dressed in a black surtout coat, and the other in the same jacket that Barrett has on now—I was at the bar about eleven o'clock and the two prisoners came and called for refreshment, and put down a sovereign—Mr. Marks gave him silver, and Barrett requested him to give him a half-sovereign, which he did—the two prisoners then stepped back and looked suspiciously as I thought at the money—they took the change and went into the tap-room—Mr. Marks went into the parlour and said "These men make very free with me"—Barrett came and said, "I think I gave you a bad sovereign."





WILLIAM ARGENT
 (police-constable H 126.) I went and found the prisoners in the Weavers' Arms public-house, smoking, about ten o'clock that night—they were dressed as they are now, and several more were there—I found 2s. 3 1/2 d. on Hunnam, and 2s. 4d. on Barrett.

BARRETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.

HUNNAM—


GUILTY
.* Aged 19.




Transported for Ten Years.
