





856. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of May
, 1 crown, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Frost
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  FROST
               



            . I lodge at the Robin Hood public-house: the prisoner slept in the same bed with me. On the morning of the 7th of May, I saw him out of bed between three and four o'clock - I remarked that it was rather early - he said, yes; but he was going to Newgate-market - I sat up and looked for my clothes, which I had left on the bed, and which were not there then - I found them by the bed side - I took up my trousers, and felt in them for a crown-piece, two shillings, and some half-pence, which I knew I had left in the pocket - they were all safe - I put them down again, and the prisoner went out of the room - I laid down, and in a few minutes he came into the room again - I suppose he thought I was asleep - I saw him take my trousers, and he was pushing up the pocket to get the money out - he went down - I jumped up and ran after him - I said, "Halloo" - he said, "Halloo," and came up into the bed-room again - I came up with him - I shut the door, and challenged him with having my crown-piece - he said he had not - I said he had - I got my clothes on, and locked the door of the room while I went out for a policeman - I saw a bricklayer's labourer, and sent him for a policeman - in about two minutes the policeman came; and, as we went up stairs, I heard the prisoner jump out of the window, which is on the first-floor - I opened the door, and he was not in the room - the window looked into some stable yards.
Prisoner. Q. When you left the room, where did you go? A. To the front door. I did not go into the club-room - I put my foot into the room to let you pass me on the stairs.


                  HENRY 
                  LOWMAN
               



             (police-constable C 60). I was called by the prosecutor, and saw him and another policeman opposite the public-house. I searched for nearly two hours, and found the prisoner concealed behind two coaches, on the foot-board - it was then about five minutes before six - I said, "I have got you at last," and was going to take hold of him - he said,"I will come; I was a d-d fool to run away - I should not, if he had not threatened to murder me with the poker" I found two shillings and some half-pence in his pocket, and forty-two duplicates.


                  JOHN 
                  BALDWIN
               



             (police-constable C 103). I locked the prisoner up. I asked what he had done with the money - he said he had put it behind a piece of wood in the yard - I went and found this crown-piece.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not tell me if I confessed where the money was, there would be no prosecution? A. No; I did not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
