





781. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     ROSE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of February
, 6 live tame rabbits, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James Stephens 
                     Bullock
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  STEPHENS BULLOCK
               



            . I live at Millfield-lane, Highgate


. On the night of the 5th of February I had seven tame rabbits - on the morning of the 6th I was informed some were gone; I went and missed a buck, a doe, and four young ones - I have seen the buck and doe, and they are here now; one is red, and the other is black- I have no doubt they are mine; the young ones I understand were killed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MACKEGG
               



            . I had the care of these seven rabbits. On the 5th of February I left them safe, at seven o'clock in the evening, in the shed where they were kept; it had been fastened, so that they could not get out themselves - in the morning, about seven o'clock, the doors were open, and the rabbits gone; they had only to turn the button and take them out - they had taken a doe, a buck, and three young ones, and one laid dead at a little distance; I have seen the buck and doe since - I believe them to he the prosecutor's; the doe has a bad eye, which she had not before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY PALMER
               



            . I am a turner. The prisoner brought the young rabbits dead to my place, and the other two alive; I said they should not be at my place, and he took them away - I believe this back and doe to be the two; he said he had been to Highgate for them.
Prisoner. I went to his house several times. and on the Saturday morning these rabbits were there - he told me to go and sell them for him. Witness. No, it is not true; I took him home to lodge about a fortnight before, as he was out of work, but he had not slept there that night.


                  JAMES 
                  BLACKEBY
               



            . On the 6th of February the prisoner came to my house, about eight o'clock in the morning, at Middlesex-mews, Stafford-street; he asked my wife to buy two rabbits - I was not at home; he came again when I was - he said he wanted 6s. for them; I said I could buy them cheaper at the market - he came again, and I said I would give him 1s. 6d. a piece for them; he took it, and I asked him what he was going to do with the butches - he said they took him a great deal of time to make, and they were worth 15s.; I said I could not give that.


                  RICHARD 
                  HARTLEY WALL
               



            . I found these rabbits at the witness' house; I apprehended the prisoner at Unionball, when he was about to be discharged for the Duke of St. Alhan's robbery - I said I took him up on suspicion of the robbery; he said Yes - I shewed the rabbits to the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence. The man employed me to sell them; I know nothing about it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
