




1765. 





THOMAS CHARTRES
 and 




JAMES BARON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
1st of August, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 



Henry Willett, from his person.






THOMAS JOHNSON WILLIAMS
. I live in West-Smithfield. On the 1st of August, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I saw Chartres take a handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket, and give it to Baron, who was behind him when he took it—they both ran away—I caught hold of Baron, and my father took hold of the other one—I brought Baron back towards my father, and he dropped the handkerchief—a gentleman picked it up and gave it to me—I am certain it was the same he dropped—I gave it to my father.





EBENEZER WILLIAMS
. I produce the handkerchief, which I received from my son—I saw Chartres take the handkerchief, and give it to Baron, who put it under his jacket—they parted—Baron went to the left, and Chartres to the right—I saw Baron drop the handkerchief as I went to secure Chartres.





HENRY WILLETT
. I am a tailor, and live in Aldermanbury. The handkerchief produced is mine—I lost it in Smithfield, on the 1st of August, about eleven o'clock in the morning—I felt a tug at my pocket I looked round, and saw the two prisoners in custody, and saw Baron drop the handkerchief.

Chartres' Defence. I was going along, and some gentleman laid hold of me, and said I picked that gentleman's pocket—I said it was false—I was going for my master, to the Docks.

Baron's Defence. I saw a handkerchief. It was thrown behind me.





EBENEZER WILLIAMS

re-examined. I found two more handkerchiefs in Baron's cap, but none on the other prisoner.

Baron. I did not wear a cap, but a hat. Witness. I think it was a cap, but it was taken out of what he wore.
(Mary Pearce, of Milton-street, Cripplegate; and Margaret Burgess, gave Baron a good character: and James Chartres, of Baker's-row, Clerkenwell, gave Chartres a good character.)

CHARTRES—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.

BARON—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.




Transported for Seven Years.
