





793. 
               
                  
                     CAROLINE 
                     WALTERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 13th of March
, 1 sovereign, 5 shillings, and 2 sixpences, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Pearce
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM PEARCE. I am an agent for the sale of woollen goods
, and live in Church-row, Bethnal-green. On the 13th of March, between two and three o'clock in the morning, I lost my money; I had spent the evening with some friends, at the Grapes, in Smithfield, and drank some wine, but was quite sober - I was in Steers'-court, Barbican


; I saw the prisoner just before I reached the end of the court - she was alone; she caught hold of my arm, and asked where I was going - I said home, and endeavoured to get from her, but could not; I found her hand in my right-hand waistcoat pocket - I am certain I had two sovereigns, and 16s. in that pocket when I left my friend: I never consented to go with her -I felt her hand in my pocket, and endeavoured to get the money from her, but could not; I called the watch, and gave her in charge - the money was not then in her hand; the officer searched her at the watch-house, but could not find it - a stricter search was made; I saw a sovereign and 6s. taken from her month - I found 10s. left in my pocket, which made up the 36s.
JURY. Q. At what time did you leave the Grapes? A. About ten minutes before I met her; it was a company of private friends - no strangers were in the house.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SEAGER
               



            . I am a superintendent of the watch. The prisoner was given into my charge by Pearce, who said he had 36s. in his pocket before he met her; I found he had 10s. left in his pocket - I asked the prisoner particularly what money she had about her; she said a sixpence and 2d. - I searched her very minutely as I thought, but found nothing; he was positive about it - I touched her cheek, and heard the money jink in her mouth; I took hold of her throat, and immediately she discharged from her mouth a sovereign and 6s; she endeavoured to swallow it as I thought - Pearce had been drinking, but was perfectly sober.
Prisoner's Defence. I can safely say he gave me the money going along, and said he would go with me - we went up a court, and he afterwards wanted to take it from me; I would not let him have it, and put it into my mouth to take care of it - he thought it was in my hand, and bit my finger.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SEAGER
               



            . She had received an injury on her hand; she said nothing at the watch-house about the money being given to her.
WILLIAM PEARCE. I never consented to go with her I scratched her hand, but did not bite her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
