



1099. 




ANN BEARD
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
4th of March, 5 half-crowns, 2 shillings, and 2 sixpences, the monies of 



Thomas Marks, from his person.






THOMAS MARKS
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Eagle-street, Marylebone. About half-past seven o'clock on the morning of the 4th of March I went to a public-house—I was not drunk—I was a little the worse for liquor—as I was going along the prisoner accosted me, and asked if I would treat her—I said I would—she took me to the Red Lion in Gilbert-street, and we had something to drink—I fell asleep, having been up all night—I had five half-crowns, two shillings, and two sixpences—I saw it safe when I paid for some purl when I went in—I fell asleep immediately; and was roused up again by feeling the prisoner's hand in my pocket—I Put my hand in and missed ray money.





THOMAS ARNOLD
. I was in the tap-room, and saw the prisoner with her arm round the prosecutor's neck, and her hand in his pocket—the prosecutor sat up, asked for something to drink, put his hand in his pocket to

pay, and had no money—I asked what he had lost—he said 14s. or 15s.—I said, "Recollect yourself"—he then said it was five half-crowns, two shillings, and two sixpences.





JAMES CLOUGH
 (police-constable C 142.) I was sent for, and searched the prisoner—I took her outside the public-house—it was rather dark in the tap-room, and as she got outside I saw her attempt to throw something away—I caught her hand, and found in it five half-crowns, two shillings, and one sixpence—the prosecutor was not so drunk but he knew what he was about.

Prisoner's Defence. I had 17s., which was the change of a sovereign my landlady gave me on leaving home.

MRS. HAYLINS. I live at No. 21, Short's-gardens, Drury-lane, and let lodgings to working people, not to women, only single men. I had but one young woman in the house, and that was the prisoner—she was very nearly twelve months off and on at my place, and always bore a honest character—I never heard of her being tried before—I was surprised to hear she was in Newgate—she gave me a sovereign on Saturday week, as she was going out—I gave it to her back again on the Sunday, between four and five o'clock, as she went out, that I swear—she was working indoors washing—I gave it to her on the Sunday afternoon, as she was going out, and she said, "I will fetch in some beer when I come back."




GUILTY
.** Aged 33.—


Transported for Ten Years.
