






1374. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COLEMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, 10 yards of velvet, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Rozee
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  ROZEE
               



            . I live in Great Pearl-street


, and am a weaver
. I had known the prisoner about five weeks; he worked in my shop - I was at work on this velvet, but on the 17th of July, I went out; I had eleven yards and a quarter in my loom - I left the prisoner there; he had velvet in his loom, the same as mine - I went out a little after ten o'clock, I returned a little after four; the prisoner was then gone, and his work and mine were both gone - the velvet in his loom was not mine, he had it from another master on his own account; I went directly and acquainted the two masters of it - Mr. Graham, of Spital-square is my employer - I had been that morning to Mrs. Simmons, to put up a loom for her - we have not heard of the velvet since; the prisoner did not return to my house; he was taken up the next day - my master gave me into custody as soon as I told him of the loss.


                  FRANCES 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I live in Catherine-wheel-alley, Bishopsgate. On the 17th of July, the prosecutor came, and was security for a loom for me, and he put it up - he left me about four o'clock in the afternoon; he returned about six, and said, he had been robbed - I had not seen the prisoner for a week or two before that, but that night I saw him with his sisters at the Blue Ball public-house, in Cock-lane - I looked at him a long while, because he was clean, and I had not seen him so before; I asked his sisters, if he was not their brother; they said, no - I then looked at his hand, and saw one finger was off, and I knew it was him - I flew out of the house to look for a policeman, and the prisoner escaped - the next morning I went to Mr. Sturgeon's; he went with me to a house in Castle-street - we went up stairs, and Sturgeon persuaded the prisoner to come down; there was a poker taken up, but I do not know whether the prisoner took it, or whether it was a pipe in his mouth - he ran after me into the passage.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  LOCKWOOD
               



            . I went with her to the house; I stood at the door; she went up, and came down screaming murder; the prisoner came down, made use of bad expressions, and asked, what we wanted with him - he walked with Sturgeon and me to Church-street, Bethnalgreen; we met the police, and give him in charge.


                  MARY 
                  GHOST
               



            . I am the wife of Richard Ghost; I live under the room in which this velvet was; the prosecutor went out a little after ten o'clock on the 17th of July, and asked me to give an eye to the door; after he had been gone a little while, the prisoner came down; he went out, and came back again with a strange man, and they went up stairs together - the strange man came down soon after, and the prisoner followed him with a bundle under his right arm, and a bag in his left; he said to me, "Would you give an eye to the door?" I said,"Yes"; they then went away past my window; the prisoner came back again, and went up stairs, and when he came down again, he said, "I do not think my work safe here, and when this is done, I shall have no more;" I saw no more of him; I saw no one else go in.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BEDFORD
               



             (police-constable H 23). I took the prisoner, on the 18th of July - I searched him at the station-house; I found 9s. 6d. in silver on him, and 2d. in copper.


                  CHARLES 
                  LEFEVRE
               



            . I worked in Rozee's shop with the prisoner, on the 15th of July, from morning till night - he went out in the morning to get some tobacco; he was a long while gone, and when he came back, he said, he had been to his sister's to borrow 1d. to buy the tobacco; he then had his dinner, smoked his pipe, and worked till eight o'clock at night.
Prisoner's Defence (written). I had my work from Mr. Green, of Steward-street, which I took to Mr. Rozee, who engaged to learn me to make velvet; at length I found he was not a trust-worthy person, being in the habit of getting drunk for three or four weeks at a time; I heard that he had lived with a female for some years, until she was committed to Newgate for robbing the person's house who had engaged her to wash and char; he then sent the children to the workhouse, and left her till she was married to a Mr. Simmons: and now Mr. and Mrs. Simmons, Mr. Rozee, and the children all live in one room. On the day named in the indictment, a young man came to pay me some money, which he had borrowed at sundry times; we staid a short time; when we came down stairs I had my dirty linen, and the young man's dirty linen, to take to my sisters to wash; the door of the workshop has no fastening, and as I came down stairs, I said to Mrs. Ghost, "Be so good as to look after the door, as Rozee is out getting drunk again;" I then left the young man, and went home to my sister's to dinner. The street-door is always open, so that any person might go up or down the stairs without being perceived; and Mr. Rozee some time ago lost his work before, while he was out at the public-house.


                  George 
                  Hughes
               



             gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
