




2037. 




THOMAS CLANCEY
 and 



EDWARD KERRINGTON



 were
indicted for stealing, on the 
22nd of June, 1 pair of shoes, value 4s. 6d., the goods of 



William Warne.







WILLIAM WARNE
. I live in Bell-street, Lisson-grove. I am a dealer in marine Stores and sell shoes. On the 22nd of June, my neighbour, Mrs. Caswell, came and told me something—my wife ran out, and the prisoner, Clancey, was brought in—Mrs. Caswell was sent for—she said, "That is the boy that took the shoes"—he strongly denied it—I missed a pair of shoes that have not been found.





PAUL PARKER
. I am in the prosecutor's employ. At half-past ten o'clock that morning, I saw the prisoners next door to my master's, sitting there for half an hour—they then went away—about one o'clock I was going to my master's, and missed a pair of shoes—they had been on the board outside—I saw them safe at nine o'clock in the morning.





SARAH CASWELL
. I am the wife of George Caswell—I live opposite the prosecutor. I was sitting in my parlour and saw two boys with flowerpots—I saw Clancey, who was one of them, take a pair of shoes from the prosecutor's, and give them to the other boy—I cannot say whether it was the other prisoner.





GEORGE HEALEY
 (police-constable D 42.) I took Clancey on the Monday following—I told him I wanted him for the shoes in Bell-street—he said, "They had me on Saturday, why did not they keep me then?—I had no shoes on me—they cannot hurt me"—he told me to let him walk, or else I might have my coat taken off.





CHARLES BENNETT
 (police-constable D 59.) I met the prisoner Kerrington in Crawford-street—he said, "Do you want me for the same as Clancey?—I was not with him when he took the shoes."

Clancey's Defence. I went with this boy to sell some flower-pots, and stood up because it rained—I was then taken, and the prosecutor said he did not miss any shoes.





WILLIAM WARNE
. I did not miss any shoes till Parker came.

CLANCEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.—Convict Ship.

KERRINGTON—


NOT GUILTY
.
