





891. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     WATSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of April


, 1 watch, value 20s.; 1 seal, value 5s.; 1 watch-chain, value 20s., and 2 watch-keys, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Russell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  RUSSELL
               



            . I am a seafaring-man
. I fell in with the prisoner on the 6th of April as I was going on board, below Shadwell church


 - there was another woman with her; they asked me to treat them with some gin, which I did - I sat down myself, and smoked a pipe; I then asked if one of them could accommodate me with a bed - the prisoner took me home, and put me to bed at No. 4, close by Shadwell church; I went to a room up two pair of stairs, and went to bed - I put my trousers under my pillow; I am quite sure my watch was then safe in my fob - I felt it, rolled it up, and put my trousers under my pillow; I laid looking at the prisoner, who kept walking about the room - I had given her 3s. for the bed; she came to the bed, took my trousers, and went to the table; she came back, and put the trousers under my head again - she then went out at the door; I waited five or ten minutes - she did not return; I got up, took my trousers, and overhauled them - I missed my watch and seals; being in a strange place I did not know what to do, so I laid down, and went to sleep till the morning -I fastened the door, and had nothing to lose but my trousers - in the morning I went to a friend's, and we got a Police-officer; we at last went to the King's Head, and there she was laying in the tap-room beastly drunk - she was notdrunk when she was in the room with me; I had had five or six glasses of grog, but was quite sensible - the landlady produced my watch out of the bar.


                  MARY 
                  COZENS
               



            . I am the wife of John Cozens; he keeps the King's Head, Brook-street. The prosecutor came there on the 5th of April with the prisoner - he asked her what she would take; she said a glass of gin - he took a glass of porter, and they talked together; the prisoner came to my house next morning; two officers went by, and said to me, "Are you aware you have a pane of glass broken?" I said to the prisoner, "You must pay for that glass;" she said she had no money, but she would leave security, and she gave me the same watch which I gave to the officer.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HAYWOOD
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I was at the public-house when the watch was given to Mr. Cozens - the prisoner was there beastly drunk.


                  RICHARD 
                  HEMMINGS
               



            . I went there, and saw the prisoner drunk.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor; he asked where I was going - I said home; we went to the public-house, and had a quartern of gin; we then went home, and had some more - we then went to two other houses, and had more; we got very tipsy indeed - we went home; he said he had no money, but he would give me his watch to keep till he gave me 5s. - I said, "I don't like to take it; you won't say that I took it from you?" he said, "No; I know what I do when I am drunk, as well as when I am sober;" I left it at Mrs. Cozens' - I sat down there a minute or two, and there were two or three young chaps there - my head went against the glass, and broke it; I said, "I have nothing to pay, but this watch that a man left in my hands."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
