





1975. 




JOHN HILL,


 PETER REEVES
, and 




JOHN SEALEY
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
27th of July, 450l. bs. of tea, value 100l.; and 6 tea-chests, value 6s.; the goods of 



John Fletcher, 


Betts, and another.—2nd COUNT, stating it to belong to the 

East India Dock Company.—3rd COUNT, stating it to belong to 



James Moore the Elder, and others.



MESSRS. PHILLIPS
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM BUGGINS CASTLE
. I am a yard-man and book-keeper to the East India Dock Company, at the Crutched Friar's tea-warehouse. On the morning of the 27th of July I observed the prisoner Hill in the yard, about eighteen or twenty minutes before nine o'clock—he sat on the iron cannon as the clock was striking nine—about an hour after, he came into the yard the second time, and apparently went up to the counting-house box—he went within about two yards of it, then turned short round to the right, and went in the direction of the tea-chests—they were laid there with a cloth over them—he moved the cloth, and looked, and put his hand into his pocket—there were six of these chests—there were marks on them—by his removing this cloth, it enabled him to see the marks—he was not a stranger there—when a gentleman gave him a chest to clear, he had business there, to take it away—he had been employed there at times, but was not that morning—he left the yard after that—I did not see either of the other prisoners till Sealey came with the order for the teas, about a quarter before one o'clock—Sealey said, "I want six chests for Airey, in Shoreditch," and he handed this paper to me—(read)—"Crutched Friars, 6, 2382, Airey and Co., Shoreditch, cleared yesterday"—that corresponded with the marks on the chests—he had a kind of wine truck, be longing to Harrison, George-yard, Aldgate—I had known him as a labourer—I read the paper, "Airey, Shoreditch"—he said, "Yes, and they are going to the Swan-inn, Whitechapel"—he went away with them when they were loaded in the truck—there was no covering over them—they were only tied with a bit of cord—this was a yard belonging to the East India Dock Company.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long have you known Hill as a carman coming to the yard? A. Ever since the East India Dock Company has been in possession of the yard—sometimes once, some times twice a-week—he knew me perfectly well—he remained two or three minutes, when he came at nine o'clock, I was in the yard, at my station—there was other tea on the left-hand side along with the six—if it is a lowering morning, I do not uncover the teas—if fine, I do sometimes before nine o'clock—this was rather a fine morning—the pri soner moved the cloth on one side—I did not say any thing to him—I thought nothing of it—I merely noticed it—I have not got myself into any trouble, that I am aware of, for letting the tea go—I have had nobody complain of me.

Q. What security have you that the person who brought you this ticket was the person to whom you ought to deliver the teas? A. When a war rant is written off by the clerks in the counting-house, and the No. 1 paper comes over, it goes to the little box that he was going to, then they are signed with the initials of the officer, and then sent to the different offices, where they are written off, and then when they apply to me, I deliver them—that ticket was like those that are generally brought, and knowing the person who comes—not any person who produces a ticket with the number of the chests would get it, unless I knew them—there was only the officer sitting in the box, and myself in my proper place—the officer might have left the box—I do not know.

MR. DOANE. Q. Must Hill have been quite aware of the manner of doing the business there? A. Yes—I hold the same situation as I did before—I have been there two years last April.





HENRY JONES
. I am a carman. I know all the prisoners—I saw

Hill a little after one o'clock in the afternoon, on the 27th of July, talking with Sealey, about two doors from where the teas were stolen, under the French-horn gate-way, that is near the warehouse; and a quarter of an hour afterwards I observed Sealey and Reeves dragging a truck, with six chests of tea on it—the truck had got out of my sight, when I saw Hill running with his coat buttoned, as hard as he could run—the teas had gone up Jewry-street—he turned down John-street, as if to meet it if it turned round—I observed the chests particularly—I took one of the numbers as they passed by—I spoke to Mr. Moule, and in consequence of what he said, I ran off towards Whitechapel—when I got to the Swan Inn, I saw Sealey with six new cords—I asked him what had become of the tea he was dragging along Crutched Friars—he said, "I don't know, they sent me for the cords, and the teas have vanished"—I asked him who employed him—he said they were total strangers to him—I am quite certain I saw him and Hill talking before, and then saw him and Reeves dragging the truck—I know that Sealey and Hill were acquainted—I asked Sealey where was the document by which he got the teas—he pulled out the document produced—I went with him to the corner of the Minories, and gave him into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A master-carman, and so is Hill—he had scarcely any business—I do not know whether a person of the name of Jones tried to get his business from him—I know Clare—I did not ask him to employ me—he came to me once in the French Horn, and asked if I could cart him some teas—I know Mr. Wood—there is not a man in the trade but what I know—I did not go to him, and try to get his business—Hill kept one cart—I was waiting for orders that morning in Crutched Friars—I have three carts, but only two horses—I should say Hill has been in the carting business about two years, or a year and a half—I did not see the teas come out of the yard—I saw them in Crutched Friars, going to Jewry-street—I saw them when it got there—I saw Hill running up John-street.





WILLIAM RUSSELL DAVIS
. I am carman to Mr. Peter Palmer, living at No. 13, Greenfield-street, Commercial-road, about a mile and a quarter from Crutched Friars; his place of business is in Haydon-square. On the 27th of July I was there—any body going up John-street would come to Haydon-square—Hill had lent my master a cloth—on this 27th of July, Hill came to Haydon-square about ten minutes past two o'clock in a hurry, and said to me, "Billy, I want that tilt"—I told him I could not well let him have it then, as I was afraid it might rain—he said he wanted it directly, as he had some furniture to move—upon that I let him have the tilt, and he went off with it.

Cross-examined. Q. What is the latest hour of clearing teas in the after noon? A. There are various times, according to the different companies—the latest time in Haydon-square, Minories, is not later than twenty minutes past two o'clock—Hill had been in the habit of clearing teas—to the best of my knowledge it was his own tilt—he had lent it to my employer—my master is a little master-carman—I was not cramming the tilt down between some chests to make them steady—it was borrowed to cover over some chests of teas, and in going along from Cutler-street, some of them shook forwards, and some of the tilt shook into the hollow place—Hill did not object to that, that I know of—I cannot positively say whether it had struck two o'clock—if a man had been in the neighbourhood of Jewry-street,

he would have come up John-street, and across the Minories—that is the direct road—Whitechapel is a different way.





NATHANIEL WILLIAM TUCKER
. I keep the White Hart, in Pennington-street, Ratcliffe. On Thursday, the 27th of July, about three or a quarter past three o'clock, I remember two men drawing a truck up to my door—I did not observe what kind of things were on it—there was something on it covered with a tilt—it stood there from twenty minutes to half an hour—they were not the prisoners at the bar—they came and had a pot of beer—I afterwards saw the truck empty.





HENRY HARRISON
. I am a wheelwright and smith, and live in Ald gate. I know Sealey—he came to me on the 27th of July for a truck about twelve o'clock—he did not tell me what he wanted it for—nothing was said about its being returned—I saw it again on the Monday following, at the Greenbank station-house, Wapping—it was a large truck—such as is usually used in the wine trade.





HENRY HORWILL. I
 am clerk to George Morphett and Co., tea agents, Fenchurch-street. I have been there five years and a half—about one o'clock on Thursday, the 27th July, I was in the East India Docks Company's office—I know Hill—I saw him go twice through the passage to the yard that day—I have seen him write—this paper is Hill's writing—that I swear.

Cross-examined. Q. Is it his usual way of writing? A. It is very much like his usual way of writing—I have seen him write a great many times when he used to be with Coles, the carman whom we used to employ to do our business—the last time I saw him write was fifteen months ago—there was a subpœna left at my house or Saturday evening last—I was not before the Magistrate—I am sure "Airey & Co., Shoreditch, "is his writing.





JOHN COLES
. I am a City carman, and live in Holloway-street, Church lane. I have known Hill for three years—he lived with me for a year and a half, or nearly two years, as clerk—I have seen him write, to my sorrow—this is Hill's hand-writing.

Cross-examined. Q. How long is it since he left your service? A. I think about this time twelve months—I cannot say that I have seen him write since he left me—he became carman on his own account after he left me, as soon as he could solicit Mr. Wood, and get a little work from me—I have lost a great deal of money by Hill—I have been paying ever since I knew him, for teas being plundered—I have taken him before the Magistrate—I had a daughter named Mary Ann—I have heard that the prisoner and she were going to be married about a fortnight or three weeks ago—I have no reason to believe it now—I turned my daughter out of doors early in the Spring because I heard she was keeping company with Hill—that was not the first time I turned her out of doors—I turned none of the rest of the family out—I mean to swear that—no more than when we have had a row I have ordered them out—I have ordered my wife and children, if they chose, to go—I do not know how often—I have not turned them out in the middle of the night, to my knowledge; but Hill was always taking home tittle-tattle to my wife about my being with other people—I should think that was about twelve months before he left—I have a count ing-house—my daughter used to attend there sometimes, and boys, and Hill was there occasionally—no prostitutes, to my knowledge—I believe Hill has had them there—I know the Thames police-office, but not to my sorrow—I have never been charged myself—I was there about six weeks ago, about a pulley that my man had—I was not summoned then, nor

taken into custody—I went in support of my man, who was taken—his name is George Griffiths—Hill has been a long time threatening to have me at the bar, but he is here first—I did not say that I would give 1000l. to get Hill out of the country—nothing of the kind—I know a man of the name of Dexter—I may have said so in joke.





WILLIAM CLARE
. I am a tea-agent, and live in Lime-street. I have been in the tea line between five and six years—I have known Hill nearly the whole of that time—I have seen him write perhaps two or three times a month—perhaps 100 times—I have no hesitation in saying that this "Airey & Co. "is his hand-writing.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you last see him write? A. About two months back—I do not believe this other paper to be his—(looking at a paper)—I should be inclined to say no—part of the first paper is like his—the words "Shoreditch," and "six," and "clear"—there is an attempt to disguise the word" Airey, "if it is his.





JOHN YOUNG
. I am clerk to William Clare, and have been so eighteen months. I saw Hill write about once a month, when he sent in his bills—I have seen him write about a dozen times—this is Hill's hand writing, to the best of my judgment.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you see him write last? A. About a month ago.





JOHN AIREY
. I am a tea-dealer. I never gave any of the prisoners directions to clear away these six chests of tea—I believe they were Mr. Wood's property—I do not know the prisoners.





THOMAS WOOD
. I am partner with John Fletcher Betts. These six chests of tea belong to us—we gave directions to our agent to clear them—we have not received them.





WILLIAM MOULE
. I am of the firm of Moule and Sons, tea-brokers. On the 26th of July I cleared six chests of tea for myself and partners—they were in the warehouse yard of the East India Company, waiting the application of the carman of Wood and Co.—I remember the intimation given to me by the witness Jones—I desired him to pursue these parties.





GEORGE CARR
 (police-constable 166.) On the morning of the 28th of July I was in Pennington-street, and found the truck empty in the street—I took the charge of it.





THOMAS CLEMENTS
. I am a bricklayer, and live at Wanstead. On the morning of the 28th of July, about ten o'clock, I was crossing the Forest, and found these empty tea-chests—four of them were complete, and two of them broken—I gave them to Pritchard, the patrol.





THOMAS SHELSWELL
. I am an officer, and have brought the chests—they are numbered from 2382 to 2387.

Reeves's Defence. I was on the stand, and Sealey came and asked me to give him a pull up; I went to the Blue Boar, and a man who hired him came up, and gave me 6d., and I went away.

Sealey's Defence. On the 27th, I was standing at No. 25, Gateway—a countryman, came up to me, and asked if I could take six chests of tea to the Swan—I said yes—I took the list of him to Mr. Castle—he gave me the teas, and I took them away, and asked Reeves to give me a pull up, which he did, to nearly the corner of Petticoat-lane; and then the man came to me, and said he would give me a drop of beer, and I said I would send this man back—we went and had a pint of beer—the man said, "I shall want a cord to cord this, will you go and buy some for me?" I went back to the French Horn, and bought six cords of Mr.

Archer—I came back immediately, and the truck and teas were all gone—I kept running about the street, and Jones came to me—I said I had lost them—the man and the truck were gone away.

MR. CLARKSON
called






WILLIAM MANCHESTER
. I live in Harrow-alley, Whitechapel. I have been subpœnaed here by the prosecutor—I know the prisoner Hill—I have worked for him as carman—I have seen him write frequently—I saw this paper before—I do not think it is his writing—I have no knowledge of it whatever—I think the whole of this other paper is Hills's writing.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know Mr. Moule? A. Yes—I did not see this order in his presence—I might say something about it—I do not believe that I said I believed it to be Hill's handwriting, but I would not like to be sworn—I cannot recollect it, and I will not swear to it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When was it you saw Mr. Moule? A. I believe, last Saturday week, and I was subpœnaed on Thursday—I do not think it is Hill's writing—it is an altered hand.





JOHN HIGGINS
. I live on my own property, at No. 61, Charlotte-street—I have been a carman. I think I know Hill's handwriting well—I have seen this order before—I do not believe it to be his writing—I have been accustomed to his writing for five or six years.





JOHN WOOD
. I am a coffee-dealer, and have a warehouse in French horn-yard. I have been in business about four years—I have employed Hill nine or twelve months, and have seen him write repeatedly—I do not believe any part of this paper to be his writing—his general character has been very good.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. No part of it? A. In the A and S I should say there is a similarity—I do not see any other—it is the bungling attempt of a man trying to disguise his hand, and in a letter or two forgetting his design; but I believe it was never written by the prisoner.
(John Martin, a musician, gave the prisoner Sealey a good character.)

HILL—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

SEALEY—


GUILTY
 Aged 62.





Transported for Seven Years.


REEVES—


NOT GUILTY
.
