



736. 




CHARLES PHILLIPS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of June, 4 clocks, value 80l., the goods of 



Benjamin Lewis Vulliamy, his master, in his dwelling-house.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





BENJAMIN LEWIS VULLIAMY
. I reside at No. 68, Pall Mall, in the parish of St. James, Westminster. I am a watch and clock maker, empolyed by many of the government establishments—the prisoner was in my service in 1834, and had been so about seven years—I believed him, up to that time, to be an honest man—I should not have kept him if I had not—on the 23d of June he ceased coming to my house, without any apparent cause—I made enquiries and could not discover him—I made search about my premises, and missed four clocks—I have a very extension stock, so that it would be difficult to miss any—without my attention being called to it, I was not likely to discover it for some time—I had bills printed, and took every means to find the prisoner—in January last, in consequence of some information, I processed to Birmingham, and took a Birmingham policeman, and found the prisoner at work at a clock-maker's—I instantly took him on this charge, and went immediately to his lodgings—I made use of no promise or threat to induce him to make any statement to me—the prisoner said precisely this, "It is now all over; I may as well tell you where the four clocks are that I took"—he then described where he pawned them all four, describing the streets accurately, but he could not remember the names of the pawnbrokers—he gave me the name of Eaton-street, Pimlico; a pawnbroker's, in Prince-street; opposite Gerard-street; a pawnbroker's in Green-street, Leicester-square; and a pawnbroker's in Westminster-road, a little way on the left hand

side—he further told me he had pawned one clock in Eaton-street, in his own name; and the other three clocks in the name of Charles Johnson—I went to the three pawnbrokers he described, but found the three clocks had been all sold, being out of time—I found one at Eaton-street—we searched his drawers, in which he kept his tools, as soon as we ascertained he had run away, and found a clock-winder, which winds this clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Would that wind any other clock? A. Each clock has its own distinct winder—you will see a number on this winder, and on this clock—I have no partner in my business, and had not at that time—I had said nothing to him before he made this declaration. I had said nothing to him about these clocks before he made the declaration I have stated—I do not recollect any thing at all—the officer took him out of the house, and told me I must follow him to his lodgings which I did—he said, "It is all over," and then he told—I am sure I made him no intimation it would be better for him.

COURT
Q. What is the number on this clock-winder? A. 848; and the clock to which it belongs will bear a corresponding number.





JOHN COTTON GRINDLEY
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Page and Courtney, Lower Eaton-street, Pimlico—they are pawnbrokers. I was in their employ in March, 1834—a clock was brought there on the 5th of that month, and pledged in the name of Charles Phillips—it remained unredeemed—on the 9th of last January I sent it to Messrs. Robins, to be sold by auction—Mr. Clark, Robin's foreman, received it.

Cross-examined. Q. You don't remember who pledged it? A. No.





WILLIAM CLARK
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Robins, the auctioneers. I produce a clock which I received from Messrs. Page and Courtney's young man—I cannot remember the date.





BENJAMIN LEWIS VILLAINY

re-examined. Q. This clock is mine—it is No. 848—the value of it is 20l.
(William Harling, a clock-maker, of Charles-street, Goswell-road; and Edward Graves, a watch and clock-maker, of Goswell-terrace; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 29.—Recommended to mercy in consequence of his candid confession to his master, and his good character.—


Transported for Life.
