



1092. 




THOMAS IVISON
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging a certain order for the payment of £100, with intent to defraud 



Sir Richard Carr Glynn and others.—2nd COUNT, for uttering the same with a like intent.—Other COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN GARWOOD
. I am clerk to Mr. John Widdows, an attorney in Copthall-court, Throgmorton-street I know the prisoner by his coming to see Mr. Widdows—on Monday, the 26th of February, he came, and gave me this cheque, and said, "You are to go and receive this cheque," and that he was to wait while I went with it—I went to Glynn and Co.'s—when I got there I was detained by Forrester, the officer, who went back with me to Copthall-court, but the prisoner had left—he was afterwards taken at his father's.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You had known him a good while, I suppose? A. Yes—I do not know where he lived.





WILLIAM THOMAS
. I am cashier to Glynn, Halifax, and Co., bankers We have an account with Adam Joseph Kopsch and Co.—on the 26th of February Garwood came with a cheque—I believe this to be the cheque—I had no doubt it was a forgery immediately I saw it—it was shown to the partners, and Forrester was sent for.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure that is the same cheque? A. I can not be sure, but I have no doubt of it—I believe it to be the cheque—I will not undertake to swear positively to it.


MR. DOANE. Q. Did you mark the cheque he brought? A. Yes—his has my mark—Mr. Masters brought it to me as he was going out with Forrester, and I marked it—I had left it in the room with Mr. Halifax, one of the partners, and Mr. Daniel, the chief clerk—Mr. Barber was there—he went into the room with me—I did not see him with the cheque—I left it with Mr. Daniel and Mr. Halifax—I did not mark it till Mr. Mastery was going away.





FREDEBICK BARBER
. I am a clerk in the banking-house, I was in the same office as Mr. Thomas—he brought the cheque from his desk to me, and I took it to Kopsch and Co. by his directions—I returned the cheque to him again when I came back, and he took it into the partners' room.





WIILIAM THOMAS

re-examined. When I first received the cheque I gave it to Barber to take to Kopsch and Co.—he brought it back, and gave it to me, and I took it into the partners' room immediately—Garwood went in with me and Mr. Kopsch, who had come back with Barber; and I think Barber went in also—I left the cheque there, and Mr. Masters afterwards. brought it to me to mark—I will not swear positively this is the same cheque but to the best of my belief it is—I have no doubt about it—I wear to the mark which I made on it—the drawer's name is the same as was on the cheque presented, the sum is the same, and it has every apearance of it.





THOMAS HALIFAX, ESQ
. I am a partner in the firm of Glynn and Co. I member this cheque being brought into the partners' room—I cannot say in whose hands it was when I first saw it—Mr. Thomas was one of the persons who came in, I believe, and one of the partners of Kopsch's house—Mr. Daniel, our manager, was in the room at the, time—Garwood was brought in to me—I will not say whether Garwood was in the room, or whether I only saw him through the glass door outside, but he was never lost sight of—my present idea is, that he was in the partners' room—the cheque was shown to me—I directed Mr. Daniel to send for Messrs. Bush and Masters, and Mr. Masters came—to the best of my belief, I did not leave the room from the time of the cheque's being brought into the room till the arrival of Mr. Masters—I do not know that I saw the cheque given to anybody after Mr. Masters' arrival—Mr. Mills was in the room, and I think, Mr. Glynn.

Cross-examined. Q. Can you say into How many different hands the cheque went? A. No; I will not swear positively—I might not have left the room before Mr. Masters came—I cannot say more than to the best of my knowledge and belief—Garwood was in the room—there might have been other persons there.

COURT. Q. Can you say whether that is the same cheque or not? A. cannot swear to the cheque, but I believe it is, from the peculiarity of the writing, the figures, and the word "company"—I looked at it when it was bought me, and inquired of Mr. Kopsch's partner about the writing—the amount of this cheque corresponds with that which was produced to me—I do not think I remarked the date—I noticed the signature, but only in a neral way—it was the same name as this—I noticed the two 00 had not the regular distance between them, and the I—it was in an irregular mode.

MR. DOANE. Q. Was any other cheque, drawn by Kopsch and Co., brought into your room that day? A. Certainly not—no other came under

my observation—I do not remember seeing or hearing of any other—I have no doubt this is the same cheque, but I cannot swear to it.





CHARLES MILLS, ESQ
. I am one of the firm of Glynn and Co. I came into the room at the time in question—something was mentioned to me, and I asked to see the cheque, which was given to me—it was lying on the private desk of Mr. Daniel, the managing clerk, in the inner-room, and I either took it off the desk, or it was given to me—Mr. Halifax was in the room—Mr. Masters, the solicitor, afterwards came there, and I gave the cheque to him—my attention was drawn to the signature and amount—I had been told before I came in that it was ascertained to be a forgery—this cheque has the same signature, is to the same amount, and to the best of my belief it is the same cheque—I did not see any other cheque in the room drawn by the same party—there was no other cheque that day about which there was any difficulty, to my knowledge.

Cross-examined. Q. You were not at home, I suppose, all the day? A. I was not in the room when it was brought in.





JOHN DENNIS DANIEL
. I am managing clerk in the banking-house of Messrs. Glynn, Halifax, and Co. I sit in a room called the partners' room—it is separated by a glass screen—I can see into the office—I remember a cheque being brought in by Mr. Thomas, the cashier, signed Kopsch and Co.—I do not remember Mr. Mills coming in—I was backwards and forwards in the office from time to time—doubts had arisen about the cheque, and it was settled that we should send to Mr. Kopsch about it—I nobody came in with Mr. Thomas—Mr. Thomas Halifax was in the room when he came in—I dare say I was in and out two or three times—I saw the cheque again when I came in—I left Mr. Halifax in the room when I went out, and found him there when I came in, till Mr. Masters arrived—there was no other cheque, drawn by Kopsch and Co., brought in, that I know of—when Mr. Thomas brought the cheque in, he showed it to me, and then took it out again—he afterwards brought the same cheque in again, with Mr. Kopsch, who pronounced it to be a forgery—it was then laid on my desk—I did not remain in the room all the time till Mr. Masters came, but was sometimes there, and sometimes in the outer office.





MR. EDWARD LEE MASTERS
. I am in partnership with Mr. Bush. We are the solicitors for this prosecution—I have produced the cheque which I got from Messrs. Glynn's on the 26th of February—I received it from Mr. Mills's hands—I showed it difectly after to Mr. Thomas, who put his initials on it before it was taken out of the banking-house—(cheque read.)





ADAM JOSEPH KOPSCH
. I am a silk-merchant, in partnership with Mr. Thomas Naylor. We kept an account with Glynn and Co. in February last—I know the prisoner, his father is a respectable silk-broker—the prisoner used to come to our house on business—we keep our cheque-book on the desk in the daytime—neither the signature, nor any part of this cheque, is my writing—it seems to be dated the 23rd of February—I had seen the prisoner at our premises not above a day or two before I was called on about the cheque—I do not recollect the date—I went with the person who came from the banking-house—I cannot say How long it was before that, that I had seen the prisoner at my counting-house—it was decidedly within a week—I recollect a Person bringing the cheque to my counting-house—I will not swear it was Mr. Barbel—he

showed me the cheque, and it was a forgery—this looks very much like the cheque—it is drawn in the same name, and for the same amount.

Cross-examined. Q. What are your Christian names? A. Adam Joseph—my cheques are generally signed in that way.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you authorise anybody to sign cheques for you?—A. Nobody except my partner.





THOMAS NAYLOR
. I am partner with Mr. Kopsch. This cheque is not in my handwriting—I authorised nobody to sign it, or fill it up—I have seen the prisoner at our counting-house—he used to bring samples from his father—I have never seen him write in the counting-house—I had seen him there within a week.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know a young man named Marquis? A. Yes, he was in our employment a short time—he has been sought after lately, but the search has been given up—he can be found—he has been seen—I understand several parties have seen him—a gentleman named Marker has seen him—I do not know that he has absconded—Mr. Kopsch has authorised persons to search for him.

MR. KOPSCH
re-examined. I have authorised somebody to search for Marquis, as there were suspicions against him—I have not been able to find him—it was not an officer I told to search for him—I authorised Mr. Fellowes to advertise for him.

Q. Was it not in consequence of his being suspected of having given the prisoner the false cheque? A. No—it was long before the cheque was produced that he was advertised for—we were suspicious of his having committed a theft—I have not advertised for him since this, nor sent anybody to search for him—he could go into our counting-house when he was in our service, which was not above two or three months—during that time the cheque book laid on the desk as usual—he is about twenty-two or twenty-three years of age, and is married.

Q. Have you ever expressed any opinion as to the handwriting of A. J. Kopsch and Co., signed to the cheque? A. No, not to my recollection—I will not swear I have not—I believe I have said that it looked like Marquis's handwriting.

MR. BODKIN. Q. When did you say that? A. As far as I can recollect, at the time it was presented to me—Marquis left our service about December—he had no means of access to our counting-house after that—if he had come after he left I should have had him apprehended—the signature to the cheque is a little like mine, but not much—it is written in the same style as if to imitate it—the "one hundred" does not look at all like my writing, nor the February, nor the ciphers.

Q. When you said you thought it was Marquis's writing, did you say so from an inspection of the writing, or from the knowledge that Marquis had committed another offence? A. Both from the writing and his having committed another offence—it is impossible to tell whose handwriting it is, because a few letters are like, and others quite different.





JOSHUA PAUL WANNESS
. I am clerk to the Newspaper Association Office. I am a friend of Messrs. Kopsch—I was at their office on Saturday, the 24th of February last, from seven o'clock till after nine o'clock in the evening—I saw the prisoner there—he was backwards and forwards—he occasionally came in, took up a pen, and wrote at the desk at the opposite side to where I was sitting—I was perhaps three or four feet from him, the width of the desk—it was a double desk—he could write any thing without a person on the opposite side seeing what he wrote.


Cross-examined. Q. Could you see what kind of paper he was writing on? A. No, I could not—he was standing at the desk—I did not pay the least attention to it—I was not before the Magistrate.





JOHN FORRESTER
. I am one of the principal officers at the Mansion-house—I took the prisoner into custody on Monday, the 26th of Febrary, the same day I had been sent for to Glynn's banking-house—I found him at Mr. Kopsch's, in Crown-court, Broad-street—I told him I took him for presenting a cheque at Glynn's—he said nothing—I searched him, and found on him a letter containing two pieces of paper—he never spoke at all.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not the letter a valentine? A. Yes, I should call it so—he was crying when I went into the room—the letter was open when I saw it—it was addressed to him.
(The letter being ready was a valentine, upon which was written, "Answered 17th of February, to Miss Widdows, Church-street, Stoke Newington." The papers were memorandums of several sums of money, one of which had "A. J. Kopsch and Co." written several times upon it.)

MR. KOPSCH
re-examined.—(Looking at the papery—I have never seen this before, to my recollection—the name "A. J. Kopsch and Co." is written in very much the same style of writing as mine.

Cross-examined. Q. Is it very much the same style of writing as you see signed to the cheque? A. It looks like it.




GUILTY of uttering. Aged 15.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury and Prosecutor on account of his youth
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.
