





1654. 
               
                  
                     MARTHA 
                     KELLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of July
, 2 gowns, value 30s.; 1 shawl, value 1l., and 1 pencil-case, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Harriet 
                     Hawkes
                  




               
            .


                  HARRIET 
                  HAWKES
               



            . I am servant
 at the British and Foreign Club-house, Piccadilly


. On the 2nd of July I went out, about half-past three o'clock, and left these articles in my bed-room - I was sent for at half-past five, and went to Queen-square.


                  EMMA 
                  BUNCE
               



            . I live in the same house; my husband is a groom. On the 2nd of July I was in the kitchen, and saw the prisoner go up the area-steps - I followed and overtook her, about two hundred yards off, with a bundle - I asked her to return with me, to No. 105, Piccadilly - she said she was going a little further, and would return bye-and-bye- I said I wished her to return immediately; she said she could not think what the housekeeper wanted with her -I said she would tell her when she got there; when we got to the corner of Dover-street, she said, "Take the bundle, let me go," but did not offer to give it to me - she went and towards Hyde-park - I pulled her back, and got a Policeman, who took her with the bundle - she said she had come and there for a person named Bennet, who she washed for, who owed her some money - nobody of that name lives there - the bundle contained these articles.


                  DAVID 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a Policeman. I saw the prisoner detained by Bunce, she said "Take the bundle, and let me go" - I took her into custody.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42 - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
