



1271. 




JAMES DAY



 was indicted for feloniously receiving, on the 
30th of April, six lambs, value 9l.: the property of 




William Walton, well knowing the same to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c. See page 94.






MR. DOANE CONDUCTED
 the Prosecution.





WILLIAM WALTON
. I am a farmer, residing at Chigwell, in Essex. I went with Kentish, on Monday, to Curnell's and remained there while

Kentish fetched Day—Kentish asked Curnell to state to Day what he had stated to us—Curnell then said, that he had been employed to Day to kill these lambs, and that Day had given him orders to sell them, and to make the beat he could of them—Day denied it, and said he knew nothing of any lambs, and he never had any lambs in his possession—Curnell said, "Good God! do you mean to say, that I can bring the publican to prove that you called me our of the house, and the party that recommended me to you?"—Day said, "I know nothing of any lams"—Kentish said, "You must go with me"—Day said, "Stop a bit, can't it be compromised?"—and be asked me the value of the lambs—I said, the value was not so much as the depredation—he said again, "Could it not be compromised?"—I said they were worth 9l. or 10l—but I would give 100l. rather than I would not proceed, and get the thieves—we then went to the Compter, and he was taken an account of—as we were coming out, Kentish said, "Have you anything to say to me?"—Day then called me aside, and said, "I will tell you where I got them from—of the ostler at the king Harry's Head, Mile-end-road"—he did not tell me what he gave for them—on Friday, the 29th of April, I had a number of lambs—among the rest six, which I missed on the Saturday night—when I send the lambs to market, I always have them marked, and two of these lambs had been sent to market, and returned, not being fat enough—I had seen these two lambs marked, and assisted in marking them—on Monday morning I came to town, and after going to two butchers, and seeing some carcasses, I went to Curnell's house, and under the stairs, found six skins, amongst which were the skins of the two lambs, which were marked.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE
Q. Do you know Old-street-road? A. That is nine or ten miles from Chigwell—we traced this matter to the ostler, at the king Harry's head—we are not enabled to trace the matter to some one at Chigwell—my object was, to find out the thieves—Day gave me information, by which I got some further information from Stiles.





JOHN BENJAMIN KENTISH
. I am a beadle of Newgate-market. I went to Curnell's and saw the skins there—I then went to Day's residence in Old-street-road—on our road from his house to Curnell's, I asked him if he had employed Harry the butcher to kill any lambs for him—he replied that he had not—I then told him that some lambs, which had been stolen, had been taken to Newgate-market that morning—they had been traced to Curnell's, in whose possession the skins were found, and that he had stated he was employed by Mr. Day—Day said he had not employed him, and he knew nothing of any lambs whatever—on our arrival at Curnell's, and I asked him if Day was the man that employed him—he said he was the man—Day denied that he had done so, and again repeated that he knew nothing about any lambs—I told Curnell and Day that they must both go with me to the Compter—upon which Day said, "Stop a bit, can't we settle it"—Mr. Walton said he would not settle it; he was determined to find our the thieves; he would not settle it if it cost him 100l.—Day asked the value of the lambs—Mr. Walton replied, "About 10l."—Day said, "Can't we compromise it"—I said I could allow of no compromiser, and took them both to the Comptor—on the road there Day asked me several times to give him adivice how he should proceed—I told him I could give me no advice, I was the officer and not the lawyer—at the corner of Chiswell-street, or in Finsbury-square, all the parties stopped, and Day again wished Mr. Walton to settle it—Mr. Walton again refused,

and we proceeded to the Compter—previous to his being locked up, I asked Day if he had any communication to make to Mr. Walton, and they retired a few paces.

Cross-examined. Q. How long has Day been in the habit of attending Newgate-market? A. I do not know that he ever attended there—he is a fellowship porter—I think Chigwell is ten or eleven miles from Old-street—I wrote memorandums of what passed, and I have them with me—I think I made them on Tuesday afternoon—Day did nos say more than that he got them from Stiles—in consequences of being told about Stiles, we were able to trace this down to Chigwell.

Witness for the Defence.





THOMAS SMITH
. I live at No. 14, Garden-walk, Tabernacle-square. I have known the prisoner six years and a half.

MR. DOANE. Q. How far do you live from Old-street-road. A. About five minutes walk—I always considered the prisoner a corndealer, and never knew him to deal in lambs.

JURY. Q. Did not Day apply to you to get him a person to kill the lambs? A. He did.

COURT. Q. What did he say? A. He sent his name to me to know where the person lived that killed the pigs for me—I went with the man to Day's and Day asked me where the man that killed the pits resided—I told him he had lived near me, but I did not know whether he lived there now—I went to the public house, and there I heard where to find him.

JURY. Q. Did you not think it strange that the prisoner should have these lambs? A. Certainly; but I knew very well that he could buy any thing that would be an advantage to him.

COURT. Q. What directions did you give the butcher? A. I took him to Day's and Day asked him what he had for killing sheep or lambs—he said, "Four pence a-head"—Day said, "I shall want you to take these to market for me, and shall give you four bobs and your breakfast."
(The prisoner received a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 52.—


Transported for Seven Years.
