





2037. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     AYRES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of September
, 14 shillings, and 2 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  William 
                  Treadgold
               



            , from Leah, his wife.


                  LEAH 
                  TREADGOLD
               



            . I am the wife
 of William Treadgold, a tobacconist
. On the 20th of September the prisoner came to our shop with another man - the prisoner asked for half an ounce of tobacco; I served him, and he threw down a sixpence, and I gave him 4 1/2d. in change: he then asked if I could oblige him with some new sixpences or shillings; I went to my drawer, and took out a little bag of silver - I turned it out into my hand; there were two half-crowns, two sixpences, and twenty-one shillings in it - I was looking it over, and he said, "Allow me, Ma'am, there is one," and he took one shilling with his thumb and fore-finger, and with his other fingers he took hold of the bag; he put his hand to my hand three times, and each time he took some money with the back part of his hand - I did not observe him the first time, but the two times I saw him put his hand to his pocket; the third time I accused him of it - he held up his fist, asked how I dared to accuse a gentleman of robbing me, and was going to strike my face; the other man went away, but the prisoner stopped at the door till I called my neighbour - he then went out; the officer came up, and he was taken - I looked at my silver, and found I had but 12s. left; he had taken 13s. - he was taken to a public-house; I believe 10s. were taken from him, and two of them had lions on them - I cannot account for the deficiency in my money in any other way.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You had not marked the shillings? A. No - I merely stepped out at my door to call my neighbours; he could not have got away - there was a mob collected; I dare say there were half a dozen persons - the prisoner did not take his coat off; I said, "Hold your coat up - you have got some money up your sleeve, or in your pocket;" I had counted this money not two minutes before he came as I had put it up to pay my rent - I stated that before the Magistrate- I pushed him back as he was going out of the shop; he did not strike me, as I pulled my head back; I suppose he was taken in half an hour.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FRYER
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I took the prisoner - he had then got as far as Southampton-street - he said, "You are no officer;" I was not then in my uniform; I took my staff out of my pocket - he got hold of it, and then seized my two cuffs; we had a regular scuffle; another person came up, and I got him to the public-house - he then struck me; I knocked him down, and got my handcuff on one of his hands; he struggled very much, and I could not get the other on - I called some persons to assist me; he then seized my arm with his teeth, and bit it through my coat - when I searched him I found in his trousers pocket 10s. 10 1/2d., and in his waistcoat pocket two shillings, with lions on them.
Cross-examined.. Q. He had got to Southampton-street? A. Yes; he was walking - I suppose it was a quarter of an hour after he first went to the prosecutor's; he was about one hundred yards from their house - he said he had no money but his own, and would not be taken.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live in Harford-row, Battle-bridge, and am a shoemaker. I saw the prisoner and another man at the prosecutor's; the other man stood at the step of the door; the prisoner came to him, and then the other went away.
Cross-examined. Q.Were you examined before the Magistrate? A. Yes; I stated that the prisoner came out and went in - he then came out again, and went in again; if he had any money belonging to the prosecutor, he might have thrown it away, or given it to the other man- I looked at him attentively while he was in the shop; I did not see him do any thing.


                  HENRY 
                  RUSSELL
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live in Hamblin's-row. I assisted in stopping the prisoner, about one hundred yards from the prosecutor's shop - he demanded to see the officer's authority, and he pulled out his staff - the prisoner seized it, and then he took hold of his cuffs; he said he would not be searched in the street, but if he went to a public-house he would be searched quietly; when we got there he was very desperate, and fought with the officer - the officer overcame him; it took four of us to handcuff him: while the officer was searching him his expressions were very bad.
Cross-examined. Q.Did not a man named Colton come up? A. No; the prisoner became violent when we attempted to handcuff him; he was walking when he was taken.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
