





438. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     POWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, On the 1st of January
, 1 watch, value 20l.; 1 watch-chain, value 5l.; 2 seals, value 4l.; 1 watch-key, value 10s., and 2 rings, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Foley
               




            ; and that he had been previously convicted of felony.


                  ANN 
                  FOLEY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Foley
               



             - he lives in Trinity-place, Borough


. On the 31st of December, the prisoner was at my house - he had been there once or twice before; he called that day to pay me a debt of 3s. 6d. - he waited till my husband came home; my husband asked me the time - I looked, and told him it was twenty minutes past five o'clock; I then closed the drawer with the watch in it - my husband went out for some tobacco; I then left the room, and the prisoner in it near the drawer - he staid about twenty minutes longer, then took his hat and went away in haste; after he was gone about twenty minutes I missed the watch, the chain, two seals, and a key.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutor came to the office and got a search-warrant; I went to the prisoner's house on Saffron-hill - he is a marine-store dealer; he was sitting smoking his pipe in his back-parlour - while I was searching I turned and found he had decamped; we went out, and I traced by the snow that he had gone to the next yard - Duke staid there while I went into the next house, and found him in a cupboard; he made great resistance - I was surrounded by about six people, and had great difficulty in making a capture of him; I lost my hat and handkerchief for some time - here is the watch; I found it under the window in his back room under some old iron.
ROBERT DUKE. I was with Waddington, and was holding the candle to him; I turned, and the prisoner was gone - what has been stated is correct; he denied knowing any thing about it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. She said she would be a mother to my young man, and she would be glad to have such an one; she and I sat drinking gin and water at the fire that day as we had done at every meeting, and Foley came home unexpectedly.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, representing that he was in the habit of visiting the prosecutrix in her husband's absence: that on the day in question he was intoxicated, and she proposed to go and live with him, intimating that he could have the plate and watch; that she frequently put the watch into his hand, and on getting home, and becoming sober next morning, he found he had brought it away.
THOMAS COPE. I am an officer. I have an examined certificate of the former conviction of the prisoner; I attended and know he is the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 47. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
