





Fifth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1517. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     MASON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of October
, 1 watch, value 4l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Barling
                  




               
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BARLING
               



            . I am a watchmaker
, and live at No. 37, Southampton-place, Camden-town


. On the 1st of October, I came home about two o'clock in the day, and my son showed me a watch.


                  JOHN 
                  BARLING
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son. The prisoner came to the shop, and asked for some water, but I did not hear him - my father had a gold watch in the shop, which he lost - I stood in the shop while my sister went to the yard to get some water - I have seen the watch since.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Was there a woman in the shop when the prisoner was there? A. Yes; and half an hour after they had both left, I missed the watch.


                  AMELIA 
                  BARLING
               



            . I was at home when the prisoner came into the shop, and asked for a drop of water - I called my brother down - I went and got the prisoner the water, which he drank - this watch had been in the glass case, and we missed it half an hour after the prisoner was gone.
Cross-examined. Q. It was shut up in the glass case? A. Yes; there was a woman in the shop, and after they were both gone, we missed the watch.


                  CHARLES 
                  GRINHAM
               



             (police-constable S 155). On the 2nd of October, I saw the prisoner at No. 7, Skinner-street, Somer's-town - he had a watch, and was fitting a key to it- I asked him how he came by the watch - he said it was his father's, who had sent him to get a key to it - I asked him where he lived, and he said in Little Coram-street - I knew he did live there, and I let him go - on the Saturday afterwards, Mr. Barling came to the station-house, and gave a description of him, and I went and saw him in Coram-street - I said a gentleman wanted to speak to him - he walked a little way by my side, and then ran off - I pursued and took him - I found this watch on him.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
