






523. 




ANN RYDER,



 THOMAS WHITE,



 JOHN WHITE
, and 




WILLIAM POWELL
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
21st of January, 4 handkerchiefs, value 3s. 6d.; 1 nightcap, value 5l.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 1 pair of braces, value 6d.; 1 bag, value 1d.; 1 crown, and 3 shillings; the goods and monies of 



Charles King; and that Ryder bad been before convicted of felony.






CHARLES KING
. I live at Ealing, near Hayes, in Middlesex. On the night of the 21st of January I saw the two Whites and Powell at the Jolly Horse public-house—about twelve o'clock I saw Ryder and went home with her—when we went into the house she fastened the door—I put the articles stated into my pocket, which I laid in the chair, and stripped and got into bed—I expected her to follow, she did not, but she got up in five minutes and opened the door, and the three male prisoners came in—I am sure of them—two of them put their hands over my mouth and tried to stop my breath—I cannot say which two it was—Ryder was in the room at the time, and she cried, I do not know for what—she had opened the door to them—they hallooed and rapped at the door first—I got away from them and saw John White routing my pockets—I had several blows in the room—as soon as I could get my clothes on, I tried to get out—they did not stop me from getting my clothes on, but I had several hits while put-log them on—they let me put them on, and then shoved me out of doors—when I got out I found I had lost four handkerchiefs, a nightcap, two pairs of stockings, a pair of trowsers, a bag, a crown, and three shillings—was struck, but I cannot say by whom—after I came out I went back to the room and asked them for a small parcel, and they all three came out and fell upon me and struck me violently—I had two black eyes—I slipped by them and ran away—I am certain of the three men.


Ryder. When you came to my house you were quite tipsy, you had part of three half-pints of gin and half a pint of rum. Witness. I was not tipsy—I did not say I would turn you out of doors, nor break your things.

John White. He was out of doors grumbling—I asked what was the matter, and he knocked me down, and then we had three rounds. Witness. We had not—I had no chance—they all pitched into me together.





GEORGE HITCHING
. I am a watchman. On this Saturday evening, between twelve and one o'clock, the prosecutor came to me representing that he was robbed—about that time Powell came up—I asked the prosecutor if he was one—he said he was—I took him into custody, and he said if I would allow him to speak to the prosecutor he would tell the b——fool where his parcels were; but instead of telling him, he shoved the watch-box door back and made his escape—I called King, and we got the constable—we went to White's and took them both into custody, and afterwards retook Powell.

Powell. I was going home, and he said, "I dare say that is one of them"—he is my uncle, and he is always taking me to the cage if there is a row—when I came up, the prosecutor said, "Is not this one of them?"—he said, "I will take him"—I said, "Don't put me in here, uncle: you can take me in the morning"—he said, "That won't do for me," and I ran home and went to bed. Witness. I am his uncle—I found him at home—I am certain he said he would tell where the bundles were.





JOHN BIRCH
. I am a constable. I was called, and went to Ryder's house—I found a padlock outside the door—I then went to White's house and apprehended them—the prosecutor identified them, in bed with another man—I went from there to Powell's house and found him in bed—King identitifed him directly he saw him—Powell wished to speak a few words to him and he said, "This man has not been robbed at all; if you will go to Ryder's, there are the things as he left them"—I said, "I can't get in; there is a padlock outside the door"—he said, "Go to White's, you will find the key there"—he said he heard a screaming in the house, and went to the girl's assistance, and that the prosecutor said he would set fire to set house—I went to Ryder's and found the padlock off, and the door fastened inside—White's mother was there—I said I had come for the man's clothes—Ryder said he had brought nothing into the house—I said I must go up stairs—she said, "You need not go up stairs; the man did not go up stairs"—I went, and on the stairs found the braces, which the prosecutor claims—we went back to White's, but found nothing. (Property produced and sworn to.)

Ryder. He never brought any bundle into my house, but the braces which were on the stairs—he gave me 3s. to stop the night—he said it was all the money he had.





CHARLES KING

re-examined. I did not give her any thing—I had agreed to give her 3s.—I am quite sure I took the bundle and money into the house.

James White's Defence. I never saw the man's things—when I went up the yard he was coming out of the door.





CHARLES JAMES MUKRAY
. I got this certificate of Ryder's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office (read)—she is the person who was convicted before your lordship in the other court.

RYDER—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

JOHN WHITE—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

THOMAS WHITE—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

POWELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.)







Transported for seven years.

