





1447. 
               
                  MORRIS 
                  MAGNUS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 2 gowns, value 2l.; 1 waistcoat, value 1l.; 1 pair of trousers, value 30s.; 2 shawls, value 30s.; 20 sovereigns, 7 shillings, three 10l., and three 5l. Bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Bradnack
                  




               
            ; against the Statute.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS KINGSTON
               



            . On the 3rd of May, at half-past three o'clock, I was in Wentworth-street; I saw the prisoner come out of George-yard, carrying a blue bundle - he looked aslant two or three times, then turned to the left and walked gradually on; three or four of his companions came to him and asked how he got on - he went to No. 55, Wentworth-street, where he was taken into custody - the end of Wentworth-street goes into Osborne-street; I saw a horse and chaise - there was a lady in it; in about ten minutes I saw Mr. 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Bradnack
               



             talking to the lady sitting in the chaise - he then went to Lambeth-street; he did not go to the house I saw the prisoner go into, but to the office; he complained of the loss of a blue bundle, and I went with Healy to the house in Wentworth-street, that I had seen the prisoner go into - Healy entered the house, and came out with the prisoner; that was about three quarters of an hour after I saw the prisoner go in with the bundle.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you search the house in Wentworth-street? A. No; I did not go in- I had not known the prisoner before; I am sure I am not mistaken in his person.
ISAAC BRADNACK. On Tuesday, the 3rd of May, I was sitting in a chaise at the corner of Wentworth-street, close by Osborne-street


, about half-past three o'clock - a man came up to me, and asked me some indistinct question; I had not any suspicion of him - I stooped down and said,"What do you say?" he then left the chaise - I turned to the left, and missed a bundle in a blue handkerchief: I saw a man running away with it - I did not see any other man running; I have no doubt it was the prisoner - I called,"Stop thief! stop that villian!" he had run behind the gig, and up Wentworth-street - the bundle contained a new waistcoat, a pair of pantaloons, two silk dresses, two shawls, three 10l. notes, three 5l. notes, and fifteen sovereigns wrapped up in a piece of brown paper; and in another paper there were five sovereigns - I have not seen any of it since.
Cross-examined. Q. This money would have been more safe in your pocket? A. Yes; the man ran with his back towards me, but he turned his face two or three times - I did not say I could not swear to the prisoner; I said it was a very serious thing to swear to a man, but I had no doubt upon my mind - I only meant that there was a possibility of a doubt.


                  DAVID 
                  HEALY
               



            . On the 3rd of May I went with Kingston to No. 55, Wentworth-street - I went into the house, and inquired below who was up stairs; they said a woman who lay in, and that was all - this was about four o'clock in the afternoon; I looked through the crack of a door, and saw two persons lying in bed - I went in, turned down the bed, and found the prisoner in bed with a female - he had all his clothes and his shoes on, and so had the female; they had both been under the clothes - I brought the prisoner down stairs, and asked Kingston to look at him - the prisoner said he was in bed in consequence of his shirt being washed; he had no shirt on - I had got from Kingston a description of the man I was in search of, and the prisoner's appearance corresponded with that; I took the prisoner up to Whitechapel - I had another with me, and as we were going up the passage of the office Mr. Braduack pointed to the prisoner, and said, "That is the man;" I said, "You must be very particular, it is a very serious thing;" he walked up and down the passage two or three times, looked at the prisoner again, and said, "I am confident that is the man;" he persisted in asserting that he was the man.
Cross-examined. Q. I dare say the gentleman described him as a man without a shirt? A. No, Sir; the prosecutor said that it was a serious thing to swear to a man, and so did I - the prisoner went with us to Whitechapel, in custody; I cannot say whether it had struck four o'clock - it was a short time after the prosecutor alleged he had lost his bundle - I searched the house, but found nothing belonging to the prosecutor; the woman who was in bed was Elizabeth Hall, I believe - she was taken and discharged.
Witnesses for the Defence.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HALL
               



            . I keep the house in which the prisoner was taken - I was not in bed with him; that was 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Christmas
               



            ; the prisoner had not been out - he had been at home all day; Christmas had washed his shirt and it was drying in the yard - I had been up to him three times in the course of the day, to make him get up; I did not know he had not a change of linen, and he did not like to tell me.

COURT. Q.Had nobody been in your house that day? A. The lodgers had gone out; but between twelve and four o'clock no one had come in or gone out - I was at home all day; my husband is a cabinet-maker, but he is ill.


                  GEORGE 
                  BRANCH
               



            . I keep a shop for my mother, at the corner of George-yard, in Wentworth-street. I was standing at the door, and saw the robbery committed - the gig was about forty yards from our door; I saw the person who took the bundle - he passed me, and I looked at him very hard; the prisoner was not the man - I have seen the prisoner about, and knew his person, but I had never spoken to him; if I saw the man who took it I should know him - I knew it was a robbery; the prosecutor called Stop thief!
JURY. Q.Do not you think it is a long forty yards from your shop to the corner? A. I think it is about that.
COURT. Q. Why did not you take any steps to take the man? A. It is a dangerous place, I might have been knocked down - I saw no one about; my life would not have been safe - if there had been any Policemen about I would have tried to have stopped him, but it would have been madness without; I think it was between two and three o'clock - there were two or three men round the gig; I knew them by sight - the first thing I saw was the man who took the bundle made some remark to the gentleman in the gig, as it stood at the Two Brewers - the streetkeeper was going by, and he ran past me; he watched the street-keeper past, and then went and took the bundle - he passed me, and ran down George-yard.
JURY. Q. Was the gig in Brick-lane or Wentworth-street? A. The horse's head was towards Brick-lane, and the chaise in Wentworth-street - he took the bundle from behind the chaise, and ran; Hall's husband is a carpenter.


                  EMMA 
                  BATEMAN
               



            . My husband is a porter. I saw the robbery committed as I was passing through Wentworth-street - the gig was in the road, and I was on the pathway - there was one gentleman in the gig, and another had hold of the horse; there was an attempt made at the robbery first, and the man was foiled in it, as the beadle was coming down the street - the prisoner is not the man; I should know the man if I saw him again - I cannot say whether the man who made the first attempt took the bundle: I had not seen that person - I know the prisoner; if he had been the man I should have known him directly - I was about six yards from the man who took it; he ran up George-street - I do not think the headle observed the robbery.
COURT. Q. Did he not come out of George-street again? A. I did not see him - he walked gently when he took it; the gentleman called Stop that man! or Stop thief! I do not know which; I did not observe the man look round - I did not see any one go into No. 55, Wentworth-street; I do not know which is 55 - the man who took the bundle had got as far as the City of Norwich public-house when the gentleman missed it, and called out; I lodge in Montague-street.
Prisoner. When Healy came to my room he brought another man with him, and asked if I was the man - he said No, and they went away.


                  DAVID 
                  HEALY
               



            . A person named Hughes went with me, and Kingston waited at the door - Hughes did not know the man at all; I went and asked Kingston to describe him, and he did - while I was talking to him the prisoner came down, and he said that was the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
