





1100. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TOOMEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Kiser
                  




               
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  KISER
               



            . I am the wife of John Kiser - we live in George-street, Commercial-road


 - I am a laundress. On the 10th of March the prisoner came to my house, and while he was there a woman brought in some things, which she had been mangling; she put them in a chair, and the prisoner sat down on them - he rustled about a good deal, and I wanted to know what he was about; I put him out of the chair, and when he was gone I missed this handkerchief, which should have been among the things, but I had not seen it in the chair - I went to the prisoner's father, and told him; the prisoner came to my house, and said he knew nothing at all about it, but he afterwards brought the duplicate - I went and got it out of pawn; this is it - I got it by means of the duplicate he gave me; it was one I had washed, and my husband is answerable for it.
Prisoner. She said she would give me 6d. if I went and got the duplicate. Witness. He asked me 6d., and I gave it him.


                  MARY 
                  SAMWOYS
               



            . I am the wife of John Samwoys. I took the things which I had mangled to Mrs. Kiser's; this handkerchief was among them - I did not go in, nor see the prisoner; the handkerchief was marked 
               J.K. 
            - I took them home on the Saturday.
Prisoner's Defence. There was a little girl in thehouse; she knocked at the door, and said, "My mother is gone out - will you let me come and have some tea with you?" she sat down to tea, and I came away.
MRS. KISER. It was pawned in High-street, Poplar - the prisoner said he had not pawned it, nor had he the duplicate - he had given it to a girl who was with him, and he gave her 6d.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLAYTON
               



             (Police-constable K 138.) I took the prisoner in Cross-street, Commercial-road.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
