




1899. 



HENRY SETON
 and 




WILLIAM PATON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
25th of July, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 



William Thomas Thirkel.






WILLIAM THOMAS THIRKEL
. I am a milkman. I was at Lee races on the 24th of July, between five and six o'clock—I was near the stand—I did not feel any thing, but Langtley told me something—I then missed my handkerchief—I had seen the prisoners about half an hour before—I saw Vickers take my handkerchief from Paton, and Seton was by his side—this is it—I had not pulled it off my neck above an hour.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you any mark on it? A. No—this took place at Eltham, but they arre called Lee races—the handkerchief was in my outside pocket—I had put it into my pocket in another field.

Paton. Q. Where did you see us half an hour before? A. I saw you by yourself in another field, walking about near the grand stand.





EDWARD LANGLEY
 (police-constable L 148.) I was on duty, and saw the prisoners in company about ten minutes or quarter of an hour before—I saw them go behind the prosecutor, and by the motion of his arm, I thought Seton took something from him—I went to the prosecutor, who said he had lost his handkerchief—I followed them, and took Seton, and my fellow constable took Paton, and said he had got the handkerchief.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you find any thing on Seton? A. No; I thought I saw him take something, but I could not see what it was.

COURT. Q. Might he have taken a handkerchief, and you not see it? A. Yes.





GEORGE VICKERS
. I saw the prisoners in company together—I noticed them—they went close behind the prosecutor—Seton was nearest to him—when they moved away we followed them—I took Paton, and in his left hand pocket I found this handkerchief—I took it out, and the prosecutor said it was his, and there were some dismond sports on it.

Paton's Defence. I was having some beer with my brother—he went home to Chiselhurst, about the time the prosecutor says he saw me—I was coming home, and by chance I saw this handkerchief by the prosecutor's feet—I took it, and walked away with it—my fellow prisoner asked what I had got—I said a handkerchief, and the officer came, and took us.

PATON—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

SETON—


NOT GUILTY
.
