



423. 




JOSEPH HOWARD
 was indicted

 for feloniously offering, uttering, disposing of, and putting off, a certain forged note, purporting to be a note of the 

Governor and Company of the Hank of England, and called a Bank-note, well-knowing the same to be forged.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to defraud 



William Eales.


MESSRS. MAULE, ADOLPHUS, and
BULLOCK
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM EALES
. I keep the Paradise Tavern, in Paradise-street, Rotherhithe. The prisoner came to my house one day—I do not recollect the day—I believe it was the latter end of October, or beginning of November—he came and asked for a pint of gin—I asked if he had a bottle to put it in—he said, "No, you must lend me one"—I put up the gin in a bottle for him, and he tendered me a £ note—be had it in his hand, and laid it down for me, and asked me to change it—I asked him who it was for—he said, "For Mr. Jackson"—knowing there were many Mr. Jacksons, I asked him what Mr. Jackson—he said, "For Dr. Jackson just above here"—there is a surgeon and apothecary there—I held the note to the light, and saw there was a water-mark in the paper—he thought I was rather scrupulous about it, and said, "You need not be afraid, it is all right, it is for Dr. Jackson"—I then gave him four sovereigns, and silver,. and halfpence—the gin came to 1s. 4d.—I do not know whether I gave him half a sovereign—he went away, and I saw no more of him—I marked the note "Jackson," and put it away—I put the name on the note while the prisoner was there, while my wife went up stairs for the change—this is the note—(looking at one)—I saw the prisoner in custody four or five weeks after—I never saw him again till then—I am sure he is the man—I have not the slightest doubt of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. How long was he with you? A. I suppose four or five minutes, not more—it was more than two or three minutes, because my wife had to go up for change—I had never seen him before.

Q. Is there not another Mr. Jackson besides the one you speak of? A. Not in the neighbourhood—there is no other a little way off, that I know of—he told me Dr. Jackson was a customer of mine, which was the case.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did he say "Dr. Jackson here above?" A. Yes, and pointed to where he lived.

COURT. Q. What time was it? A. Between seven and eight o'clock in the evening—I had the gas lighted—he had a hat on—he was close to me—he leant on the bar while I was waiting for the change.





JOHN JACKSON
. I am a medical-man, and live at No. 66, Paradise-street, Rotherhithe, which is about 100 yards from Mr. Bales, in the same street. I know Mr. Eales—I do not know the prisoner—I never saw him,

to my knowledge, till he was in custody—I did not at any time send him to Mr. Eales for change, nor for gin.

Cross-examined. Q. Is there not another gentleman of your profession and name? A. Not in our neighbourhood—not within a mile—there is one in Bermondsey—he resides more than a mile from Mr. Eales's home.





ELIZABETH BARRETT
. I am the wife of William Barrett, who keeps the Green Man, in Featherstone-street, City-road. I remember the prisoner coming to our house on the 29th of October, in the middle of the day;—I should think it was about a quarter to two o'clock in the afternoon—he asked me for a pint of gin for Mr. Watson, No. 7, over the way, and the loan of a pot to put it in—Mr. Watson lives at No. 7, James-street, over the way, and is occasionally a customer—we lent him the pot, gave him the gin, and he tendered this £5 note in payment—he laid it down on the counter, and I said, "Oh, dear me, have not you any thing smaller than this?"—the gin came to 1s. 4d.—he said it was for Mr. Watson over the way—I gave him the change then without hesitation—I put the note immediately into a small canvas bag, and put the bag into a drawer in my counter—there was no other note in the bag—next morning when I found I could not get my pot back, it aroused my thoughts, and I took the note out of the bag—I had not marked it—I sent to Mr. Watson's for the pot three different times, but did not get-it—my husband then went over and came back without it—while he was gone I looked at the note, and thought it looked thick paper—I went up stairs and compared it with another, and in the meantime my husband came home, and Mr. Watson with him—they each examined the note—it was marked then, and it had a mark when I took it—there is "Williamson" written on it, and that was on it when I took it—when my husband looked at it, he did not mark it again—we sent it to a neighbour to ask what he thought of it—it was brought back by the maid-servant, who took it—my husband then took it to the Bank, and left it there—this is the note—(looking at one)—I examined it carefully.

COURT. Q. How do you know it? A. By the name—I know the writing, Williamson, on it, and the figures—I observed the word Williamson on it while the prisoner was at the bar, before I put it into the bag.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite confident that this was on the 29th of October? A. Quite—I never stated that it was on any other day—I said I thought it was the 8th of November, but when I went home I referred to my ledger, and found it was a mistake—the 5th of November was the same day of the week as the 29th of October—I had never seen the prisoner before—I recognize the note by the name of Williamson on it, and there is 2—2 and 37—I observed that the same day, before I put in to the bag.

Q. Were you so certain that if you had been asked you could have said there was 2 2 37 on it, without your seeing the note? A. Yes—I particularly observed it—I had a particular reason for making the observation—I was asked if Watson's name was on it, and I said "Yes," mistaking Williamson for Watson.





CAROLINE PARKER
. I am bar-maid to Mr. Barrett. My mistress gave me a note to take to Mr. Whitehouse the day after it was taken—I was in the bar-parlour when it was taken—I delivered it to Mrs. Whitehouse—it was not a moment out of my possession till I gave it to Mrs. Whitehouse—I gave her the same note as mistress gave to me—Mrs. Whitehouse took it up

stairs—she returned it to me again—I took it back to mistress, and delivered it to her.

Cross-examined. Q. What time what this? A. About eleven o'clock in the morning.





MARGARET WHITEHOUSE
. I am the wife of Mr. Whitehouse, a grocer, living at No. 81, Featherstone-street, City-road. I remember receiving a note from Caroline Parker—I do not remember the date—it was in the forenoon—I took the note up stain to my husband, and brought it down, and gave it to Parker again—it was the same note as I took up—I observed the note myself, and should know it again, I think—I observed that the date was done very badly—I cannot say what the date was—I also observed that it had a signature which I had not seen before, and I could not make it out—(looking at a note)—this is the note—it is exactly like it—many notes come through my hands—I did not lose sight of it when I give it to my husband.





WILLIAM BARRETT
. I am the husband of Elizabeth Barrett. I was in tht adjoining room when the note was given to my wife—I did not see it given—next day I received it from my wife to look at, after I had been to Mr. Watson's about the pot—Mr. Watson returned with me to look at the note—I received it from my wife, and took it to the Bank—Mr. Wilson and I both examined it, and the figures were irregular, some were rather bigger than the others—I should know it again, for there is the name of Williamson on the back, and a kind of splash with a pen—this it the note—(looking at it)—I marked it at the Bank—I put my own name on it, and find it here now, and the name of Williamson, which I took particular notice of, and 2 2 37—I noticed that directly I came from Mr. Watson's—I left it at the Bank.





WILLIAM GEORGE WATSON
. I am a watch gilder, and live at No. 7, James-street, Old-street. I do not know the prisoner—I never saw him to my knowledge till I saw him at the police-office—I never sent him to get any gin or change for a £ note—I saw a £5 note at Barrett's, and should know it again, by the name of Williamson on the back, and the badness of the plate altogether—this is the note—(looking at one.)

Cross-examined. Q. I presume there are several persons of your name? A. There is a Watson a bookseller in the City-road, about five minutes' walk from my house, and there is another Watson, but not in the same street-there is no other Watson in the same street.





ROBERT PALLETT
. I am landlord of the Cock and Bottle in Cannon-street, City. The prisoner came to my house on Monday evening, the 2nd of October, between eight and nine o'clock, and asked for change for a £5 note—I hesitated, being busy—several customers were standing at the counter, and I think I served one customer—he said "If you can change the note I will take half a pint of gin"—he had half a pint of gin, and I gave him change for the note, four sovereigns, and the rest in silver and copper—the gin came to eight-pence—he brought a bottle for it—when I gave him the change, being busy, I handed him pen and ink on the counter, and asked him to mark the note—he wrote the name of William Smith, No. 13, Walbrook on it—there was another name on it, below that—(looking at a note)—this is the note—I threw it down on the table in the bar parlour, and before I put it into the drawer I wrote the name myself, which he wrote, "Smith, Walbrook"—I afterwards made inquiry at 13, Walbrook, but could find no William Smith there, neither lodger nor housekeeper.


Cross-examined. Q. Your hand-writing is on the front of the note A. Yes—this was on the 2nd of October, in the evening—it was Club-day at our house, and there were a great many people there—I can positive swear the prisoner is the man that wrote William Smith on the note—I was busy at the time, but I can identify him—I had a very strong gaslight, and had him full in view—I gave evidence at Lambeth-street.





ELLEN SHAND
. I am a widow, and carry on business as a baker, it 21, Little Knight-rider-street, Doctors' Commons. The prisoner came to my shop on the 25th of September, between seven and eight o'clock a the evening—I had the gas lighted—I am positive he is the man—he asked for one shilling's worth of biscuits, for Dr. Burnaby—I put the biscuits up, and he laid me down a £10 note to pay for them—I gave him the biscuits in a bag—I had not sufficient change, but a customer came in, and made up the change, and I gave it to him—he went away without the change at first, but came back again, and said Dr. Burnaby had no change, that a parcel was waiting to be paid for, and I must let him have as much as I could, and the rest to-morrow—while he was away I received the money and I gave him the whole change—he gave me the note, and I wrote on it immediately Dr. Burnaby's name, and the date—my daughter Caroline was present—I should know the note again—(looking at one)—this is it—I wrote on it immediately.

Cross-examined. Q. This was six months ago—had you ever seen him before? A. Not to my knowledge, nor did I see him again, to my knowledge, till he was at the office.

MR. MAULE. Q. Had he his hat on? A. No—he was dressed in dark clothes—Dr. Burnaby is a neighbour of mine.





CAROLINE SHAND
. I am the daughter of the last witness. I remember her giving change of the £10 note to the prisoner—I know him again—I am quite sure he is the person who gave me the note.

DR. BURNABY. I live in Doctors' Commons. I do not know the prisoner, except from seeing him at the police-office—I never employed him to buy biscuits for me, nor to change a £10 note.





JOSHUA FREEMAN
. I am inspector of Bank-notes to the Bank of England—(examining the notes)—this £10 note uttered to Mrs. Shand is forged in paper, plate, and signature—this £5 note uttered to Barrett, is also forged in paper, plate, and signature—this £5 note uttered to Pallett, is also forged in every respect; also this uttered to Eales, in paper plate, and signature.

COURT. Q. Have you looked at them, to be able to tell if they are from the same plate? A. Very carefully—I looked at all three of the £5 notes, and have not a doubt that they are all from the same plate—they are all dated the 20th of February—they have different signatures, but I should say they are the same hand writing—the numbers are different, but they are printed afterwards—(note read)—No. 76,829, £5, dated 20th of February, 1836. Signed, F. Twiss.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

