






2450. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     GREEN
                  





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of October

, 1 book, value 2s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Duncombe
                  



               
            .
JOHN DUNCOMBE. I live at St. Giles in the Fields



. On the 4th of October I lost a book from my window, which was open; the book stood about two feet in my shop - I do not know whether I was at home at the time; I went up to the Magistrate with another case, and he asked if I hadlost anything else, and he said he had another man in custody, from whom a duplicate had been taken, and it was for my book.


                  JAMES 
                  TRAIL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a book, pawned on the 4th of October; I cannot say by whom - but this is the duplicate of it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I and a friend were coming down Holborn, very much in liquor, he said, "I have a book in pawn, I bought it for a 1s.;" and I said I would bind it in sheep for him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.
2451. 
               
                  DAVID 
                  GREEN
               



             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of October

, 3 books, value 1s. 9d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Aschon
                  



               
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BRITTAN
               



            . I am errand-boy to Mr. John Aschon; he lives in Chancery-lane



, and is a bookseller
. On Saturday night, the 6th of October, I was sitting in the shop, and heard a noise as if some person was taking books; I looked, and saw three books were missing from one corner - I went out and saw the prisoner running; I called Stop thief! and charged him with taking the books; he said he had not got them - he had thrown them down an area; I stopped by him, and gave him in charge.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me take the books? A. No; you were running off.


                  GEORGE 
                  BOULTON
               



             (Police-constable F 100). I took the prisoner and found another book on him.


                  MARY 
                  ANN CLARK
               



            . I live in Chancery-lane. I was going out, heard a cry of Stop, thief! and saw the prisoner running, and throw the books behind him - I heard the books fall; I took them up - there was nothing else.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking down Chancery-lane very fast; I passed the shop, and the lad run out and said, "Give me them three books;" I said, "What books?" I kept on walking, and at the corner of Southamptonbuildings he gave me in charge; in going back he said,"These are the books;" I had never seen them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
