





1369. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GARDNER
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the-dwelling house of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Marklew
                     



                  , on the 27th of July
, at St. Bennet, Gracechurch


-and stealing therein 6 spoons, value 30s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 10s.; 1 sovereign; 1 shilling; and 6 pence, the goods and monies of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Brittain
                     



.
EDWARD MARKLEW. I kept the White Lion, in Talbot-court, Gracechurch-street





, but I have left it - it is in the parish of St. Bennet, and was my dwelling-house - on the evening of the 26th of July, the prisoner came to my house, to ask for a bed - I questioned him about his character, and where he had been - he said he had been assisting at the fire in Friday-street, and could not get a bed - I let him have one, in my garret - he went out about ten o'clock in the morning - he paid for the bed the night before - soon after, we found a box, in the next room, had been broken open, the spoons and money, and sugar-tongs taken away - I directly went to the White Horse, in Friday-street, and found he had been assisting there, at a fire - I took him in Westminster, on the Thursday following, where he had gone to enlist for a soldier - I asked what he had done with the property - he said he broke the spoons up, and sold them at two different shops, and spent the money - I lost, all together, five tea-spoons, a table-spoon, and sugar-tongs - the room door was shut with a latch, I understood.
MARY BRITTAIN. I lived at the house. I shut the room the trunk was in, about half-past six o'clock in the morning, when I got up - I slept in the room - I am sure I shut the door after me - it was all safe when I left the room - I went to the room between ten and eleven o'clock, and discovered the lock wrenched off the box - the trunk and property was all mine.


                  CHARLES 
                  WORLEY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 28thof July, the prisoner came to my house, and bought a watch- he offered me two or three pieces of silver, which I took in part payment - this is the silver.


                  JAMES 
                  TELFER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I produce five spoons, which the prisoner sold to me, on Monday, the 28th of July - I asked whose they were - he said they were his own.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was turned out of doors, through my mother-in-law, which is the reason of my distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
