





1091. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     TOPPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of May
, 1 coat, value 4l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Andrews
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I belong to a brewery in Liquorpond-street. I had left my chaise at the door of the Jolly Gardeners


, with two coats in it: I was in the house about an hour, when I heard one coat was lost; I have never seen it since; I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  SEWARD
               



            . I am a publican. Andrews was at my house on the 12th of May - I went to the door to see if the horse and gig were safe; it was safe, and I took a great coat and threw it over the horses' loins - the prisoner was there, and knew me; he said, "Master, I have been watching this horse and gig, and suppose when the gentlemen come they will stand something;" he asked me to drink, which I refused - he came to the bar, had a glass of gin, and went out; Moore gave me information - I ran with him in search of the prisoner, but could not find him - he was taken at ten o'clock that evening.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MOORE
               



            . I live next door to Seward. On the 12th of May I was in my shop, and saw the prisoner opposite my window; he had come down the street with two women - he left them, and went over to the horse and chaise; I knew him, and watched him - I saw him take the coat off the horses' back, and put it on his own back: he took another coat from the chaise, put it on the horse, and then walked away; I told Mr. Seward of it - we went after him, but could not find him; I have known him these two years.


                  GEORGE 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I was called by Moore to take the prisoner at the Southampton Arms, Tottenham-court-road - he said he knew nothing of the coat; I found 11s. 9d. on him.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, declaring that he had not touched the coat.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
