






1522. 



HENRY OVERALL
 and 



JAMES GLASS
 were indicted for

 feloniously and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Edward Wentworth, about the hour of ten in the night of the 
23rd of May, it
 St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, with latent to steal, and stealing therein 37 hearth-rugs, value 30l.; and 6 keys, value 2s.; the goods of the said Edward Wentworth: and 




CATHERINE BURRELL
 and 



ANN CLARK



for feloniously receiving the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen, as aforesaid.—2nd COUNT, for receiving of a certain evil-disposed person.






WILLIAM ROWLAND
 (police-constable H 120.) In consequence of information, I went to No. 20, Rose-lane, Spitalfields, on Sunday, the 24th of May, to the back room on the first floor, in company with Arnold—I found the door locked—I pushed it, and found the four prisoners playing at cards, and a quantity of hearth-rugs piled up to the top of the bedstead—I asked if they knew any thing of those hearth-rugs—they said they knew nothing about them—they appeared quite alarmed—I looked over the rugs, and found some keys on them, between the rugs and the chain—I inquired if they knew any thing of the keys—they said they knew nothing about it—the rugs were piled on the top of the bedstead, and the keys between them—there was nobody there besides the prisoners.

Cross-examined by Mr. PAYNE. Q. You said they appeared alarmed? A. Yes; when I went into the room, they all jumped up, and I saw their countenances change—I had my police dress on—I went up stairs quietly, and opened the door suddenly—I gave them no notice of my coming.





JAMES HARNDEN
 (police-constable H 28.) I accompanied Rowland to the room, and assisted in taking the prisoners to the station-house—it was a large room—Rowland asked the questions at to their being in their possession—I did not discern one voice in particular—they appeared to be unanimous that none of them knew any thing about it.





ELIZABETH NEVILLE
. I am the wife of Thomas Neville, and live at No. 20, Rose-lane, Spitalfields—he is a bedstead-maker. Overall and Burrell came to the house, and took the room, in which the prisoners were all afterwards apprehended—they took it of me eight or nine days before—about half-past twelve, or a quarter before one o'clock, on the night they were apprehended, a truck drew up to the door—I thought it had come to the bedstead-maker's opposite, till a voice in the passage said, "Harry Jones, why

the b—h—, don't you take care of your work, and not leave it with me till this late hour?'—footsteps came down, and he said, "Take'it up stairs,—mistress what is o'clock?"—I said past twelve—he said, "Take it up stairs, and I will go and drive the b—truck home"—I saw nobody, and cannot say how many footsteps I heard—I heard some in the passage—I heard something thrown down—I understood it was wood—I heard something taken up stairs into the one pair back room—I heard something shot in the passage, but I did not see it—it appeared very heavy—it was done all at once, in one shoot—the steps appeared to come from the one pair back room, and that door shut—I could hear what was taken up went into that room—as I sat in my front kitchen, it sounded to me so—it could not go into any other room—between six and seven that evening, a young man came to my house, and inquired for Jones—I said I did not know whether such a person lived in the room, as I did not know their names—I sent a young woman to make inquiry if a person was there of the name of Jones—I heard a man's voice answer to the name of Jones, out of the one pair back room—I heard him say, "Halloo, it is all right"—I cannot say whose voice it was—the person who inquired for Jones went up into Ovanll's room, I suppose, but 1 did not see him—I know he went up stairs.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where is your kitchen? A. It is a lower front kitchen in front of the street—I let no other furnished room but the one-pair back room—I heard the man speak from the one pair back, while 1 was in the kitchen—I cannot tell how many persons there were in the house that night, because I take in lodgers every night—there were three or four in the front room, and three up stain in the top front room—it might be one of those who made the answer—I do not know who came down when the things were brought in the truck—the person answered to the name of Jones.





SARAH BELBIN
. I am the wife of Michael Belbin, a pensioner at Chelsea Hospital. I live in Neville's house—I was left in care of the kitchen, while Neville and his wife went out to market, just upon tea o'clock that night, and while I was there, I saw the two female prisoners go out with a bundle just as the clock struck ten—it seemed a long bundle—they went out three times—the last time was at half-past eleven—I went up stairs the last time, while they were absent, to see that nothing was taken out—I found the door padlocked and a candle in the room—I could see the light through the top of the door.





EDWARD CORDER
. I am an upholsterer, and live at No. 20, Rose-lane in the next room to the prisoners Overall and Burrell, in the front room first floor. On Saturday night at half-past twelve, or a little before one o'clock, a truck came to the door—I was up in my room at the time—the prisoner Glass brought the truck to the door—I saw him myself bring it, and stop with it—he called out to Jones, (which is Overall,)" Henry Jones, why the b—h—don't you come down and look to your work? and I will take the truck home; "upon that Overall and the two female prisoners went down to assist the goods up—they were thrown into the passage—I saw all three go out of the room, and go down stairs—they brought the goods up into the back room which Overall and Burrell occupied, and then Glass took home the truck—he returned in about twenty minutes, and they all went up into the room and closed the door.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What are you? A. A journey man upholsterer. I have lodged in the house ten months—I was up in

my room on the first floor, with the window open, looking out, when Glass brought the truck—I continued looking out at intervals, till it was gone—I then went to my room door, and saw the prisoners coming up stairs with the things—the house was not shut up—there was a light in the window directly opposite—there was a light in the prisoner's room, and in the window below, so that I could see—they brought up carpeting or rugs—I could not tell which—I suspected something was not right at the moment—I thought such a quantity of goods could not belong to one working man—I did not see the two women and the man in the street—I have not sworn that they came to the truck, to my knowledge—I have worked for master about ten months, off and on, when work calls me—I was in employ at the time this happened, and had been so for seven or eight months, with Childs and Bywater.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. At what time did you leave work that night? A. I was out and in all the evening—I suppose I left work between six and seven—I went out in the evening and came in at eleven—nobody was with me—I am quite positive of Glass—he might be at the door ten minutes or a quarter of an hour with the truck.





RORERT LAWSON
. I am clerk to Edward Wentworth, who is a floorcloth manufacturer, and lives in Whitechapel-road—he occupies the whole house there; part of it stands in Whitechapel parish and part in Bethnal-green—the rugs were kept in that part of it which is in St. Matthew, Bethnalgreen—I missed some rugs on Monday morning, about nine o'clock—the keys were missing—they must have got into the house to get the keys, as I saw them safe the last thing on Saturday night, about nine o'clock—three doors were found open—they were not broken—they had been unbolted—I had left them bolted—I do not sleep in the house, Mr. Wentworth does—the outer gate was open, and two large sliding doors, which lead into the inner warehouse, were slid back—I examined the doors on the Saturday night; they then all appeared fast—I went to the premises at half-past seven on Monday morning—the prosecutor did not know the premises had been entered till he found it out with me; the premises are so extensive—there are various ways in which they might be entered without breaking any doors, hut they must be opened—Overall had been in Mr. Wentworth's employ about twelve months, and quitted, without any notice, on the 18th—I have since seen twenty-seven hearth rugs—we missed thirty-nine—I saw a quantity of rugs safe a few minutes before I left on Saturday night.





HENRY LIEBRECHT
. I am shopman to Attenborough and Burgess, pawnbrokers, in Shoreditch. I produce a hearth-rug, pawned on Saturday the 23rd of May, between ten and eleven o'clock at night (to the best of my recollection) for 5s.—to the best of my belief, the prisoner Burrell pawned it—I am not positive—I have a little recollection of seeing her that night—I have not seen the duplicate I gave the person.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen her before? A. Not to my recollection—we were very busy—to the best of my belief she is the woman.





JAMES ARNOLD
. I produce the twenty-four rugs, which I found in the room.





ROBERT LAWSON

re-examined. I have looked them all over at the tation-house—they belong to Mr. Wentworth.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Have you any mark on them? A. Yes, my own mark—it is impossible for me to say whether they were all safe on Saturday—I missed from twenty to thirty—that was my first guess—I missed thirty-nine on the Monday morning.


Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Do you ever take the mark off, or erase them? A. Never; it is a number and the measure in ink—if the rugs were sold, they would have the number on them—I am positive these have not been sold, because I saw them safe on Saturday night-here is one rug which I saw safe on Saturday night—it was rolled up—I had shown It on Saturday to a customer—it laid with others—I only showed one of this pattern—I am the only person employed to sell goods—Mr. Wentworrh sells in my absence—I will swear he has not sold one of this pattern—: he has not sold this rug, for we never had another of this pattern—all the rugs pass through my hands.

COURT. Q. Did your master ever sell rugs to Overall? A. Never; I have the stock-book here, and if these had been sold, the numbers would have been marked off as sold, which has not been done—the premises are about a mile from where the property was found.

Glass's Defence. I had nowhere to go on Saturday night, and about one o'clock I went and asked Overall to give me a lodging—he said, "Yes," and we all went up to bed without a candle, and laid on the bed tiff daylight.
(The prisoner, Clarke, put in a written defence, stating, that she had not been in the house till one o'clock in the morning, when she went with the prisoner Burrell.)





ELIZABETH NEVILLE

re-examined. I cannot say whether Overall was at home between six and seven o'clock, as I did not go into his room; but I am sure it was a man's voice that answered, It is all right."





EDWARD CORDER
. I got home between six and seven o'clock, but did not remain there ten minutes.
(George Moore, loom-broker, of Hare-street, Bethnal-green; John Watson, weaver, of Hare-street, Bethnal-green, deposed to the good character of Overall: William Devoe, weaver, Castle-street, Shoreditch; Robert Kennister, weaver, Cross-street, Bethnal-green; Joseph Jacobs, grocer, Hope-street, Hackney-road; Abraham Keymey, publican; John Robert, builder, Red-lion-street; and Benjamin Hardiman, weaver, Bethnal-green, to that of the prisoner Burrell:—Franklyn, Skinner-street; John Conder, Nelson-street, Shoreditch; John Paul, Mount-street, Bethnal-green, to that of the prisoner Clark.)

OVERALL—


GUILTY
,

GLASS—


GUILTY
,.
of stealing in a dwelling-house, but not of breakdwelling and entering—



Transported for Life.

BURRELL—


GUILTY



CLARKE—


GUILTY
. 




Confined Six Months.
