



1065. 




JOHN NEVEN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
20th of March, at 
St. Mathew, Bethnal-green, 90 yards of silk, value 16l., the goods of 



Michael Foley; and 1 wooden roller, value 3s., the goods of 



William Hagarty, in the dwelling-house of the said 



Michael Foley.






MICHAEL FOLEY
. I am a silk-weaver, live at 23, West-street, North-street, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green. It is my own house—the prisoner is my nephew—he is a sailor, and visited my family—on the afternoon of the 29th of March, he came with his mother—this silk was in

the loom up stairs on the first floor—I went out at seven o'clock, and came home at a quarter past eight o'clock, and then the silk was gone out of the loom—it was safe at seven o'clock—it had been out out in a clumsy way—it might have been cut with a razor—this is my silk I know it by the mark attached to it—two or three inches remained in the loom, and one cut fitted to the other—I am certain it is my property—it is worth 16l. 10s.





WILLIAM HAGARTY
. I am a silk-weaver, and live with the prosecutor. On the Saturday night I left my work in the loom—I missed it on Sunday night—there was a bit left in the loom, which I have here—I can swear to the silk produced—there are about eighty yards deficient.





MICHAEL JOHN FOLEY
. I am the prosecutor's son the prisoner is my cousin. On the Sunday night in question, he came to our house, and stopped about three quarters of an hour or an hour down stairs—he asked me for a razor—I told him where it was—he took a cord off the line, and put it into his pocket, and went up stairs—he told me not to come after him—he asked me if I knew where the lather box was, and I told him—he went away about eight o'clock—i did not see him go out.





JANE BRODERICK
. I came into the prosecutor's house to play with the children and saw the prisoner there—I heard him ask where the razors were—the little boy said up stairs—he went up, and came down in about three quarters of an hour, and took a cord off the line—he sent me to my father's for the shaving-box—when I got two or three doors down, he sent a little boy after me—I came back, and looked through the keyhole and saw him come down with a light, and saw him put it on the table—we knocked at the door, and he said, "Who is there?"—we said, "It is an"—he was four or five minutes before he opened the street-door—I did not not see him go away—he did not shave himself—the little boy said to him, "I have mixed up the lather"—he said, "Never mind, I did not want it now."





GEORGE MASON
. I am a policeman. I went to the prosecutor's house and examined the premises—I found he had lost the silk—I saw the window partly open where it might have been put out, and saw footmarks under the window—we went to look for the prisoner, and found him—he said he knew nothing about it—I took him to the station-house, and searched him,—I found 15s. on him, which he said mother gave him—the prosecutor said his mother gave him but one sixpence, and he had given that to his uncle—he could not deny it—this was two hours after the robbery—after securing him, I went after a girl of the town whom he cohabits with, and asked her for a piece of silk which had been made a present to her for a dress—she denied it: but at last she told me where it was, and I found it at a coffee-shop in the road, and by her information I found fifty-six yards at a public house kept by one Reynolds.





MARY YOUNG
. I keep a coffee-shop. A young woman came into my house between seven and eight o'clock in the evening—i bad never seen her in company with the prisoner—she left some silk at my place till she returned again—the policeman found it at my house.





SAMUEL RICE
. I am a police-inspector. From information I received from the girl who has been mentioned, I ascertained that fifty-six yards of the silk were left at a house in Whitechapelshe took me on the Monday morning, and pointed out the Horns, in Whitechapel—i asked Mr. Reynolds, the landlord, for the silk, and he produced it—I compared it with a pattern of what was found at the coffee-shop, and matched.





JAMES THOMAS REYNOLDS
. On Sunday evening, the 20th of March. three young men came into my house—they had not been there long before one of them went out—the others inquired if they could have beds at the house—I said they were all engaged the prisoner is the one who went out—one of them had a bundle on the bar. I said, "Take your bundle

with you"—"they said, "It is all right; we are coming back in five minutes—i to bed at twelve o'clock—they never came for the bundle—I gave it to the policeman next morning—the prisoner was gone out when they left the bundle; but they all three came in together.





ADAM SANDERS
. I am a policeman. On Monday morning, the 21st of March, 1 found the roller behind some unfinished houses about three hundred yards from the prosecutor's, in Hare-street-fields.





JANE BRODEBICK

re-examined The prisoner did not go out at the door that I know of—he was standing at the door—i went there about seven o'clock—I saw nobody there but the prisoner—we could not tell how he got out.




GUILTY. Aged 18—Recommended to mercy by the prosecutor.


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
