






371. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WEBB
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December

, 1 half-sovereign, 4 shillings, and 6 halfpence
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sealby
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SEALBY
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
, and live in William-street, Marylebone



. I never saw the prisoner till the evening of the 14th of December, when he came into my shop, about half-past four o'clock; he asked the weight of a north Wiltshire cheese: I told him 6 lbs. or 7 lbs. - he ordered it to be sent to No. 70, Wimpole-street, with change for a sovereign; the cheese came to 5s. 9d. - I put it up, and sent a boy with it, and the change; he brought the cheese back, but not the change - I have never had the sovereign.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Was it dusk? A. Yes; I had no other customer in the shop - I gave the boy a half-sovereign and 4s. 3d.; I saw the prisoner again on the 18th - I could not be mistaken in him.


                  FREDERICK 
                  KING
               



            . I took the cheese, the half-sovereign, and 4s. 3d. to No. 70, Wimpole-street; I was athome when the prisoner ordered it - when I got there I went down the area steps; the servant took the cheese, and the bill up to her master - she came down, and said it was not ordered there; I took it back, and met the prisoner in Queen Anne-street - he said he had given a wrong number, that he had been to my master's, and given him the sovereign, that I was to give him the change, and take the cheese to No. 7 - I gave him the change, and went with the cheese, but there was no No. 7; I then went home - my master said the prisoner had not been there; I am certain he is the person.
Cross-examined. Q. You had never seen him before that day? A. No, but I am certain he is the person - I did not swear to his coat, and say the other man had a coat of this sort on.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOOKER
               



             (Police-constable D 3). I took the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
372. THOMAS WEBB was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December

, 2 shoes, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hall
                  



               
            .
WILLIAM HALL. I am a shoemaker
, and live in South-street, Manchester-square



. On the 17th of December the prisoner came and asked to try on some pumps; I showed him several pairs, but had none to fit him - he then fixed on a pair of light shoes, and ordered me to send them to No. 10, Dorset-place, to the name of Cooper; I sent my man with them: he came back without them.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Are you sure he is the person? A. Yes.


                  EDWARD 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I live with the prosecutor; I was sent with the shoes: I followed the prisoner to the corner of Manchester-street, and South-street - he then turned round, and said to me, "Does not your master keep Spanish leather Wellington boots?" I said Yes; he said,"I was at your shop just now, and intended to have a pair, but I did not give it a thought; give me the shoes, go back, and bring a pair or two of boots to my house, and I will pay you for the shoes" - I said I would take the shoes back with me; he said, "No, give me the shoes, and bring the boots, as I am going out of town shortly" -I gave him the shoes, and ran back to my master, who sent me in search of him; I went to the address he had given, and there was no such person known - I am sure he is the person; I was not to have parted with the shoes without the money.
Prisoner's Defence. They swear to me by my having a great coat on.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for 7 Years longer
            .
There were two other indictments against the prisoner of a similar nature.
