





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
943. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARKE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of May
, 1 shilling and 5 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Melville
               




            .


                  ELLEN 
                  BORTHWICK
               



            . I am housekeeper to Alexander Melville, of Shoe-lane


, baker
. About three o'clock on the afternoon of the 23rd of May, I was in the room behind the shop, and observed the prisoner leaning across the counter, with his hand in the till - the door was open - I had looked into the till about two minutes before - there was then some silver in it, and some sixpences - the prisoner walked out of the shop - I went out into the street, and called "Stop thief" - he then ran up Shoe-lane, and was brought back - I looked into the till, and there was no money left in it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long before he came in, had you seen the till? A. About two minutes - I was then serving a customer - there was nobody in the shop when he came in - I cannot say how much money was in the till - I know there were some sixpences, and one shilling - I cannot say whether there was more than one sixpence - I think there was more than one - but I cannot say how many.
Q. Did not you tell his Lordship, you could not say there was more than one sixpence in the till? A. Yes; I said there was a sixpence and a shilling - there was more than one sixpence - if I said "sixpences," I made a mistake - there was a sixpence, and a shilling - I cannot say how much money there was - I think there were two sixpences - I am sure there were two, for I was at the till two or three minutes before - I had no mark on the money in the till - two minutes before, when a customer came in, I served him with half-a-quartern loaf - he paid me sixpence, and I gave him twopence - there were two sixpences in the till - I was in the back-room at the time the prisoner came in - the door was open - it was day light but the back-room is dark - he could not see into the back-room, it is only lighted from the shop - there is a small window in it - I cannot say how many windows there are - I have lived in the house about three years- there are four windows in the room, it is a parlour - they do not look into the street - I was busy at the time, and was walking about - the prisoner walked out, and then ran - I said at Guildhall that he ran into Shoe-lane, out of the shop - he walked out of the shop, and ran up the lane - I saw him searched - more than I lost was found on him - I am accountable for the money in the till, in master's absence.
ALEXANDER MELVILLE. I live in Shoe-lane - the last witness is my servant - I had given change for a shilling a few minutes before and put it in the till - there was more silver in the till at the time - there were sixpences, but what number I cannot say - there was more than one - I went out, and when I came in the prisoner was in custody in the shop - he put his hand in his pocket, and took out one shilling and five sixpences, and laid them on the counter, and said that was all he had taken out of the till - the officer searched him and found 15s. more on him - I believe that was out of a different pocket, but I did not particularly observe, as my shop was full of people - he said that was his own money.
Cross-examined. Q. How much did he take out and say that was all he had taken out of the till? A. One shilling and five sixpences - I am sure there were five sixpences.
ELLEN BORTHWICK re-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you not tell me at all events there was no more than two sixpences in the till? A. Yes, as near as I can recollect it was two - I accounted for the second sixpence by receiving it for a loaf - there might have been more than two sixpences in the till.
COURT. Q. Have you an accurate recollection how many sixpences there were? A. No: I recollect seeing two, and that is all I noticed - I had not taken any sixpence from the till, shortly before.


                  THOMAS 
                  HODSON
               



            . I live in Elliot's-court, in the Old Bailey - I was in Shoe-lane, and saw the prisoner running towards Holborn, about three o'clock in the afternoon - I heard a cry of "Stop thief" - I ran out of the shop, and saw the prisoner running - one or two attempted to stop him, he got from them, but I got hold of him and held him - an officer came up and took him into custody - I fell down, he scuffled to get from me, but I held the skirt of his coat.
Cross-examined. Q. Was he at all tipsy? A. I did not notice that he was - he did not appear tipsy at all, to me - I did not see him searched.


                  JOHN 
                  BUDDUR
               



            . I am an officer of St. Bride's - I took charge of the prisoner and took him back to the prosecutor'sshop - he chucked down five sixpences and one shilling, and said, "I took that out of the b-till, and that is all" - I said, "Have you any more property?" - he said, "No"- I said, "I must search you then" - he chucked 15s. out of another pocket and said, "That is all."
Cross-examined. Q. Were you at Guildhall? A. Yes: the girl was there - I heard her examined - she did not swear particularly that there was only 1s. 6d. in the till, she swore there were sixpences and a shilling - she swore to a shilling and a sixpence being in the till, and she said there was other silver in it, there was a shilling and sixpence, and a new sixpence.
ELLEN BORTHWICK re-examined. I told Mr. Alderman Laurie there were sixpences in the till.
Q. Your deposition says, "I saw the till five minutes before - there was then silver in it, I am sure there was a sixpence" - what do you mean by saying there were two? A. I said sixpences - what I swore was read over to me - I said there were sixpences.
(
               
                  Charles 
                  Cookson
               



            , gentleman, 19, Clarendon-street, Lisson-grove; and 
               
                  John 
                  Palmer
               



            , book-binder and stationer, Earl-street, Lisson-grove, gave the prisoner a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . - Aged 23. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
