





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
18. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of November
, 1 piece of silk, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 4d.; 1 bunch of keys, value 18d.; 1 crown, and 7d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Miller
                        



                     
                  ; 1 watch, value 10s., and 1 locket, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Noakes
                        



.


                  RICHARD 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am clerk to a solicitor
 in Clifford's Inn. On the 22d of November I was removing from Old Compton-stree


t to High Holborn, in the evening; these articles were all in a silk bag, on the table in my room in Compton-street - I saw it all secure about seven o'clock, while the van was at the door; my wife was to have carried the bag - I had a man named Smith to assist me to carry some things; he was not strong enough, and I went and got the prisoner (who is I believe a coach cad) to assist him - we missed the bag about twenty minutes past seven o'clock; I made inquiries but could not find it; the next morning I saw the prisoner, and asked him if he had got the bag; he said he had not, and had not seen it- I was not satisfied, and took him into custody.


                  THOMAS 
                  EASTBROOK
               



            . I am a publican. I have known the prisoner six or seven years - he is a hackney-coachman
 - he brought a bag to my house on Thursday evening, and asked my wife to take care of it for him; it was about nine o'clock in the evening - it laid on the table about twenty minutes, and then my wife locked it in a cupboard - I heard the next morning that the prisoner was locked up; I went to the watch-house to ascertain what he was locked up for - he winked at me; I said he need not wink at me, if he had brought stolen goods to my house he must suffer for it: I took the officer to my house, and my wife gave him the same bag.


                  CHARLES 
                  DEWING
               



            . I am an officer. I received this bag - the watch and locket belong to Ann Noakes.


                  RICHARD 
                  MILLER
               



            . This is the bag and the property, except a crown-piece, which is gone from it.
Prisoner's Defence. The bag was given to me - I took it there for security till the next morning; I did not open it, nor know what was in it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
