





842. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LOCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of March
, 1 piece of timber, called shoring, value 12s.
            , the goods of our Lord the 
               
King



            .
2nd COUNT, stating it to be the property of the Right Hon. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Lowther
                  



               
            , commonly called Viscount
 Lowther, 
               
                  
                     William Dacres 
                     Adams
                  



               
            , Esq
. and 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Dawking
                  



               
            , Esq
.
3rd COUNT, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Oxley
                  



               
            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  WALLER
               



            . On the 11th of March I saw the prisoner go into the ruins at the bottom of Southampton-street


, between twelve and one o'clock, and take a piece of timber used to shore up the house; he took it as far as Great Queen-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields - the officer stopped him with it; we questioned him, and he said Mr. Oxley, the foreman, gave it to him - then he said a woman bought some timber, and gave him this to sell for beer, and then he said a man named Charles gave it to her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I stopped the prisoner near one o'clock; I asked where he was going - he said to Mr. Cubitt's; on our way to the watch-house he said Mr. Oxley gave it to him, and then he said a lady had bought some timber, and was to give him some beer, but did not, and he was going to sell it for her.
WILLIAM OXLEY. I am employed in taking care of the property. This piece of wood belonged to the Commissioners of Woods and Forests; it was in my care - the prisoner was working there.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STANILAND
               



            . Lord Lowther is one of the Commissioners of Woods and Forests
.
Prisoner's Defence. This man was selling some of the wood; he gave several pieces of timber away, and he said"This is the only piece without an owner, you may have it if you like," and it is my opinion that as soon as I was gone Charles sent the person to take me - if I am to die this minute, this is the truth; Oxley knows the person to whom he sold the last two lots of fire-wood.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OXLEY
               



            . This is a new piece kept on purpose to shore up the adjoining house; it is thirteen feet long - it was put there by Mr. Baker six months ago.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
