




1444. 




WILLIAM DAVIS
 and 




JOHN SHORT
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
24th of April, 7 pairs of half-boots, value 2l. 14s., the goods of 



John Andrew Cotton; and that they had both been before convicted of felony.






JOHN ANDREW COTTON
. I am a boot-maker, and live in Hackney-road. On Tuesday afternoon, the 24th of April, in consequence of information, I examined my shelves, and missed seven pairs of Blucher boots—I had seen the prisoners about my shop that evening—I gave information, but the boots have not been found—I have lost about 10l. worth.





BRIDGET HART
. I keep a fruit-stall opposite the prosecutor's shop. On the 24th of April I saw the prisoners pass his shop two or three times—the third time, Davis went in and brought some Blucher boots out, and they both walked away together with them.

Davis. Q. How long was I in the shop? A. Not half a minute—I did not say at the office that I saw you pass four or five times after the robbery—I saw you go past after, when I gave information.





HENRY LAMBERT
 (police-sergeant N 2.) On the 4th of May, in consequence of information, I went after the two prisoners—I met them together, and took them.






WILLIAM FITZGERALD
. I was with Lambert, and took Short to the station-house.

Davis's Defence. I was walking along Hackney-road—the policeman came and said he wanted me, on a charge of stealing some Blucher boots—I said I knew nothing about them—he took me to the prosecutor's shop, and asked if I and the other prisoner were the persons who had robbed him—he said he did not know; but from the woman's description he thought we were—the woman was fetched in, and stated that we were the persons—the woman said she saw us on the 24th, and that I went in and took some boots, and that since the robbery she saw us pass four or five times, but had not an opportunity of giving us into custody—she said that she went in, and gave the prosecutor information, and he ran out without bis hat, and he said he was not at home—to that you see their evidence does not agree.





JOHN VALE
 (City police-constable No. 65.) I produce a certificate of Davis's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's, office—(read)—he is the person.





WILLIAM THOMPSON
. I produce a certificate from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner Short is the man who was then convicted—he had six months in the House of Correction.

DAVIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

SHORT—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.




Transported for fourteen years.
