



28. 




JOHN JONES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of November 2 breast-pins and chain, value 12s., the goods of 



George Humby, from his person.






GEORGE HUMBY
. I live in New North-street, Red Lion-square. About three or four o'clock on the 9th of November, I was Uodgate-hill, standing with a friend, looking at the procession, and just as the Lord Mayor's carriage passed, the prisoner, who had been standing by the side of my friend for ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, all on a sudden brushed by, when the crowd turned after the carriage, and at the moment I lost my pins—I had a fall-down stock, and two pins attached to each other, with a gold chain—one had a diamond in it—was in the fall-down part of the stock—the prisoner put his hand underneath my chain, so that I could not see him do it, but it was snatched by somebody—It was not fastened round my neck—by taking hold of the chain, he could draw out both pins.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you stare before the Magistrate that you could not tell how it was extracted? A. Yes; I had seen it safe just before the crowd began to move—I was on the pavement—It was not very much crowded—we were standing with our backs to the shutters of a shop—there were two or three persons on my left, my friend on the right, and the prisoner next—there were person before me, with their backs to me, and no persons behind—nothing was found on the prisoner—he was seized within a yards of the spot—the whole occurred within a minute—he objected to he taken as a thief, and said he would go quietly—he was desirous of being searched on the spot—that of course we did not do—It was from ten minutes to a quarter of an hour before we got a constable, but we had him in hold—there were two or three persons on my left—there was a general cry of "Search him, and if he has not got it, let him go"—he did not attempt to escape—he endeavoured to unloose my hand.





JOHN M'MAHON DU PASQUIER
. I live at Craven-street, Strand, I was with the prosecutor.—I observed the prisoner pushing by me—I had seen him near me about a quarter of an hour before, and had noticed him to my friend—I pushed him back which he did not resent—he

pushed by me again, and got before me, and passed me—put his hand under my friend's face, and with the other hand pulled out the pins—I saw him do it—I am certain he is the man—I saw it in his hand—I then said to my friend, "He has taken your pin, "and collared him—there was no pin found on him—we did not search him at the time—he might have dropped. it, or conveyed it to some one else without my seeing it.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw this done? A. Yes—I cannot be mistaken—the pavement was not very crowded—the procession was going by—I did not the officer—I first collared him, and then my fried came up, and he remained still in my sight, and we pulled him nearly to the bottom of Uodgate-hill, and then gave him to the officer—he said, "Don't pull me about like a thief"—he said he was ready to be examined any where.





WILLIAM HOWELL
. I am an officer. The prisoner was given into my custody—I searched him, and found a duplicate, but no pin.

JURY
to
MR. DU PASQUIER. Q. In what situation was the prisoner when you saw him take the pin from the breast? A. My friend was on my right, and the prisoner on my left, pushing by him in the front, and drew his hand down out of the way—I swear I saw the pin drawn out of the neck-cloth, and in his hand afterwards.

Cross-examined. Q. About how many persons where there on the spot? A. I cannot say; there were a good many.

COURT. Q. Upon the closest reflection are you able to swear that he is the person who took the pin? A. I have not the least doubt about it.





JAMES MATHEWS
. I am the officer. I took the prisoner, and gave him to Howell.
(Thomas Ridley. broad silk-weaver, Bethnal-green; Henry Hill, of Artillery-street, a baker; and Lewis Colum, a general dealer, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
