






657. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BAKER
                  





               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WEBB
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of January
, 3 account-books, value 2l. 13s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Boylon
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  WREAKS
               



            . I serve in the shop of Mr. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Boylon
               



            , a stationer
, in Little Moorfields


 - I have seen Baker there several times; he used to buy articles there. On the 23rd of January, in the afternoon, he came into the shop, and asked to look at some prints in the window, which he did - he then looked at some quills; he said they were very good, and their governor used a great many, but they did not want any then - he then asked to look at some account-books; he said they were very good, and if I would allow him he would choese out three to go to Mr. Baker, the lawyer, No. 7, Finsbury-circus - he asked if I could send them; I said Yes - he went out of the shop, then returned, and said he would send a light-porter for them; Webb afterwards came, and said he had called for the three books, which their young man had chosen out for Mr. Baker, the lawyer, No. 7, Finsbury-circus - I was going to pack them up, but he said I need not be particular, as Mr. Baker was waiting in the office, and the other young man would call and tell me if they would do; he then went out with them - Evans followed him, and I was sent for in about ten minutes - these are the books.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EVANS
               



            . I live in Union-street, Little Moorfields, and am a carpenter. I saw Webb go from the shop- he went down Short-street, across Moorfields, and then into the Circus, where he joined the other prisoner - they began to run; they passed No. 7, and went on - I then called assistance, and took Webb; Baker was taken by the street-keeper - I know No. 7; no Mr. Baker lives there.


                  PETER 
                  KELLY
               



            . I was in the enclosure of the Circus when Mr. Evans came into West-street; he beckoned to - me, and pointed to the two persons who were on before-I opened the gate, and went with him; we followed them till they had passed No. 7, and gone on to the Institution; he then said it was high time to take them - I have beenemployed in that Circus eleven years; no Mr. Baker, a lawyer, lives there.


                  JAMES 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am an officer. I took charge of Webb and these books.


                  THOMAS 
                  SEAL
               



            . I am an officer. I secured Baker, and took him in charge.
COURT to ANN WREAKS. Q. When you parted with these books did you intend that the prisoner should have the property, or was it merely to take it to Mr. Baker? A. He was to take it to Mr. Baker, to see if it would suit him; it was to be a ready money transaction, and I was to allow him so much for each book - they were not sold on credit, or sold to either of the prisoners; Baker said he would give me a good order, and recommend the shop.
Webb's Defence. I was going along Finsbury-pavement, when a man came and said, "I will give you 1s. to go to Little Moorfields for three account-books, to go to No. 7, Finsbury-circus; I will meet you at the end of the Circus."
BAKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
WEBB - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
