



1775. 




ANN WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of July, at 
St. Botolph-without, Aldersgate, 1 gown, value 2l. 10s.; 1 frock, 1l. 10s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 bonnet, value 1l.; 1 boa, value 1l. 1 shawl, value 12s.; 2 aprons, value 1s.; and 4 caps, value 2s.; the goods of 



Mary Price: 1 necklace, value 14s.; 1 shawl, value 8s.; 4 hand-kerchiefs, value 5s.; 3 stockings, value 1s.; 16 sovereigns, 1 and 3 half-crowns; the goods and monies of 



Sarah Capey, her mistress, in her dwelling-house.







SARAH CAPEY
. I am a widow, and keep the house, No. 62, Aldersgate-street, in the parish of St. Botolph-without, Aldersgate. The prisoner has been in my service about eleven days, in consequence of the illness of my other servant—on Sunday, July 22, I went out about one o'clock, and returned about half-past eight—I was informed she was not at home—I went up to her bed-room, and found the servant's box broken open, and her things apparently gone—I went immediately to my bed, room, and found my bureau broken open, and missed sixteen sovereigns, a half—sovereign, and 12s. 6d. in silver, a necklace, a pocket-handkerchief, and shawl—the prisoner was brought home with some of the articles, on The Monday.





MARY ROTHERHAM
. I am in the employ of Mrs. Capey. I left the house on the 22nd of July, about ten minutes before six o'clock is the evening—the prisoner was then in the house alone—I came back at twenty minutes after seven o'clock, and found the door shut—I could not get in—I opened the window, and put a little girl in at the window—she opened the door—I found nobody in the house—I afterwards went into the servant's room, and noticed her things in great disorder, but missed nothing—Mrs. Capey slept in the room where the bureau was.





MARY PRICE
. I am servant to Mrs. Capey. I was taken ill, and the prisoner supplied my place—on the following morning I came there, and found my box broken open, and missed the property stated—these things are mine—(looking at them.)





THOMAS JAMES FRANCIS
. I am foreman to Mrs. Capey. I was sent for on the Sunday night, and found a pair of tongs, which fitted the marks where the box was broken open-in consequence of information I received, I went to Colnbrook, in Buckinghamshire, and, in a Mrs. Baker's house there, found a bundle containing the articles I have produced, and at the Green Man public-house I found the boa—the prisoner was not present when I found the bundle.





JAMES CHADWELL
. I am a constable of Iver. I apprehended the prisoner in the road, between Iver and Uxbridge, sixteen or seventeen miles from town, going towards Uxbridge, on Monday, between two and three o'clock—she was alone—she had on a black silk gown, which I have produced a red handkerchief, and a white straw bonnet—I said, "I believe you have some property about you besides what you have on"—she said, "Yes, I have," and she directly pulled 7l. 10s. in gold from her bosom, and gave it to me—she said she hoped Hedges would not be hurt, for she committed the robbery herself—she said she had spent the rest of the money.





THOMAS PINK
. I traced the prisoner to Colnbrook, and found her in custody there-Francis produced the bundle to me—I found a coral necklace on her neck—she acknowledged to me that she had taken sixteen sovereigns, a half—sovereign, and three half-crowns, from Mrs. Capey, and that the 7l. 10s. produced by Chadwell was what remained—the other she had spent.
(The prisoner put in a paper stating it was her first offence.)

T. J. FRANCIS
re-examined. I have known the prisoner four years by her father and mother working for Mrs. Capey, who is a shoe manufacturer, as well as a haberdasher—the prisoner applied for shoe-binding, and I gave her work—she always did the work very regularly-her father

lives in Cloth-fair-Hedges is a man in the country, who the father said was her husband, but I find she is not married to him—I saw him at Colnbrook.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.
