



1233. 




ELIZA ANDERSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of April, 4 sovereigns, 1 shilling, and 1 sixpence; the monies of 



Shaik Khadei Buksh.






SHAIK KHADEI BUKSH
 (through an interpreter.) I am a native of Bombay, lately arrived from Bengal, I have been in London between nine and ten months—I know the name of the street where I met her—it was opposite a church—I went with her to a house in a street adjoining—I gave her 1s., and I had one shilling, one sixpence, and four sovereigns left, which she saw when I gave her the shilling—my money was bound up in a bit of paper she had an opportunity of seeing the paper and the money, and

saw me do it up again after I gave her the shilling—I went to had, and fell asleep directly—she had a key in her pocket, and got up and locked the door—we both laid down—she did not pull off any of her clothes—I put my waistcoat with the money in it under the pillow—when I awoke, about six o'clock in the morning, I saw a man sitting by the fire, in company with the prisoner—they were both smoking—I asked the prisoner, in my own language, who that man was—she said it was only a poor fellow come to warm himself—I lifted up the pillow, took my waistcoat, looked in the pocket, and the money was gone—I had 5d. in copper—which was left in the pocket—I asked her in my own language where my money was gone—she said she had not seen any of my money but the shilling I gave her—while I was talking to her, she got up from the fire and ran out, and the man too—she same back in about half an hour—I have never got my money.

Prisoner. I never touched his money—he wanted to behave in an indecent manner, not fit to describe—I would not let him—he got a knife, and said he would stick it into me—he ill-used me most dreadfully—I screamed, "Murder"—the man came and broke the door open. Witness. I did not strike her, nor use any knife, nor see any knife.





MARY BUSH
. I lodge in Wentworth-street, Whitechapel, in the adjoining room to the prisoner. I recollect seeing the prosecutor in the prisoner's room, on a Wednesday—it might be about seven o'clock—the prisoner and the other man were in the room smoking—I had not seen him there before—the prosecutor said, "Give me any money", and held up his finger to her—the other man came out of the room, and I was going down stairs—the other man said to me, "Is the Lascar in the room?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "We have just drawn him", meaning that they had robbed him—the prisoner was sitting against the door, and the door open—I saw the man stoop down, but I did not see what he picked up—the man went out of doors—I did not see the prisoner of out—I saw her there again—the Lascar said he had been robbed—I said it was a pity he should be robbed, and told him to fetch a policeman—my husband was with me in the house, but I do not know that he heard it.

Prisoner. I sat down by the fire-place, and when he used me so ill I said, "Get an officer". Witness. I heard no disturbance in the house but his asking her for the money.





THOS. COOPER
 (police-constable H 82.) On the 13th of April I saw the Lascer at the door No. 100, Wentworth-street—he had his hands across, and the tears running down his cheeks—Bush and several more were standing round a step.—Bush said he had been robbed up-stairs—I asked him as well as I could if he had been robbed—he pointed to me that he had been robbed from his pocket—I asked him if he could point out the woman—he said he could, and took me to the prisoner—bush said, "It is a scandalous shame to rob the poor fellow; and now he says if you will give him two sovereigns he will be satisfied. and you won't give him that"—the prisoner burst out crying, and said, "I have not got the money; Bob has"—there were no sings of her having been beaten—Bush's husband has been in the prosecutor's country, and she understands a little of their language.





MARY BUSH

re-examined. I heard the Lascar say that if she would give him two sovereigns he would let her off, and she said she had not got it, Bob had got it.

Prisoner. I never saw the money—only the shilling which he gave me




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
