



336. 




MARY BRYANT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of November, 1 purse, value 1s.; 12 sovereigns, and 2 half-sovereigns, the property of 



Thomas Byers, her master, in his dwelling-house.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





CATHERINE BYERS
. I am the wife of Thomas Byers, who keeps the Life Guardsman public-house, at Knightsbridge. The prisoner came into our service on Monday, the 11th of November, and left last Saturday week, when the policeman took her away—she was to have 9l. a year—we had her character from the Licensed Victuallers' Protection Society—she came on Monday, and asked my leave on the Friday or Monday after to go and fetch her clothes, as when she came she brought nothing but what she had on, except an old bonnet box—she returned the same evening in a cab, and brought a new trunk—on the Saturday after I heard my husband had lost some money, and I said to her, "Mary, your master has lost his purse, have you seen it?"—she said, "I have seen master give change"—I said, "When did he give change?"—she said, "In the parlour"—I said, "To whom did he give change?"—she said she did not recollect whether it was in the parlour or at the bar, but she had not seen it since—on the Saturday she was given into custody—that was three weeks after she came to the house—I saw her box when she was searched—she was present, and threw the things out of the box herself—she came to a piece of paper among the things, she rubbed it up in her hand, and the policeman said, "What is this? I must know"—she said it was a piece of wedding-cake—he took it out of her hand with great difficulty, and when he had undone it, it turned out to be a sovereign and a half—there was a pair of new boots on the table—she persisted in it that she had never bought any thing since she came to our house—I said, "Mary, there is a new pair of boots, and I saw yon with a new pair on"—she said, "Did you, ma'am, I had them before 1 come to your place."

Prisoner. Q. Did I ask you for any money when I came to your house? A. I advanced you a shilling—I said it is usual for my servants to pay for things at the bar as they have them, and if you have no money I must advance it for you—she said nothing to that—she never paid me the 1s.—when she was going out she had a bundle in her hand, and said, "This is a gown I was obliged to borrow, I am going to take it back."





THOMAS BYERS
. I keep the house—the prisoner was in our service. On the 14th of November, about eleven o'clock at night, I went up to bed—I took my coat and waistcoat into my bed-room—I hung them over the end of the French bedstead—in my waistcoat-pocket there was a scarlet silk purse, with thirteen sovereigns in gold, and there might be half-a-sovereign—I missed the purse on the 16th, the Saturday following—Mrs. Byers getting up first, I always consider she takes my money and locks it up—so on the 15th when I got up, I thought nothing of its not being

there, but on the Saturday I wanted change for some cheques, and found the purse and money had been stolen—I searched my pockets, and all round the bed-room—I did not wear the same coat and waistcoat again—I found the coat and waistcoat on the 16th in a drawer, where I keep my clothes, folded up and put away.

COURT. Q. Then you never wore the waistcoat after putting it on the bed? A. I did not wear it on the 15th or 16th—our house is very much frequented by Guardsmen—it was my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Margaret, Westminster.





CATHERINE BYERS

re-examined. I did not take the purse out of my husband's waistcoat-pocket, and did not know it was gone—the bed-room is on the first-floor, at the back of the house.





THOMAS BYERS

re-examined. I keep three servants, one girl, a pot-boy, and an odd man to run errands—I lock my bed-room door night and day—I am very particular about it—it was opened for the prisoner to make the bed—she was the only one that had access to it—I had only a nine or ten days' character with the prisoner, from the Skinners' Arms, Clerkenwell, but they had had a nine months' character.





JOHN LEWIS
. I am Mr. Byers' odd man. On the Saturday after the prisoner was engaged, she gave me a sovereign to get change for her—she took it out of her apron-pocket—I got her change at the bar, and next week she applied to me to do the same thing—I got her change for another sovereign, and I got change for half-a-sovereign for her the following week—she told me her grandmother had left her 50l.

Prisoner. Q. What did I say to you? A. To get change, and you would pay for half-a-pint of gin for me—the gin was brought into the tap-room, and I helped to drink it—she told me her grandmother in Ireland bad left her 50l., and said, "I will not spend it all yet, but we will have a spree, Jack, before it is done"—she did not tell me she wanted the change for a parlour customer.

Prisoner. It was merely said as a joke about the fortune.





SOPHIA GRUMBY
. I live in Green-street, Theobald's-road. I have known the prisoner between four and five years—she had lived with a publican in the same street with me—the last time I saw her was in Hyde-park fair, till she came to me last Monday four weeks, and sent my grand-daughter up to ask me to go with her to buy a few things—I went with her to Mr. Frith's, in Lamb's Conduit-street, and she purchased a cloak, two gown-pieces, two bed gowns, a merino gown, and thirteen yards of calico for shifts, and 12 yards which was a remnant—she spent between 3l. and 4l., I reckon, and paid in gold—I had never seen her with so much money before, and I reproved her, and asked her where she got it—she said her master had advanced her a quarter's wages, and somebody else had lent her 2l.—she took the gold from a red or maroon purse—it was a silk one—after that I went with her to Mr. Denham's, in Theobald's-road, to buy a bonnet—she paid 14s. for it—I could not see whether she paid for it in gold or silver, and she bought a trunk in Theobald's-road for 7s.—I should know the trunk again—this is it—(looking at it)—here are some of the things in it, which she bought that day—all this passed that morning.





SARAH STRINGER
. I live at the school-house at Knightsbridge. I know Mr. Byers—while the prisoner was in his service she came to me, three weeks ago last Thursday, and asked me to go with her to buy a pair of boots—she went to a shop very near Sloane-street, and bought a pair for

4s. 6d.—she changed a sovereign—the week after I went with her to Mr. Harvey's, the linen-draper, at the corner of Sloane-street, and bought three aprons for 3s. 3d.—she paid a sovereign for them—I went with her the same evening to buy some caps and several articles, which came to 15s. 5d.—she paid for them in silver—on the Saturday I went with her to the same shop, to buy a pair of stays for 11s.—she changed a sovereign to pay for them—she said her parents, who were living in Iceland when they were alive, had left her the money—these are the boots and the apron she bought.

MRS. BYERS
re-examined. These are the boots she said she had bought before she came to our service.





SARAH SPEEDY
. I live at No. 117, Cromer-street, Brunswick-square, with my brother. On the 22nd of May the prisoner came into his service, and staid about four months, or four months and a week—when she came she had no money—my sister advanced her money after she had been there two days to buy clothes, for she had scarcely any thing to wear, we were ashamed to see her, and I have given her clothes—when she left, 7s. were due to her.





RICHARD HILL
 (police-constable T 134.) In consequence of information I received I went to Mr. Byers's house last Saturday week—Mr. Byers said he had lost a quantity of money, and on account of the prisoner's buying a quantity of things, he suspected her—she said she was innocent, and had not taken the money, that she had bought no new clothing since she had been there, and she had got nothing but what she worked hard for—Mr. Byers said Lewis had changed money for her—she denied it—Lewis was called in, and and he had changed two sovereigns and a half for her—I went up stairs with her and Mrs. Byers, and examined this large trunk—the prisoner took the things out—they were nearly all new clothes—I noticed something in her hand—I wanted to take it from her, and she. said it was nothing but a bit of wedding cake—I got it from her, and found two sovereigns and a half wrapped up in paper—when the things were found in her box she said she had bought them of a tallyman, at No. 6, Field-lane, Holborn, and her friends had given their word for her—I have been to No. 8, Field-lane, and there is no tallyman living there.

Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent of the charge.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.
