



468. 




DANIEL CONNOR
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
18th of January, 4 printed books, value 7s., goods of 



Jacob Russell.






JAMES BRICKDALE
. I am shopman to Jacob Russell, a pawnbroker, at Holborn-bars. On the 18th January, my attention was called to some books, and I missed four. I ran up a court near the premises, and met the prisoner half-way up. I followed him out, called a policeman and gave him in charge—I found only two books at first—there were two more concealed in a corner of the court—they were found in three-quarters of an hour.

Prisoner. Q. Did you I tell you I had no property? A. You did; you did not ask if I had missed any property—I said I did not know what I missed—two of the books were found just on the step of the court—they had been on a dressing-glass—it did not overhang the court, it was within the shop—there were about fifteen books on the shelf—there were so books that a person might brush down on passing—they were safe not five minutes before, I heard the alarm—I did not say before the Majistrate that it was another shopman that was out who knew of these books, and that I only missed one and you found tow—I did not see the books picked up—I did not see you go up the court—there are three young man in our establishment—one of them might have placed them up the court, but I do not think so—we found them after our return from the office—you ware about fifteen yards up the court.





WILLIAM KNELL
. I lodge at No. 11, Furnival's-inn-court, and am a shoemaker. I was passing Mr. Russell's shop, and saw the prisoner snatch at some books that were up against the door, on the frame of a looking-glass—I stopped and called the shopman—I said there was a man had ran up the court with some of his books—the shopman went up the the court, and in a minute the prisoner came down again—I said, "That is the man"—we then went to the shop, and I said to the prisoner, "I saw you take down the books"—the policeman name in a minute and took him—when he snatched at the books, two of them fell down on the step—I followed the prisoner's to the station-house, and he did not drop any thing on the way—I then went home with some work, and in coming back I called at the prosecutor's shop—the shopman and I went up the court, and in a corner, amongst some rubbish which had been swept up there, were these two books—the prisoner had time enough to have gone to that spot, put down the books, and came out again.

Prisoner. Q. Did not the shelf on which the books were overhang the court considerably? A. None whatever—it is between the door and the gateway—I remember a gentleman saying, it was a shame the goods should be so exposed as it was and encouragement for thieves—the glass is about twenty-four or twenty-five inches wide—I was passing at the time. but I stopped for a quarter of a minute, as you almost knocked a pair of boots which I had out of my hand—I saw you take two and drop two—I was in the front of the house at the time—these two books were found about fifteen or twenty yards up the court—I lost sight of you up the court.

COURT. Q. What sized court is this? A. Very narrow—it immediately

adjoins the shop—it is no thoroughfare—I do not know how many houses there are.





WILLIAM LINNEY
 (police-constable G 33.) These are the two books picked up in the court, and these two were on the pavement—it is a small court, no thoroughfare—it is called Baker's-court—the witness Brickdale gave me these two books, and I took the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. Did you say that it was no wonder that I went up that court, as there were bad houses there, and it would have been safer fir me to have gone into one of them? A. If you had had time.





JAMES BRICKDALE
. I picked up these two books just going into the court, on the step.





WILLIAM KNELL
. These two books are what wee found in the court,

Prisoner Defence. I came up Gray's-inn-lane. I had occasion to go up the court—I knew it was not a thoroughfare—I was not more than half a minute—when I came out the witness said. "This is the man"—I said, "What is the matter?—he said I had taken some property, and produced two books—I went in—he said, "If you have got any thing of ours, give it up"—I asked him to search me—they declined it—I was taken to the station-house—I know nothing of it—I have been the greater part of my life in the revenue department in the country, and the excise. 


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.
