



1482. 




MARY WATSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
2nd of June, 1 shirt, value 2s. the goods of 



Michael King, from his person.






MICHAEL KING
. I am a labourer. On the 2nd of June I fell in with the prisoner, on the road at Islington—there was another woman with her—it was between eleven and twelve o'clock at night—I had been drinking, but was not drunk—I treated these women with some gin—I went into one public-house with them in Barnsbury-street—very close to the public-house, they pulled me about, got me down on the ground, and got this shirt out of my pocket, and a few shillings in money—I had put it into my left side trowsers pocket—I took it out, and put it into my coat pocket, behind—I lost about 2s., which was taken out of my pocket when I was on the ground—they did not keep me down many minutes—I had a bundle in my coat pocket, containing a shirt—they took that away—one woman went away—the prisoner remained with me—I went after the other, because I asked the prisoner where the shirt was, and she said the other had got it—I went to her—she said the prisoner had it—I came back, and found her, and Otto accused her of stealing the shirt, and told the constable—the shirt was found on her—she denied having it to the officer.





THOMAS PETHERIDGE
. I was the policeman. A lad called me up, and told me a female had taken a parcel out of a man's pocket—I went back with him, and met the prisoner—we all three went across to the prisoner,

and he accused her of taking a parcel from his pocket—she denied it, and said she had not got it—I said, "Let me see," and found it under her shawl, under her arm—she then said, "I was only keeping it for him."





WILLIAM HUDSON OTTO
. A little before twelve o'clock I went to the Rainbow for half a pint of beer, and the prosecutor was treating two women with some gin-and-water—then they had some gin, and then he went out over by the chapel—the two women followed him, and the prisoner took something from his pocket, but I do not know what it was—I got the policeman, liceman, and then it was found on her.





MICHAEL KING

re-examined. I do not know whether this is my shirt—I had not had it in my possession above a quarter of an hour—I did not know either of these women before.

Prisoner's Defence. He had another female with him, and he asked me to go in and have some gin—I went in, and then I came out, and the woman gave me this parcel—I did not know what it was—I was speaking to Otto, and he continued with me till the prosecutor went away with the girl, and then he came back and asked me for the bundle—I said the woman gate it me—I did not take it from him.




GUILTY
.* Aged 39.—


Transported for Ten Years.
