



1273. 




EDWIN BELLAMY
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving, on the 
12th of April, 10 stereotype plates, value 20s.; and 170lbs. weight well knowing the same to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. CHAMBERS. conducted the prosecution.





GEORGE HENRY DAVIDSON
 I live in Tudor-street, Blackfriars, and am a printer and stereotype founder. A person named Dinnage was in my employ—previous to the 12th of April I suspected I was being robbed—I missed such metal as we use for the manufacturing of stereotype plates—about the 17th of April I went to Mr. Pavyer's—I there saw a quantity of metal, which I recognised as mine—I know these stereotype plates(looking at them) to be mine—I had never sold or disposed of them at all.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long had know Dinnage? A. A very few weeks—he was taken up and charged with stealing this property—I took the prisoner and a man of the name of Jones—I have been in prison to see Dinnage once since Bellamy was committed—I went with Mr. Hobler's clerk the beginning of this week—I do not think I have spoken to Dinnage on this subject except except in prison.





HENRY JONES
. I live in Little Whites-alley, Fetter-lane. I recollect going to Mr. Pavyer with some metal, which I took from Bellamy—he gave me two shillings for taking it, and I was to sell it at Mr. Pavyer's—but previous to that I took a sample to Mr. Pavyer's, which I had from Bellamy—Mr. Pavyer offered me 18s. a cwt, for the metal, and in consequence of what took place between me and him, I took some metal to him—Bellamy directed me ask a guinea a cwt, for it—I agreed with Mr. pavyer, and then I went back to Bellamy, and said, "Will you take 18s.

a cwt?"—he said, "No;" he had given 13s. 4d. for it—I was after taken up by Brand, and told him who I brought it from.

Cross-examined. Q. You were taken up for having stolen it? A. suppose they thought I might have stolen it—I did not ask Brand what took me for—he came and asked me whether I had got a hammer—I not find out he was an officer, till I got to Guildhall—he told me he to me about some metal which was sold to Mr. Pavyer—he did not tell a it was what I was suspected of stealing—he asked me on the Tuesday I had had any metal—of course I was taken on suspicion of stealing and being taken up I accused the prisoner—I had the metal to sell Easter Monday.





BENJAMIN PAVYER
. I am a type and stereotype founder, but I do stereotype on my own premises—Mr. Davidson stereotypes for me—I live at No. 13, Bartholomew-close. Jones brought two bags to my premise containing metal for sale, but previous to that he brought a sample as agreed for price—this is the metal he brought—(looking at it)—I was to give a guinea a cwt. for it—in consequence of that I saw Mr. Davidson.





WILLIAM BRAND
. I am a City officer. I took Jones into custody, as in consequence of information I got from him, I went to the prisoner place of business in Fleet-lane—I saw him there, and asked if he had any transactions in metal with a man named Jones—he hesitated a moment or two, and then he said he had—I asked how he became possessed of the metal—he said he had bought it in his shop—I asked him if he had borough it in the bulk, or by parts—he said he bought it by pieces; and the said he bought it in a lump of a man who worked upon the premises—I no premises were mentioned—I told him he must go with me to the place where the metal was, and see Jones—I took him to Mr. Pavyer's when Jones was, and then Jones said he had received it of Mr. Bellamy—then went to Mr. Davidson's, and took Bellamy into the melting department, where there were two men at work—Bellamy said there was one man of the two that he believed was the man he had the metal of—that man turned out to be Dinnage, and by putting another dress on him, we made him more certain of him—I apprehended Dinnage—Bellamy said his face, "This is the man"—I took him into custody—I have the metal which I got from Mr. Pavyer.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not Bellamy tell you he thought he should know the man again? A. He said he thought he should—I said he must go with us and we would show him some persons—when he got to the premises, he said, "I think that is the man by his voice, bat he is in another dress," and when he put on his right dress, he said, "That is the man, but Dinnage seemed to bold his face the reverse way, so that Bellamy could not so well identify him—when I told Dinnage he was charged with stealing the property, he denied it, and said he knew nothing about it—but he said so very faintly.





JAMES DINNAGE
 (a prisoner.) I went into Mr. Davidson's employ March. I remained six or seven weeks with him—there was metal and metal plates about his premises in the factory where I worked—soon after I entered his employ, I took some metal out of the pot, and some metal plates that had been cast—I took some about the 12th of April to Mr. Bellamy, in Fleet-lane—I had known him eight or ten months—he gave me a penny a pound, which is 9s. 4d. a cwt—I had taken him two brass moulding frames before the 12th of April, and metal a great many times—he

gave me a penny a pound for that—I was taken up on a charge of stealing this metal—I cannot say whether this is what I took on the 12th of April, but it was metal of this description—I used to sell it him in the shop—he has told me, when any one else has been in the shop, to go backwards—he never asked me where I got it, to my knowledge—since I have been in prison, Bellamy has been in prison—we were in the same place when we were in the Compter, and he told me if I would state before the Alderman when I was taken up the next morning, that he gave 16s. a cwt. for it, and say it came from a bankruptcy stock, that he would live my wife 5l., pay her rent, and assist me as much as he could—that he would keep me in prison, and employ counsel on the trial—Jones was resent when he first mentioned this—I told Bellamy I could give him no answer till I had seen my wife—I sent for her, and she came next morning—I spoke to Bellamy, and he said the same as I have stated, in her presence—my wife said, "No, have nothing at all to do with it"

Cross-examined. Q. This was before you went before the Alderman? A. Yes—I was afterwards sworn to tell the whole truth before the Alderman, but did not state this—I did not say a word before the Alderman of Bellamy desiring me not to sell if I saw any one in the shop—I did not think of those two things—I have seen Mr. Davidson in the prison, and another gentleman—I do not know his name—I only saw him once—that was after I went before the Alderman—I remember Brand coming with Bellamy to Mr. Davidson's premises—I tried to hide my face from Bellamy—I did lot hear him say that he knew me by my voice—I put on the dress I have on now, by Brand's desire—I did not hear Bellamy say then that I was the man—I told Brand I did not know any thing about the metal—that was false—before I was in Mr. Davidson's service, I was in the service of Mr. Beckham, a stereotype founder—I took a fancy to some of his metal—he was not my first master—Bellamy did not Know where I lived—I expected to be tried for this—I hope to be saved by giving testimony—I saw Mr. Davidson in prison—he said it would be all in my favour if I told this.

Q. Was anybody present at the conversation you had with Bellamy, but your wife? A. There were others in the room, but I do not suppose they heard it—there were two or three persons, but they were not near me—some of them were by the fire—I was not near the fire—they were perhaps five or six yards from me, when Mr. Bellamy made this communication—Jones took part in the conversation—he heard it—I forgot all this before the Magistrate.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Was it Mr. Hobler's clerk that came to you in prison?' A. Yes—when I was in Mr. Beckham's service, and took metal, I sold it to the prisoner.





CATHERINE DINNAGE
. I am the wife of James Dinnage. I recollect going to the Compter and seeing Bellamy and my husband there—Bellamy said he could not swear to him, and that he was not the man, and I left with the conviction that he said my husband was not the man—on the Saturday I was sent for again, and then Bellamy said he was obliged to say that my husband was the man, and if he would say he gave him so much a cwt. for it, he would give me a sum of money, and assist me as much as he could while my husband was in prison, and pay the rent—5l. was mentioned afterwards.

Cross-examined. Q. You left the Compter under the conviction that Bellamy

said that your husband was not the man? A. Yes—I should think then were eight or ten or a dozen men in the room, but none that I knew—I did not notice whether there were any ladies—these persons were within two or three yards of me—they were walking all about the room—some close and some at a distance.





GEORGE HENRY DAVIDSON

re-examined. I gave 30s. a cwt. for this metal JURY. Q. Are these old or new metals? A. Some are old, and some new—they are mostly what have been rejected as unfit for use, and given to Dinnage to be melted down, but some have not—they must have been taken out of the office.




GUILTY
.* Aged 44.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
