




1122. 




JAMES GRIFFITHS
 and 




JOHN CALLAGHAN



were, indicted for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Eliza Jackson and another, on the 
13th of March, at 
Saint Mary Magdalaene, Bermondsey, and stealing therein 1 sheet, value 1s.; 2 pillow-cases, value 1s. 6d., the goods of the said 



Eliza Jackson; 1 pair of stockings, value 2d.; 1 pair of braces, value 6d.; 7 rugs, value 3s.; 6 pictures, value 3d.; 2 razors, value 1s.; 1 hat, value 4s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; and 1 halfpenny; the goods and monies of 



James Wilson—2nd COUNT, describing it as the dwelling-house of 



William Everett.






ELIZA JACKSON
. I live at No.5, Artillery-place, Bermondsey, Mr. William Everett put me and my brother in to take charge of the premises—he formerly occupied the house, and left it for the purpose of its being pulled down—the house does not belong to him—he was the former tenant—he

pays the rent for it till it comes down for the Rail-road—I have every reason to believe he is not settled with by the Railway Company—my brother works for him as a labouring man, and sleeps in the house as well as myself—on the 30th of March I was sitting in the parlour, about eleven o'clock in the morning, and heard a stamping over my head—it was a singular noise, and lasted for a considerable time, at least an hour—I had not been out during the day, and did not think any body could be in the house—after hearing the bell-wire pulling by my side, and the tea-things rattling, I became alarmed, and was too frigntened to go out immediately—in the course of a short time I saw the two prisoners open the door, and come into the room—when they saw me they retreated—I followed them—they went through the passage to the stair-case—I followed, and got up to them on the stair-case—I instantly caught hold of Griffiths, and said to him, "It is you that have so frightened and alarmed me"—he said nothing to that—Callaghan was in the front, and Griffiths behind him—there are same small stairs leading to the yard, and the oil-cloth was torn—I hit Griffiths, and said." You worthless villian, it is you that alarmed me; I have a sword in the next room; had I known it, I would have run it through you"—both tried to make their escape, one before the other, and they fell to the ground—I then ran to the front of the house, and gave an alarm—Griffiths was coming through a crowd which I had round me, and I caught hold of him by his bosom, and saw he had my pillow-case—Goodman afterwards came to my assistance, and he found out the other prisoner—there were two holes made in the wall, and a brick taken out at a time—the hole was boarded up—it is of an immense size, and would either lead to the stable or the back part of the house—you can get into the house through the wall—it is the wall of a garden—if a person came through the hole, they would first come into the garden—there was, a short time ago, a hole under my kitchen stairs, but that has been blocked up—I found the articles named in the indictment disturbed—some were mine, and some my brother's, who lives with me, and also his wife's.

JURY
Q. How did they get into the house from the garden? A. At the back door—the hole I speak of leads into the court by the side of my house—the pillow-cases are mine, and the sheet.





ROBERT GOODMAN
. I am a private watchman. In consequence of an alarm made by the prosecutrix, I went to her assistance—I did not see either of the prisoner when I first went on the prisoners—I saw Callaghan come from the back wash-house across the garden, and go over the wall in to a gentleman's garden adjoining—I saw a sheet about him, which he dropped—Mr. Jackson took it up—I saw it on Callaghan's person.

Collaghan. If you saw me with the sheet, why not take me? Witness. I saw him with it when he came out of the wash-house—he took it from his bosom, and threw it down—I followed him, and left the sheet—the prosecutrix come in and took the sheet up.





ELIZA JACKSON
. I picked up the sheet.





SOLOMON GARNET
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoners into custody, and took them to the station-house—Griffiths told me he had engaged to go on board a man-of-war, and thought he might as well have a few shillings previous to going.

GRIFFITHS—



GUILTY [Of Stealing only. See original trial image.]. Aged 20.

CALLGHAN—



GUILTY. Aged 17. Of stealing only.—



Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
