





610. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     DESIZA
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, 200 yards of canvas, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ephraim 
                           Levin
                        



                     
                   and another
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gilbert
                  



               
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  MANTLE
               



            . I am carman to Mr. Gilbert, a waggon proprietor

, at Blossoms Inn. I had a bale of canvas in my cart, in Swan-street, Minories


, on the 9th of February - it is a very narrow street; I told the boy in the cart that I would run on to see if the street was clear; I then desired the boy to drive on faster - when he came up to me there was a bale of goods missing from the cart; I ran down the street and saw two or three persons huddled together - I have no knowledge of the prisoner; I only saw the backs of three men, and as I supposed they had the property, I called, Stop thief! I saw the prisoner when he was in custody at the watch-house - I did not notice him before; there was a mob passed me, but I had the bale on my shoulder: I first saw the bale on the pavement, but I do not know who threw it there.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Were there many bales in the cart? A. No, only that one and a box - it was a common car cart; I had seen the bale safe in Mansel-street, at the bottom of Swan-street - I only know the bale by the direction.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What direction was there on it? A."To Mr. Levin, Jewry-street, Aldgate," and I delivered it afterwards to that gentleman.


                  JOHN 
                  LIGHT
               



            . I am a master carman. I was going down Swan-street; I met the cart, with the boy in it, and about the middle of the street I saw the bale; the prisoner and two others were there - the prisoner had his hand on it - I did not see how they got it out of the cart; it was in the road when I first saw it - they pitched it up against the side of a house; one said, "Where is Joe?" the prisoner said, "D-n Joe! give me a tip up with it;" he did not get it up, because a boy came up and said "That it is not all right;" the prisoner then had his hand on the bale - he was near enough to hear what the boy said; the boy said they had taken it out of the cart - when they heard this, the prisoner and the two others ran away; I ran, but they were too light-heeled for me - I afterwards saw the prisoner in custody; he is one of the persons who had his hand on the bale - in the run I lost sight of his face, but not of his back.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever see him before? A. Not to my knowledge; I first saw them throwing it out of the road into the foot-path - the cart was then about ten yards from the bale; it was going on at a full trot - the boy who was in the cart is not here; the prisoner ran about two-thirds of Swan-street - I never lost sight of him; it was about ten minutes past six o'clock, and nearly dark.


                  JAMES 
                  GIBSON
               



            . I heard an alarm of Stop thief! I pursued - coming down Swan-street I saw several persons in the road, and the bale of goods against the wall; I came up to Mr. Light, and knowing him, I said, "What is the matter?" the prisoner was not three yards from him- I said to Mr. Light, "I don't think all is right," and immediately after I heard a boy say No; previous to that I heard some one say, "Give me a lift up" - the boy then said, "I saw them take it out of a cart;" I saw the prisoner with his hand upon it - he was not three yards from me, and must have heard what I heard; he and the two others looked towards the bottom of Swan-street, and seeing the opening they ran off - I am sure the prisoner is the person; I ran after him.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. Not to my knowledge; there were two other persons with the hale, and three in the road.


                  ROBERT 
                  TURLE
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was given in charge to me.


                  EPHRAIM 
                  LEVIN
               



            . I have a partner. This bale of goods was consigned to me and another, and afterwards delivered to me.
Cross-examined. Q. To whom were these goods directed? A. To us; I am the assignee under a commission of bankruptcy.


                  JOHN 
                  MANTLE
               



            . Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Gilbert
               



             is the master of the cart - I had the goods to deliver.
Cross-examined. Q. Is that Mr. Gilbert, of Blossoms-inn? A. Yes; I believe my master has partners - there are a great many names on the carts and vans which come to the yard.
COURT. Q. Who is your master? A. Mr. William Gilbert, and he pays me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
