






78. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SHEPHERD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARTHA 
                     OTTER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of November
, 3 pairs of shoes, value 7s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Dando
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MANSON
               



            . I live with my father, who is a gentleman's servant. I was at Mr. Dando's shop on the evening of the 5th of November; I was at the door, and saw the prisoners come there - they went into the shop, and as they came out Shepherd took one pair of shoes and Otter took two pairs: I caught Shepherd while she was putting them under her shawl, and called to Mr. Dando, but Otter got away.


                  CHARLES 
                  DANDO
               



            . I am master of the shop
. I was called, and took Shepherd who had one pair of shoesunder her shawl - I saw Otter turning a corner; she got away then, but was taken next day.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROGERS
               



             (Police-constable C 138). I took Shepherd, and found on her one pair of shoes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CUNNINGHAM
               



             (Police-constable C 132). I took Otter the next day.


                  EDWIN 
                  SUFFELL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a pair of shoes, which was pawned by Otter on the 5th of November, for 1s. 6d.; she said her name was Mary Store, and that she brought them for her father.


                  JAMES 
                  ALDOUS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a pair of shoes, pawned by Otter on the 5th of November, for her mother, No. 21, St. Ann's-court; I have known her mother two years.
Otter's Defence. Shepherd asked me to go with her and buy a pair of shoes; she told me to wait at the top of the street - she brought two pairs, and told me to pawn them, and bring her the money; she then went, and got another pair, and the man came, and took her - I ran away, and told her mother.
SHEPHERD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
OTTER - GUILTY. Aged 12.



               Judgment Respited
            




.
