





2122. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  GRAVES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of September
, 190 yards of silk warp, value 12l.; 1 weaver's harness, value 10s.; 1 weaver's reed, value 10s.; 1 cane roll, value 3s., and 12 whirlgees, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Evans
                  



               
            .
2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Kindrick
                  



               
            .
3rd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Ballance
                  



               
            .
MR. CHURCHILL conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  KINDRICK
               



            . I am a journeyman weaver
, and live in Princes-court, Tyson-street. On the 12th of September I got a cane of work from Mr. Ballance's warehouse- I took it to the enterer's, Mr. Evans, and left it with Mrs. Evans; there were 190 yards of warp, valued at twelve guineas - the whirlgees I took the next day; the harness and other things might be worth another pound- when I had left the came at Evans', I went to a public-house; I saw William Bennett there, who works for Mr. Ballance - I told him I had left my work at the enterer's, but I did not say where; I only said in Hope-town - I never sent the prisoner to Hope-town for my work; I never saw him till I went to the Magistrate - I have never seen the work since.


                  REBECCA 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am the wife of Charles Evans - we live in Charlotte-street, Hope-town. On the 12th of September Kindrick brought the cane of work to our house, and the next day he brought the other articles; I was to make him a harness, and get it entered by half-past one o'clock, on the 14th, and he was to come for it - at two or half-past two, I was down stairs, and heard a knock at the door; I went up, and saw the prisoner - he said he had come for his father's work, whose name was Kindrick; I asked him what it was - he said one thousand one hundred, three double, on six lambs, and that the reed had come just before noon, which was the time Kindrick had left it - I got the work, asked him again what it was, and he told me again; it was impossible he could have known the right quantity unless he had been told - he took off his hat, and took a handkerchief out; he said that handkerchief would cover it, and that would do - he went away, and took the work with him; Ithought it was his father, as he said - I had never seen the prisoner before, but I took such notice of his person that I am sure he is the same; I described him at the Police-station - I saw him again on the Saturday following, and knew him in a moment.
Prisoner. She gave the description of the dress which Kindrick's son had on. Witness. I saw his son the same night, and if he had been the person I should have known him in a moment.


                  ANN 
                  DUCE
               



            . On the 14th of September, I was standing at my own door, which is next to Evans', and I saw the prisoner knock at her door, and take the work away- I am sure of his person; he passed me twice.


                  HENRY 
                  COTTON
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I knew the prisoner before I took him on this charge; I touched him on the arm, and said, "Tom. I want you;" he asked what for - I said, "For some silk;" he said, "So help me G - d, I know nothing of the robbery;" he had been described to me by our inspector.
Prisoner's Defence. I am perfectly innocent.
JURY to 
               
                  ANN 
                  DUCE
               



            . Q.Had you known the prisoner before? A. No, but I saw him pass my door, and thought him a character not to be trusted further than he could be seen - I suppose he was about ten minutes at the door; when I saw him again I was quite sure he was the person - I can say nothing about his dress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
