








First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
368. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     TIERNEY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     CREAMER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     NOWLAND
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ADAMS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Procter
                        




                     
                  , on the 12th of February
, at St. Giles's Without Cripplegate


, with a felonious intent to rob him, and his goods and monies from his person and against his will violently and feloniously to steal
            , against the Statute, &c.
Messrs. BULLOCK and GURNEY conducted the Prosecution.
GEORGE PROCTER. I am a tobacconist, and live at No. 101, Fleet-street - on the morning of Wednesday, the 12th of February, I was walking along Chiswell-street


 - I was proceeding from my brother's - on getting opposite Whitecross-street, on the left hand side of the way - as near as I can recollect, it was a quarter after one - I had left my brothers as the clock struck one - three of my brothers and a friend were with me - we were all walking singly - one of my brothers was not quite a yard in advance of me, and my other two brothers and a friend eight or ten yards behind me - one of them was stopping to tie his garters or drawers which had come down - before I got opposite Whitecross-street I observed a man on the right hand side of the way, standing apparently at the edge of the curb - I heard a voice in a sort of audible whisper say, "At the second," and immediately the man darted across the road in the direction that I was standing - supposing that he was going to push against me, I merely put my elbows up - but he struck me on the breast, kicked me on the shin, and threw me on my back in an instant - when I arose there were two strangepersons there, as well as one of my brothers, who had come up - while I was on the ground I heard a whistle - I observed nothing when I heard the voice, except the one man - as soon as I arose I got on my feet, and went on in the direction I was going, following my brother, who was in advance crying, "Watch," and "Police," and the police were on the spot instantly - the whistle brought part of the same party down from the end of Whitecross-street - I should say there were seven or eight of them came on the whistle being given - I got out of the way as quick as possible, and was not engaged in the affray with the watchman - I lost no property - my two brothers were knocked down.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You have stated all you heard? - A. Yes; after the words, "At the second," the man knocked me down, and then there was a whistle; and several persons assembled from the upper end of Whitecross-street - I believe nobody was in the street except the five composing our party, and the party who assaulted us - only one man assaulted me - I called "Watch" and "Police" - that brought watchmen and policemen round me - I do not think the noise I made caused persons to assemble about me - I will not swear it did or did not call some casual spectators - I am sure I was knocked down - no attempt was made at my pockets; nor any words used that I heard indicating an intention to rob me - I had spent the evening at my brother's, in Bishopsgate-street - it is a tobacconist's, the same trade as myself - six brothers and one stranger formed the party - I went there about nine o'clock, and stayed till past one - I had supped certainly and drank - Mr. Hodge was the other person - I supped at eleven o'clock, after the shop was closed, which was at eleven o'clock - it struck one o'clock as we left - I had taken a glass of gin and water - I think I had half a glass afterwards - I had a glass of porter at supper - I will swear I had not two glasses of gin and water after supper - the second glass was not filled; I had a glass, or glass and half, or two glasses of porter at supper - I cannot tell - I had no other liquor - I went out of the crowd as soon as I got on my legs, and saw nothing more till the prisoners were in custody - being perfectly sober, I was competent to recognise persons - I saw nothing of the prisoners till they were in the custody of the watchmen; that was not more than seven minutes, I should think, after the row in the street - two of us had been walking together, but we were going one and one when this took place; but previously we had been walking two and three; on the pavement of the street we had left two persons could not conveniently walk together - we had left go in this narrow street, and had not rejoined - the street it happened in was wide enough for two to walk together - we might have got fifty yards up the street - I cannot say - we were quite as quiet as I am at the present moment, and as little disposed for larking as you are now - it is my habit to be out as late as that, and sometimes later; very seldom till three or four, but I am so occasionally - this has been my habit for twenty-five years - my shop is open at six o'clock half the year, and seven o'clock the other half; but it is not closed until ten o'clock at night.


                  HENRY 
                  HODGE
               



            . On the 12th of February I was with Mr. Procter in Chiswell-street about one o'clock, or a quarter after; I was walking eight or ten yards behind Mr. George Procter - a man passed me and touched him by the elbows, then ran across the road and cried out, "Now for it to-night," and immediately afterwards two men ran across from Whitecross-street, and a man in a short jacket struck Mr. Procter, and he fell, (who, I believe, from his height, and being captured immediately afterwards, to be Matthew Tierney;) he struck Mr. Procter; eight or ten more men came up, (I do not know their faces,) and some women, and a general affray took place; a quarrel ensued, and the police and constables got much injured; they wished to rescue the prisoner; nobody in particular quarrelled, but they struck Mr. Procter, and we called the police, who came; we wished to capture the two men who first crossed the road, one of whom, to the best of my belief, was Matthew Tierney; I do not know the other.


                  JOHN 
                  HARDING
               



            . I am a watchman of Cripplegate Without - on the morning of the 12th of February, I heard a cry of "Police," and "Watch" - I immediately went towards the place, to the end of Chiswell-street, and towards the corner of Beech-street Mr. Procter gave charge of the prisoner Tierney - I immediately took him by the collar - he said, "I have done nothing;" Mr. Procter said, "You have knocked me down once, and my brother has been knocked down twice by the same party, and, no doubt, with intent to rob me" - I immediately took the prisoner along a little further, ten or twenty yards - I turned round, and saw the other three coming up- they said, "Where are you going to take the prisoner?"- I said he was given in charge, and I was going to take him to the watch-house - Adams said, "You b-, if you do not let him go, I will knock your brains out" - I went a few steps further, and took my truncheon out, and said, "You had better keep off, or it will be the worse for you" - he said, "Where are you going to take him?" I said, "To the watch-house" - he again replied, "I will knock your brains out, you b-, you shall not take him any further" - he seized hold of my truncheon - a policeman came up, (G 93,) and I took Tierney along, till I was interrupted by the other three prisoners - I delivered him to the policeman (G 93) - Adams then caught hold of my staff, and dragged me across the street; he got me down by a hard tustle, took my staff out of my hand, and laid it across my head, and broke my head in two places, and then said, "I think I have done the b-'s business for him" - another of them (not taken) said, "George, you have not half done his business, give it to me" - he took it, and he hit me across the ribs five or six times, and jumped upon me; Creamer is the man who jumped upon me - a little after nine o'clock that same night, I had seen Adams, Creamer, and Nowland, just at the end of Chiswell-street, crossing just at the end of my beat, between Whitecross-street and Chiswell-street - here is the handkerchief I had round my neck; it is bloody - I had given no offence to them.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you preferred an indictment against them for assaulting you? A. Yes; for assaulting me in the execution of my duty in this very transaction.


                  RICHARD 
                  POULTON
               



             (policeman). On the morning of the 12th of February, I was on duty - I was not present when the transaction took place; I came up about five minutes after, as I suppose - I heard a rattle spring, and went up and found Tierney in custody - I saw Adams runaway - I saw a gentleman there, but I cannot swear it was the prosecutor - I saw an attempt to rescue Tierney, and heard a gentleman say, "Secure that man in the flannel jacket, for he is the man who attempted to rob me" - that was Creamer - he said, in Creamer's presence, that he had attempted to rob him, and I took Creamer into custody - I saw Tierney there.
Cross-examined. Q. Is the gentleman here who said the man in the flannel jacket attempted to rob him? A. I cannot say; the gentleman did not tell me so, but I heard that said in the crowd - I do not know who said so; I only heard a voice say so; I had not an opportunity of calling for the person who made that charge - nobody came to the watch-house and charged him with attempting to rob him in my presence, because we were ordered out - I have since seen a person who charged Creamer with attempting to rob him; his name is Procter - I do not know his Christian name - I was not in the watch-house when the charge was taken - I have not brought the charge book.
Q. Did any man give Creamer in charge to you at the watch-house, or elsewhere, for attempting to rob him? A. No; I heard the voice when I went up - I did not call for the person who owned the voice - I cannot name anybody who gave Creamer in charge for attempting to rob him - I am not a witness on the common assault bill - I do not know at whose instance this prosecution is instituted - a gentleman named Procter is the prosecutor.
MR. PHILLIPS to GEORGE PROCTER. Q. Pray is this prosecution undertaken at your expense? A. No: the City prosecute - I am the prosecutor, but I suppose it is not at my expense - if it is at my expense, I shall have no objection to pay it - I hope it is not - I gave the three men in custody when I got to the watch-house - Creamer was one of them - I did not say he had attempted to rob me - I went into the grand jury-room twice, and was sworn twice - the other indictment is not at my expense.
COURT. Q. Did you hear anybody speak of a person in a flannel jacket? A. No; I was not the person who used that expression - I gave Tierney, Nowland, and Creamer into custody, as being on the spot when I got on my legs, but I do not swear positively to their knocking me down.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLYER
               



            . I was on duty in Whitecross-street, on the 12th of February, about half-past one o'clock in the morning - I was standing at the corner, by the Cat public-house at the corner of Whitecross-street, and I saw the prisoners at the bar, and several other men and five women, come along Chiswell-street - they passed a few yards up Upper Whitecross-street - I saw a man who crossed from Lower Whitecross-street - it was not either of the prisoners - he said, "George and Mike, it is all right" - two men crossed over, and the man who called out to George and Mike "It is all right" - Adams crossed over with Tierney - Adams said to the man who called out, "Which is he?" but previous to that, the man who first called out to Adams, said, "The gentleman gave me a smack on the mouth" - that was previous to the man's calling out "George and Mike, it is all right" - but observing me at the Cat, he said,"Here is a gentleman has given me a smack on the mouth"- that was said on observing me - and on Adams and Tierney crossing over, Adams said, "Which is he?" - the man pointed to a gentleman, and said, "That is him" - there were two or three gentlemen together; and at that momemt Adams struck one of the gentlemen (Mr. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Procter
               



            ) who fell - I rose him up, and put on his hat - after so doing, I turned my head, and saw the man (who first called out to George and Mike) standing in a fighting attitude to another gentleman - I cannot say which gentleman it was of the three - I had not the opportunity of seeing whether either of them had struck Adams or any of the party, it was so quick - I then had a scuffle with that man, and attempted to take him - and after having the scuffle, I fell on the ground - I rose up and heard a cry of "Police" - and by that time the three gentlemen who were at the corner of Whitecross-street had got to the corner of Beech-lane, which is twenty or thirty yards - I heard the cry of"Police," and immediately went to the spot, and saw Tierney in the custody of a watchman - I assisted the watchman who had got hold of him as far the other side of Beech-lane, which is about ten yards, and saw him safe in the hands of the watchman.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you been taking anything to drink now? A. I have not.


                  RICHARD 
                  PROCTER
               



            . I live in St. John-street; I am the brother of George Procter; I was with him on the morning of Wednesday, the 12th of February; there were four of us brothers there; we were walking in Chiswell-street; I was walking a little in the rear of him - a man passed me in rather a rough way, then crossed over to the other side of the way, and called some men to him; I did not hear what he said; we went a little way up Upper Whitecross-street and he crossed and came rather before us; and, as soon as he came to my brother George, he knocked him down, an I stepped forward and struck the man who knocked him down; I was knocked down directly, and as soon as I got up I was knocked down again; on getting up again, the policeman, and two or three more persons, were there, and believe the party was taken into custody; I got out of the way as quick as I could; I do not know any of the prisoners I did not see the least offence given by my brother George or any of our party, to those persons; we were walking along quietly, and had not the least acquaintance with them.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. None of you brothers were arm in arm? A. Neither of them; I was walking with Mr. Hodge, by his side - not one after the other; to the best of my knowledge I was alongside of my friend; I believe I was; I would not swear I was; I had not drank anything out of the common way that night, more than on another night; it was not very late, when people go out to spend the evening as I did; I did not go out till half-past eight or nine o'clock; I spent the evening at my brother Joseph's, in Bishopsgate-street; we sat down together to supper about ten o'clock, I suppose; my other brothers were there at that time; perhaps I may be mistaken in the time.


                  JAMES 
                  PROCTER
               



            . I was in company with my brothers.
JOHN HILL. I am Inspector of the nightly-watch; the prisoners were brought into the watch-house on Wednesday morning, between one and two o'clock; I saw Mr. Procter there, and his brothers; four gentlemen came; they appeared perfectly sober; the prisoners were given in charge.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. They were givenin charge that night? A. Yes, that morning; I am not speaking of Adams; I mean the three others; Adams was not there; I think he was taken the next morning; I know he was in custody the following morning by the chargebook; the charge-book is not here.
TIERNEY - 

               GUILTY
            .* Aged 24.
CREAMER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
NOWLAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
ADAMS - 

               GUILTY
            .* Aged 21.







               Transported for Life
            .
