




1584. 



HENRY MACKMAN
 and 




MARY NEWMAN
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
28th of April, 1 pair of stays, value 5s., the goods of 



Mary Calvert, and another; and that Mackman had been before convicted of felony.







MARY CALVERT
. I live at Great Suffolk-street, Borough, and am in partenership with Eliza Morris—on the 28th of April I was standing in the shop—the prisoner Mackman came and took the stays from the door—he did not come in—he stood at the door—I ran after him a little way, but he ran so fast, I could not overtake him—he was taken in the evening—these are the stays—I did not see any body with him.

Mackman. Q. Did you see my face? A. Yes; I stood behind the counter.





ANTHONY PORKINGTON
. I livc in Great Suffolk-street, next door to the prosecutor. About three o'clock, I saw the two prisoners walking together—I heard the woman say, "Now then"—the man then went, and took the stays, and ran off—I ran after him, but lost him in the Mint—I did not see Newman run off—I had seen them together about five minutes.

Mackman. Q. Where were you standing? A. At my master's shop—these stays were hanging on the door, inside—I watched you, and saw you snatch them down—then I chased you up Lant-strect—I was stopped by a lot of people.

Newman. I was not there. Witness. Yes; I am almost sure she was—I saw her at the office, and pointed her out directly.





JOHN WATERS
 (police-constable M 116.) I stopped Newman in King-street, on another charge—she said, "You know me, I will come back again"—I said, "I do not like to take your word; you stopped so long the last time—I said, "You look rather bulky," and lifted up ner apron, and found these stays—she said, "I will come back again, when I have put these things up"—this was between five and six o'clock in the evening—I took Mackman on suspicion, but knew nothing of this case.





JOHN BRADLEY
 (City police-constable No. 22.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Mackman's former conviction, by the name of Henry Miller, for stealing a handkerchief—I know he is the man—(read.)

MACKMAN—


GUILTY
.

NEWMAN—


GUILTY
.—Aged 17. 


Transported for Seven Years.
