



1161. 




MICHAEL M'GANN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of April, 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 collar, value 1s.; 3/4 of a yard of ribbon, value 3d.; and 1 brooch, value 2s.; the goods of 



Ann Robinson, from her person.






ANN ROBINSON
. I am residing with my aunt, at No. 6, White Horse-place, Commercial-road. I went to the Tower, on the 15th of April, about one or two o'clock, to see a soldier, a cousin of mine—I saw the prisoner, and he offered to go with me to a public-house—we did so, and I war to stop there till he fetched my cousin—he came back, and took me to another place, and took me into a room and ill-used me—I had a handkerchief, a ribbon, and a brooch—he took them away from me, and did what he could to me, and then locked me in with another man—he took the handkerchief, ribbon, and brooch away with him—this was not a bad house, it was in the barracks, in the Tower—there were no other soldiers in the room where, he took me—it was between seven and eight o'clock when he let me out of the room—I hallooed "Murder" when I came down.

Prisoner. Q. Did you wear this collar when I met you? A. I had it. in my handkerchief—I did not leave the canteen till you took me to see my cousin—I was only in the place once.

Prisoner. I went to a man to get the key, and we went to this place twice, and had * * * according to her own wishes—she had this handkerchief in her hand, and she left it on the table—I said, "You may as well give me this"—she said, "No," but she had a better in her pocket she would give me—she took off the collar, and said she would stop all night with me, and would put it on in the morning. Witness. I did not give him either of these things—he took them from me—my handkerchief was twisted round my hand, and he took it from me—he locked me up in this room with himself and then after he had done with me, he locked me up with another one—I told the other one that the prisoner had ill-used me—the prisoner let me out—I came down, and told a man that I had lost my things, and he had been ill-using me—he asked me if I should know his name—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Was it M'Gann!" and I said, "Yea"—I had beard another man call him by that name.

JURY. Q. Did you have any money from this man? A. No—he did not have * * * with me—he tried to do so.





PETER M'GOVERN
. I am sergeant-major in the 20th regiment—I was passing round the barracks in the Tower, between seven and eight o'clock that night, and saw this young woman crying—I asked what was the matter—she said that a man of the name of M'Gann had kicked her down stairs, and taken a collar, some ribbon, and a handkerchief from her—I had

not stated his name before she said that—I asked the prisoner where the woman's property was—he said he had none of it—I told him it would be better for him to give it up, and have it settled quietly—he then said he would—he told me to come up stairs to his barrack-room—he went to his bed, and lifted up his bolster or pillow, took out the tippet and ribbon and gave them to me.





FRANCIS PADFIBLD
. I am a sergeant. I saw the prosecutrix crying—I went with M'Govern, and found the ribbon and tippet under the prisoner's pillow—I asked if that was all he had got—he said it was—I went down to the young woman and she said she had lost a handkerchief—I went up to the prisoner's pouch and found the handkerchief there—this was in the mess kitchen.





JAMES M'BRIAN
. I am a corporal. Between seven and eight o'clock, I came out of my own room in the passage, and I saw this young woman crying, and the prisoner kicking her down stairs—she told me a man had ill used her, and taken some things from her.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not see her when we were on parade, about five o'clock? A. No, I never saw her till she was on the stairs.





ROBERT PIDOEON
. I am a private in the regiment. The prisoner came to me, and said he had got a new handkerchief from a young girl—he took me to his own bed, and showed me this handkerchief.

Prisoner. Q. When I came to you for the key, did I not tell you what purpose it was for? A. I did not give you the key.

Prisoner. There were four soldiers in company with me, who saw her take off the collar, and give me the handkerchief—it was quite agreeable to her that she should stop with me that night, being a stranger in the Tower—the policeman heard it.





JAMES BRADLEY
. I am a policeman. I did not hear a word about it—she said he was an entire stranger—the prisoner said, in going along to prison, that there were four soldiers who could disprove it, but not before.

Prisoners Defence. I went to the Chain Canteen, and this woman came and asked for a man I did not know—I said I was going to have some beer with some others, and she might as well come and have some, and she did—it was agreeable to her to stop all night with me—she had a handkerchief in her hand—I said, "You may as well give me this?"—she said she would not, but she gave me another, and she took off the collar and brooch, and put them into my pouch-cap—then she and I went away—we could not get in where we wanted—I then went and got the key from Pidgeon, and she and I went to this place.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
