



2096. 




JOHN SUTTLEWORTH
 was indicted

 for stealing on the 
21st of August 1, bridle, value 14s.; 1 pair of reins, value 6s. and 1 breeding, value 10s.; the goods of 



David Edward Bucquet.






JOSEPH DAVY
. I drive a cab, which belongs to David Edward Bucquet. I was on the stand in Holborn, opposite Hatton-garden, on Sunday morning the 21st of August—I came on the stand about one o'clock—about three o'clock I got inside the cab, and fell asleep, being tired—I awoke about five o'clock and missed the bridle, reins, and breeching, which belong to my master—I saw them again before six o'clock the same morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is Mr. Bucquet here? A. No—I know his name I have worked for him so long—I have seen him sign his name—I did not see the prisoner there that night—I know my harness by a mark on the blinkers—I had had it above three months using it every day—I was in the habit of putting it on myself.

COURT. Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner about there? A. I have seen him twice before, about Holborn.





THOMAS SHEPPARD
. I am a policeman. On Sunday, the 21st of August, about half-past three o'clock in the morning I met the prisoner in company with another man, in Benjamin-street Clerkenwell, about a quarter of a mile from Hatton-garden stand—the prisoner was carrying a bundle—I stopped both of them—I examined the bundle, and asked how they came in possession of it—the prisoner said he knew nothing of it, that it belonged to the other one, who gave it to him carry while he filled his pipe—the other one said, "We are going to take it to his brother-in-law in Cow-cross, who is a harness-maker"—I took them both into custody—another policeman came up to assist, and about half way to the station-house the other one knocked me down, and gave me a very violent blow, and made his escape—I showed the property to Davy, and have it here.

Cross-examined Q. Where either of them smoking? A. No, I did not see any pipe at all—I will swear the other man had not got a pipe—I had seen them both before.





JOSEPH DAVY

re-examined. This is the harness which I lost.

Cross-examined. Q. What do you know it by? A. By the crest and a kind of flower, and by other things—there is a red mark down the blinkers.

Guilty.


(The indictment also charged the prisoner to have been previously convicted of felony.)





ROBERT TIPPLE
. I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got him Mr. Clark's office (read)—I am sure he is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Life.

Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.

