




1015. 




JAMES FOSTER
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
15th of February, 2 sheets, value 4s.; 3 shirts, value 6s.; 3 shifts, value 4s.; 2 aprons, value 2s.; 1 gown, value 6s.; I flannel shirt, value 4s.; 2 nightcaps, value 6d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 6d.; 1 frock, value 1s.; and 3 pinafores, value 2s.; the goods of 



James Clare; and





GEORGE REX



, for feloniously receiving 3 shifts, value 4s.; 1 night-cap, value 3d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 6d., and 1 frock, value 1s., part and parcel of the said goods; well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






CATHERINE CLARE
. I am the wife of James Clare; we live in Brick-lane, Spitalfields, and keep a green-shop. On the night of the 15th of February, about seven o'clock, I put some articles of linen into my back-kitchen, on the table, and the door was shut—in a few minutes a knock came at the door, and a person asked my little girl if her mother had lost anything—I then went into the kitchen, and missed these things from the table, and some from the line—I lost two sheets, three shirts, some shifts, and the other things stated—I have since seen in the hand of the officer a frock, shift, night-cap, and shirt; they are part of what I lost.

Rex. Q. How can you swear to them? A. I know them well by my making and mending them—there was a white apron, with strings to it, which I have not recovered—the best things are all gone—they were all taken together wet.





MARY ANN PAGE
. I am the wife of Isaac Page; we live at Mrs. Clare's. On the evening of the 15th of February, about seven o'clock, I was going in at the private door, and met Foster coming out with a bundle in his hand, wrapped in a white apron, and the white string was hanging down—he went towards Spicer-street—the kitchen stands at the end of the passage, out of which Foster was coming—I asked Mrs. Clare if she had lost her things—she said, "No"—I went up stairs, and then Mrs. Clare went into her kitchen, and missed them—I thought, when I met Foster, that he was some person belonging to the house—I am quite clear that he is the person.


Foster Q. What sort of a bundle was it? A. A biggish bundle.





WILLIAM ALDERMAN
 (police-sergeant H 7.) Foster was given into my charge on Saturday night the 16th, about eight o'clock—I took him to the station-house, and he gave his address, No. 16, Little York-street—I could find no such person there—on the following morning I heard him tell a little boy to go to a person of the name of Rex, in York-street—I went with the boy to No. 6, York-street, Bethnal Green, and found Rex the prisoner living at the top of the house—I asked if he knew a man named Foster—he said yes he did—I asked what character he bore—he said, "A very good one," that he was a rule maker, and had lodged with him about six months—I asked if he had any property there belonging to him—he said, "No, Foster has nothing but what he stands up in"—I then fetched Mrs. Clare, and searched the room—it is about five minutes' walk from the prosecutor's—I found this frock on Rex's child, which Mrs. Clare said was hers, but the bottom had been torn off, and in searching a box which Rex said was his, I found the bottom of the frock—I then went towards another box which Rex said belonged to Foster, and in that I found some other things—I found this pair of stockings hanging on a loom—Rex said he bought the frock some days ago in Petticoat-lane, and he could bring the woman he bought it of—this was on Sunday morning the 17th.

Rex I said I bought it two or three days before, and then I said on Saturday night in Rosemary-lane. Witness "Some days," was what you said.





CATHERINE CLARE

re-examined He said he bought it some days before, and then he said he bought it on Saturday night—it was on Friday I lost my things.

Rex's Defence I had the misfortune to lose my wife on the Monday before I was taken—on the Saturday I was going down Rosemary-lane to buy a coat, I saw this frock, which my girl was in need of, and I purchased it.

Foster's Defence On that Friday I was coming from the West India Docks—I went down Whitechapel-road, and bought a small loaf—I went down Brick-lane with it—that was all I had in my apron.

FOSTER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

REX—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—



Confined Six Months.
