






Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
419. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     ATKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of December

, 1 horse-cloth, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sophia 
                           Brown
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Burbridge
                        



                     
                  , his employers
            ; and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     MILLS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
WILLIAM BURBRIDGE. I keep the King's Arms stables, in Shoreditch






; 
               
                  Sophia 
                  Brown
               



             is my partner. On the 27th of December we discovered this horse-cloth, but it was lost some time in November, I believe, out of the stable - Atkins has been in our employ for about a year and a half, as ostler; I have lost cloths before, and Atkins was always the first man to come and say, "Master, I have lost such a cloth" - that it was very mysterious, but he was sure there was no body about the premises but our own people - there were two others employed there besides him; the morning this cloth was lost, he came and said "I have lost the horse-cloth, master, that was Mr. Lindsey's;" on the 27th of December, my lad was coming by the coach rank, and saw the cloth on one of the coach horses - I went and examined it; the stand is opposite my house - both the prisoners were there -Atkins was feeding the horses and Mills was standing by; I presume he was the driver of the coach - my cloth was cut in two, and one piece was on each of the horses; I said to Mills, "Where did you get this cloth?" Atkins was close by, and must have heard it - I said, "This cloth is mine;" Mills said he bought it on the rank - I told him I should not leave sight of him till he was in custody, as I was determined to know who he got it from - a Policeman came up, and I gave him into custody; I have lost cloths, bridles, and other things.
Atkins. The property was my own. Witness. No; it was mine - I never gave it him.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. The cloth was on the horses? A. Yes, any one might see it; I do not think Mills knew it was stolen - I believe he is quite a different man.
WILLIAM BURBRIDGE. This is the cloth; I know it by the quality, the binding, and a place which had been mended.
SOPHIA BROWN. This is the cloth; here is a place which I mended in it.
Atkins' Defence. I bought it seven months ago in Petticoat-lane.
 - BANNISTER. I am horse-keeper to Edward Mills, a hackney-coach master; I saw Atkins come and offer this cloth openly for sale, opposite Shoreditch church - there was another person would have had it, if Mills had not - he asked me the value of it, and I said, I thought he gave quite enough for it.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am a coach-master. I saw Atkins this day week, and said, "Atkins, you have brought my brother-in-law into a pretty mess - the cloth you sold him is stolen from Burbridge;" he said, "No, it is mine, I bought it;" I said, "You had better go with me;" he said, "I will meet you in half an hour;" I said, "That won't do, you must go now," and I took him to Worshipstreet.
ATKINS 

               GUILTY
            . - Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MILLS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
