






1072. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CROWLEY
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  HERRICK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of June
, 4 pieces of timber, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Oliver
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  BRADSHAW
               



            . I keep the Cheshire Cheese, in Dean-street, Holborn. On the evening of the 26th of June, the prisoners came in about seven o'clock - I had not known them before - they and two other men brought seven pieces of timber to my yard - I said I would not have it there - I thought they had stolen it - they became very abusive - I went to get the policeman, as I was afraid of my life - they threatened to split my skull open - when I came back they were gone, and had taken three pieces of wood away.
Cross-examined by MR. STAMMERS. Q. Have you told us all that passed? A. Yes - I had not ordered any wood of the prisoners - I did not say that would not do for me, if they would bring me some thinner, I would give them some more beer - they had three pots of beer.
WILLIAM OLIVER. I am a builder
. The prisoners were in my employ for three months - I was building two houses in Bedford-row


 - I received information and saw the timber which was left at the public-house - it was mine.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you any mark on it? A. No - I was with the man for two or three hours, and told him to put one piece in a particular place - that one I can swear to - it has a particular mortice at this end, and it has some slips nailed on it - it is a kind of door-post.
COURT. Q. How many pieces altogether did you lose? A. I suppose about fifty - one I can swear to - the other three I believe to be mine - they were taken from my pile at the back of those houses.



                  GEORGE 
                  MILLS
               



            . I am a horse-keeper to Mr. Turner. I live within five yards of this pile of timber - I saw Herrick take two pieces of timber from the pile - he carried them on his right shoulder.
Cross-examined. Q. Where did he take them to? A. I do not know, he took them from the Dog and Duck yard, from Mr. Oliver's pile - I suppose there were two hundred on the pile.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JONES
               



            . I saw the two prisoners take two pieces of wood on each of their shoulders, from Mr. Oliver's pile.
Cross-examined. Q. But they were employed by Mr. Oliver? A. I believe they were his labourers.


                  RICHARD 
                  BIRD
               



            . I saw Crowley come and knock at the gate at half-past six o'clock that evening - I asked if he had left his work - he said, "Yes" - I watched him up the Dog and Duck yard, and saw him take three pieces of timber - I told the beadle to follow him.
Cross-examined. Q. Where did you see him come from? A. From Mr. Oliver's premises - they were taken to the Cheshire Cheese, which is a quarter of a mile off.


                  JAMES 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am beadle of Red Lion-square. I saw Crowley with the three pieces of wood; which he took to the Cheshire Cheese, in Dean-street.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM BREMRIDGE
               



            . I went to the Cheshire Cheese, and saw this timber which belonged to Mr. Oliver- I had been at work for him.
Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it? A. I had picked out these three pieces to lay for joists for a floor - this part of a door-frame was standing in an old house, and I took it down.
Crowley. Every one of them have sworn false.
Herrick's Defence. I can take my oath I never touched a piece of timber - the last time we were at Hatton-garden Oliver could not swear to one of the pieces - that cove there said he saw my partner take the wood to the Cheshire Cheese, and I took it of him - I did not touch it.
(
               
                  John 
                  Goddard
               



            , a chandler; 
               
                  Ann 
                  King
               



            , and 
               
                  George 
                  Brown
               



            , a baker, of Little Coram-street, gave Crowley a good character.)
CROWLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.
HERRICK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
