





19. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Wilson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a wine-merchant
, and live on Holborn-hill. On the 22nd of November, about a quarter to seven o'clock in the evening, I was in Cursitor-street


 -I had put my handkerchief into my pocket not two minutes before; I was going to New court - I felt a hand behind me; I put my hand down, and missed my handkerchief, which was safe two minutes before; the prisoner was passing on my left hand, and I collared him, for there was nobody else either before or behind me for twenty yards - I charged him with picking my pocket; he denied it - I said I had my handkerchief not two minutes before; it was silk - Mrs. Wilson, who was with me, picked it up close behind me; I asked his address - he gave me two false addresses, and while I was asking his address he kicked me in the shin, cut my fingers, tripped me up, and tore my clothes; he hurt me very much.


                  ELIZA 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I picked up my husband's handkerchief a very little distance from him; I did not observe any body near him but the person he had seized - I cannot identify his person; a crowd afterwards collected, and I did not see my husband ill-used- he was thrown down; his fingers and skin were cut -I know the handkerchief to be his.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SEAGER
               



            . I am eleven years old. I saw the prisoner knock the gentleman down - that is all I know.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  COLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I was called to take the prisoner in Castle-yard, close to Cursitor-street; the handkerchief was delivered to me - I have kept it ever since; Mr. Wilson appeared a good deal hurt, and his fingers were bleeding.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence (written.) On the evening in question I was going to Chelsea, by my master's order, to escort a respectable female home; a disturbance took place in the street - I went to see the cause, and had not left the female a moment before I was apprehended.


                  JOHN 
                  PORTER
               



            . I am a printer, live in Britannia street, City-road. The prisoner was in my employ - I d not exactly know where he lived; printers usually leave work at eight o'clock, but I gave him leave to go about six o'clock that night, to see his cousin home.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am the prisoner's cousin, and he went to see me home from his master's house to Sloane-street, Chelsea - we were going through Fetter-lane, when the disturbance arose; we had left his master's in Britannia-street about a quarter-past six o'clock - we did not go along Cursitor-street, but through Fetter-lane; he heard a noise in Fetter-lane, and left me to go and see what was the matter - the noise was up Norwich-court - I did not go with him, as he said he would not stay a minute; I waited in the street - I saw no more of him, and went home alone- what he did after he left me I cannot tell; his friends came next day to tell me he was in prison.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
