



727. 




ROBERT PULSFORD
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
29th of January, 11 loaves of bread, value 6s., the goods of 



Benjamin Taylor Nelson.


MR. JONES
conducted the Prosecution.





ADOLPHUS RICHARD HOOPER
. I am in the employ of Mr. Benjamin Taylor Nelson. It was my duty to take out bread to his customers—I

went out with it, in the 20th of January; an near Portman-square I saw the prisoner—he wished me good morning, and asked me if Jem had left, whom I understood to be the young man I had succeeded—he asked me to have something to drink, which I refused—I left him, and went about my business—I saw him again about half an hour after, at the corner of George-street, Portman-square he said he used to have dealings with Jem, Mr. Nelson's late man—I asked him in what way—he said if I would come in and have a pint of beer, he would explain to me—I went into a public-house with him, and we had a pint of beer—he said the way he used to do it was, before the governor was up in the morning; and if I had a few leaves to dispose of, he would be very happy to receive them—I told him I could not do business exactly in that way—he said he could assure me it was quite safe, for he had carried it on ever since Mr. Nelson's late man had lived there, except a few days—I told him I would think of it, and then I told him I would meet him at the public-house, next door to master's, at seven o'clock that evening, but I did not see him till the Wednesday following, (the 27th,) when I met him in Portman-square, about half-post twelve o'clock—he said he had been in the country for a few days, and asked me if I could let him have some bread—I said if he would come down in the morning, I would let him have some—we then parted—I went out with my small bread about, a quarter before seven o'clock next morning, and he was standing by the public-house next door to master's—I told him my master was up—he said, "Oh, the devil he is!"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Then it is no go"—I said I would meet him at seven o'clock that evening, at the Alsop's Arms, New-road—I went there and saw him—we had two pints of beer—he paid for one, and I the other—I told him to come down to the shop in the morning, and I would let him have some—he did come about half-past six or a quarter to seven o'clock, an brought a basket—he did not speak to me—he took eight half-quartern loaves off the the counter, and three off the weighing machine, and put them into his basket—he then put it on his back, and walked out of the shop with them—I did not see him again till next morning, about half-past six o'clock—when he came into the shop, and my master made his appearance with Dutch, the officer, and he was taken into custody—he had the basket with him then—he had agreed to give me 1d. for each quartern loaf—the price is 7d.—he said he had bought them of Gates at 3 1/2 d.—I had no conversation with my master on this subject till the 27th—the appointment I afterwards made was with his concurrence.

Cross-examined by
MR. MAGUIRE. Q. When did you first meet the prisoner? A. On the 20th of January—I had then been living three days with the prosecutor—before that I lived seventeen Weeks with Mr. Stewart, of Pimlico—I did not tell the prisoner I had been out of employ seventeen weeks, and was very poor—I do not think I could tell him so—I will not swear I did not—my master gave me 11s. a week—I did not tell him it was too little, and I must have something else for myself—I did not advise the prisoner to take lodgings near Mr. Nelson's—I will swear I did not—I never went to his lodgings—I do not know where he lived—it was somewhere in Tottenham-court-road—I do not remember telling him if he would keep his counsel I would keep mine—I told him not to mention it to the foreman. I never said I would call in the morning when I went round with my leaves.

Q. When he came into the shop on the morning of the 29th, you pointed

is the bread which you had put ready for him? A. No, I can take my oath of that—there had been eight loaves on the counter—I did not put them there for him, nor point to them.





BENJAMIN TAYLOR NELSON
. I am a baker, and live in Paddington-street. Hooper came into my employ about the 16th of January—he was engaged nearly a week before—I had reason to suppose I had been robbed of bread—I had a servant named Gates, whom O discharged, and Hooper came in his place—he gave me information the first week he was in my employment—I think about the Thursday or Friday—I am not certain to the particular day—he told me of his meeting with the prisoner, and what had passed—I was aware that he was about to call on the morning of the 29th, and I suffered Hooper to receive him, to see what he would do—from the time Hooper communicated with me, he acted entirely with my concurrence—the prisoner was never a customer of mine—I was present when he was taken into custody—the policeman asked him what he was doing there—he said he had come for some bread—the policeman said, "Are you going to pay for it?—he said, "No, but I suppose I must some time or other"—I saw him searched—no money was found on him—the price of a four-pound loaf was 7d. at that time—John Gates always went by the name if Jem in my service.

Cross-examined. Q. Is bread never sold except to individuals whom you know? A. I never authorize it to be done—if a person comes to the shop and asks for bread, my shopman is authorized to sell it.





DANIEL DUTCH
. I am a constable of Marylebone police-office. I was at Mr. Nelson's premises on the morning of the 30th of January, and saw the prisoner there about a quarter-past six o'clock, and took him into custody—he had a basket with him—I searched him, and found an account-book a pencil, and penknife on him, but no money.

Cross-examined. Q. He said he came to buy bread, did he not? A. No—I asked him if he wanted to buy bread—he said, "No, I do not"—I was in the parlour when he came in at the shop door, and I came out to him immediately.

COURT. Q. Were you inside the house before the prisoner came? A. Yes; I was in there at half-past four o'clock in the morning, and waited—I saw the door very gently open, then the basket was put in very gently, and then he came in himself.
(William Adlicot, of Little York-place, New-road; and Ann Jackson; of Devonshire-street, Paddington; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
