





32. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NAIRN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing. on the 19th of October
, 1 cloak, value 50s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  David 
                  Barclay
               




            , his master.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HARRINGTON
               



            . I am butler to David Barclay: the prisoner was his footman
. On the 19th of October I placed my master's cloak on the box of the carriage, at Redsworth castle - the prisoner sat on the box, and the carriage drove away with it.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q.Is there any female servant here? A. No; I do not know any thing about a letter being found in the hall - I do not know when it was taken.


                  ROBERT 
                  CURRIE
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 6th of November I took the prisoner at the Feathers public-house - he was in bed; I found in the room four duplicates, and one was for a gentleman's cloak, pawned for 2l. - I went to the pawnbroker's, and got it.
Cross-examined. Q. Was any other person in the room? A.The landlord went in with me - this purse laid on the table, as if a person had put it down before going to bed - the prisoner was in liquor.


                  GEORGE 
                  COLLEY
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 6th of November I saw the prisoner at the watch-house -I asked if he knew what he was charged with: he said something about another indictment; I asked if he knew any thing about a cloak - he said he did, that it was his master's, and he had taken it and pawned it at Knights-bridge.
Cross-examined. Q.Had you made him any threat or promise? A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Kimber, a pawnbroker, at Knightsbridge. This cloak was pawned on the 19th of October, for 2l. - this is the duplicate I gave - I have the counterpart of it; I cannot say who pawned it.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  RAGAN
               



            . I am groom to Mr. Arthur Barclay. The carriage came to Mr. Charles Barclay's, my master's fathere, and when I got home I saw this cloak in the hall -I did not then know whose it was; the prisoner was there - he afterwards went out, and said he was going to deliver some notes in town.
Cross-examined. Q.Do you know any thing of finding a letter in the hall, which countained a duplicate? A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
