






1106. 
               
                  JANE 
                  LANE
               




             and 
               
                  CHARLOTTE 
                  KINSMAN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of June
, 9 blankets, value 30s.; 3 urn rugs, value 3s.; 2 tea-pot rugs, value 2s.; 1 shirt, value 3s.; 1 candlestick, value 1s.; 1 milk-pot, value 15s.; 4 remnants of carpeting, value 12s.; 1 snuff-box, value 4s.; 1 parasol, value 2s.; 1 toilet bottle, value 3s.; 8 table mats, value 3s.; 1 coal-scuttle, value 7s.; 1 sugar basin, value 1s. 6d.; 1 tea-caddy, value 2s.; 1 tray, value 2s.; 2 petticoats, value 2s.; 1 gown, value 1s.; 6d.; 2 clocks, value 30s.; 1 tea-kettle, value 5s.; 1 umbrella, value 5s.; 1 chair, value 6s.; 1 compass, value 2s.; 3 bed-gowns, value 1s. 6d.; 6 pair of stockings, value 6s.; 1 hat, value 4s.; 18 handkerchiefs, value 12s.; 9 gowns, value 12s.; 4 coats, value 40s.; 7 pair of trowsers, value 30s.; 5 waistcoats, value 12s.; 8 towels, value 4s.; 4 pair of boots, value 10s.; 5 table-cloths, value 30s.; 68 knives, value 15s.; 68 forks, value 15s.; 13 spoons, value 4l.; and 3 labels, value 1s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Preston
               




            .
WILLIAM PERSTON. I am now out of business - I lived at Limehouse; but the apartments I last occupied were at No. 3, Sutton-street - I had the first floor there - all this property was in my apartments - the prisoner Lane's husband occupied the house - I took the rooms of her - Kinsman appeared to me to be a char-woman
, but instead of being there once of twice a week, she was there lately every day - I took the apartments in October, 1833, and in November I missed three new shirts - I asked Mrs. Lane about them - she said she supposed they had not been sent- on a Monday morning afterwards I was arranging my linen, and missed two more shirts - I asked Mrs. Lane about them - she said she could not tell, there had been no one there but the char-woman to clean the room, and she would send to her - I afterwards missed a pair of trowsers- on the 12th of June last, my daughter came to breakfast - I had a chest of drawers there, of which my daughter had the key - I had seen no change in them, but my daughter said they had been opened - I then saw Lane, and my daughter said to her, "Mrs. Lane, how is this? the drawers have been opened, and my things are gone." Lane fell on her knees, put her arms round her clothes, and said,"It is me, Miss, it is distress has driven me to do it; they shall be made right in a few days." My daughter thensaid, "Are my father's things safe?" - she said, "They are not all there." I missed a variety of articles, to the amount of 50l. - some of them are here.


                  CLEMENTIA 
                  STRINGER WALTON PRESTON
               



            . I am the prosecutor's daughter - I had been away some time - I left my drawers all locked - when I returned, I found they had been rifled, and considerable property gone - I spoke to Lane - she said what my father has stated.


                  JAMES 
                  WHITE
               



             (police-constable, K 285). I was sent for to Sutton-street, Commercial-road


 - I found Lane, the prosecutor, and his daughter - he desired me to take charge of her for stealing property to a large amount - I asked what had become of it, and Lane gave me forty duplicates - I took her to the station-house, and searched her, but found nothing else - the next morning I went to the cell, and she gave me seventy more duplicates - I then searched her more closely, and found another pinned up in her bosom - I went the same evening to Red Lion-passage, Spitalfields, where I found Kinsman in a room with her two daughters - I asked her if she had any duplicates relating to Mr. Preston - she denied it three times - I said,"You will have no objection to my searching?" - she then said she would go and get them - I went with her to Elder-street, Shoreditch, and she took a bag in which I found 111 duplicates, out of which Mr. Preston identified 17 - two of them Lane said she gave to her, the rest she knew nothing about.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. I understand she gave you every facility? A. After I had taxed her with it she did - I believe there were seventeen duplicates which related to Mr. Preston's property, and the others to her own property.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAMES
               



             (police-constable K 211). When the prisoner Lane was in the cell, she called to me, and gave me these two spoons, which were in an old handkerchief - she said, "These will make up the complement of Mr. Preston's which are lost."


                  THOMAS 
                  VESPER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a great variety of articles pawned by the two prisoners at different times - Mr. Preston identified the whole at my house - the prisoners sometimes came singly, and sometimes together.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUMPHRYS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Folkard, a pawnbroker, in the Commercial-road. I produce a great many articles which relate to this indictment - the greater part were pawned by Kinsman, some by Lane, and some by another female.
MR. PRESTON. These are all my property.
Cross-examined. Q. Lane is married? A. Yes. for any thing I know - I did not see her husband when I first went, but he made his appearance some time afterwards - he was living there nearly the whole time - he left this country just before this discovery took place - I think on the Sunday before - he came out of his room and took leave of me - he said he was going off with the Coldstream to the East Indies - I have no reason to doubt that they were man and wife - Kinsman used to come and work there- I do not know whether Lane sent her out to pawn things- Lane said before the magistrate, that Kinsman knew nothing of it.
COURT. Q. How often was Kinsman there for the last four or five months? A. Almost every day - she generally waited on me, and cleaned the room - she must have known the property was mine.
Lane's Defence. Among those articles there is a gold pin of my husband's, which has been in his possession for years - what I have done, I have owned to - the other prisoner is innocent.
(
               
                  James 
                  Roper
               



            , broker, of Charlotte-street, Whitechapel, and Mr. Cressal, a cabinet-maker, gave Kinsman a good character.)
LANE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.
KINSMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against Kinsman.
