





1224. 
               
                  MARY 
                  GREEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of April
, 1 sheet, value 6d.; 1 pair of shoes, value 6d., and 1 brush, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Clark
                        




                     
                  ; and that she had before been convicted of felony
            .
HANNAH CLARK. I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Clark
               



            ; we live in Booth-street, Spitalfields


. On the 28th of April we lost a pair of shoes; a sheet, and a brush, off the stair-case - I had seen them safe the evening before, and missed them before six o'clock that morning - I do not know the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHEATLEY
               



             (Police-constable H 80). I found this shirt, (not a sheet,) this brush, and these shoes on the prisoner, on the 25th of April.


                  THOMAS 
                  STONEHUME
               



             (Police-constable H 81). On the 25th of April, I came down stairs, and went to the privy of this house about five o'clock - I found some person was there; I went up again, and came down again in about half an hour; I then found the prisoner in a corner of the passage; I told her to go away - she said she came there out of the wet; she was afterwards taken with the property.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  GARRETT
               



            . I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office - I was a witness, and know she is the person - she was imprisoned six weeks in the House of Correction.
Prisoner's Defence. On the night of the 24th, I was out with some friends - I had to go as far as Wandsworth; it rained to excess; I saw this door open, and went in - the officer told me to go out, and I saw these things at the door; I took them in my arms.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
