



2237. 




RICHARD WILSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of August, at 
St. Nicholas, Deptford, 1 purse, value 1s; 3 sovereigns, half-crown, and 1 £5 bank-note, the goods, monies, and property of 




Charles William Wilson, in the dwelling-house of our Lady the Queen.






CHARLES WILLIAM WILSON. I
 am a corporal in the 1st Royal Artillery. On the 26th of August, in the evening, I was in the barracks in the Dockyard, at Deptford—I had a little party in sergeant Hampton's quarters—the prisoner is a private in the Rifle Brigade—he came to the barrack sergeant's quarters between ten and eleven o'clock, and remained with me about an hour—he then went down to the guard-room, to get another man to take his duty as sentry—he returned between eleven and twelve o'clock, and remained there till about twelve, and then he was called to go on sentry, and went away—I saw him on sentry at two o'clock in the morning, when I went out to see some females home—I returned about a quarter of an hour after, and went to bed, (he was on sentry then,) and Sergeant Hampton went to bed also—my purse was in my pocket when I went to bed—the last time I saw the money in it was at eleven o'clock—there was then one £5 note, three sovereigns, and some silver—it was in my trowsers pocket—when I vent to bed, I put the purse and trowsers under my pillow—I went to sleep, and awoke at seven o'clock in the morning—I found my trowsers lying over a chair, and my purse and money gone—I was sober enough to know what I was about—I am quite sure I put the trowsers under my head—I searched all about, but could not find the money—I sung out to Sergeant Hampton, who slept in the next room, and told him—he said, "You must Lave lost it outside somewhere"—I said, "Perhaps I might"—I said because I would not cast any reflection on my friends, to suppose they had robbed me—I reported the circumstance to the commanding officer, as we had suspicion of the prisoner—I have since seen the £5 note at the Bank—I am sure it was my note—I know it by "Ladbroke 3—8 37" being written on the back of it—Mr. Gould wrote that on it in my presence, at Ladbroke's—I am quite sure it is the same note—the prisoner knew I had money about me—everybody knew it—I had a legacy of £58 left me by a relation, and this was part of it—I was giving a treat before I went away—nobody slept in the room with me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where did Sergeant Hampton sleep? A. In the next room, with his wife—there is a boarded partition and a door between his room and mine—a person in his room could hear any noise in mine, if they were not asleep—I remember putting my trowsers under my head—I am quite sure I was sober enough to know what I did—the party commenced about seven o'clock, and was over little after two o'clock in the morning—I got to bed about a quarter to

three o'clock—I had not been drinking all that time—not to make myself beastly drunk—I went to see the females home to Broomfield-place, I—was only gone about a quarter of an hour—I only took them to their door—Sergeant Hampton is not here—there was a sentry on duty in the room under—they are put there to see that nobody goes in and out—I am no relation of the prisoner—I had drank a little sherry and some beer, but no spirits that evening.





JAMES CLAYTON
. I keep the Plasterer's Arms in Seymour-street, Euston-square. On Sunday evening, the 27th of August, I believe, the prisoner came to my house with a friend, and wanted tea—they went into a private room and had the tea—he staid there about an hour, and paid 1s. for his refreshment—he gave me a £5 note to change for him, and I give him change—I put the note into my desk until tea was over, and then paid it over to Mr. Sherwin, who was drinking tea with me—I gave him three £5 notes and fire sovereigns—I am quite sure one of the notes I gave him was what I had from the prisoner—I should not know it again, as I did not take the number nor date—all I know is, I paid Mr. Sherwin the same note I took from the prisoner—the prisoner did not tell me then how he came by it, but I believe, before be went away, he said he got it by a fight—he had a black-eye at the time.





FREDERICK WILLIAM SHERWIN
. On Sunday, the 27th of August, I was at the Plasterer's Arms, in Euston-square, and received from Clayton: three £5 notes and five sovereigns—I saw the prisoner in the house at the time, and I saw him tender a £5 note to Clayton—I took notice of the note I—thought somebody had written on the back of it, and the ink had stained all through—I am quite sure Clayton gave me the same note as the prisoner gave him—I examined it when it was in my possession—the writing was on the face—I paid it to Mr. William Alders.

Cross-examined. Q. How soon after you received it did you pay it to Mr. Alders? A. About five minutes after twelve o'clock on the following day, I paid him two £5 notes—I did not notice the note in Clayton's hands, but when it was on the table, and he was giving change, I noticed it, and noticed the same mark on it when he paid it to me—I only speak to the note from that mark—I did not examine it further.

COURT
Q. Look at this, and tell us, can you swear that it is the note? A. I can, from the tear I made in this comer and the mark in the centre, the name of Ladbroke—I have always been sure it was the same note—I have every reason to believe it is the same—I have no doubt of it.





WILLIAM ALDERS
. I am a cement-maker. On the 28th of August I received two £5 notes and three sovereigns from Mr. Sherwin—this is one of the notes—I know it by writing his name on the back of it myself—I have not the slightest doubt about it—I have written the date also.





ROBERT DUNN
. I am a policeman. I was employed to apprehend the prisoner—I took him on the 2nd of September, in her Majesty's Dockyard, at Deptford—he said he thought I should have been after him before—I told him I knew nothing of it before, and did not know the Particulars of the case then—he then said, "I will tell you all about it"—told him to be careful, as what he said I should be obliged to mention again—he then stated that there had been a ball at the barracks, and he had been to the ball, that it was his turn to go on sentry from twelve to two o'clock, but he got another man to take his duty, and he went on duty from two to four o'clock, at which time the prosecutor some females and a sergeant went out at the gate he was sentry at—and after

they had gone out, he happened to be looking on the ground and picked up the note—I had not mentioned anything about a note, not knowing the charge—while before the Magistrate, under examination, he said he charged the note in London, but did not say where.





CHARLES WILLIAM WILSON

re-examined. This is one of my notes—I am certain it was the one I had under my pillow—I had other notes, but not in my purse—I slept in Sergeant Hampton's apartments, in the barracks—they belong to the Dockyard, and are inside the Dockyard gates.





WILLIAM GIBSON
. I am a private in the Rifle Corps. On the 26th of August, in the evening, the prosecutor gave a party, and about ten o'clock he came down, and asked the prisoner to go up and join them—the prisoner went up rather before ten o'clock, and came down directly afterwards, and said it was his turn for sentry at twelve o'clock, and if I would go on sentry for him he would reward me—I said I had no objection, if the corporal gave me leave to take his duty, and he take mine, which he did; and at two o'clock he relieved me—after the prosecutor had returned from going out, the prisoner came into the room to us, and asked us if we would have any thing to drink—and after that, the prisoner went up stairs to Sergeant Hampton's quarters, and asked them to give him something to drink—he came down, and said they would not give him any—"But" said he, "hold your tongue, there is a pie on the table, I will have that"—and he said "They are looking after the key, but I have secured it," meaning the key of Sergeant Hampton's quarters—next morning I asked him what he had done with the pie, and he said he did not know, he could not find it.

Cross-examined. Q. What did you do after the conversation about the pie? A. I laid down and went to sleep—I have been servant to Colonel of the regiment—I am not so now—I was turned away on suspicion of robbing him, but they could find no proof of it—I was not before the Magistrate—I spoke about this on the Monday following—I did not tell the conversation about the key then—I told that last Saturday to colour sergeant Miller—he is not here—Peter Haggery and corporal George Smith were in the guard-house at the time of the conversation about the pie and the key, but I cannot say whether they heard it—they were lying down—I am not sure whether they were asleep or not.

JURY
to
CHARLES WILLIAM WILSON. Q. When you put your trowsers under your pillow did you see the £5 note in the purse? A. No,1 did not say that—my purse has not been found.

Prisoner, Between ten and eleven o'clock he went to fetch beer from the public house. Witness. Yes, I fetched one half-gallon of beer to the guard-room—I paid for that in silver—I was quite sober then.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Patleson.
