






629. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  LUCAS
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BEADLE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December
, 400 lbs. of twine, value 10l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Newman
                  




               
            .
EDWARD NEWMAN. I am a rope-maker
, and live at Deptford-creek


. On the 16th of December my premises were broken open, and I lost more than 4 cwt of twine, worth 10l.; I saw some of it at the Thames Police-office on the 24th of December; neither of the prisoners were in custody then - one was taken the latter end of January; they were strangers to me - I had seen one of them once before.


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARD GURNEY
               



            . I am waiter at the Bee Hive public-house, which is about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's premises. On the 15th of December, in the evening, I saw the prisoners at my master's house; I afterwards saw them in custody; I never saw them in possession of any twine.
SUSAN DAVISON. I keep the Bull's Head, at Rotherhithe. Hook (who has been convicted) was at my house with Lucas about a fortnight before Christmas-day, to breakfast - it could not be got ready, and they went a few doors off, and got breakfast; it was on a Monday or Tuesday - they returned, and Beadle sat in the tap-room; Lucas asked Beadle if he wanted a job - he went with them; I do not know what the job was; I saw the twine at the office about six weeks ago.


                  MARY 
                  HOOK
               



            . I live at Orchard-house, Blackwall. I know the prosecutor's house, on the other side of the water - I am the wife of Hook, who was tried for this offence last Session. Beadle came to my door on the 16th of December, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, and asked if Master Hook lived there - I asked what he wanted - he told me he had brought his boat home, and that he was home before him; my husband kept a boat - I went out and saw it was my husband's boat, and told him he had better haul it in alongside the other boats, which he did, and came ashore - I saw twine in the boat in the course of the day; there was a large quantity - my husband was not at home; Lucas came to my house a short time after - he and Beadle then staid at my house, and spoke about the twine; I asked where they had left my husband - they said at Rotherhithe; they said they were glad the twine had come home safe - Lucas said so to Beadle; my husband did not deal in twine - he is a fisherman - when my husband came home they were in conversation together, and had a little money to divide among themselves; the twine was brought ashore, and put into our house; it was not removed from there before they divided the money; they went away, and returned next morning, the 17th, fetched a horse and cart, and took away the twine - they all three assisted in loading it. and my husband took it away in the cart; he has been transported for this offence; Beadle came down next day (Friday), and said Lucas had sent him to see if there was any money - I met him, and told him my husband was not at home; on the Monday he came down again, alone, to see if there was any money - he said he had come from Lucas; my husband was not at home: on Tuesday the officers searched our house - the twine had been all removed.
Q. Do you know where it had gone to? A. Yes, to Limehouse-cut - it was sunk under the water; I saw it there; after the officers were gone Lucas came down, and asked my husband, in my hearing, if it had been got rid of- my husband told him he had chucked it away, and would not have any thing more to do with it, and would not tell him where he had put it; Lucas was quite in a rage, and was very much dissatisfied; next day Beadle came, he said Lucas had sent him, and told him not to be afraid of speaking, for he would not be ranked in such a manner; my husband was taken about nine o'clock the same evening; the twine was found two or three days after - I went to Lucas, and told him my husband was taken; I found him at his lodgings at Rotherhithe - he told me not to fret, he would do his endeavours.
Lucas. I was never down at Orchard-house with Hook.
Witness. He was - what I have said of him is true; he has been taken up, and discharged since my husband was convicted.
Lucas. Since that she has said if she could transport me as well as her husband, she would do it, as well as laid in her power. Witness. Never, on my oath.
Beadle. She offered to sell some of the twine. Witness. I never did in my life.


                  AMELIA 
                  FITCH
               



            . I am single, and live with my father, in High-street, Poplar - he is a warehouseman. Hook came to hire a cart of my mother, and asked my mother if I might go down to Orchard-house, to tell his wife he wanted her; I went, and saw Lucas and Beadle there, at dinner - I saw no twine there: Mrs. Hook asked me to go and get a pot of beer, and when I brought it she asked me to stop dinner; I said I had dined; Lucas said I had better have some - I know nothing more; this was the same day as Hook had the cart, but before he had got it.


                  HANNAH 
                  JEFFREYS
               



            . I live by the Orchard-house, which is by the water-side, at Poplar, near the iron-bridge - I saw the prisoners at Hook's house on the 16th of December, about eleven o'clock in the morning, and about two in the afternoon I went there again, and they were sitting by the fire, with Hook, drinking porter - Hook asked me to drink, which I did - I went there again the following week, and saw Mrs. Hook and Beadle, in conversation; he said he had come from Lucas, who had told him not to be afraid to speak out, he would be rent in no such manner - Beadle said he had had no victuals for two or three days - she gave him some bread and meat, and asked if I had any money; I said, only 2d., which I lent her - she put a halfpenny to it, and told him to get a pint of beer with it as he went along - I never heard any thing about the twine from the prisoners - on Christmas-eve, when Hook was in custody, I went to the Thames-police, with Mrs. Hook, and saw a great quantity of twine - Mrs. Hook asked me to go over to Rotherhithe with her; I went to Mrs. Knight's, where Lucas lodged - he came in; Mrs. Hook told him her husband was taken - he told her to never mind, and not fret, for he would work his hands to stumps to support her and her family; he then said, "Never mind, if he don't say any thing, he will be cleared; and I will work to get him a counsel to defend him." - Mrs. Hook asked me again, to go to the office with her, at the last examination but one; I went, Lucas was then in custody, he sent one of the officers to say he wanted to speak to Mrs. Hook; she did not like to go, and I went to him, and told him Mrs. Hook could not come, and if he had a message I would deliver it to Mr. Hook; he told me to ask Mr. Hook if he had said any thing - I went to Hook, returned, and told Lucas that Hook said he had said nothing - he said, if he had not, they would get clear; and he would suffer the rope to go round his neck, rather than say any thing himself.
Lucas. I never told her any such thing. Witness. I am quite sure he did - my husband is a waterman; we live right opposite Hook.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRAY
               



            . I am a Thames-Police-officer. On the 23rd of December, at ten o'clock at night, I was at Bow-creek, Poplar, and took Hook on suspicion of this robbery - I took a quantity of twine that day out of Limehouse-cut, it was sunk under the water; I dragged up 2cwt. - it was afterwards claimed by Mr. Newman, and I took two coils from Lee-bridge; I found that in the house of Wicks.
WILLIAM JUDGE. I am a Thames-Police-officer. I was in company with my brother officers, and saw the twine found; here is a sample of it - I do not know whether the prisoners or Hook were acquainted with Wicks.
Mr. NEWMAN. I saw the twine at the office - this is part of it; I am sure it is the twine stolen - it was sworn to on the last trial; I know it to be my manufacture - it was kept locked up in my warehouse which was broken open.
Lucas' Defence. I know no more of it than a child unborn.
Beadle. I am innocent.
LUCAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.
BEADLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
