





583. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DENNIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Pyke
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN PYKE. I like in Charles-street, Sloane-terrace, Chelsea. On the 26th of March, I lost my handkerchief - I was not aware of it till I received information.


                  FREDERICK 
                  PYNE ANDREWS
               



            . I live at No. 5, Milman-place, Bedford-row. On the 26th of March, I was in Fleet-street


, about half-past three o'clock, and saw the prisoner in the act of taking a handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket - he was giving it to another boy, but I collared him immediately, and took it from him, and detained him - I told the prosecutor, and gave the handkerchief to him - he delivered it to the officer.
Prisoner. I am disabled of both my arms, and cannot put my hands into my pocket without assistance. Witness. He put his hand into Mr. Pyke's pocket - I did not notice in what way he put it in - I saw him take the handkerchief out of the pocket, and put it in his left hand, and was giving it to the other boy when I took it out of his hand myself, (out of the prisoner's left hand) - it was half out of the prosecutor's pocket when I first saw it - I saw him drawing it from the prosecutor's pocket.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I am a policeman. I have the handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent - I am disabled in both hands, and cannot use them without assistance.(The prisoner appeared to have an infirmity in his right hand, but not in the left.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
