



396. 




JOSEPH MEADE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of December, 27 trusses of straw, value 27s., the goods of 



Stephen Sawkins.






STEPHEN SAWKINS
. I live at Barking, and deal in hay and straw. On the 29th of December I had a load and a quarter of straw, which I brought to town on my own account—when I got to the Commercial-road the prisoner came up to me—I had never seen him before—he said, "How don the straw trade go?"—I said, "I hear it is rather dear to-day"—he said, "I am going up to town to buy a load for my master, Mr. Hunter, ironmonger, monger, Commercial-road"—he stood at their gate at the time—I said, "I have a load and a quarter"—he said, "A quarter does not signify"—he asked the price, "I said 38s., but as it was going in at the gate I would take 36s.,"—he said "Very well, we will have it," and told me to go into the back street, as he could not go in that way—when I got there, he said, "We have got another place, come on," and he took me further on, to the toll-bar in Back-lane, Cannon-street—the toll man ran after us for the money—he said, "I will pay you when 1 come back"—we turned the corner, by the chandler's shop—he then said, "Our clerk lives here; 1 am going to leave part of it here"—we unloaded three quarters of a load—he then said, "Come, on and let us unload the other"—he went on to the turnpike, sod paid the tollman—he then went before me, to get the gates open at Mr. Hunter's, to leave the rest, but I saw no more of him till last Saturday—he absconded—I ran back directly to the corn-chandler's where I bad left the three quarters of a load, and found he had been paid for it—1 expected to be paid when his master took it all in—he said he was the hub who belonged to that yard, and when 1 got to Hunter's, they said they did not know any thing at all about it—I did not mean to part with it without the money—he did not state to me who was to pay—he agreed for 36s. A load, and said he bought it for Mr. Hunter, the iron-founder, and that he was his groom—1 put the trusses off the cart to him, and he pitched them into the corn-chandler's passage—all the trusses were in his hands—I in tended to sell it to Mr. Hunter—I allowed him to take possession of it, under the belief that Mr. Hunter's clerk lived there—I believed he was telling me the truth all the time—I made do bargain to be paid for a part, but for the whole—I expected the money when I delivered the rest of it at Mr. Hunter's should not have left it there without being paid for it—I expected Mr. Hunter to pay for it.





ANN IVES
. I am the wife of James Ives, a corn-chandler, in Back road, St. George's. The prisoner came on the 29th of December, about half-past nine o'clock, and said he had a loud and a half of straw, he had sold three quarters of it to Mr. Hunter, and would I buy the remainder—I asked what it was a load—he said 33s.—I said my husband was not at home, but I would send for him—he said he would be back again in a few minutes—he went away, and I did not see him for an hour and a half or two hours—in the mean time, my husband came home and went out again—the prisoner came again, and asked if I would have the straw—I said I had only 1l. 2s. 6d. in the house—hesaid, "Never mind, I and your husband will arrange that when we come up again"—1 said, "Very well

leave it then"—the countryman then brought the straw to our door, and delivered twenty-seven trusses out of the cart to the prisoner, who put it into our yard—I paid the prisoner 1l. 2s. 6d., and I saw no more of him till he was in custody—Sawkins came in about a quarter of an hour, and asked I knew the man—I said, "No"—the prisoner brought the straw about half-past eleven o'clock—we very often buy straw in that way.





STEPBEN SAWKINS

re-examined. The prisoner first accosted me about eleven o'clock.





RICHARD BARBER
 (police-constable K 250.)In consequence of inform-action, I went to No. 5, Bluegate-fields, and found the prisoner under a bed there—I said I wanted him—he said, "What for?"—I said, "Do you recollect dealing with a countryman to-day about some straw?"—he denied it, bat afterwards said he had, and received 1l. 2s. 6d. on the straw—I found 4s. on him—the house was let out in apartments.





STEPHEN SAWKINS

re-examined. I should not have left the remainder of the straw at Hunter's without my money—if I had not been paid there I should have gone and taken away what I had left at the, corn-chandler's I did fro back when I found he had run away, but they would not give it me, because they had paid for it—Mr. Hunter's yard was no strange yard to me—I did not intend to lose sight of the prisoner till I got my money, but he went forward to open the gate—the corn-chandler's is not a quarter of a mile from Mr. Hunter's—it was a ready money bargain—it is always for ready money when we sell it going along—I did not mean to lose sight of the whole bulk of straw till I got paid for it—I would not have let him have the three quarters only.




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.
