



2273. 




THOMAS ROBERTS
 was again indicted

for stealing, on the 
22nd of September, at 
St. Sepulchre, 1 cloak, value 5l., the goods of 



James Dawson Harris: and 1 coat, value 30s.; and 1 cloak, value 30s.; the goods of 



Edward Thomas Complin, in his dwelling-house.






EDWARD THOMAS COMPLIN
. I am a surgeon, and live in Charterhouse-square, in the parish of St. Sepulchre. On Thursday evening between seven and eight o'clock. I was in the drawing-room, up one pair of stairs—one of my servants brought me a message, that a Mr. May had sent for his pattern-book—I knew nothing about May or his pattern-book—I suspected something wrong, and went down stairs—as I went our of the drawing-room the I hard the street door closed—I ran down, and miss some clock from the hall—I opened the door, ran out, and called "Stop thief" I saw a man running about twenty yards before me—I pursued him, calling out—I lost sight of him by persons staring between me and him to

pursue him—I came up in St. John-street, and found the prisoner in custody—I cannot say whether he is the man I pursued—finding he had no property on him, I hesitated about detaining him, but he was so out of breath and confused I determined to bring him back to my servant—I met a policeman—he brought him back to the house, and about twenty yards from my house a neighbour called to me that she had picked up the cloaks, and gave them to me—one cloak belonged to Mr. James Dawson Harris a gentleman, who bad just arrived at my house—the lowest value of it is 5l.—it cost fifteen guineas—there was a great-coat of mine, worth 30s. at the lowest and an India-rubber large cape, worth at least 30s., I gave two guineas for it—I am quite certain it was all missed at the certain all the articles together are worth 5l.—they were all missed at the same time.





ELIZABETH CULLUM
. I am servant to Mr. Complin. I was in the kitchen, beard the bell ring, and went up—I saw the prisoner—I am quite sure it was him—he said he came for Mr. May's pattern-book—I left him just inside the door, and went up to master in the drawing-room—I noticed the cloaks were in the passage just before the prisoner came and the coat also—master came down before me, and the door was just closed, and she was gone off with two great-costs and a cloak—he was brought back it about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—I am quite sure it was the prisoner—I stood at the door and hallooed "Stop thief"





MARY ANN PARKER
. I am the wife of John Parker, and live in Charterhouse-lane. On Thursday, the 22nd of September, I was standing at my shop door, and saw a man running from the square in a direction from Mr. Complin's house, with a parcel of something—he passed my shop window, and I saw him throw it down—I saw Mr. Complin coming through the gate, calling "Stop thief "—I clapped my hand and called "Stop thief"—he threw the cloaks down right against my door, and I took them up—Mr. Complin claimed them—I don't profess to speak to the prisoner as the man.





JOHN RICHARDS
. I live in Half-paved-court, Salisbury-square. Shortly before eight o'clock on Thursday evening, I was coming down St. John's street and heard the call of "Stop thief"—I saw a man running, and stopped him—it was the prisoner, and in a moment or two Mr. Complin came up—I requested him to come back to his house, and there the servant identified him as the man who was in the passage—he was the little out of breath from running—I stopped him about twenty or thirty yards from Charterhouse-square, and about 150 or 200 yards from the Complin's house—I observed him running about twenty yards—I did not see where he came from—he was running in a direction from the square.
(Property produced and sworn to)





EDWARD GROGAN
 (Police-constable G 183.) The prisoner was given into my custody.

Prisoner's Defence. I was walking up St. John's-street—I heard a cry of "Stop their—I to see what was the matter, Richards stopped me—I told him I done nothing.




GUILTY
. Aged 19—


Transported for Life

