




24. 




ANN POMFRET
 was again Indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of November, 1 purse, value 1d.; 6 sovereigns; and 11 shillings; the goods and monies of 



Thomas Crain.






THOMAS CRAIN
. I am a mariner, and lodge at the Ship, Bell-wharf stairs. Early in the morning of the 21st of November, I was in company with my shipmate, and fell in with the prisoner—another girl joined company with me—she took us to her house, No. 2, Upper John-street, and in about ten minutes asked for something to drink—we went out and got some drink—I changed a sovereign—I then had seven sovereigns about me—we had one pot of beer and a pint and a half of gin, which came to nearly 3s.—we went home and drank, and Moss laid down—the young woman who he came with, wished him to go to her lodging, but he would not, and she left—I went to bed with the prisoner—I gave her 3s.—I put my pantaloons under my head with a purse, 7 sovereigns and 11s. In it; and about five o'clock in the morning, I was awoke by feeling something over my face—I made a grab, And caught the pantaloons, and found there was nothing in the pockets—I seized the prisoner's hand, and asked her for my purse and sovereigns, and said, "You are robbing me"—I directly took out of her hand 1l. 11s.—I made an alarm, and sent Moss for an officer, as the candle the landlady brought nearly went out—the officer came, and found the purse outside the fender, and two rings inside the fender—I found no more of the money, except what the officer who took her found.





GEORGE MOSS
. When the alarm was given in the morning, as soon as the light came, I saw the prosecutor wrestling with the prisoner—he took my handkerchief off her neck, and gave it to me—I went for a candle and an officer, and when I came book, we found the purse and rings in the fireplace, but no money.





FREDERICK EGAR
. I am an officer. I was sent for—the prosecutor told me what had happened—I took the prisoner into custody, and searched the room as well as I could, but could find none of the property—I took her to the station-house, but found nothing on her at that time.





JOHN SKEWS
 (policeman K 57.) I saw the prisoner at the station-house—she called me to the door, and asked me to get her some coffee—I said I would if she would give me the money—she said, "Come inside"—I said, "No, I shall not come inside; what you have to say, I can hear"—she said, "Come inside; here, get me some coffee"—I heard something rattle in her month—she pulled a sovereign out of her mouth, and said, "You won't say any thing, will you?"—I said, "Give me the money, I will get your coffee"—she said, "I will give you 4s. If you will say nothing about it"—I reported the circumstance to the sergeant—we had her out, and examined the cell, and searched her as well as decency would permit, but found nothing, but the sovereign she had in her mouth—she was not searched before at our station-house—she was brought from King David-lane station-house.





MARY OSMOND
. I searched the prisoner at King David-lane station-house, before she was locked up—I found nothing on her.

Prisoners Defence. I gave him a sovereign, which I had received on the Wednesday evening did not offer him 4s.





JOHN SKEWS
. She met he sovereign out of her mouth, and offered me 4s. Out of it—the I heard was against her teeth.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
