





Before Mr. Justice Tannton.
622. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , on the 17th of January, and stealing 1 coat, value 3l., his property; and 1 hat, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Jones
                        




.


                  HENRY 
                  JONES
               



            . I live in Shepperton-street, Islington. On the 17th of January I was at my father's house, in Upper Chadwell-street, Pentonville


 - I was about leaving at a quarter to eight o'clock, and on going into the passage I saw a man running towards the front door, which was then open; I followed him out, crying Stop thief! and when I got three or four yards from the door I saw a hat dropped on the pavement from his hand, I suppose, but could not see distinctly from what part of him - he was not above two or three yards before me; I still followed him across Amwell-street, about fifty yards; then recollecting I had left the street door open I returned, and found my father at the door, with the hat in his hand - I found it was my own; I had hung it in the passage - I had no opportunity of seeing the man's face, but noticed his dress, which was peculiar - he had a drab great coat, with very large white buttons, and top boots - the moment Igot my hat I went in the direction the man took, and met the prisoner in the Policeman's hands - I suppose that was in less than three minutes; I recognized his dress immediately - he was obliged to hold up his coat as he ran, and I saw his top-boots; his figure and general appearance also corresponded - there were gas-lights in the street and in the shops which he passed, by which I saw the colour of his coat and the buttons - I have not a doubt of his being the same person; while he was being searched, in my father's passage, the great coat was brought in by another man - my brother had gone out about a quarter to seven o'clock, and I shut the door after him; I am certain I shut it - it has a common spring lock, and could not be opened outside without a key; my father and a niece about ten years old, were the only persons in the house.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. You closed the door after your brother? A. Yes; I continued in the back parlour with my father from then till I was going away - my father has one servant; she is not here - the nearest coach-stand to the house is at the Angel, which is about five minutes' walk; I saw the hat drop from the prisoner - he mustv have carried it before him, as I did not see it in his hand - when I left off following him, I told other persons to follow him, and am certain of him.
SAMUEL JONES. I live in Upper Chadwell-street. -When my son left the parlour I heard a rush - I immediately went to the front door, which I saw open, and heard my son cry Stop thief! a great many people were running - I went down the steps, and not two yards from there I took up this hat; my son returned in about a minute or a minute and a half - I gave him his hat, and he went back in pursuit; a crowd very shortly after brought the prisoner into the passage - the Policeman found on him a picklock-key, with wards at each end, and a latch-key; my great coat, which I had missed out of the passage, was brought in - it had hung on the same rail as the hat; a man brought it back at the same moment as the prisoner was brought in, and said he found it in Myddleton-square, which is about thirty-five yards from my house; I had heard my son Henry shut the door after my other son, about seven o'clock.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you remain in the parlour from that time till the alarm? A. Yes; I ran out directly I heard the alarm - the people were not near my house; they were running after the man, about fifty yards off - I saw my coat safe about six or half-past six o'clock; my maid servant was not at home.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HIX
               



            . I live at the Fountain, Amwell-street. I was in Upper Chadwell-street, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I followed the prisoner, who was running, and Mr. Henry Jones after him - I saw nobody else running at first; there was only us three in the street at that time - I know the prisoner by his person, his coat, and boots; he had very large buttons on his coat - the street was very light; there was a lamp at the corner - I could see his dress plainly; he had nothing about him at that time - I followed him about a hundred and fifty yards, and kept him in view all the while; a Policeman then came up in front, and took him - he was running as fast as he possibly could when the Policeman came up; he said, "You are mistaken in the person;" I followed him to the house, and saw two keys found in his inside breast pocket.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you a pot-boy? A. No, a plumber- I have worked for Mr. Bateman, Arlington-street, off and on, for four or five years; I was standing at the corner of the Fountain, for a necessary purpose, four or five doors from Jones' house; I lodge at the Fountain - I was quite sober; I had not been there above a minute when I heard the alarm, but my back was towards Jones' house; Mr. Jones was two or three doors from the house when I first saw him, and the prisoner almost close to him - he had not got the great coat then.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  BLACKWELL
               



            . I am a Policeman. I stopped the prisoner, as near as I can judge, at about a quarter to eight o'clock, in Solly-terrace - he was running very swiftly, and pursued by persons; he said, "You are mistaken in my person;" Myddleton-square is not between the prosecutor's house and where I stopped him; I found two keys on him, which I produce - I tried the skeleton-key; that would not open Mr. Jones' door - a hat was delivered to me by Mr. Jones, and a great coat was delivered to me, about nine o'clock, by Mr. 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Jones
               



            .
Cross-examined. Q. How many turnings are there between Jones' and where you took him? A. Two - I had seen people about.


                  HENRY 
                  JONES
               



            . This is my hat; I did not go near Myddleton-square in the pursuit; it lays in quite an opposite direction.




               GUILTY (of stealing the hat only)
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
