





1290. 




SARAH RATCLIFF
 was again indicted

 for stealing on the 
18th of April, 3 table cloths, value £2; 1 spoon, value 10s.; 2 brooches, value 5s. 1 pin, value 1s. mustard pot, value 1s. late rest, value 1s. and 1 printed book, ale 6d. the goods of 



Elizabeth Ann Webb, her mistress; and 



WILLIAM CAVEY
 and 




ELIZABETH CAVEY
 for feloniously receiving 1 spoon, part of the same, goods, well knowing it to be stolen.





JAMES BROWN
. I went with a search warrant to Cavey's house—Elizabeth Cavey was there, but not her husband—among other things, I found a table spoon in the bed room closet—the bed room door was locked, and Mrs. Cavey had the key—I asked where she got the spoon—she said her mother gave it to her some years, ago, when they were married—I took her into custody—I afterwards took Ratcliff, and called on her to produce her boxes—she opened them in my presence, and I found two table cloths—I searched afterwards and founds three table cloths, two mourning brooches, and on mourning pin, they were in this jewel case—she was in Clerkenwell prison at the time I found them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. The spoon is all you found at Mrs. Cavey's? A. Yes—they bore excellent characters.

Ratcliff Q. Was not the large table cloth hanging over the chair? Witness. Certainly not, it was in her box—at the first search we had nobody to identify the property, and we left them till the second search.





JOHN BEDFORD
. I am a police inspector. I was present when the spoon was found in Cavey's bed-room closet—I did not hear her give any account of it—I afterwards assisted in searching Ratcliff's boxes, and I found a plate rest, a book, and cruel stand.

Ratcliff Q. Did not you se the table-cloth over the chair? Witness Certainly not, it was in her box—after it, when she locked up her things, she put it in again, but it was in the box when we first searched it.





MARY NEWSOM
. I am grand daughter to Mrs. Webb, she is about ninety five years old, Ratcliff lived in the house as her servant—I belive this spoon to be hers'—here the remaning half dozen—there is one short—I have the care of her and her property—this table-cloth and two black brooches are her's, and all the things except the red case.

Cross-examined. Q. Are there any initials or crest on the spoon? A. No, they are a very old-fashioned spoon.

Ratcliff. Mrs. Webb only gave me one table-spoon, four tea-spoons, and one dessert-spoon. Witness. She two table-spoons—the plate was in my care—I had the plate-chest.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Had she the opportunity of taking plate, if she choose? A. I do not live with Mrs. Webb, but had her plate-chest in my care—I

go to the house every day—the spoon was not missed till it was found—I do not sleep there.

Ratcliff. The brooch was given to me by my mistress, and the smaller one by her grandson, and she had told me to do as I liked with every thing—my things were all mixed with her's—the two small table-cloths were given to me by my mistress, and I marked them "S. R." in her presence. Witness. Their things were not mixed—she had her things in a drawer, but not mixed with her mistress's.





JAMES BROWN

re-examined. I found there table-cloths in the box—I asked the prisoner for the keys at the second examination, and she gave them to me—I found the boxes locked—I took Miss Newsom to look at the things—the large table-cloth is marked "Newsom"—I found no mark on the others—they were as I found them in her box.





MARY NEWSOM
, re-examined. My grandmother's name was formerly Newsom—she never gave things away, she always gave money—I know she gave Ratcliff a footstool and a pair of stockings.

RATCLIFF—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

ELIZABETH CAVEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—



Confined Six Months


WILLIAM CAVEY—


NOT GUILTY
.
