




62. 




THOMAS HOLDING
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of November, I sack, value 2s., and 1/2 bushel of peas, value 4s., the goods of 




Isaac Ratfort, his master, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






RICHARD HEMMINGS
 (police-constable K 47.) On the 8th of November, at a quarter-past seven o'clock in the morning, I was in Bow Fair-field, near the church—Mr. Ratford's premise are there—he has a homestead, and barn there—I saw the prisoner about forty or fifty yards form the barn, coming form it—making his way into Old Ford-foot-path in the meadow—he had something under his arm, and something in his right hand—I thought it strange, and went towards him, to meet him—as soon as got to the end of the field, he looked at me, and threw what he had over his shoulder—he ran, I pursued, and sprang my rattle, and he got over a bank, I then lost sight of him—he was taken about eleven o'clock in the morning—when I saw him in the morning he had a cap on, and a flannel jacket—I knew him before—I picked up this sack over the first bank, where he had jumped over—when I was called to the station-house to see him at eleven o'clock, I said he was the person, but there was some alteration in his clothes—my inspector ordered me to take one of the shoes he had on, and one form those he had at home—I went to the marks where he got over—I placed a boot on the track, it fitted the marks in all respects,

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Why was it you examined the boot mark? A. I could see the shoes had not made the mark—they were very small nails, but the boots fitted the marks—he had the shoes on when I saw him at eleven o'clock—he was about forty or fifty yards form the barn when I first saw him—It was a fine clear morning—I was about sixty yards form him—I had no doubt he was the man, because I knew him quite well—I swore positively to him before the Magistrate—I told the inspector what I have said here, when he told me to go, and get the boots—that was before I went to the Magistrate.





ISAAC RATYOAD
. I am a market-gardener, and farmer, I have a homestead at Bow—the prisoner worked as labourer for me, for five years—there was no reason for his being at the barn that morning—this sack is mine—It is a seed, sent to me with seed in it—It is not marked—they charge me for them—we may keep them, or return them as we please—these peas are mine—I know they were thrashed, and in the barn—I keep the barn locked.

Cross-examined. Q. You Keep the barn locked? Yes—I have always been as positive about the sack—I have no other mark on it, but that it is a seed sack—I know it by my peas being in it they are not split peas—they are clean—I go into the barn every day—the peas lay there in sacks I swear they are mine—I have a sample form the bulk.





RICHARD JAMES
. I went to the barn on Monday morning, and saw the things were different, and as much as a peck and a half of peas were gone—I thrashed these peas—they are as much a like as can be—I can see no difference.

Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent—I was at home till about a quarter past seven o'clock—I cannot say to a minute or two—I was not called out of bed till past seven o'clock.





ELIZA BALL
. The prisoner lodged with me, On the morning of this transaction I called him at a few minutes past seven o'clock.

COURT, Q. How far is your house form Mr. Ratfords? A. I suppose ten minutes walk—the prisoner has lodged with me eight months—my husband lives at home at home with me—I have known the prisoner between four and five years I never talked to him about where he came form—I

called him at past seven o'clock on that Sunday morning—there is a pair of stairs between his room and mine—I called him by his name—he only dressed once that morning—he has a pair of boots, an a pair of shoes—I did not see him when he went out—I saw him come home—he had this light shoes on—he always puts on hoses on Sunday—I could not help seeing him—he had on the same coat as he has now—he has two coats—I have no use of r peas—I have no pigs—the prisoner did not answer when he was called—he did not make any particular answer—he made some answer—I do not mean to say that he was awake.




GUILTY
, (but not of the former conviction).—Aged 22.



Transported for Seven Years.
