





Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Gurney.
1582. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BROMBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of October
, 1 watch, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Morgan
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I am a servant out of place
. On the 6th of October, I met the prisoner at a house in Oxford-street, and went with her to a house in Oxford-buildings


 - while I was in the room, I had occasion to take off part of my clothes - I took my watch out, and laid it on a table - I afterwards took it up, and put it in my pocket again - she said, before she went she would have something to drink - I said, whatever she liked I would pay for - she took something, and then I laid down on the bed with her, with the watch in my fob - I got up, and went out of the house with her, and did not miss my watch till about five o'clock in the evening - this was between three and four o'clock in the afternoon - I had appointed to meet her next day at three o'clock in the Park, and I went next day, but she did not come- I went about six o'clock in the evening, and gave information to the police - I saw her next day in custody of apoliceman at the same house - I told her she had taken my watch from me the evening before, and if she would give it up, she might go about her business - she did not give it me- the duplicate was found on her - she said she had pawned it, and that she took it off the table - I swear that I put it in my pocket, and did not take it out afterwards.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you been drinking that day? A. I had during the morning; from the time I left my lodging before I met her, I had three glasses of ale - that was between nine and three o'clock - I cannot say how many public-houses I went to - I did not drink any thing at the house I went to with the prisoner - gin was sent for, at my expense, by her desire - but I did not desire it to be sent for - I drank none of it - I gave 6d. or 1s. for it - I believe it was 1s. - I was quite sober - the watch-chain was not put about my neck by the prisoner - I did not go down stairs and return again - I swear I was quite sober - the person who was with me that afternoon, is in France now - I did not miss my watch for an hour - I went straight home after leaving the prisoner, and at tea-time was asked what o'clock it was, and missed it- the prisoner did not state that I had left the watch with her until I should meet her next day - I was not present when she gave up the duplicate - I went to a house after she was in custody, and she there threw down the duplicate on the table, and said there it was for me if I wished - I was lodging at No. 48, Park-street, then.


                  JOHN 
                  MARTIN HAY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a watch, which I received from the prisoner on the 7th of October - I lent her 15s. on it, and gave her a duplicate.


                  ROBERT 
                  FRANCE
               



            . I am a policeman. I went with the prosecutor to apprehend the prisoner - she threw a duplicate on the table, and took it up afterwards - I took it from her hand - I had seen the prosecutor the day before I apprehended her.


                  JOHN 
                  MARTIN HAY
               



            . This is the duplicate I gave her.(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY of Stealing, but not from the person
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
