






NEW COURT, Friday, May 16, 1834.
Fifth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
792. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     AMOS 
                     BARRETT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., of a man unknown, from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TIPPER
               



             (police-constable F 152). On the 24th of April, I was at the corner of Russell-street


, near Drury-lane Theatre, at eleven o'clock at night - the King and Queen went to the theatre that night - I saw the two prisoners - I watched them some time - I saw them sound the pockets of several gentlemen - I then saw Barrett draw a handkerchief out of a gentleman's pocket, and give it to Taylor, who put it in his coat pocket - I secured them on the spot, and gave one of them to an officer - I could not get to the gentleman, as the mob was so great.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Does the handkerchief bear any mark? A. No; I saw it taken from the gentleman's pocket - I had no other officer with me, but I called one who was a few yards from me - there were hundreds of people - if I had called to one of the standers by, I might have lost the prisoners - one of the prisoners might have said, "We have done nothing."
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say in answer to that, "I do not say you have done any thing, only I may find a fogle or two about you?" A. No; I might have used the word fogle - I said they had robbed a gentleman - I found four handkerchiefs on one of the prisoners, in his hat and pockets - I saw them sound a great many pockets - I did not take them at that time, as I might have been mistaken in their design.
(
               
                  John 
                  Grant
               



            , a silver-smith of Oakley-street - 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Holmes
               



            , and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Tyler
               



            , gave Taylor a good character.)
WILLIAM TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.


                  AMOS 
                  BARRETT
               



             - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
