





1977. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ORAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Harriot 
                        Bullock
                     




                  , on the 21st of September
, and stealing 1 pair of spectacles, value 2s.; 4 shirts, value 2l.; 1 night-gown, value 1s.;1 cravet value 6d., and 1 yard of calico, value 2d.
            , her property.


                  HARRIOT 
                  BULLOCK
               



            . I am a widow
, and live in Old Fish-street-hill


 - I am a laundress
. On the 21st of September, about half-past four o'clock, I was at home, on the ground floor; I never open the front room door -I heard a noise, as if something stumbled; I opened the door quick, and the prisoner stood in the passage, close at the street door, trying to open it, with my clothes at his feet, which had been on my ironing table in the back room - I had seen them there a quarter of an hour before all safe; when I opened the door he said, "Have not you got a cellar to let?" I looked down, and said, "What do you do with my ironing clothes?" he said he had not touched them; he was going away, but I saw my spectacles in his waistcoat pocket - they had been taken from the inside room, by the side of the ironing clothes; he was a stranger - the street door is always kept shut, but not locked; it fastens with a spring - five families lodge in the house; I saw the door shut a quarter of an hour before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a constable. I was called for, and took the prisoner in charge; I found three padlocks, two keys, and a latch-key on him - the keys fit the locks, except one, which is a square one.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The spectacles are my own; I am a leather-dresser, and lately discharged from the army- I saw a bill in her window, and went to ask about it; directly she opened the door she asked if the things were mine.
MRS. BULLOCK. The spectacles are mine - I saw them a quarter of an hour before.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
