



1253. 




JAMES MARCHMONT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of May, at 
Hayes, 1 mare, price 12l., the property of 



Alfred William Hurley, and others.






THOMAS SHACKLE
. I am in partnership with Alfred William Hurley and John Shackle, at Hayes. This mare was the property of the firm—it was worth 20l.—I lost it on Friday night, the 4th of May—I have since seen it—it was brought back on the following Wednesday, by Murray, the constable.





THOMAS STANMORS
. I live at Hayes, in Middlesex, and am a labourer in the prosecutors' employ—they are brick-makers. On Friday, the 4th of May, they had a dark brown cart-mare—I saw it safe at half-past eight o'clock at night, locked in the stable—I went again the next morning, at a quarter to five o'clock, and she was gone—the door was burst open—the lock was broken—I have since seen the mare in Murray's possession.






WILLIAM SMITH
. I live at Shinfield, in Berkshire, about twenty-nine miles from Hayes, and am a farmer. On Saturday morning, the 5th of May, I was in my farm-yard, about half past six o'clock, and saw the prisoner leading this mare—the mare was cool, but she was very white indeed, as if she had been ridden hard during the night—I asked him where he was going with it—he said to Burfield—I asked him who to—he said some name, which I do not know—I said there was no such name there—he said he was not going there, but going by there, and through different places to Marlborough—I did not feel satisfied, and sent two of my men after him, on foot—I then saw him get up on the mare, and ride—I then got my nag out, and went after him, and he was brought back, with the mare—I had him locked up, and advertised the mare in the "Hue and Cry," and delivered it to Murray—I have seen it since—it is the same mare as the prisoner had.





CHARLES JAMES MURRAY
. I am a constable of Uxbridge. In consequence of information, I went to Shinfield, and Smith produced the man—I brought her to the prosecutor, who claimed it.





GEORGE STAPLE
. I am a bricklayer. I went by Mr. Smith's premises on Saturday morning, the 5th of May, between six and seven o'clock, and about a hundred yards from Smith's premises, I saw the prisoner leading the brown mare—Smith sent two men after him—I saw the prisoner mount the mare then, and ride as fast as she could go, as it was very fatigued—Smith gave me his nag—I overtook the prisoner, and brought him back—he then said, "D—the mare, I wish I had never seen her"—I said, "You must go back, and give an account of yourself"—he said he brought her from Reading—she appeared to have come further than that.

Prisoner's Defence. About a quarter past five o'clock in the morning of the 5th of May, I met a man who asked if I wanted a job—I said I should be glad of one—he gave me the horse to take from Burford to Charlford—I was to put it up at night and meet him at Marlborough, about half-past five o'clock.




GUILTY
. Aged 17—


Transported for Ten Years.
