



286. 




JOHN JONES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of November, 1 live tame pheasant, value 3l., the goods of 



Sarah Jane Atkins.







JOHN ATKINS, ESQ. AND ALDERMAN
. I reside at Halstead, in Kent. On the night of Saturday, the 29th of November, or the Sunday morning, I had three aviaries broken open on my lawn, and, among other birds, a white Chinese pheasant was taken away—I think it had been safe on the Saturday, but I am not sure that I saw it—it was the property of my daughter, Sarah Jane Atkins—I have seen it since; it was discovered in London—it was a tame pheasant, and is still alive.





WILLIAM AVERN
. I live with Mr. Rosier, a poulterer, in Leadenhall-market. On the 1st of December, a man came and asked me if I would buy a white pheasant—he went and brought up the prisoner, who had the pheasant in his pocket—this is it—it is a silver white pheasant, with a long tail—I asked him the price—he said 10s.—I asked where he got it—he said, at East Grinstead—I had received information that one of that description had been stolen from Alderman Atkins, and I sent word—Mr. Lane came and identified the bird—the prisoner and the other man ran out of the shop—the prisoner was overtaken and brought back—I am quite sure he is the man who had the pheasant in his pocket—I took it out myself.

Prisoner. I never offered it at all. Witness. He had it in his pocket, and told me the price.





JAMES LANE
. I am in the employ of Mr. Alderman Atkins. I went to Mr. Hosier's shop on the 1st of December—I saw the prisoner and this bird—I asked the prisoner if he knew Mr. Alderman Atkins—he said, "No"—I asked him if he knew Halstead—he said, no, that he came from East Grinstead—I turned to look at the bird, and the prisoner and the other man ran off, but I hardly lost sight of the prisoner.





JAMES BEUMAN
 (City police-constable No. 26.) I took the prisoner in King William-street, about three hundred yards from Mr. Rosier's shop, which is in Leadenhall-market, in the City of London.





MISS SARAH JANE ATKINS
. I know the aviary from which this pheasant was taken—it was safe on the 29th of November, at three o'clock in the afternoon, and I missed it on the following morning, when I went to feed it.

Prisoner's Defence. A person gave it me to hold—I did not offer it for sale.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
