





1549. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     KETCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of September
, 1 ring, value 3s.; 1 cornelian stone, value 2s.; 1 pair of buckles, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary Ann 
                           Starnes
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 tea-spoon, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Keating
                        



                     
                  ; and 6 oz. of silk twist, value 10s.; and 1 snuff-box, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cannor
                        



.
JOHN CANNOR. I am a tailor
, and live in Bryanston-street


, the prisoner had been my servant
 three or four months. 
               
                  George 
                  Keating
               



            's daughter told me her servant had been robbed; I called the prisoner, she denied knowing any thing of it - I wished to have her boxes searched, she made no objection to that; I found a number of articles of mine; we then looked between two beds, and found these other articles; I took her to the station-house; this six dozen of silk twist, and this snuff-box are my property.


                  JAMES 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a ring and a cross, pawned by a woman, but not the prisoner, in the name of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Starnes
               



            .


                  THOMAS 
                  PROCTER
               



             (police-constable D 25). I searched the prisoner, she said she had destroyed the duplicates, but told me where to find the ring and the cross.
MARY ANN STARNES. I am servant
 to Mr. George Keating this ring and cross are mine, they were in this tea-caddy, which I kept locked, and I found it locked, but the things were gone.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
