





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
1328. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HAYDON
                  




               
             was indicted for, that 


               he, on the 17th of June
, feloniously did forge a certain order, for the payment of 300l. with intent to defraud 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Praed
                        




                     
                   and others
            , against the statue, &c.
2nd COUNT for feloniously offering, uttering, disposing of, and putting off a like forged order with the like intent.
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution.


                  CLARK 
                  EDWARD TOMALIN
               



            . I am clerk to 
               
                  William 
                  Praed
               



             and others, banker
s, Fleet-street


. On the 17th of June last, this cheque (looking at it) was presented to me - I know John Davis, a customer of our house; I paid 300l. for this cheque, by giving two notes of 100l., three notes of 20l., and four notes of 10l.; I have no recollection of the person who presented it - I believed the signature to be genuine, it was presented by a man.
Cross-examined by MR. DAWSON. Q. Do you know the prisoner? A. I have seen him, he has been frequently at our house; I should have recollected if it had been him; it was not him.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a newspaper vender, and live at No. 47, Broad-street, St. Giles'. The prisoner was in my service upwards of four years, and left on the 16th of June, without giving any notice (looking at the cheque) - I believe this to be his hand-writing; he has made my bills out every week, for upwards of four years - I saw his writing every day in the week; I did not see him again until the 25th of August, when I saw him in Cork gaol - I went there to identify him - I got to Cork on the 25th of August, he was detained on my charge, and brought here to be tried - one hundred and thirty-two sovereigns were found on his brother, as I understood - I had sent the prisoner to my bankers, with my banking book, on the 16th of June, before he absconded; that enabled him to ascertain what balance I had, which was about 320l.; this is a printed cheque which Praeds issue to all their customers; and I stamp all my cheques with, "Davis, 47, Broad-street," this is stamped so, and I swear it must have been in my possession - I might have had the cheque-book in my pocket, or in my desk, and he could get access to it - when I went to see him at Cork gaol, the gaoler said to him "Your name is Smith," he said, yes; his name while with me was Haydon.
Cross-examined. Q. Would you tell me is that writing like your hand-writing? A. It is something similar, or the banker would not have paid him - it is not like the prisoner's common hand-writing, he has tried to imitate mine - it is a feigned hand, but it is the prisoner's writing.
Q. Is it not possible a hand being feigned to resemble yours, may have some slight resemblance to another person's without its being that other person's? A. It is possible, but it is exactly as the prisoner writes, and makes out the bills, a kind of up and down - I have not the least doubt of its being his hand-writing.
COURT. Q. You saw nothing of him till you apprehended him? A. No; he had given me no notice to quit.
MR. DAWSON. Q. Have you not frequently known people mistake in person's hand-writing? A. I have heard of such a circumstance; but I know his hand so well, being so long in my service; his writing is something similar to mine - I have not a doubt he copied one of my old cheques - I have nobody in my employ besides him that could write it - I do not know how the cheque was got; I could not have lost it - it was torn out of my cheque book - the book was generally in my desk, of which I keep the key, or I sometimes had it in my pocket; I kept the key in my pocket; I hang my coat up when I have not got it on - I have a neice and brother in my service - nobody could get at the cheques but the prisoner - the notes paid for the cheque were changed at the Bank, and had his brother's name on them; his brother could not get at my cheques.
Q. You say the prisoner knew you had 300l. in the bank, how did he know that? A. By seeing my book which he took to the bankers on the 15th of June, and left it there to be made up - my book was not returned till the Wednesday - my book had not been made up for three weeks; but I had been down at Hastings, and had not drawn any cheques.
MR. BODKIN. Q. He knew no drafts had been drawn out during the three weeks? A. Yes; nobody but himself would know that - I hung my coat up sometimes in my parlour - I wore an old coat in doors - the prisonerknew every motion of mine about the house; he could take the book out of my pocket; he might take my coat down to brush or beat; he did that about twice a week, perhaps on Wednesdays and Saturdays.(The Cheque was here put in and read.)
 - Davey, publican; 
               
                  Robert 
                  Renman
               



            , Black-horse-yard; 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Golman
               



            , Edmund Kelly, St. John-street; and - Mitchell 80, Old Broad-street, gave the prisoner a good character.
COURT to DAVIS. Q. Was the cheque written in the usual way you write your cheques, there appears a letter too much? A. No, it is not; there is not a letter too much.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
