





Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.
77. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Ryder
                     




                  , on the 30th of October
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 3 half-crowns, his monies
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  RYDER
               



            . I am a book-binder
, and live in Whitecross-street. On Saturday night, the 29th of October, I was returning from Clare-market, and near the Cat public-house, Beech-street


, I saw the prisoner and two others, sky-larking - the two outside ones shoved the prisoner against me; he immediately thrust his hands into my pocket, and took out three half-crowns, and out of my left hand pocket a brown bag - I immediately collared him, and said, "You have robbed me - I will not let you go till you have given up my money;" he then knocked me down with a blow on my right eye, and fell with me, as I did not lose my hold - I called for help several times, and a stranger came up; I was then on the ground, with the prisoner on the top of me - I said, "I shan't give him up to you - I doubt whether you are not one of his palls;" an officer directly came up, and took him from me; I had not let him out of my hands till then - I told the Policeman he had robbed me of three half-crowns; he said nothing, and was taken to the station - my pocket was torn down about three inches, and my money gone; I was not exactly sober, but perfectly in my senses; and noticed my money safe about two minutes before I met the prisoner.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where did you see it safe? A. I had my hand in my pocket, and felt it; I was coming from the house of call in Stanhope-street, Clare-market - I am sure I lost three half-crowns and my bag, but I saw him give something to one of the two before I was knocked down, and he said, "Cut with that as quick as you can;" that man ran towards Golden-lane - as soon as I was down he told the prisoner to slog me; I had left work at about a quarter-past ten o'clock - I work in Bateman's-row, Shoreditch; I did not go home, because I was afraid I should be too late to get to the society - I received a sovereign and a half and four half-crowns that night; I gave my wife the sovereign and a half - she works at the same shop as me; I did not tell her I could only give her a sovereign, because I had been robbed by a woman - my pockets were unbuttoned when I was robbed; I had paid 2s. for a trade ticket: I never said I was so drunk I did not know what I had lost.


                  GEORGE 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I am a butcher, and live in Hoxton. I was in Beech-street, and heard Watch! cried several times; I approached the spot, and the prosecutor was holding the prisoner by the collar - another young man stood with him, who when I came up, said to the prisoner,"Down him, slog the b - r, slog him" - they were then standing up; the prisoner instantly knocked the prosecutor down - they both fell together, the prosecutor underneath - I then laid hold of the prisoner, and he said to the other, "Cut;" he immediately went away - I kept the prisoner till the Policeman came up, and took him; the prosecutor would not let him go till the Policeman took him - I saw him searched at the station, and three half-crowns, three sixpences, and some halfpence found on him.
cross-examined. Q. As soon as the other said slog him, he knocked the prosecutor down? A. Yes, and after he was down the prisoner said cut - the prosecutor was not quite sober, but sufficiently so to know what happened.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am an ivory-worker, and live in Clerkenwell. I was in Beech-street, and saw the prisoner and prosecutor standing together, with one or two more - when I was about twelve yards off I saw the prosecutor fall; I came up, and took up his hat, which laid in the kennel - I then assisted in securing the prisoner; in a short time the Policeman came up, and took him; I saw the money found on him at the station - the prosecutor was a good deal in liquor, but knew what he was about.
Cross-examined. Q. He was drunk enough not to walk steady? A. Why, the blows might have made him worse, but he walked to the station without help - when I first saw them they were all standing together, as I thought in conversation, but when I had walked six yards further, the prosecutor fell; I was about eighteen yards off - I did not see his pocket picked; I heard some words spoken before I got up, but do not know what nor by whom - I saw one or two run away; the prisoner said,"Let me go, and let this man take me into custody" - so I thought the one who ran away was assisting the prosecutor to secure the prisoner; I did not hear the word cut used to my knowledge - they were standing very close together.


                  MATTHEW 
                  PEAKE
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was in Chiswell-street, and heard a cry of Watch! I proceded to the spot, and the first thing I saw was the prosecutor on hisback, and the prisoner over him - the prosecutor saw me, and said, "Hold him;" I collared him, and he asked me to let him go; I refused - the prosecutor got up, and said he had lost some money; I said, "How much," but do not recollect how much he said - I took him to the station, and found on him three half-crowns in his left-hand waistcoat pocket; three sixpences and some halfpence in his right hand pocket - the prosecutor had been drinking, but appeared to know what he was about, and walked steady.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever recollect how much he said he had lost? A. Never; I know he mentioned a sum - I never stated that he said he had only lost one half-crown; he said at the station, that he had lost three-I do not know what sum he mentioned when I took the prisoner; he never, in my hearing, said he had lost only one half-crown - the prisoner did not refuse to be searched till he said what he had lost; I never told the prosecutor to stick to his story - there was a prostitute by, and somebody tried to trip me up; two prostitutes and a boy followed him to the station - I saw no woman within a yards or two of him when I got up.
Prisoner's Defence. One witness has been bribed to keep away, who could prove he gave his wife only a sovereign that night.


                  ANN 
                  LEE
               



            . I sell fruit in Whitecross-street. I do not know the prisoner; I was present on this Saturday night, and heard the prosecutor say he had lost half a crown - that was close against the Cat, at the corner of Whitecross-street; the Policeman was not there.
Q. Who was there? A. I saw the prosecutor wrestling with a young man in the street; the young man got away, and ran away - I saw the prisoner come up to them; the prosecutor was very drunk; I heard him say he had lost half a crown - I followed them to the station, and waited outside the door; when the prosecutor got there, he said he had lost three half-crowns - he staggered very much indeed.


                  JOHN 
                  TOPLEY
               



            . I have known the prisoner four months. I am a hawker, and live in Prospect-terrace, Gray's Inn-road; I was at the Bull's Head, Smithfield, on Saturday night about twelve o'clock, and he called in there - he had four half-crowns, one was a new one; he changed one to pay for gin - he left five or ten minutes after twelve o'clock.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
