





860. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of May
, at St. Marylebone, 1 bridle, value 1s.; 1 halter, value 1s.; and 1 horse, value 12l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles Vare 
                     Sigston
                  




               
            .
2nd COUNT, for stealing a gelding.


                  CHARLES 
                  VARE SIGSTON
               



            . I drive a cabriolet


. I live in Cochrane-terrace, St. John's-wood. On Saturday morning, the 3rd of May, I had this pony for sale - it is an entire horse, not a gelding - I put the bridle and saddle on it, and a ribbon on it, and a halter round its neck, to show he was for sale - Huet rode him into Hyde-park, and to various places about Paddington and Marylebone, and stopped at the Constitution public-house, Marylebone


 - I saw the prisoner there - I and Huet were at the door - the prisoner came up to us - we were drinking a pint of beer, and Huet asked him to drink - he knew him before - he drank with us, and asked if the pony was for sale - Huet said it was - the prisoner went into a public-house, and brought out a pint of beer - I drank, and went and sat on the railing - I then went and got a pipe of tobacco, and when I came out the pony was gone, and the prisoner also - in consequence of what Huet said I remained there until half-past eleven at night - I missed it between six and seven - neither the pony nor the prisoner made their appearance - I found the pony at the Red Lion, Harrow-road, on the Sunday afternoon - the ribbon and halter were then gone - the pony is worth 12l. - the bridle and saddle about 30s. - I knew the pony again directly.

Cross-examined by MR. STAMMERS. Q. How long had you known Huet? A. A fortnight - he was not my servant - he was never employed to sell a pony for me before.
COURT. Q. Do you mean to say he was employed to sell the pony on this occasion? A. Never - he was not with me- he was never employed to sell ponies for me.
MR. STAMMERS. Q. Had Huet ever been authorized before, to sell horses and ponies for you? A. He never was - it had been out of my possession from six o'clock on Saturday night till five o'clock on Sunday evening, when I found him a mile and a half from where I lost him - I have reason to believe he had been further, for it was very much injured, and his legs all in a trembling and shaking - I drank with Huet and the prisoner - I had seen Huet about employed by people clipping - I had never seen the prisoner before - he appeared quite sober to me.
COURT. Q. You have been accustomed to horses? A. I have - the pony appeared jaded and trembling, as if he had been rode about - I had been looking for him the whole of Sunday, though he was found so near.


                  JAMES 
                  HUET
               



            . I am a horse clipper and trimmer - I was assisting the prosecutor to sell the pony - I was riding him on Saturday, the 3rd of May, to get a customer - I was at the Constitution public-house, Lisson Grove, at half-past four o'clock, and was riding the horse - the prisoner came up while I was there - I have known him for years - he is a charcoal burner - he came up, and asked me if the pony was for sale - it had red ribbons on, and a halter round its neck - I said it was for sale - he asked the price - I said fifteen guineas - he said he would give me five - Sigston was either inside the door or close to the door - I said I could not take any such money - he said, "Let me look at it, get up, and ride him" - I got up on it, and rode him, and then gave him to William Smith, to run him up and down, for the prisoner to see that it was not lame, and after that he followed Smith and me down, and said he would get up, and ride it himself, and if he liked it, he would buy it- he jumped on, and I told him not to go out of the street - I said I would sell the pony if he would give the money for it, but the least I could take should be twelve guineas - I am sure I told him not to ride him out of the street - he got up, turned to the right, and went away - I never saw him again that day - I went to the Constitution with Sigston, and never left till half-past eleven o'clock - he never came there - I found the prisoner at eight o'clock on Sunday morning in bed at his friend's house - I cannot tell the name of the street - it is almost close to where the pony was taken from - I asked where the pony was - he said he did not know - I said if he did not tell me where it was, I must go and tell the owner, as it was intrusted to my care to sell - he got out of bed, and went to a barber's shop - I said, "Taylor, do tell me where the pony is" - he was rather in liquor then, I think - I cannot tell whether he was in liquor when he went off with the pony - he said he would go and have his beard off - I went and saw the prosecutor - I told him I had seen the prisoner, but he did not know where it was - the prisoner told me he thought it was gone down into the country - we got a policeman to look about, and at last it was found - I saw it at the Red Lion about half-past five o'clock - it was the same pony.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known the prisoner? A. About five years - I have been intimate with him, and found him always honest - the real value of the pony is about twelve guineas - that was the lowest price I was permitted to take for it - the prosecutor authorized me to sell it, by taking it round the park - I did not help the prisoner to get on the pony - at the latter end of the conversation I told him not to go out of the street - he rode away with it directly after I told him that - he told me if he liked it he would have it at fifteen guineas, which I asked him - if he had bid me twelve guineas, I should have taken it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was at the Constitution - the pony stood at the door - Huet told me to give it some water, which I did - they were talking about the price of it - Huet said, "Will you run this pony down the street?" and I ran it down the street twice - I came back, and the prisoner said, "Let me get on it, see how I can make it go" - he jumped on - Huet said, "Do not go out of the street" - he said, "I shall be back in a few minutes;" and that was all I saw of him - Huet told me to stand at the corner to see if he came back - I stood there about an hour - he did not come in that time.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear the whole conversation? A. I did not - when I got up, Huet and the prisoner were talking about the price, but I was not attending - I heard no price - the took pony, and away he went - I never saw the prisoner before - he appeared to me to be sober.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BATES
               



            . I am ostler at the Red Lion, Westburn-green. I first saw the pony about ten o'clock on Saturday evening - the prisoner called there on it, and had half a pint of beer - there was no red ribbon in the bridle then, nor any halter on - he went away, and on Sunday morning, about five o'clock, he brought the pony there again, and gave him into my care - and about five o'clock in the evening the prosecutor came and owned it.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known him? A. About two months - he is a charcoal burner - he uses a horse and cart.
JURY. Q. Did any conversation take place between you and the prisoner? A. Not a word - he told me to take it to the stable and give it hay and water - he was in the habit of coming to our premises.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am a policeman - I searched for the prisoner, and took him about two hours after the pony was found on Sunday morning.
The prisoner called


                  ANN 
                  LITTLE
               



            . I live at the top of Stamford-street - in the centre of the street the pony was rode up and down all day - I was at my door - I saw Huet hold the bridle in one hand, and put the saddle in his hand for Taylor to get on the pony, and pull his smock-frock away for him to sit down - Taylor appeared quite drunk, so that he could not sit steady on it.


                  JAMES 
                  BLAKE
               



            . I have known the prisoner fourteen or fifteen years - he is a hard-working man - he kept a public-house part of the time, but was in the habit of taking too much to drink - I keep a coal shed - Taylor came on Saturday evening to my house with the pony, and a gentleman with him - he was intoxicated, and could not sit on it - it was about six o'clock - the gentleman came to know if I knew the prisoner, and asked me if it was safe to buy thepony of him - I said, "Have you offered him any thing for the pony?" - he said, "I have offered him £5" - I told the gentleman he should not buy a pony of a tipsy man.
GUILTY. Aged 36. - 


               Recommended to mercy on account of good character
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
