





2016. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CONDREN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
, two 100l. Bank notes, and an order for payment of 30l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John Phillips 
                     Beavan
                  




               
            , his master.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  PHILLIPS BEAVAN
               



            . I am a solicitor
, and live in Sackville-street - the prisoner was in my service as porter
 for about eight months. On Thursday, the 29th of September, I gave him two 100l. Bank notes and a cheque for 30l.; I desired him to leave the two 100l. notes at my bankers, Sir C. Scott and Co., and to bring me the money for the cheque - he did not return; I found him in custody at Liverpool on the following Monday; when I went into the room I said."I am sorry to see you in this situation: you are the last man in the world I should suppose would be guilty of such conduct" - he said he was very sorry for it, that it was the first time he had ever committed a wrong act, and he said a 100l. note which was found on him was mine also one hundred and three sovereigns, which he said he got in exchange for the other 100l. note and the cheque- I have recovered 203l.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You believe it is his first offence? A. Yes - he bore an excellent character from several masters with whom he lived many years- he could have robbed me of 700l. the day before.


                  JOHN 
                  McCOMB
               



            . I am an officer of Liverpool. I apprehended the prisoner - Mr. Beavan's evidence is correct.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
Strongly recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
