



521. 




JOHN BENSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of December, 1 ring, value 2s. 6d.; 1 purse, value 1d.; 3 half-crowns, and 1 shilling; the goods and monies of 



George Martin, from the person of 



Elizabeth Martin.







ELIZABETH MARTIN
. I am the wife of George Martin, a lighterman, in Marine-street, Neckinger-road. On Saturday, the 22nd of December, at half-past eight o'clock in the morning, I was at the Borough-market—I had a brown silk purse in my pocket, containing three half-crowns, a shilling, and a ring—as I crossed the market I felt a push against me—I turned round and the prisoner was at my elbow in the middle of the road—I said, "What did you push me for?"—I put my hand into my pocket, and my; purse was then safe—I heard his companion call him a d—d fool—I crossed over on the pavement, and had got two or three paces, with my lap-fall of greens, when I felt myself pushed in a similar way—I turned round, and the prisoner was close at my elbow again—I called him a good-for-no-thing fellow, and he ran away—I felt, and my purse was gone—I saw the end of it hanging out of his hand—I ran as well as I could, and called "Stop thief"—he was taken without being out of my sight a moment—my purse was not found on him, but I am certain he took it; nobody else was near me, and I saw it in his hand.

Prisoner. I was not near the woman at all. Witness. He was dressed in a green round smock-frock.





JAMES WAEBEY
. I am a street-keeper in the Borough. On the 22nd of last month I was in York-street, and saw the prosecutrix, who said that boy had robbed her of her purse—he was running with another lad—they ran about two hundred yards, and I after them—a young man who was a-head stopped the prisoner—he was rather out of breath—the other got quite away—I found nothing on him—he had a sort of green smock-frock on—I asked where he lived—he said, in the Mint—the other one had on a different coloured smock-frock, and was rather a bigger lad—they were not running till the prosecutrix spoke to me—he was taken with his smock-frock on—he had not time to pull it off—I am quite certain of him.




GUILTY
.* Aged 15.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Recorder.

