



1169. 




JEREMIAH LETHBRIDGE
, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of March, 6 pieces of handkerchiefs, value 4l. 16s., the goods of the 

London Dock Company—2nd Count calling it 36 yards of silk.

Mr. Bodkin conducted the prosecution.





JAMES SLATER
. I am a constable of the Thames police, and am super-intendant of the police at the London Docks. On the 27th of March, I was at the watch-house (which is sixty or seventy yards inside the gate) at six o'clock in the evening—that is the time the watchman came off duty—the prisoner was employed as a watchman to protect the property on the quays—he came down to the watch-house-door to report to me that all was right; he was then going out, but in consequence of what I saw, I asked him what he had got in his hat—he said nothing but his pocket-handkerchief—his bat was on his head—he took it off and gave it to me—I found two pieces of silk bandana handkerchiefs under his pocket-handkerchief in his hat—I said I must search him, which I did, and found four more pieces round his body between his waistcoat and shirt—these are the six pieces—I asked how he came by them—he said a man came to him while he was on his station, that he thought was a custom-house-officer, as he had their uniform buttons and asked him to take them out for him—I asked him if he knew the man—he said he did not—I sent him with two officer that he might point out the man—their names are John Clements and George Dix—they are not here—they brought the six pieces back—I asked him where he was to meet the man—he said at the gate—he said he could not find the man—but he had told me that before.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What day of the week was this? A. On Sunday—the prisoner was coming from his station when he came to me—it is possible for a person who wanted to smuggle handkerchiefs to ask a person to bring them out, but I do not think there was a vessel in the docks that had them on board—I have inquired, and there was not—I would not swear there were no such ships then in the dock—there were perhaps one hundred and fifty ships, and two from India, I believe—I am not a judge of handkerchiefs—the warehouses were locked up that day—I have known the prisoner about there years—he bore a good character.





JAMES EVANS
. I am principal surveyor of the Thamas Police. On the Tuesday after the Sunday the prisoner was stopped, I went into the docks to make search—I went near No. 1. Warehouse—I found a certain office near that place, and on the top of it I found these pieces of handkerchiefs.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANL. Q. You found them some what secreted?


A. Yes—I stood and saw them—I do not think that would be a convenient place to put them if a person wished to smuggle them.





JAMES SLATER

re-examined, I know the box used for the office in No. 1, the prisoner's duty brought him close by it—the handkerchiefs were not being packed—the boxes that contained them were on the quays, about forty yards from the office—they were on his beat.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do not those packages come in ready packed and matted over? A. Yes—I did not look into any of them before this Sunday—it is not my business—I know they contained bandana silk handkerchiefs, because I saw several cases on the quay—they were in sheds, with the doors padlocked—the packages would be locked up on Saturday evening at four o'clock—I never said there were handkerchiefs lying about on the quays—there would be more persons leave on Saturday than on Sunday—the prisoner would be on duty on Sunday as well as Saturday—he would have a better opportunity of moving them on Sunday—I did not see the officer find the handkerchiefs—supposing they were stolen on Saturday, they could have been placed on the top the office, out of the view of persons walking about, till Sunday.

Q. Do you think that Sunday would be a more favourable day to smuggle them out than another day? A. I do; there would be a greater number of persons passing and repassing on Saturday—a man would have a better opportunity of stowing them about his body on Sunday than on Saturday.





JOSEPH BURTON
. I am superintendant of the silk department in the St. Katherine's Docks. I delivered eight trunks of silk handkerchiefs at the London Docks on, the 23rd of March; they were marked as containing bandanas—nearly all of this description—they are the same pattern—they were not marked—they were packed in bond, and delivered in charge of an officer, not to be used in this country without paying the duty.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you deliver them to officer? A. No; to the carter—I saw them filled myself—they were closed up fit for exportation—they are sometimes opened at the London Docks by the searchers; I understand they have right to do so.





WILLIAM HILL
. I am a custom-house officer. On the 23rd of March, I received the eight trunks of bandanas from the St. Katherine Docks, they were deposited at the No, 1 and 2 Warehouses, and left on the quay.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. They were all packed up and matted? A. Yes; I did not see what was in them—I do not know they were the trunks Burton was speaking of.





STEPHEN POPE
. I am the foreman of No. 1 Warehouse, London Docks, On the 23rd of March, I received nine trunks, they remained from the 23rd to the 29th, and were then shipped on board a vessel which sailed—I saw them before they went on board; they were packed in trunks, apparently with matting over them, and double-corded over that.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You saw them arrive? A. Yes; and had my eye on them till the 29th—I cannot say whether they had the same appearance, there were none loose.

MR. BONKIN. Q. It is your duty to look very sharply after those things? A. Yes; I think we are too much about for a person to have taken them from the 23rd to the 29th, in the day-time—I am not there on Sunday—the prisoner was a day watchman.






THOMAS BERRY
. I am foreman of No. 2 Warehouse, at the London Docks—I received some trunks from St. Katherine Docks, numbered and marked the 23rd—they were shipped on the 26th and 28th, early in the morning—I had not heard of this robbery, when they were shipped, they were corded—I do not think a person could undo them and take any thing out without being observed.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE
Q. Would it not be difficult to do it in the day? A. Yes.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Can you tell us of any way in which a person could get possession of them in the docks? A. No; the trunks were put into the vessel at the docks—I have the mate's note.

Prisoner. I had them given to me by a person I thought was an officer, to take them out—I did not know the man, nor what ship he came from, nor where he lived.
(W. Banberry, and George Clements, custom-house officer; W. Meed, Thomas Sparrow, tailor and draper, New-road; Peter Furze, of Clerkenwell; and Edward Maunder, of Clerkenwell, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 34—


Transported for Seven Years.
