






2442. JOSEPH HOSKINS was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of October

, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watchguard, value 10s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 10s.; and 6 handkerchiefs, value 6s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Emanuel 
                           Moses
                        



                     
                  , his master
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH, alias 
BAKER





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  EMANUEL 
                  MOSES
               



            . I keep the Black Lion, Vinegaryard, Drury-lane





. Hoskins was in my employ; he left on Wednesday, the 10th of October, a little before twelve o'clock at night; he had half a crown a week; and had been paid on the Monday; I sent my wife up stairs when we missed him, and the watch and other things were missing - I had seen the watch an hour before - I saw the shoes last Saturday at Queen-square, where Smith was in custody - my shoes are patent ones, such as cannot be found in London.


                  ALICE 
                  ABRAHAMS
               



            . I heard the prisoner going up stairs about eleven o'clock at night - I was in bed on the second-floor, and said, "Joe, is that you?" he said Yes - I heard him open the door of the room this property was in; and as he came down, seeing a light through the crack of the door, I said, "How is it you have a light?" as we never allow one - he said he had been to take some things up stairs, and in about an hour I heard of the robbery - when Hoskins was taken, he said he gave the property to Baker to sell, in Field-lane - I had seen the watch that evening, and had it in my hand - six handkerchiefs were missing from a lumber-room, opposite the room the watch was in.


                  ROSINA 
                  JONES
               



            . On the Wednesday night Hoskins left his place, I came up Drury-lane between twelve and one o'clock, and saw the two prisoners in company; having drank with Baker, before I said, "Will you give me something to drink?" he said, "If you will come with us, you shall have something" - I said, "Where are you going?" he said, "To Field-lane, to sell two handkerchiefs" - they each had a handkerchief on their necks, and when they got to Field-lane, they took them off their necks - Baker went in, and said he had sold the handkerchiefs for 3s.: they then went to sleep in St. Giles' - I slept with a female in the opposite room - I had never seen Hoskins before, but had known Baker about twelve months - I am an unfortunate girl; I saw a silver watch with an engine-turned case, and a guard to it, in Baker's possession, that night; next morning they came into the room where we were sleeping- Hoskins asked me to go and get them some breakfast, which I did, and we all four breakfasted together - Hoskins took the watch from Baker at breakfast time, and returned it again; and between ten and eleven o'clock theywent to West-street, Smithfield - Hoskins gave the watch to Baker in Smithfield; he put it round his neck, and in West-street he took it and put it into his pocket; he went into a house on the left hand side, came out, and said he had sold it for 1l. 4s. 6d. - he gave Hoskins 12s. and the odd 6d. was spent in drink - Baker then said he was going to see somebody in Newgate; we stopped opposite the door; he said he must go and get something to take in to him; he left us; I did not see him again, but on Friday night I saw Baker at the White Hart, and on Sunday evening I saw Hoskins - I saw nothing of him till he was taken up; a Policeman came to me, and I told him what I knew.


                  JOHN 
                  SELLS
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Turner, pawnbroker, Brydges-street, Covent-garden. I have a pair of shoes, pawned on the 10th of October, between two and three o'clock, in the name of John Moseley, for 2s. 6d.; I do not know who by.


                  GEORGE 
                  MAY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended Hoskins on the 17th of September - he said he was not sorry he was taken; I heard him tell a young man at Queen-square that he had pawned the shoes at Turner's - I heard nothing about the watch; I took Baker at the White Hart, White Horse-yard - I said,"Is your name Baker?" he said, "No, it is Smith;" and denied all knowledge of Hoskins.
ALICE ABRAHAM. I never saw Hoskins with a watch of his own - he was very poor.
HOSKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
