





1773. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of August
, 1 sack, value 2s., and 1 horse-cloth, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Golding
                  




               
            .


                  STEPHEN 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I work at a distiller's, and live in Regent-street. On the morning of the 14th of August, I was in Piccadilly


, and saw a waggon, which Golding was driving - the prisoner was standing near some cabs, and as the waggon passed I saw him stoop down, snatch these articles off the shafts of the waggon, and draw them under his horse's belly; I told Golding what he had done - the prisoner saw me in conversation with Golding, and he produced this sack and cloth from under his horse's belly; he said he was the driver of one of the cabs - Golding went up to him, and I saw some blows pass; I ran from the pavement, and saw Golding's nose bleeding.
Prisoner. How was it possible for me to observe that they were talking - he was on the other side, and I did it merely out of a lark, as we often do with these countrymen; I called after him, when he had got about twenty yards. Witness. He had got forty yards past before I spoke to the prosecutor.


                  DAVID 
                  GOLDING
               



            . On the 14th of August I was driving along Piccadilly, about half-past five o'clock in the morning - Gardner told me that the prisoner had snatched someoff the shafts; I turned round, and he began to call out-I went back, and said, "You thief, what did you take that for?" he said he did not - I said, "You did;" I made a blow at him - he jumped back; I went to take the things and he struck me on the nose - I gave him in charge.
Prisoner. I did not deny taking them - when he asked me what I had done with them, I said I did not take them- he struck at me, and I struck him in self-defence.


                  HUGH 
                  CHURCHILL
               



             (Police-constable C 70). I took the prisoner, and have the articles.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
