



1254. 




SAMUEL DUTTON



 was indicted for feloniously and entering the dwelling-house of 




Thomas Sapsard on the 
23rd of April, at 
St. Leonard. Shoreditch, and stealing therein 1 hat, value 4s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s. 9d.; 1 waistcoat, value 6d.; 1 gown, value 3s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of boots, value 3s.; 3 aprons, value 9d.; and 2 bed-gowns, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of the said 



Thomas Sapsard.






THOMAS SAPSARD
. I live in Kingsland, in the parish of Shoreditch—I am the housekeeper, and have lodgers. On Saturday afternoon, the 23rd of April, my wife went out about seven o'clock in the morning—I went out about six o'clock, before her—I returned home at one o'clock—she had not returned then—I went out again—I bolted and fastened the doors, and left nobody in the house—the house stands alone—the windows were all fast—I came back at five o'clock—my wife had not come home then—I followed the back door broken open, and a candle a light—the front shutters were shut, which made it very dark—my bedroom is on the ground floor—I went into it, and missed my hat, a waistcoat, and a handkerchief—I have seen them since.





SARAH SAPSARD
. I am the prosecutor's wife. When I came home I missed a gown, a pair of women's boots, a shift, four aprons, two bedgowns, a petticoat, and a table-cloth—I have seen them since—I had put them into the drawer, and know they were there in the morning.





ALEXANDER MOIR
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Kingsland-road. I know the court in which the prosecutor lives, it is in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch. On the 23rd of April, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner pawned a gown with me in the name of William Smith, 2 Queen's Head-walk, for his mother.






GEORGE ARNOLD
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a waistcoat and handkerchief, pawned on Saturday afternoon, the 23rd of April, between three and four o'clock; and, to the best of my belief, by the prisoner, but I never saw him before—I gave him 1s. on it, in the name of John Smith, 2 Kingsland-road, housekeeper.





EDWARD ALLPORT
. I am shopman to Mr. Hewitt, a pawnbroker, in Kingsland-road—I have a petticoat, a pair of woman's boots, two aprons and a bed gown, pawned on the 23rd of April, between three and four o'clock, for 4s., in the name of John Smith, lodger, 2, Queen's Head-Walk, Kingsland-road.





JAMES CLARK
. I am a policeman. In consequence of information, I went with the prosecutor, on Sunday, the 24th of April, to Hackney-road, and saw the prisoner near the church—I told him I wanted to him for breking into Sapsard's house—he said, "Well, it is no use to deny it, I will tell you all about it"—I asked him where the duplicates were—he said he had torn them up when he came out of the shops—I had found some of them at the pawnbroker's before—he had a handkerchief on his neck, which I produce.
(Properly produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for fourteen years.
There was another indictment against the prisoner.

Before Mr. Justice Littledale.
