





2121. 
               
                  
                     ANGELO 
                     PHILIP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of August
, 11 bronze vases, value 30l., and 5 pieces of bronze, value 20l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Anna Maria 
                     Gordon
                  




               
            .


                  ANDREW 
                  CASTELLARI
               



            . I attend the Egyptian Hall, Piccadilly


; I have the management of the business for 
               
                  Anna 
                  Maria Gordon
               



            . I missed eleven vases, and five pieces of bronze on the 11th of August; they are worth 50l. - I have known the prisoner twelve or fifteen months; he was in the habit of coming, as a friend of mine.
Prisoner. He gave me these vases to sell. Witness. No, I did not.
COURT. Q. Did you deliver any pieces of bronze to him to sell? A. No, I did not; I did not employ him to sell any thing.
Prisoner. My Lord, he said to me,
"As soon as you have sold these vases, come and tell me, and who you sold them to. Witness. No, I did not say a word about it.
COURT. Q. Do you mean to say, upon the solemn oath you have taken, you never employed the prisoner to sell any thing, or give him any thing to sell. Witness. I never spoke one word about it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TILL
               



            . I live in Great Russell-street, Covent-garden; I deal in coins, metals, and anitquities. I bought these articles of the prisoner at different times; I gave about 10l. for them - I observed something particular in their appearance; I went to the Musenm, and saw similar articles - I bought some on the 11th of August, and for three or four days before - there were some tickets on them, and I saw some tickets on those at the Museum; I have kept the tickets of those I bought - they are genuine antiques about 1800 or 1900 years old.


                  JAMES 
                  KENNERLY
               



             (Police-constable C 30). I was on duty in Piccadilly; I took the prisoner on the 13th of August, at the Egyptian Hall, and received these articles from Mr. Till - I found on the prisoner two gold rings, two medals, and some money.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TILL
               



            . I missed these medals and some coins.
Prisoner. I dined with Castellari after I sold these things.


                  ANDREW 
                  CASTELLARI
               



            . I dined two or three times with him, but he did not say he had told the things.
Prisoner's Defence. He has not told the truth, and now I leave it to the Court.
JAMES KENNERLY. When I took the prisoner I took off his hat, and there was a dent in it, in which, probably, some of these things had been, and some hay in it, and some hay was in these things; he said he had been playing with some horses in a stable.
WILLIAM TILL re-examined. Q. How came you to buy of him? A. I had bought some things of him before, of what they call Terra cotta; I then lost sight of him for some time - I then saw him again, and he sold me these things; they ask 4l. or 5l. a-piece for them at the Museum, which is a ridiculous price.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
