





1538. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of July
, 1 silk handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Lacey
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .

THOMAS LACEY. On the 11th of July, as I was passing through Speldhurst-street


, about eight o'clock in the evening, Eliza Bishop told me, a boy
 before me had taken my pocket handkerchief; I pursued, and took the prisoner, who had walked by me, with my handkerchief - I had had it not half a minute before; I told him to give me my handkerchief - he put his hand into his pocket, took it out, and gave it to me; he said he found it.
Prisoner. Q. Can you swear to the handkerchief? A. Yes; it has a mark on it; I had it from a friend some time before - it has the mark of Sarah Hardwine.


                  ELIZA 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I saw the gentleman go by the door of the house I live in - part of his handkerchief hung out of his pocket, and the prisoner took it out; I told the gentleman what I had seen - he went and asked the prisoner for it; he gave it out of his pocket.


                  ISAAC 
                  SPREADBOROUGH
               



            . The prosecutor brought the prisoner to me, and I took him with this handkerchief.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw two boys running - they dropped a handkerchief; I took it up and called, but they did not stop; I put it into my pocket - the prosecutor came and said I had stolen his handkerchief; I said I had picked up one - I took it out of my pocket; he then took me; he said at the office that he had lost many handkerchiefs and he would make me pay for all.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
