





282. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     DUNN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of December
, 2 lbs. weight of bristles, value 39s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Rudland
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  RUDLAND
               



            . I am a brush-maker
, and live in Shoreditch


. On the morning of the 7th of December I was called into my shop, and saw the prisoner; he looked out brooms, brushes and various other articles, to the amount of 8l. or 9l.; among which were 2 lbs. of shoemaker's bristles - I was going to pick them out from the other articles; he said "Stop, we will pack them so and so" - I said "If you do, you will spoil them" - he said, "Never mind, they will be undone on Monday morning, or perhaps on Sunday night;" he then said he wanted some closing-hairs; I went backwards to get them, leaving him in the shop; when I returned, he said he expected his cart to call for the goods, and begged me not to detain him; he then went away; the hamper in which the goods were packed remained with me, but no cart came, and the next morning I opened it, and missed the 2 lbs. of bristles - they were worth a guinea a pound.
Cross-examined by Mr. DOANE. Q. What time was this? A. Between eight and nine o'clock in the morning - my man was in my shop, and my wife came in once or twice - she was waiting breakfast for me, but I would not leave the prisoner as he was in such a hurry to be off.


                  EDWARD 
                  KING
               



            . I am a street-keeper, and took the prisoner in another shop - I found 6d. in his pocket.
Prisoner. I went to buy some goods of him, but I could get them cheaper; there was a boy and a man in the shop.
MR. RUDLAND. When I returned with the closinghairs, he told me to put some other goods on the top of the hamper, which was done, and then he went away; I then finished the invoice, and expected him back - I had put the bristles in one paper in the middle of the hamper, but he would have them put into two papers; and he moved them or three times - how he got them out, I do'nt know.
JURY. Q. Might not your boy or your shopman have taken them? A. They were in the shop, and might have taken them as well as the prisoner - but I have every confidence in them.

Q. Did the package remain in the shop all day? A. Yes, but it was packed up and corded within three quarters of an hour after the prisoner left, and remained so till the next morning, when I opened it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
