



860. 




SUSAN WILSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of March 1 coat, value 1l., the goods of 




William Nunn.






WILLIAM NUNN
. I am a ballast-heaver. On the 1st of March I met the prisoner in company with a friend of mine, a ballast-heaver between one and two o'clock in the day—we stopped and talked together—I had been receiving my money, and had a pound of steaks in my hand, which I had bought for my dinner—I said, "I must go and cook them"—he said, "You may come to our place"—I went with him to Twince court, Shadwell, which was just opposite where we were talking—we all went into the lower room—there was a good fire, and we cooked the steaks and ate them together—I said to my mate, "I must go and get some sleep"—I was fatigued through heavy labour—the landlady said "There is a good bed up stairs, you may go and sleep as long as you please"—I went up, and left the man and this woman sitting by the fire in the lower room—I took off my coat, and spread it on the bed-clothes—I put my trowsers under my head—before I got to sleep, a lady came in and said she would take part of my bed—I declined it—I said I wanted to

sleep—another came, but I declined her—the prisoner then came, and said she young man was going, and she would come and take part of the bed, if I pleased—I said no, I wanted rest—she then went away, and in about a quarter of an hour I missed my coat—I did not see who took it—when I missed it I got up, went down, and saw the other two women who came up to me, but the prisoner was not there—the prisoner came back in a minute or two, while I was talking about the coat, with the duplicate in her hand—I said I had been robbed, and would get an officer—she said there was no occasion for that; she had got but 5s. on it; I might go and get it—I said I did not want that, I wanted my coat—she then turned out of the door, and dropped the ticket—I would not take it up—she turned back, took it up, and tucked it into my waistcoat pocket—this was but a few steps from the main street, and I saw an officer, and gave her into custody.

Prisoner. I went up stairs, and went to bed with him—he gave me the coat to pledge—he told me to pledge it, for what money he had about him was not his own.





THOMAS SOAMES
. I am a pawnbroker. I took in this coat from the prisoner.

Prisoner. You did not—it was your master. Witness. I took it in myself—she said she pawned it for John Bennett, No. 2, Twine-court.





DANIEL SULLIVAN
 (police-constable K 127.) The prosecutor called me in, and I took the prisoner on a charge of pawning the prosecutor's coat—he was not quite sober.

Prisoner's Defence. He gave me the coat to pledge.




GUILTY.* Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
