





1037. 
               
                  
                     BRIDGET 
                     MONAGHAN
                  , alias 
                     
ANN WILLIAMS





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of April
, 10 yards of lace, value 2s. 6d.; 15 yards of ribbon, value 3s. 9d.; 6 caps, value 6s.; 6 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; 2 brace buckles, value 1s.; 1 comb, value 4d.; 1 work-bag, value 2d.; 1 pair of bracelets, value 6d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 pocket, value 3d.; 3 pincushions, value 1s.; 12 yards of cord, value 1s.; 2 table-cloths, value 2s.; 5 petticoats, value 5s.; 3 napkins, value 1s.; 1 window-blind, value 6d.; 2 pillow-cases, value 6d.; 3 shifts, value 5s.; 5 aprons, value 3s.; 1 bolster-case, value 6d.; 1 frock, value 6d.; and 2 pinafores, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Thomas
                        




                     
                  , her mistress
            .
ANN THOMAS. I keep a public-house
 in High-street, Shadwell


. The prisoner had been in my service three months, as servant of all work
; I missed two aprons about the 20th of April - I suspected the washerwoman; I afterwards saw a person who gave me information - I sent for an officer, and charged the prisoner with robbing me; she denied it - I went up stairs with the officer; the prisoner said a box, which was locked there, was hers - the door of the room was also locked; I found in that box a variety of articles of mine, and some duplicates - she said the duplicates related to her own property; I sent to the pawnbroker's, and found some more of my property there.


                  GEORGE 
                  DEVERELL
               



            . I am a beadle of Shadwell. The prosecutrix sent for me; the prisoner produced the key of the room, and the key of the box; I found in the box some articles which the prosecutrix claimed, and fourteen duplicates, seven of which related to the prosecutrix's property - the prisoner said they related to her own property, and the things in her box she said she had picked up about the place; I took the prosecutrix's daughter with me, and found some things at the pawnbroker's - I went back to the prisoner, and she said, "Well, I suppose you have found enough against me now;" I said I had found a good many things; she then said, "It was Maria's fault;" I took her to Maria, and then the prisoner said, "I pawned these things by your direction, and put the money into the till, to make it appear that we had taken so much;" Maria is dangerously ill.


                  DANIEL 
                  KENNEDY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in High-street, Shadwell. I have two table-cloths, five petticoats, three napkins, a window-blind, and several other articles, pawned by the prisoner, at four different times, in the name of Ann Williams.
MRS. THOMAS. This is all mine - I never permitted either of them to pawn any thing; I never received the money - I am certain the person she mentioned never gave her the things to pawn.
Prisoner's Defence. I slept in the same room with her sister, and was never out of the house but one day, except before my mistress came down in the morning - her sister Maria always had the money; Mrs. Thomas always had the money again; I never locked my box before that day; her sister used to get up in the morning to serve in the bar, and when she could not get enough money to take up to mistress at eight o'clock, mistress used to complain that we had been feasting ourselves; she used to give me these things to go and get money on them, as she said she should get scolded for not taking more - I got part of the things out again; a person once saw me at the pawnbroker's, and Maria told me to deny it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
