





1507. 
               
                  
                     HIERUM 
                     HOLMES
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for bigamy
            .
MESSRS. ADOLPHUS and SANDFORD conducted the prosecution.


                  EUPHEMIA 
                  M'LEAN
               



            . I am daughter of the late Rev. Dr. M'Lean, minister of Garbals, here is the book in which the marriages at that place were entered; I was present at the marriage of the prisoner with 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Smith
                  



               
             - she is still alive, and was in court two or three minutes ago.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When did the marriage take place? A. On the 2nd of March, 1827. I was then about 12 or 13 years of age - I had never seen the prisoner before - I am not mistaken in his person, youthful impressions are more lasting than others - I hadbeen present at a great many marriages, but not at many soldiers' marriages - I cannot say how many soldiers' marriages I had been at - they were not married in the church, but in our house, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon - there was no one came with them but a little girl, six or seven years old, a relation of Miss Smith's - and when the parties did not bring sufficient persons with them, my father called in two of his own family, and on this occasion he called in my mother and me - my mother is still living, but she is not here - the servant was present, but she don't remember anything about it - there was no clerk there - it is the parish of Garbals, in the county of Lanark.


                  JAMES 
                  M'LEAN
               



            . I am the last witness's brother - my father is dead - I produce the book of the register of marriages at Garbals, it is in the writing of the Clerk of Kirk Session; it is here stated that Hierum Holmes, of the 9th Lancers, and 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Smith
               



            , were married by Dr. M'Lean, on the 2nd of March, 1827.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Is the Clerk of Kirk Session alive? A. Yes; but he is eighty-five years old.
WILLIAM SEYMOUR. I am an officer in the 9th Lancers - 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Smith
               



             was a sister-in-law of mine - the prisoner married her without my consent; I was at Glasgow, with the regiment, at the time - I sent Margaret Smith home to her parents; but the prisoner afterwards lived with her at Newcastle-upon-Tyne.


                     ELIZABETH ABBOT 
                     SLEE
                  



               
            . I lived at Clarence-place, Gravesend, with my father and mother; I was twenty-two years old last month - the prisoner made an acquaintance with me, and I was married to him at Gravesend church


, on the 31st of March
 last, but he married me in the name of 
               
                  Edmund 
                  Holmes
               



            , and my name was put Eliza, instead of Elizabeth Abbot; I had it altered, and we were married again at Gravesend church, on the 3rd of April. I had when we were married £500 in the funds, and he had had £230 of me before our marriage; the reason of my advancing this was that when he took me from home he had no money, and he asked me for what I had, which I gave him, and then I sold out some more: we were then living at the Nag's Head, in the Borough, but I had no intercourse with him, we lived only as brother and sister. I let him have £200, to buy furniture against our marriage, and two or three days after we were married he had the rest, as he said he had some bills to pay - the broker objected to let me have it, and I asked my mamma for a letter to the broker, which she gave me, and I took it all out. I asked the prisoner for it again, and he refused to let me have it; he said, if I did not let him have it, he would leave me - I went with him to Gravesend, and he then told me that if I lived there I should live on his sister's charity.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. If you did not live with him. A. No; he said "I might go home to my mother again, if I liked, but if I stopped there I should live on his sister's charity - up to the present moment I have been merely as a sister to the prisoner, nothing more - his father never told me that the money should be returned - I was not told that the prisoner was a married man previous to our marriage - I was not told so till I went to my mother's, about four months ago - I pressed him to marry me after we came to London, but not before; I came to London with him, on the 17th of February last.
Q. Now, recollect yourself, did you not press him to marry you before your visit to London; and did you not frequently write to him, in 1832, soliciting him to marry you? A. Not till after he promised me marriage; I did not write to him till he wrote to me - he told me on the night I left home that his father consented to our marriage - I did not state to him that his father would not suffer me into his family - I never intimated that to him to my knowledge - this letter is my writing - (read.)
Edmund, December 11, 1832.
"I am quite surprised at your strange behaviour to me, after professing so much towards me - you certainly have not acted like a man. I wrote to you twice and had no answer, therefore I sent a friend of mine down, thinking you might be ill, and when I heard the result, I was quite astonished, not only astonished, but very much hurt, to think you have acted so deceitfully towards me, after what you said the last time we met. I am quite convinced you never meant a word you said, although you know what I have gone through for you: my friend took the trouble to call on you twice, and the second time you sent your father out, instead of coming out like a man; that showed how guilty you was, or else you would not have got your father to have spoken for you. Your father told my friend I was not worth coming into your family, but it is not because my family bear the name they do that I should, for I consider myself as respectable as you in every respect. Edmund, do not think that by writing this letter to you, I ever wish to renew this correspondence again to such a worthless man as you; but although you have acted as you have towards me, I wish you all the happiness this worth affords, and whenever you marry, I hope the lady will make you a better wife than I should. Hoping when this meets you you will be quite well, I, for the last time, shall bid you farewell. With every mark of respect, I remain your sincere friend. - E. SLEE.
To Mr. Edmund Holmes, No. 2, Windmill-street, Gravesend, Kent (Post paid)."
Witness. He had told me that his father was angry with him, but he should not mind that - but he afterwards told me his father had given his consent - up to the 10th of December he had not received any money from me - I have preferred an indictment against him for stealing this money.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Had you heard that he had a wife before you were married to him? A. No; I asked him, and he said he had not - he told me that his father had given his consent to our marriage, and he went with him to take the license - I saw them go out of the house to get it - the money found at the prisoner's was in the identical bank notes which I had from the stockbroker.
COURT. Q. Are we to understand that he courted you as a single man? A. Yes; and I believed he was single, and able to marry me legally.


                  ROBERT 
                  DUKE
               



            . I am an officer; I took the prisoner in Back-lane, in the parish of St. John, Hackney, in the county of Middlesex - I found on him a purse, with this £10 note in it, and in a writing-desk I found these other eleven £10 notes, fourteen silver spoons, and some other things.
Prisoner's Defence (written). My Lord and Gentlemen of the Jury; - Conflicting as are the feelings which weigh heailyvupon me in my peculiar and unhappy position - and which, in their attack upon every nerve, wildly contend for mastery, I cannot hope, with any degree of self-command, to be able to address you, - and must, therefore, appeal to your indulging forbearance while entering upon that justification of my conduct which will, I firmly and sincerely believe, dispose you to declare me entitled to a release from the opprobrium and danger of my present situation. High and ardent as were the hopes which painted the happiness of a wedded life, and which attended me during my courtship and marriage with the object of my most sincere and heartfelt attachment, they were doomed to be severely and speedily crushed by the proceedings of the immediate guardian and protector of the lady, - who, the moment the ceremony was performed, declared it illegal - effected our immediate separation. It were a painful and almost useless endeavour, my Lord and Gentlemen, to attempt depicting the anguish and desolation caused by our final and complete separation. To be most decidedly and peremptorily told, that my imagined legal claims were unequal to oppose the parental authority which separated us, and to reflect with bitter regret upon the peculiar regards which the world would extend towards her, from the connection which had subsisted between us, - all these of necessity pressed heavily upon me, and rendered me, in the very dawn of manhood, a mere wreck - a solitary and broken-hearted being. Would not the deep love, my Lord and Gentlemen, which characterised my regards, have prompted me to seek, by legal means, the restitution of my connubial rights? Assuredly, yes! But fully convicted of the illegality of the union, and impressed with a conviction of my total inability to substantiate my claims, I considered that such a course would be but futile, and resigned myself in silence to my fate. The lapse of some years soothed the keenness of my regrets, and I permitted myself, upon an introduction to the lady by whom these proceedings are instituted, to regard her with feelings, which I solemnly declare would never have been encouraged, had I considered my first marriage legal or binding. Circumstances, however, effected a change in my sentiments towards her, and by the advice of my family I discontinued my attentions. Far be it from me, my Lord and Gentlemen, to attach the slightest stigma to this lady, yet I state but the strictest truth in saying, that her imprudence in suffering her name to be mentioned with mine in an equivocal manner, rendered herself and family improdence on the subject of our marriage. It was in vain I assured her that the love which should attend the wedded state, was not an inmate of my breast. It was in vain, my father amid the various obstacles he opposed, informed her of my former marriage. All was useless, - and at length after considerable hesitation, and scarcely conquered reluctance, I was hurried into an act, the commission of which is now attempted to be converted into a crime, - and upon which my ruin and disgrace is carefully and unrelentingly planned. That I wilfully erred, most solemnly do I deny. Even after so great a lapse of time, some lingering doubts as to the alleged illegality of my first marriage still existing in my mind, I took the advice thereon of a respectable solicitor, resident in my neighbourhood, upon whose given opinion I entered upon my second marriage, without the slightest suspicion of acting wrong, or contrary to the utmost strictness of the law. I have thus, my Lord and Gentlemen, attempted an outline of the facts and feelings which have been my prompters during the whole of this unhappy train of complicated ills. That I should be an object for pity rather than for punishment, I do unfeignedly conceive. In neither instance did I harbour the remotest thought or intention of effecting a moral injury or legal wrong. And now most sincerely - most earnestly do I look foward to your decision, which will, I firmly trust, direct my acquittal, and will gladly assure me that the intense hopes I cherish of being restored to the world with honour, are not of things to perish.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
