





702. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TUBBS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, 12 ozs. of silk, value 24s., and 9 bobbins, value 9d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George Devereux 
                     Ford
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Warland
                  



               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  FORD
               



            . I am nine years and a half old - I am the son of 
               
                  George 
                  Devereux Ford
               



            , a weaver

, who lives in George-street, Bethnal-green


. On the evening of the 24th of October my father and mother were not at home; I was looking out at the window - I saw two men crossing the street; I said, "Is that you, father?" one of them said, "It is not your father, it is me, little boy, come down, I want to speak to you;" I went down, and they said, "Where is your mother and father gone? is your father gone to the watch-house?" I said I did not know - they said, "Is your father gone to the public-house?" I said I did not know - one of them said, "Come to the top of the street, I will take you to see your mother and father;" they took me to the top of the street, and then they said, "Halloo, you have not got your cap, go back and find your cap;" before I could get up stairs, the two men rushed up stairs, and the prisoner, who was one of them, went behind my father's shelf, took some shute, put it into his pocket, and ran down - I called out Murder! and Thieves! the prisoner kicked me in the mouth with his knee, as he was passing me to go down stairs - I am sure he is one of them; I cried out, "Don't take my father's shute, I shall get murdered" - the other man was taken, but this one got away then.
Prisoner. Q. What apartment does your father keep? A. The second floor; I am certain you are the man.


                  MARY 
                  ANN MACAREE
               



            . I live opposite the prosecutor. On the 24th of October I was at my father's door, and saw the two men come along - this little boy was looking out at the window, and he called out, "Is that you, father?" he then came down - they asked if his name was not Bobby Ford; he said Yes - they asked where his father was; he said he did not know, and then they took him to the top of the street - he would not go any further - he came back, and the prisoner ran up stairs after him, then the other man went up and in a minute I heard the bobbins fall on the floor; I heard the little boy cry out, and my father ran down - the prisoner was then coming down stairs; my father ran after him, but he got away - the other man was taken, and tried here.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say at the office, that you did not know what I said to the boy? A. Not when he was looking at the window - I did when he came to thedoor; I could see you by the light of the gas-lamp - I am sure you are the person.


                  JAMES 
                  MACAREE
               



            . I am the father of this witness. I was up in my workshop - I heard two footsteps come along; they stopped opposite my door, and I heard Ford's boy say, "Is that you, father?" he then came down, and they said, "Is your name Ford?" he said Yes; they said, "Is your father gone to the watch-house or the public-house?" he said he did not know - they then said, "Come along;" they soon returned - I heard the boy go up stairs; there was then a great noise - I heard the bobbins roll about the shop, and the little boy cried out, "Don't take it, I shall be murdered;" my daughter called me - I ran down stairs, and when I got to the door I saw the prisoner walking away; I crossed over to him, and said, "You have been robbing those people;" he then ran off - I am certain of his person; I have known him from a child.


                  SAMUEL 
                  REED
               



            . I am a private watchman. I was going down George-street, and heard a female crying Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running from the door, and Macaree pursuing him; I followed, but as I saw Woodcock come out of the door I took him, and this prisoner got away.
GEORGE DEVEREUX FORD. I live in the house. I was out that night, and returned about a quarter-past ten o'clock - I saw Woodcock in custody in my passage; I went up stairs, and missed nine bobbins and 12 ozs. of silk - I have got some back, but six bobbins are quite gone; I have known the prisoner some time - he knows the consequence of a journeyman silk-weaver being robbed - I might have been reckoned the thief.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at home and in bed at the time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
