



2055. 




CHARLES SIMMONS
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Edward Byas and another, about four o'clock in the night of the 
26th of June, at 
St. Mary Stratford, Bow, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 waistcoat, value 7s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 6d.; and 1 towel, value 4d.; their property.






EDWARD BYAS
. I live at Old Ford, at St. Mary Stratford, Bow. I am proprietor of an establishment for the maintenance of poor persons, in partnership with Sophia Pullen—she is a partner in the house as well as the business—all the things were under our charge—there is a basement to the premises, with vaulted cellars in which are air-holes, some of which I had made larger to admit light—before those holes I had iron bars placed—they were large enough to admit the body of a person if the bars were

away—wet clothes during the progress of washing were kept in this cellar—in consequence of information from the laundry woman, on Thursday, the 27th of June, about eight o'clock in the morning, I found two bars had been removed from one hole, which would enable a person to get in—I am positive it was after nine o'clock when I went to bed—it was between ten and eleven o'clock—I heard no noise before I went to bed—I was on the floor above the basement before I went to bed.





RICHARD DUST
. I am a labourer, and live in Porcupine-place, Ratcliff-highway; I know the prisoner. On Thursday, the 27th of June, about half-past five o'clock in the morning, I saw him close by the East India Docks, about three miles from Mr. Byas's house, walking towards London, with a bundle under his arm wrapped up in a blue handkerchief, with a white cloth round it—I could see the blue handkerchief through the cloth—I asked him were he was going—be said to London—I asked what he had in the bundle—he would not tell me—I went down to Mr. Byas and gave him information of what I had seen—about ten o'clock I went with a policeman to Petticoat-lane—we saw the prisoner standing there, and took him to the station-house—I saw the policeman take a red handkerchief off his neck.

Prisoner. I did not see him at all, nor did he see me with any things Witness. I knew him well by his living at Mr. Byas's—I am sure he is the man—he answered me when I spoke to him—I had lived with him at Byas's.





MART CULVERWELL
. I was laundry-maid to Mr. Byas. The prisoner lived there two or three years, and left three weeks or a month ago—I saw the bars safe at eight o'clock at night—about eight o'clock next morning I missed some things, and noticed that the iron bars were burst away from the wall—the things which were left were all thrown about, and the wet clothes pulled out of the tub, but not taken away—this red handkerchief, this blue one, the stockings, and towel, (looking at them) are part of the things—I went to bed about nine o'clock—I cannot say whether it was before or after nine o'clock—I was in the room even with the cellar Until I went to bed, and heard no noise.





FREDERICK BEAVIS
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner, in consequence of information from Dust—I asked him if he knew Mr. Byas, he said "Yes"—I asked if he knew any thing of a bundle of things which had been taken from there last night—he asked me How Mr. Byas knew it was him that took it—I took him to the station-house, found this red handkerchief round his neck, and the blue one and a pair of stockings in his pocket.

Prisoner's Defence. The witness did not see me with the bundle under my arm—what I had was inside my pocket—when I had the things I was at Billingsgate.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.

