





2153. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     HILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of July
, one 5l. Bank note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Head
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN HEAD. I am a smith
, and live at Maidstone. I was in Robert-street, Grosvenor-square, about the middle of July, 1831; I cannot tell the day - I had seen the prisoner before, when he had called at my shop, and asked if I had a job for him; he was a stone-mason
: on the day in question he asked me, if I had a set of iron-work for an oven to sell - I said I had; he said if I would go with him and a gentleman, he thought he could get a customer, and a good job for himself - we went along Piccadilly, and he said, "We will have something to drink;" I said, "No, we will go and have our business done first," but he went into a public-house, and I had a glass of porter - we then went on to Westminster, and he showed me some premises in Tothill-street; I looked at them, and told the person not to have any thing to do with them, without he had 100l. to spare, and 100l. to lay out - we then all went to the Cock, in Tothill-street


; the other person spent half a crown in bread and cheese, and beer - the prisoner called for gin and water; I said to him, "Don't call for any thing without you have money to pay for it" - he went to countermand the order, but the landlord brought it, and I said, "It is a shame you should have this, we have had enough, but as it is come, I will pay for it:" I took out a 5l. note, and said to the landlord, "Can you give me change?" he said Yes; I wrote my name on it, and his wife called out at that moment -"You know we can't, we paid the brewer this morning;" the prisoner jumped up, snatched the note from my hand, and said, "I can get it changed:" he went off, leaving his hat, stick, and all behind him - he has been away from his wife and family for twelve months.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I was with the prosecutor in August last; we saw the prisoner standing against the Sawyers' public-house: we went up to him; I said, "I suppose you know what we want you for?" he said,
"I have sent my friend to him several times to pay the money, and he could not see him;" he afterwards said, "I consider part of the money as mine, as we were in partnership."
Prisoner's Defence. I was sitting by his side and hegave the note into my hand, and said he had no more silver; I took it by his request - I have sent the money to him, and his wife and sister would not take it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
