





1612. 
               
                  
                     JOHN THOMAS 
                     HALE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of May
, 2 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereings, 48 half-crowns, 60 shillings, and 18 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Hale
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  HALE
               



            . I am the wife of James Hale - he is a hackney-coachman
 - the prisoner is my son. On account of his countet he did not live with us for the last eight or nine days before the 29th of June - on that day he came about half-past eight o'clock at night; I asked him what he came for - he said for some bread, and something to eat; this was in my first floor front room; he passed by a table, on which was a bage containing 12l. 9s. 6d. - rest in silver; he went down stairs and did not return -I missed the bag of money as soon as he was gone; no one else could have taken it; I was in pursuit of him all night, and found him at a house in Dean-street a quater before eight o'clock the next morning - I knocked at the door; they would not let me in, and I called two officers.


                  CHARLES 
                  CLARK
               



             (Police-constable D 117). This witness called me - we knocked several times, they would not open the door; I got over the garden wall from another house, and found the prisoner is the back yard - it is a common brothel; said to him,
"I take you for robbing your mother;" I took him to a public-house, and he threw out five sovereigns - his mother said," What have you done with the rest?" he said," There was but 5l. 15s." - his mother said," You had upwards of 12l.;" he said," No, I had not;" I then heard something rattle in his hand - I found another sovereign and a half in his hand; another officer found a shilling in his fob.


                  JAMES 
                  HALE
               



            . I am the prisoner's father. I never permitted him to come to my house and take my money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
