





Before Mr. Baron Bolland.
822. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     DUFF, alias 
TUBBS





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bell
                        




                     
                  , on the 17th of April
, at St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and stealing therein 1 scent-box, value 6s.; 1 gown, value 4s.; 1 sheet, value 4s.; 1 waistcoat, value 1s. 6d.; 1 tablecloth, value, 3s.; 2 shirts, value 3s.; 2 frocks, value 3s.; 2 shifts, value 1s. 6d.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s. 6d.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; 3 caps, value 2s.; 1 night-gown, value 2d.; 1 yard of calico, value 6d.; 1 umbrella, value 2s.; and 2 collars, value 1s., his property
            .


                  HARRIET 
                  BELL
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Bell
               



            , who lives in Dove-row, Margaret-street, Hackney-road, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch


: he is an ivory-turner
. On the morning of the 11th of April, between ten and eleven o'clock, I left the house to go to the baker's - I left nobody in the house - I locked the door, and when I went out, I observed the prisoner leaning over the pails opposite, about fifteen yards from the house - I was not absent a quarter of an hour - on coming back, I found my street door open; also the parlour door, which I had locked, and the back door open - I found a crowd round the door - I found two cupboard doors open in the parlour, and missed a bundle off a chair in the parlour - that had in it two shirts, a shift, two pocket-handkerchiefs, two collars, a cambric shirt front, two petticoats - I went up stairs, and found three drawers open, which were locked when I went out - I had left the key in one of them - a great many things were taken out - my bed was doubled up, ready to be taken away - also a shirt and shift, rolled up, and left on a chair - I went into the back bed-room, and found one box broken open - I missed a silk gown from that box, and a shirt out of the drawer - two caps were taken, and a nightgown and two frocks - I do not think 2l. would replace the things - I missed a table-cloth, a scent-box, and an umbrella - I have found every thing except the scent-box and umbrella - I saw the prisoner in custody of the policeman, opposite my door, after discovering my loss - he asked for some water, (appearing to be almost choking,) which was given him - as he was walking up Perry-street, he turned round, and told me he was not the person who entered my house.
Cross-examined by MR. JONES. Q. How long were you absent? A. Not exceeding a quarter of an hour, for I looked at the clock when I came back - when I left, the prisoner was leaning over the paling looking into the pond - I have seen him before, I am certain, somewhere - I cannot say where.


                  JOHN 
                  KEY
               



            . I live in Maidstone-street, about one hundred and fifty yards from Bell's house - I have a side view of his house - on Thursday, I was at work in my shop with the window open, and saw three men loitering about the street, appearing suspicions characters - I am positive the prisoner was one of them - he had a brown paper parcel in his hand, tied with white tape - I observed them walking up and down the street - presently one of them popped round the corner, and presently afterwards I saw them all three go up to Mrs. Bell's door - they stood at the door for a few seconds - one of them peeped through the window, and the prisoner looked through the key-hole - I saw one of them take something out of his pocket, and they opened the door- two of them went in, but the prisoner did not - they shut the door after them - the prisoner walked fifteen or twenty yards, then stood by the pond to watch - I ran down stairs and ran out towards Bell's, and just before I got to the door I saw the two men come out of the house with a bag - I could not pursue them - the prisoner was walking from where he stood - I collared him - the two men ran away; one of them had an umbrella - I had not seen him with anumbrella before he went into the house - I afterwards saw the bag which the man brought out of the house - when I collared the prisoner, I told him he belonged to them, and said he went up to the door with them - he said he did not- he had a paper parcel in his hand, and he began to read the direction; while I held him he tore off the direction from the parcel, and eat it; it was as large a piece of paper as my hand - he seemed very uncomfortable, and asked Mrs. Bell for some water, which she gave him, to wash it down- a policeman was got, and I gave him into custody.
Cross-examined. Q. Your hearing is not very good? A. Not very. I could see the man distinctly, and the parcel he had in his hand - I never saw the prisoner before - I never said he was not one of the men who went up to the door - I am positive he is one of them - I told the magistrate that he was one who went up to the door, and peeped through the key-hole, and the others through the window- neither of the other men were so near me as the prisoner- I walked up and took him, because he was nearest to me, and the others were young men, and running quick - I asked him what the parcel was, and what it contained - he said, "What is that to anybody?" - my shop is on the first floor - between my house and Mrs. Bell's there is a garden, with a great many high trees, but none of them were in the way - there is a piece of road between my house and Mrs. Bell's - the trees in the garden are newly planted, and some of them have not got a leaf - they do not interrupt my view of Bell's house.
COURT. Q. Did the trees prevent your seeing this? A. Not in the least.
THOMAS KEY. I am the son of John Key. I was working with my father in the room which commands a view of Bell's house - I saw the prisoner leaning over the palings - he had a paper parcel with him - there was a stout gentleman came from Baker's house, and went up the New Road- as soon as the stout gentleman got out of sight, the prisoner went down to Bell's house, and peeped through the key-hole and the window - nobody but him was at the house at that time - he went down to Mr. Bacon's public-house, and fetched two men out - it is fifteen yards from Bell's - they all three then went up to Mr. Bell's door - one of them put a key in the door, opened it, and two of them went in - they shut the door - (the prisoner remained outside, and walked about by the gas works) - I saw them up at the top window of the house - my father ran down stairs, and I ran out with him - he took the prisoner, who had a brown paper parcel with him - I saw him eating a piece of paper, but did not see him tear it off - my mother gave me a black bag, containing the property, and I took it into Bell's house.
Cross-examined. Q. How soon after the two men went into the house did you go out? A. We saw them up at the window of the house, and ran out in about three minutes - we stopped to see if it was any body belonging to the house first - I saw them moving about.


                  THOMAS 
                  JAMES FRANCIS
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live in Dove-row, ten or twelve houses from Bell's, on the same side. Soon after nine o'clock I went out, and in New Boston-street saw three men in company - the prisoner was one of them - the street is opposite Bell's house - I went on my business, and returned in about half an hour - I observed the prisoner looking over the pales into the pond - the other two men turned into Bacon's public-house - I went out shortly after, and the prisoner was leaning over the pails - the other two were in the tap-room, looking over towards Bell's - I came back, and in a few minutes saw the prisoner look through the key-hole of the gas gates - I said, "You cannot get in there, they have been fastened up some months- you had better go round if you want any body" - he said, he wanted the gas man - I told him his conduct was very suspicious - I went home, and about twenty minutes afterwards I heard a cry of "Stop thief" - I went out, looked towards Bell's house, and saw Key take the prisoner - a crowd got round him, and Mrs. Bell came home - I went into the house with her - the street door and parlour door were wide open - I went up stairs with her - the bed was doubled up, and the things all in confusion - the drawers all open.
Cross-examined. Q. Then you saw the prisoners four or five times that morning? A. I did; I suspected them - I was going about to my work people - I have lived in Doverow three years - I never saw the prisoner before that morning - I was in this court ten years ago, on a trial about a 5l. note which I took - I have never been here since to my knowledge - in the other court I had two cases while I was a private watchman - I was never tried in my life in any court.
Q. Were you not charged four or five years ago by one Leggatt, with a criminal offence? A. Never; I know John and Thomas Reeves - they were both tried some time ago- I was not a witness on that trial - it was a brother of mine - I was never in my life charged with robbing any lady or gentleman.


                  MARY 
                  KEY
               



            . I am the wife of John Key. I remember his going out on this morning with my son - I observed two men come out of Bell's house, one with a black bag, and the other with an umbrella - the last man 
               drew
             the door after him - I could not see whether it shut - the one with the bag directly ran down Boston-street - I ran out of my house, and met him - I said, "Master, you are wanted back there" - he said, "Nobody wants me" - I said, "You are a thief, and you have robbed the house" - he directly threw the bag at me, ran as hard as he could down John-street, and got away - I took the bag back to Bell's house, and gave it to my son, who took it into the house, and gave it to Mrs. Bell.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SCROOB
               



            . I am the daughter of John Scroob, and live in John-street, Goldsmith-row. On the Thursday morning I was sitting at the window at work, between ten and eleven o'clock - I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and saw a man running, and the people after him - he ran down John-street, and threw something over Mr. Forster's garden wall.


                  ROBERT 
                  DAWSON
               



            . I live with Mr. Forster, at the Goldsmith's Arms. I was scouring my pots about twenty minutes before eleven o'clock in the yard - something was thrown over the wall, and hit me on my hat - it was a black bag with two skeleton keys in it - I gave them to the policeman.


                  JAMES 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am a policeman. Two skeleton keys were delivered to me by the landlord, who Dawson gave them to - one is a latch key, and the other a skeleton key- I tried them with Bell's door - one opened it directly - Iwent into the house - every thing was in confussion - the drawers open, and beds turned up.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking that way, going to make a waistcoat, which was in the parcel, as a present to my brother-in-law to work in; and I refused to tell who he was, because I thought it might injure him in his work.(
               
                  John 
                  Davis
               



            , weaver, No. 4, Shaywood's-place, Bethnalgreen, gave the prisoner a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
