





158. 




JOHN WINTER,



 DAVID PRICE
, and 




RICHARD CAREY
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
7th of November, 1 coat, value 10s.; and 1 cloak, value 10s.; the goods of 



Thomas Haines: and that Carey had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN EATON
 (police-constable S 193.) On the afternoon of the 7th of November, I was in Tottenham Court-road, in plain clothes—I saw the three prisoners in company together—I walked down Howland-street, and to the comer of John-street—there was a gig standing at a door in Howland-street—I saw Price and Carey go towards the gig—Winter stood at the corner of John-street, two houses off, and had a view of what the other men did—they stood near the gig for two or three minutes—a cart came along which hid them from me for a moment, and as soon as it had passed, I saw Carey come away from the gig with something in his hand—he went into John-street, and gave it to Winter, Carey and Price were close together, near the gig—they went away together, and Winter went down John-street with it—I went after Winter—Price and Carey went in a different direction—when be got to the corner of John-street, at the comer of Pitt-street, he gave a whistle—I saw him put the coat on his back—I followed him to Upper John-street, stopped him, and asked what he was going to do with the coat—he said he was going to take it to the public-house—a man had asked him to carry it for him—I asked what public-house—he said he could not tell me the sign, and I took him to the station-house—I afterwards saw Price at the corner of Heaton-court, Crawford-street—he went up Heaton-Court, and hallooed up at one of the windows—Carey came down into the court to Crawford-street—they went under a door-way there, and pulled off their coats—I followed them into the Edge ware-road, till I saw another constable—I took them both—Price said, "What do you Want of me?"—I said, For the coat you took out of the gig"—he said he knew nothing about it—I took them to the station-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Was any one else passing the gig at the same time? A. I did not see any one—this happened at half-past four o'clock.






THOMAS HAINES
. I am a publican. This coat is mine—I lost it from a gig which was standing at a door in Howland-street, between four and five o'clock—the officer did not give me notice till the following morning—I also lost a cloak, which has not been found—I was in the house about four minutes.

Winter's Defence. A young fellow met me, and asked what road I was going—I said, "To Paddington"—he said he was going that way, and lent me his coat—he said, "You may put it on."





SAMUEL MOYES
 (police-constable D 45.) I produce a certificate of Cary's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

Price's Defence, I know nothing about it.

WINTER—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

PRICE—


GUILTY
. Aged 20. 



Transported for Seven Years.

CAREY—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.
