




1866. 




AUGUSTA BENNETT
alias


JANE JONES

 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
2nd of July, at 
Saint George, Hanover-square, 1 tea-pot, value 10l., and 5 spoons, value 1l.10s.; the goods of 




William Measres, her master, in his dwelling-house; and 




WILLIAM JONES
 was indicted for

 feloniously receiving 4 spoons, value 12s., part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen, as aforesaid.






WILLIAM MEARES
. I live in Davis-street, Berkeley-square, in the parish of Saint George, Hanover-square. The female prisoner was in my service for about three weeks—on the 2nd of July, she asked leave to go out, and never returned—we examined and missed a tea-por value 10l., and all the property stated in the indictment, and other silver besides—I gave information at the police-office next morning, and on the afternoon of that day the constable broght me four spoons—I know nothing of Jones—Bennett had been out two or three nights before.





RICHARD PASSEY
. I am a constable. About the 31st of June, I received information from Mr. Kyezer, a silversmith, who I lodge with, and I waited at home to apprehend a person if he came on the following morning, but he did not—next morning I was called down—I came into the shop, and saw the prisoner Jones with four spoons in his hand—on my walking towards him he picked them off the counter, and put them behind him—her an out—I called, "Stop thief!" and a gentleman stopped him in Tottenham-court-road—I took him to the station-house, and after making inquiry, a policeman gave information of this robbery—I went to Mr. Meares, who described Bennett, and in the evening in High-street, Saint Giles, I saw her with another female coming out of the Rockery—I went up and spoke to her—he said her name was Jane Jones—I said "I think it is Augusta Bennett"—she said, "Yes"—I asked her where she came from? she said, "Brompton"—I said, "Don't you know Davis-street, Berkeley-square"—she said, "Yes"—I said, "Don't you know Mr. Meares"—she said she did—I told her the charge, and she mentioned all these articles singly; as having taken them—nothing has been found bat the four spoons.





LOUIS KYEZER
. I keep a silversmith's shop in Tottenham-court-road. The prisoner Jones came to me between nine and ten o'clock at night with

a silver fork, and asked if I bought silver, and if it it was all right—I looked at it and said, "Why so?"—he said, "If you do I shall have a good swag to-morrow"—I said, "I do not like buying any thing on the cross, but let me see it, will you?"—he said, "Well. to-morrow morning I will bring it; I suppose it will be all right?"—I said "Yes," and bought a fork, worth 10s. for 7s. 9d., which we call a cross-price—as soon as he was gone I gave information to Passey—(I have apprehended nearly thirty person in that way)—Passey waited all the next day, but he did not come—next morning he brought four spoons—I called my man aside, to send Passey, who came down and went out of the side door; and as soon as he came into the shop the prisoner took the spoons up, and tried to conceal them—he ran out and would have got away, if a gentleman had not stopped him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Bennett's Defence. When I was at the house I drank a quanitity pf spirits, unforturnately, and did not know what I was about—in St. Giles's I met this man—he went with me to nearr the church, and said, "Do you want a lodging?"—I said, "Yes; "—he said, "Take a little run-and-water"—we went into the public—house, and when I tasted it I gave it to the publican's wife—he said he would take me to better lodgings.

BENNETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Life.

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
