



1492. 





AMELIA FLETCHER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of May, at 
St. Marylebone, 3 pairs of gloves, value 7s.; 1 collar, value 1s.; and 7 sovereigns; the goods and monies of 



Ann Mellon: 1 watch, value 5l.; 1 seal, value 5s.; 1 watch-key, value 2d.; 2 shawls, value 1l.; 1 frill, value 1s.; 1 collar, value 1s.; 1 locket, value 5s.; and 1 hairchain, value 12s.; the goods of 



Mary Harding, her mistress, in her dwelling-house.



MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY HARDING
. I live in Holles-street, Cavendish-square; the prisoner was my servant for nearly three years. On Tuesday, the 24th of May, I went out, leaving my daughter at home in the shop—when I returned the prisoner was gone—she had given no notice of her intention to leave—I went into the kitchen, and on the dresser found a screw-driver very much bent, also a key and a hammer—I missed my watch and several articles of wearing apparel—the watch was kept in my bed-room—it is worth about 5l.—I had seen it on the Monday—I missed a pocket handkerchief and several articles—I have only found the watch and seals, two shawls, and a collar.





ANN MELLON
. I live with Mrs. Harding. On Wednesday, the 25th of May, when the prisoner had left, I found my box broken open, and a purse with seven sovereigns in it gone, and one or two trifling things—I had seen them safe on Monday—I have not seen them since.





THOMAS DALLEY
. I am a police-sergeant. On the 29th of May I went to Johnson-street, Back-road, St. George's, East, and found the prisoner at the house of a person named Penn—Mr. Penn said in her presence that he knew her from a child, and she had some property about her that he was going to allow her to remain there till her grandmother came home, and he wished me to take notice what property she had—I saw she had a gold watch, suspended by a ribbon round her neck—this led me to make inquiry—she said the watch had been given to her by her young mistress, named Dixon, No. 2, Oxford-street—I made inquiries and returned to Penn's house, and told the prisoner, instead of her mistress' name being Dixon it was Harding—she said it was—I told her there was some money she had stolen, besides the watch—she said she had spent all the money at Gravesend except two sovereigns, which she had lost out of a hole in the purse—I had taken the watch from her in the first instance.





MARY ANN OSMOND
. I am the wife of a policeman. I searched the prisoner at the station-house on the 29th of May, and found on her this shawl, a waist-ribbon and a collar—she told me her mistress had ill-used her, or else she should not have run away.





MARY HARDING
. This is my watch—this collar is my daughter's—I cannot swear to the shawl—it is exactly like what I lost.





ANN MILLON
. I had a collar like this—I do not swear to it.





JOHN TAYLOR
. I am a street-keeper of Billingsgate ward. On the 29th of May my attention was directed to the prisoner by the steward of a steam-boat—she had a gold watch suspended to her bosom—I told her to tuck it into her gown—I took her into a private place and asked her where she was going, she said to George-street, Hanover-square—I got a friend to go and see her home.

Prisoner. I was apprenticed, and my mistress ill used me—I would not stop with her and ran away twice before, through her ill usage.





MARY HARDING

re-examined. She ran away two years and a half ago and was brought back by her sister—she took out different things of mine then and sold them—she has a grandmother, but no father or mother—she never would tell me where her grandmother lived—when she was insolent I have slapped her several times.




GUILTY
. Aged 13.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutrix.




Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

