




1154. 




GEORGE PREEDY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
20th of March, 21 shawls, value 21l.; 50 yards of silk, value 19l.; 1 scarf, value 2l. 10s.; 26 yards of cloth called challi, value 1l. 4s.; and 7 handkerchiefs, value 1l. 4s. 6d.; the goods of 



William Pedro.






WILLIAM PEDRO
. I am a licensed hawker, and lodge at the Coach and Horses, in Aldersgate-street, which is kept by Mrs. Burrin, a widow, On Tuesday night, the 19th of March, I went home at eleven o'clock—I had some bundles containing silk, silk handkerchiefs, and shawls, worth from 47l. to 50l.—I left them on a chair in the kitchen up stairs, which is right opposite the parlour—I went down to the bar-parlour, leaving my things on the chair—I afterwards missed them—I saw them again at the station-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you seen the prisoner at or about the room? A. No—there were a lot of cab men all together.





JOHN COOK
 (police-constable G 228.) On the 20th of March I was on duty in Whitecross-street, about half-past one o'clock in the morning, in that part of the street which is in the county—I saw the prisoner coming down the street with this bundle, as I was coming from Whitecross-court—I stepped out, and stopped him—he said, "It is a fine night"—I said, "Yes," and asked what he had got—he said it was his own—I asked him to let me look—he said he did not know about that—I said if he did not I should take him to the station-house—he then untied one lot, and I was a piece of silk—I asked what it was—he said, "A waistcoat piece," and he was a tailor—I then saw a shawl, and said, "Do you make shawls?"——he said, No, it was a present his mother had made his wife—I said, "That will do"—he tied them up, and I took him and them to the station-house—the sergeant asked him what the bundle contained—he said, "A shawl, a waistcoat-piece, and a gown-piece"—on untying the bundle the sergeant saw several more things, and said, "Here is more than you give account of"—he said if there were more he knew nothing about them—he said he lived in Noble-street.

Cross-examined. Q. How far is it from the Coach and Horses to Albemarle-street? A. I should think half a mile—the prisoner was coming towards Chiswell-street—I do not know Albemarle-street—I am sure he told me he was a tailor.





JOHN WITHERFORD
 (police-sergeant G 10.) On the morning of the 20th of March, about a quarter to two o'clock, I was passing through Albemarle-street, and observed a bundle in a doorway—it contained several pieces of silk, three handkerchiefs, some shawls, and one gown-piece—I took them to the station-house—another policeman afterwards found some other things near where I found these.

Cross-examined. Q. Can you tell the distance from the Coach and Horses to Albemarle-street? A. It is about half a mile—you would not have to pass Albemarle-street in coming from Aldersgate-street to White-cross-street—it is quite in a different direction.





WILLIAM HUSSEY
. I am a licensed cab man, No. 1283, and live in Half-moon-passage, Aldersgate-street. On Tuesday night, the 19th of March, several cab men met at the Coach and Horses—we were in the parlour—the prisoner was there—he drives a cab—I do not know exactly what time he left—it was between twelve and one o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see him go? A. I did not—Mrs. Burrin, the landlady, came into the room between twelve and one o'clock, and told us it was time to go—I and two more went out last—I did not see the prisoner go out of the room.

(property produced and sworn to)

JOHN COOK
re-examined. When I took the prisoner, he was not going towards the Coach and Horses, but to Chiswell-street—he might go that way to Aldersgate-street, but that was not the way he meant to go—he told me he was going to Noble-street—I told the Magistrate that—it was in my deposition, and was read over to me—(the witness's deposition being read, contained no mention of Noble-street, or any residence)—I did not tell the Magistrate that he said he was going to Noble-street—I said he gave his address wrong, and I took his badge to Somerset House, and found where he lived—I did not say I told the Magistrate that he said he was going to Noble-street—he said so at the station-house, and that he lived in Noble-street—he was going towards Noble-street.

MR. PHILLIPS, on the prisoner's behalf, stated, that the bundle found on him was given him by a man in the street, who told him to take care of it; that he was going home, but turned into Whitecros-street, intending to go back to the Coach and Horses to deposit it, and ask what to do with it, when the officer took him, and, being terrified, he gave the account he did.

(Thomas Jones, carpenter, No. 13, Water-lane, Fleet-street; John Kent, book-binder, No. 15, Ship's-court, Old Bailey; James Kennedy, tin-plate-worker, Aldersgate-street; and Edward Goddard, porter, No. 69, Old Bailey, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
