







1901. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HENBERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of August

, 7 watches, value 14l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Norris
                        



                     
                  , his master
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     POULETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  JOHN 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I am a watch-maker
, and live at Fulham



. Henberry is my nephew, and was with me on liking
- on the 8th of August I went to town, and when I returned the prisoner was out; he did not return: the next morning I missed two watches from a glass-case in my shop - I afterwards missed five more; six of the watches are here - I have a slight knowledge of Poulett; he lived with a printer.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Henberry had a good character? A. Yes - I have entrusted him with gold watches and money; his father brought him to my house the next day, but I was not at home - I had a good opinion of him.


                  EDWARD 
                  SHAYLER
               



             (Police-constable S 187). I went on the 9th of August to the Camden-head, Camden-town; I saw the prisoner Jackson there - he is pot-boy there: I took him into the parlour, and asked how he had become possessed of a silver hunting-watch which he had pawned - he said a young man had met him in the course of the afternoon, and taken him to Somers'-town, and while there he had asked him to pawn the watch, which he did, in the name of Mr. Hughes, No. 6, Chapel-grove; he gave me this duplicate of it, and 1l. 10s. 9 1/2d. - I took him to the station, and on the way he spoke to 
               
                  John 
                  Macey
               



            ; I got the watch by means of the duplicate, and the next day I received another watch from Jackson's master.


                  JOHN 
                  MACEY
               



            . I am pot-boy at the King's Head, Middlesex-street, Somers'-town. Jackson is my brother-inlaw; I saw him in the custody of the officer - he gave me three duplicates and a key, and told me to go and take three watches out of his box, but his master would not allow me to go up stairs to look for them; I gave the duplicates and the key to Collard.
Jackson. I told him to go and get them out of my box and give them to my master, for the young man for whom I had them to mind till the morning.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COLLARD
               



            . I was a Police-serjeant, but am now promoted. On the 9th of August Macey came to the station, and gave me the key and these three duplicates; I went to the Camden Head, and found a box, which the landlord and a fellow-servant pointed out - I opened it with the key, and found three watches in it, which I have here.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  LORIMER
               



            . I am a constable of Camdentown. Henberry and Poulett were brought to me by Henberry's father on the 10th of August; his father gave me a duplicate, in his presence - we did not say any thing to induce Henberry to confess, but he said he had pawned one watch for 14s., and that half the money and six other watches he had given to Poulett; and Poulett said he had handed them over to Jackson, and he acknowledged he had received 7s. for the watch which had been pawned: he said Jackson had pawned two of them for 1l. 15s., and he had handed over to Jackson above a sovereign, he could not say what; he said he was going to sell the watches, and they were going to America.
Cross-examined. Q. Where did his father bring him to you? A. To my house in Pratt-street - he said he had been a very honest steady young man; his family are very respectable.


                  JULIUS 
                  HOCKLEY
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker in Somers'-town. I have a silver watch and a gold chain, pawned by Jackson, for 1l. 15s. - he said it was for Mr. Hughes, No. 6, Chapel-grove.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Islington. I have a watch, pawned on the 8th of August, between two and three o'clock, by Henberry, for 14s., in the name of John Henberry, No. 10, Upper-street, Islington.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you known him before? A. No; he was dressed as he is now; I took notice of him, and asked him a variety of questions.


                  THOMAS 
                  FRANKLYN
               



            . I live in Brady's-passage. On the 8th of August Jackson came to me, as I was selling some apples - he said he had a watch belonging to a friend, and asked me to pawn it for 17s.; I went, but I got but 10s.
Jackson. Q. Was not Poulett with me? A. Yes, but he did not speak to me; you told me to pawn it in the name of Rolph, which I did.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Poulett's Defence. Henberry called at my place, and asked me to go out - I said I could not then, but at oneo'clock I went out, and he was at the door; he asked me to go with him, and took me to Islington, to a cook-shop, gave me some victuals, and then took me to the theatre - when we came out it was late; he gave me six watches, asked me to mind them till the next morning, and promised to meet me, but he did not come; I took a walk, and met Jackson - I asked him to pawn a watch, which he did; I then went to Somers'-town, and asked him to pawn another- my master owed me a little money, and I thought I could get them the next morning.
Jackson's Defence. Poulett asked me to pawn a watch for him when I was out with the one o'clock beer - I could not, but I asked Franklyn to take it, which he did; I said I did not care in what name, as it was for this young man; I then delivered my beer, and when I came back Franklyn and he were there, and Franklyn gave him the money; I had my dinner, and at three o'clock I went out again -Poulett then asked me to pawn another watch; he said a friend of his had given them to him the night before, and he did not like to take them himself - I said I did not like it, but I did not mind; I took it, and said it was for Mr. Hughes, as I thought I should get the more; I got 35s. for it, and gave all the money to Poulett; we then went to the African, and had a quartern of gin and cloves- we then went to the Cheshire Cheese, and had some more - he then gave me four watches, and said they belonged to a friend of his, whom he could not find that morning, two duplicates, and 1l. 2s. 6d. in cash; I put three of the watches into my box, and had the other in my pocket.
HENBERRY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
POULETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JACKSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Confined Six Months
            .
