





OLD COURT. THURSDAY, JANUARY 5.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
316. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     ANDERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, 1 clock, value 5l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Wells
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Budden
                        



                     
                  , in their dwelling-house
            .
THOMAS WELLS. I keep a public-house

 in the parish of Marylebone


 - David Budden lives with me; we pay the rent jointly. On the 24th of December, about one o'clock in the day, the prisoner came to the house with a very decently dressed man - they went into the parlour together: the prisoner came to the bar in about ten minutes, and called for a pint of beer, which he took into the room; the man came out in about a quarter of an hour, and had a glass of brandy and bitters at the bar - while he was drinking that the woman came out: she took no notice of the man, but walked across the passage, and out at the door; I suspected something, went into the parlour, and the clock was gone - it stood eight or nine feet from the ground; I did not observe that she had any thing - I immediately went out, leaving the man in the house; I saw the prisoner, and secured her, with the clock under her cloak, and gave her in charge - I think it is worth 5l. - she had paid for the porter herself.
Prisoner. Q. Was not the man there before I came in? A. No; I am certain they came in together.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MILES
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was called, and took the prisoner into custody with the clock.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I knew the gentleman - he asked me to go and have something to drink; I said I was going further - he asked me to meet him at the Lord High Admiral, and in about three quarters of an hour I went and met him there; the clock laid on the table, and he asked me to pledge it - I did not know but it was his own.




               GUILTY of stealing, to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
