



1288. 




HENRY SPEAR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of March, at 

St. George in the East, 1 watch, value 6l.; 2 seals, value 10s.; 1 watch ribbon, value 1s.; 1 split-ring, value 3s. 1 watch key, value 5s.; 2 brooches, value 1l.; 1 necklace, value 2s.; 1 pair of ear-rings, value 10s.; 1 ring, value 10s.; 1 purse, value 2s. 6d.; 2 half-crowns, 7 shillings, and 2 sixpences; the goods and monies of 



Charles Boxall: and 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.; and 22 pieces of copper coin, value 6d.; the goods and monies of 



John Franklin, in the dwelling-house of 



James Barber.






ELIZABETH JANE BOXALL
. I live with my father, James Barber, who is a clock maker, in Commercial-road; Charles Boxhall, my husband, is a pastry cook—the prisoner worked in the house for my father—on the 26th of March, about two o'clock, I went up stairs for my ear-rings, which had been in my bed-room, and missed them, and all the articles stated in the indictment—the watch was in a looking-glass drawer—the property belonging to my husband amounted to about 12l.—the prisoner was the only person missing from the house—I had not seen him in the house on the 26th, which was Monday—I had seen him on the Saturday—I saw the things safe between eight and nine o'clock on the morning of the 26th.





JOHN FRANKLIN
. I am an apprentice to Mr. Barber. The prisoner did not come to work after the 26th—he had not been discharged—I missed a pair of boots, which are here.





THOMAS COAKLEY
. I am a tinman, and live in Church-row, Commercial-road. The prisoner lodged there about a month, and slept in the same room as me—on the 26th of March, about two o'clock, he came home, and went through the room down stairs up to the sleeping-room.





EDWARD CARTER
 I am a pawnbroker, and live at Green wich. I produce a silver watch, which I took in pawn of the prisoner in the name of John Jones, 17, blue Stile.

Prisoner. He said at the office he could not swear to me. Witness. It is not true.





THOMAS HENRY BOSWORTH
. I am an inspector of the police at Bristol. On the 9th of April I apprehended the prisoner there, and found a silk purse, containing 3s. 6d., two duplicates, and some old coins on him, and a pair of boots on his feet.


MRS. BOXALL
re-examined. I believe this to be my purse—it had 13s. in it when I lost it.





CHARLES BOXALL
. That is my watch. 'Prisoner's Defence (written.) The first week I was in Mr. Barker's employment, me and John, Mr. Barker's apprentice, got into conversation about tramping for work, and how much he should like to see the country, and how much he should like to go with me, because, as he said, he though that having travelled two or three times for work I naturally should know the best way of getting an existence on the road, and I told him that if ever I tramped again that I should go down to my friends in Bristol—we had held a little conversation about tramping several timer during the time that I worked for his master, which was about six weeks About two or three days before I left, he made a proposition to me (having previously heard his master tell me that he should not be able to employ me after the Saturday.) to tramp with me to Bristol, and if I would go he would lend me his boots to tramp in, because my boots were bad; upon which I left on the Monday—he told me to stop till they were all gone down stairs to their dinners, and then to put on his boots and leave directly, which I did, and he would meet me at the Black Boy at Windsor on the Tuesday week, with plenty of money. I went straight from there to my lodgings, where there was my fellow lodger, with whom I had been like brothers, and I had, with his consent, the use of his top coat, when he did not want it himself, because my coat was not a very good one. I was not in the habit of asking him for the loan of it every time I wanted it but used to go and take it, as I did on the day in question. I wandered about London for work till the following Monday morning, when, being very short of money, I got a young man to pledge the coat for me, because I had not been in the habit of pledging any thing, and he got me 5s. on it I then made the best of my way to Windsor, and got in on Tuesday, where, instead of him meeting me, he sent a young man with the red purse now produced, with a lot of old coins in one end and ten shillings in the other, with the ticket of the watch in a piece of paper, which he sent word was his own, and that his motive for sending them was that I might make money of them to assist me on the road. The young man told me that he was out of work, and he knew John very well, and that he gave him 10s. and plenty of pastry to eat on the road for coming down. I went down to Bristol, where I called at a place, in Narrow Wine-street, for work, and told them innocently enough my name, where I had come from, and who I had worked for, as I did to the policeman when I was taken. (There was another indictment against the prisoner.)




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
