



32. 




WILLIAM DRAGGS
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Paterson, on the 
11th of November, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 8 glass bottles, value 5l., his property.






JAMES PATERSON
. I am a perfumer and hair-dresser, and live in Grace-church-street. On Saturday night, the 12th of November, I had eight glass bottles—I saw them in the afternoon within about six inches of the glass of the window—I shut up my shop at eleven o'clock—a person could not reach them from the door—they were in the furthest pane from the door—the pane they stood near was found starred and broken when the shutters

were taken down on Monday morning—I did not know it before—there was sufficient cut out for a hand to be put in and take the bottles out—the persons who shut the shutters had not discovered it at night—on Monday morning I looked, and these bottles were gone—they were in a tray.

Q. Did you see the shutters taken down on Monday morning. A. Yes—I saw the hole when the last shutter was taken down—I have two lads and a journeyman.





THOMAS CARTER
. I am a policeman. On Saturday night, the 12th of November, I was in Watling-street about a quarter after six o'clock, and heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I turned round, and saw the prisoner running behind me in the middle of the street—I stopped him, and took him to the station-house, when I found these eight smelling-bottles in his pocket, which the prosecutor swears to.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far was he from the prosecutor's house? A. About a quarter of a mile—he was running towards Gracechurch-street, from Bow-lane.





PHILIP PARISH
. I am a policeman. On Saturday evening, about a quarter past six o'clock, I saw the prisoner in Cheapside with another person not in custody—he ran away—I followed him, calling, "Stop thief," and afterwards saw him in Carter's custody.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
(Robert Green, brushmaker, Kent-street, Borough; Isaac Marshall, wheelwright, Redcross-street, Borough; Thomas Pearce, tripe-dresser, Bermondsey-street, and John Jennings, whalebone-cutter, Kent-street, Borough, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. of stealing only. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.

