



667. 




JAMES BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of February, 36 covered pots, value 10s.; and twelve pots of ointment, value 17s.; the goods of 




Zaccheus Hunter, and another.






JOHN TOWNE
. I am in the employ of Mr. Hunter and another; they are druggists. On the 2nd of February I was drawing Mr. Hunter's truck, in which were three hampers, and two paper parcels; one was for Barclays, one for the King's Arms, and one for the Cross Keys—Barclays live in Farringdon-street—I stopped, and left a hamper there—I was there for a short time—I did not lose one there—I lost one hamper when I was at Herring's, in Aldersgate-street—I went in there a short time, came out, and one was gone—I then went to Gracechurcb-street, and stopped at the Cross Keys—I left two parcels and an empty hamper in the truck—when I came back one of the parcels was gone—I saw it brought back again—I did not see the prisoner taken.





MARY TILLETT
. I am a weaveress. I was in Gracechurch-street, in company with Martha Neale—I saw two paper parcels in a truck—the prisoner took one, and walked away with it—I went and told some one who was by the truck, and my friend followed the prisoner—I afterwards followed him—he went up a passage, and my friend kept close to him—I saw him brought back—I am sure he is the person.





MARTHA NEALE
. I was in company with Mary Tillett—I saw the parcel taken out of the truck by the prisoner—I followed him—he went up Bull's Head-passage, and I followed him till he was taken—I gave the alarm—he was not at all out of my sight, till he got to where it was rather dark—I saw him again immediately, and he had the parcel with him.





JOHN ROBERT MOSELEY
. I live in Skinner's-place, Leadenhall-market. I heard the alarm, went out, and saw nothing—I then saw the prisoner run by, and as he ran by, he threw down the parcel—I was going to take it up—some one put their foot on it, and I put my foot on it, and kept it till the prisoner was brought up in custody.





JOHN GRIMES
. I am a constable of Leadenhall-market. I saw the prisoner—he turned the corner, and ran into my arms—I said, "Where are you going?"—he made no reply, but the females came up and said he had stolen a parcel.





WILLIAM BAKER
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Hunter. I packed up this parcel—it contains all the articles stated in the indictment—they

belong to Zaccheus Hunter and another—I intrusted John Towne to take them out—there is a hamper missing as well.





ZACCHEUS HUNTER
. I have a partner—the parcel and its contents are mine—we lost a hamper the same evening.

Prisoner. I never was in trouble before in my life—my father was sick of a fever.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.


Transported for Seven Years.
