



1611. 




PARISH DEIGHTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of June, two £50 Bank notes, the property of 



Edward Ridgeway.—2nd COUNT calling them promissory notes.






EDWARD RIDGEWAY
. I am a student at Jesus College, Cambridge. On the night of the 2nd of May, about eleven or twelve o'clock, there was a fire in my bed-room in the College—I had gone to bed about half-past ten o'clock—I had to £50 Bank notes in my room I but them in to my tron-pocket, and placed my trousers in my bed room I got up when the fire happened, and took all my clothes out my bed room and placed them in my dressing room I then went to get assistance to put the fire out—I had left a candle on a chair by my bed-side, and fell asleep, and the curtains caught fire—It was put out afterwards—I was obliged to remove to the other room in the middle of the night—and in the morning when I sent for my clothes to put on, I found the notes were gone—I heard nothing of them until the other day—I should not know the notes again—the prisoner had been ostler at a livery-stable at Cambridge, where I kept my horse—the stables are a quarter of a mile from my room—he could not have been there in the course of the night, because the gates of the College are kept locked—my trousers were in my dressing-room—I sent the porter for them in the morning-the gates of the College are opened about six

o'clock in the morning—I got up about half-past eight o'clock—I do not know whether my outer door was shut or not.





CHARLES CROWTHER
. I am a porter at the Belle Sauvage. I saw the prisoner on the 11th of June, about four o'clock in the afternoon—he arrived the previous evening, by the Lincoln coach—It does not pass through Cambridge—he got down from the coach and had no money to pay his fare except a £50 note which he tendered—Mrs. Nelson gave me a £50 note—I was present when the previous taken, and saw another £50 note found on him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. All you know is you took the same note to the bank as Mrs. Nelson gave you? A. Yes; I wrote my name on it.





SIMON SMITH
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on Thursday, the 11th of June—I found a £50 Manchester branch bank note on him this is it.





MARMADUKE BLAKE SAMPSON
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. Cowther presented me a £50 note—I stopped it as stolen, Jones and Lloyd having applied to us to stop it as stolen from the prosecutor.





CHARLES CROWTHER
. This is the note I received it was my writing on it.





MARY NELSON
. I keep the Belle Savage. I was at home when the prisoner arrived by the coach—the coachman came to me to change a £50 note which he had received from the prisoner—I objected to do it—the prisoner was with the coachman and beard at that passed—I thought it very suspicious and would not give change—I advanced five sovereigns to him on it, and gave Cowherd the same note to get changed—the prisoner applied to me for the remainder of the money—I asked how he came by the note—he said he had sold a horse to Mr. Ridgeway for £35., and received the £50 note which he had presented to me from Mr. Ridgeway as payment for the horse out of which he had to return him change—an officer was sent for and he was apprehended.

Cross-examined. Q. what day did he come to you? A. On wednesday night, the 10th of June, about twelve o'clock I took the note up stairs and put it in to my iron safe I had the the conversation with him the same night I send the porter to the Bank about 10 o'clock in the morning.





JOHN POTTER
. I am clerk at the Manchester Bank, Jones, Lloyd, and Co. The prosecutor cashed with us I paid him, on the 1st of May, two £50 notes, No. 10, 226, dated September 22, 1834, and 10, 227, dated the same day.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you speaking from; a memorandum made by yourself? A. Yes; at the time I paid the notes—this is a copy of the note-book, which is not here; but here is the cheque which I paid; and on it I have made the memorandum of the notes and I have made a mark on the notes which you will see.





EDWARD RIDDEWAY

re-examined. I received the notes which I lost from Potter—I never bought a horse of the prisoner not ever paid him a £50 note.

Cross-examined. Q. At what time do the College gates shut at night? A. Ten o'clock—I do not know whether my outer door was shut when I went to bed—I believe it was—I saw the notes just before I got into bed—there is a door from my dressing-room to my bed-room—several persons came into my room to assist in extinguishing the fire—the prisoner was not one of those persons—I did not see him there at all—I went to sleep in another room close by—I rather think my room door was open—the passage lends into the green—I do not know the notes at all—I have no mark on them—I believe the prisoner bore a very good character.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
