





310. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             again indicted for 


               embezzling the sum of £14 1s. 6d., which he had received on account of 
                     
                        Elias 
                        Moses
                     




                   and another, his masters
            .


                  ISAAC 
                  MOSES
               



            . On the 29th of September
 the prisoner was in our employ - I gave him a cheque on Barnett, Hoare, & Co., which I produce - I directed him to get cash for it - it was for £14 1s. 6d. - he never returned with it - I have never received the cash for it - he was not apprehended till the 9th of December - my father was in partnership with me - he was the servant of us both - the money was for our joint use.
RICHARD BESCOBY. I am clerk in Messrs. Barnett's banking-house, No. 62, Lombard-street - I cashed this cheque on account of a country bank - it is an order to pay Moses and Son the money - I have no recollection of the person who received it.
ALEXANDER BROOKFIELD. I am an officer of Cheap Ward - I apprehended the prisoner on the 9th of December in Lawrence-lane - I named to him the affair of Mr. Moses - he said he had been truly unhappy ever since; for it was not an affair of his own - I asked him what he had done with the cheque - I had heard of the circumstance from Mr. Moses - I asked him what he had done with the goods - he said it was not an act of his own - he had trusted them to another man - it was his duty to deliver them himself, but he did not do it - I said, "Why, you were trusted with a cheque the next day" - he said, "That likewise was an act of the same person's" - I said, "You never returned with it" - he said no, he was ashamed - he did not say he had received the money, nor that he had not - he mentioned the person's name; and I knew him perfectly well, the same as Roe does - I knew the prisoner two years before, he lived in King-street, at Dewhey, Farmer, & Co.; and at that time this man used to be at the corner of Guildhall-yard getting different jobs; but he was known to be a bad character; and I think the prisoner must have known he had left his place for some dishonesty - it was well known he was a man who could not get a constant situation - the prisoner did not say who got the cheque cashed - he said it was an act the same as the other - he did not say what became of the cheque, nor who had the money.
Prisoner. I never knew he was discharged for dishonesty - I had it in my power to give him a job, and gave him one - it is quite correct what the constable states.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years - to commence from the expiration of his former sentence
            .
