





1516. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of September
, 1 watch, value 30l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Godwin
                  




               
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  HENRY 
                  GODWIN
               



            . I live at No. 4, Coburg-terrace, Bow-road; I am a landing-waiter in the Custom-house
. On the 18th of September, I had been dining with some friends, and drank rather too much wine - as I was going home I met a female at the top of Well-street


; I was taken with a swimming in my head, and she said, "Will you walk in, sir," which I was glad to do; I went in, and I must have taken my coat off, as some woman, (but I cannot say who) helped me on with it again - I had only staid a few minutes in the house - the woman then said something about money and drink, and I gave her some silver - I cannot tell whether I had my watch when I went into that house, but it was safe when I sat down to dinner at four o'clock - after I had got about a hundred yards from the house, my progress was impeded by a cart standing across the road; I dropped my handkerchief, and a woman said, "You have been robbed;" I thought it was of my handkerchief, but I felt, and my watch was gone - I begged the woman to get me an officer, who went back with me to the house I had just left - I saw a woman there, but not the prisoner; she said, "I suppose I know what you come for, it is this watch; and I suppose if I give it you, it will be all right;" the officer took the watch; this is it - it is worth 30l.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am the wife of Michael Baker; we live in Mill-yard. I know the prisoner - on the evening stated I left my house to carry some work home; I saw the cart standing in a yard which I had to pass through, and I saw the prosecutor there with the prisoner; he was very much intoxicated, and she had her right arm round his neck, and her hand in his pocket - a lady said, "That gentleman has been robbed;" the prosecutor then took hold of me, and said he would not let me go till he had procured a policeman; I saw the prisoner take something from the ground, and she ran very quickly away towards Mill-yard, where she lives -the prosecutor would not let me go till I took him to the station-house where we got the officer - I went with him to Mill-yard, and showed him the house in which the prisoner lives - the prisoner was not at home, but the landlady produced the watch.


                  JOHN 
                  FARMER
               



            . About eight o'clock that evening, I was loading a cart near Mill-yard; I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner coming along; she had one arm on his shoulder, and her other hand near his watch-fob - I saw her pull something out, and it fell on the ground; she picked it up and ran away.


                  GEORGE 
                  SEAMAN
               



             (police-constable H 150). I went to the house in Mill-yard; we knocked but there was no one there; we waited about five minutes, when the landlady came running up; the door of the house is in a nook next to a chapel, and she could not see us till she came to the door - she then asked me what I wanted, and on seeing the prosecutor, she said, "O, I know what he wants, he wants his watch - he left it on the bed, and I suppose if he gets his watch he will not proceed any further" - she produced this watch to me in the house, it has a bruise on the back of it, and it was all over mud.
Prisoner's Defence. I found the gentleman on the ground; I took him up; he bade me, good bye, and gave me some money - I do not know any thing about the watch.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19 - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
