





1255. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     MUCKLING
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 8th of Augu
st, 1 watch, value 2l.; 3 seals, value 8s.; and 1 watch key, value 6d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bond
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM BOND. I live at No. 31, Marylebone-street. On the 8th of August, about nine o'clock in the evening, I was in King-street, Covent-garden; I met the prisoner and went with her to Rose-street, Long-acre


, and we were shown up stairs - I had a watch when I went there; I felt it in my fob when I was in the house; I remained there about a quarter of an hour; I then came out by myself, but the prisoner was close behind me - I went on to Longacre, which was fifty or sixty yards; I then missed my watch; I turned back; I saw a policeman and took him to the house - I asked the persons there if they knew any thing of the watch; they said no; the prisoner was then gone - this key and seal and these four watch papers were with my watch that evening - the watch was worth 2l. and the seals and key 7s. or 8s.
Prisoner. He said at Bow-street that he was in liquor. Witness. I was.
COURT. Q. Then are you able positively to swear that this is the woman you went with? A. Yes, and I can swear I had the watch when I was in the house.


                  MARY 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am servant at the house; I recollect on that evening the prosecutor coming there with the prisoner; they went up stairs, and the prosecutor came back soon after he went out, and made a complaint of his loss.
Prisoner. I was coming from Piccadilly and I asked the servant of this house if I could go backwards; she said "Were you not here last week," I said "No, I never was in the house before;" she said, "Come in and talk to my mistress;" she then said, that I had been to the house with a gentleman, and she had shown him into the front room up stairs, for which she asked 2s., which he refused to pay; and she had shown him to the back room which was 1s. - she said she could swear to my make, but not my face; I never was in the house before - I ran out; she cried, "Thief, thief, thief," and I was taken.
Witness. I knew her, and she had been in the habit of coming to the house frequently; I am certain of it, but I did know her name.


                  THOMAS 
                  POCOCK
               



             (police-constable L 38). I met the prosecutor on the 8th of August, and in consequence of what he said, I looked after the prisoner for three or four nights running, but I did not find her till the 17th - I charged her on suspicion; she denied all knowledge of the robbery; she told me where she lodged, and gave me the key of her door - I went there on the 19th, which was Monday morning; I found a duplicate of a watch in a tea-cup on the mantel-piece; I searched further, and in a work-box, I found this seal, and four watch-papers - I went to the pawnbroker and found this watch; the prisoner gave her residence at No. 4, Princes-court, Commercial-road.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHARLES ELLIS
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker in York-row, Kennington-road. This watch was pawned by a woman on the 9th of August - I cannot say who pawned it, but I remember seeing the prisoner in the shop about the time.
Prisoner. He said at the office that it was at eight o'clock at night, but it was eight o'clock in the morning. Witness. I stated that to the best of my recollection it was between six and seven o'clock in the evening.
Prisoner. It was in the morning; I go out charing; I was cleaning a person's room, who said to me, "What is the matter;" I said, "I have six dresses in pawn, and if I could get them out, I could make double the money of them" - she said she would give me her husband's watch to pawn, which I did; her name is Turner - I got my dresses out, and brought the duplicate of the watch to her; in a few days afterwards she said to me, "My husband died abroad, and I want to go abroad, if you can sell the duplicate of this watch for me, I should be much obliged to you;" I said, I would inquire of my friends - I had been out at work on the Saturday, and on returning home throughLong-acre, I called at the house, and was accused of having been there with the gentleman, which I had not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
