





1887. 




ANN CRAWLEY
 and 




MARY ANN HALEY
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Ellen Barnes, at 
St. Paul, Shadwell, about the hour of ten in the night of the 
16th of July, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 sheet, value 2s.; 5 shells, value 2s.; 1 saucer, value 1d.; 5l. bs. weight of beef, value 2s. 6d.; 1 parasol, value 5s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; and 2 gowns, value 12s.; her goods; and 




FLORENCE HALEY



 for feloniously receiving 2 gowns, value 12s.; and 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






ELLEN BARNES
. I am single, and kept a house in Cow-lane, Shadwell, at the time in question. On Sunday, the 16th of July, I left my house about nine o'clock at night—I left no one in it—I bolted the parlour shutter and locked the door—I returned about eleven o'clock, and found the shutters standing wide open, a square of glass was broken, and the window up quite sufficient to let any body in—I went up stairs, and missed the property stated—I saw part of it again the same night, and part on Tuesday, at the station-house—I had met both the female prisoners in High-street, Shadwell, the same night, about ten o'clock, and they asked me to give them something to drink, which I did, at the White Hart—I went into the house and drank some gin with them—I was there about ten minutes—we came out together, and I left them afterwards about a hundred yards from my house—I went and supped at a friend's

house, and when I went home at eleven o'clock, I saw Mary Ann Haley standing nearly close to my house—I said, "Somebody has brokes my house open"—she said, "Have they?"—I said, "Yes, they have"—she went into the house with me, and stopped while I searched, and when the policeman came up I told him about it—he asked who I suspected, and I said the two female prisoners—she said she would not be guilty of such a thing, but I gave her in charge on suspicion—the officer afterwards went and took Crawley—I do not know the male prisoner—I have seen him pass my house, but was not acquainted with him, except by sight—I did not see him that day—I have only known the two females a very short time—one of them lived very near my house, and I have known her three or four months.





ELIZA NEESOM
. I am seventeen years old, and live in Gravel-lane. On Sunday night, the 16th of July, about eleven o'clock, I was standing at my deer, and saw Mary Ann Haley come down the lane from the prosecutrix's house, with a gown under her arm, which I knew by having seen the prosecutrix wear it—I did not see any thing of Crawley.





RICHARD BARBER
. I am a policeman. I was directed by the prose cutrix, about eleven o'clock on the 16th of July, to take Mary Ann Haley, who I found Outside the house—I went into the house with the prosecutrix and her—I found nothing on her, but just at the station-house door she said, if I went to Crawley she knew all about it—I asked where Crawley lived—she said, "No. 2, New Gravel-lane"—I went there, and found Crawley lying on the floor, asleep, in the back room, and underneath her back laid the sheet and parasol—she appeared to have been drinking—I asked her how she came by them—she said she did not know; she was very drunk, and did not know how they came under her—between the bed and sacking, where her mother and brother were lying, I found five shells and a saucer—they said they knew nothing how they came there—the male prisoner was not there—on the Wednesday the prosecutrix gave me two gowns.





HENRY THOMAS DALLEY
. I am a policeman. Crawley was brought to the station-house on Sunday morning, the 17th of July—Mary Ann Haley was there at the time, and was going to speak to Crawley, but Crawley said, "D——you; don't bother me; you have said too much already"—on the Wednesday, in consequence of information, I apprehended Florence Haley, in an empty house, for receiving the two gowns and stockings—I found nothing on him—he is the husband of the other prisoner—I told him I wanted him about the gowns—he said, "You don't mean to lock me up, do you?"





ELLEN BARNES

re-examined. The male prisoner brought the gowns and stockings to me on the Tuesday following, about nine o'clock at night, and asked me if I would prosecute them—I said "I want my property"—he said he would bring me my gowns back, and he did so about eight o'clock next morning—I have seen all these articles before—they are mine—the window is on the ground floor—a woman could get in when it was open.

Crawley's Defence. I am quite innocent of the charge—she said she was going to Sheerness, and would treat me—I bid her good night, and was very much in liquor; I saw neither her nor Haley afterward.

Mary Ann Haley's Defence. I came out, and met Crawley, who asked me to go and have some ale—we met the prosecutrix—Crawley crossde over to her, called me over, and we stood talking—she asked us to go in and drink—she had several drops of ale—we came out, and I bid them good

night—in about ten minutes I was coming up the lane, and met Crawley, who gave me these things, and asked me to mind them till the morning for her—I brought the things down the lane—my father was gone to bed, and I put the things in the empty house, close behind his yard—I told my husband where I had put them, and to take them, and ask the prosecutrix if they belonged to her, as I did not know who they belonged to.

Florence Haley's Defence—(written.)"On the 16th of July my wife was charged with housebreaking, with Ann Crawley—I went to her to see the cause of her being locked up—she then told me that she was charged with housebreaking—she then told me that Ann Crawley knew all about it—I then persuaded her to tell me where the things were, so that I could give them to the prosecutrix, as the prosecutrix told me that if she had her things that was all she wanted—I then went and found the things in in empty house, and took them to the prosecutrix, as I considered myself in duty bound to do, she being my lawful wife; and for my honesty they have sent me here."





ELIZA NEESOM

re-examined. I cannot say whether daylight was entirely gone when Haley passed me—I did not notice.

CRAWLEY—



GUILTY of stealing only. Aged 27.

MARY ANN HALEY—



GUILTY of stealing only. Aged 20.





Transported for Seven Years.


FLORENCE HALEY—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

