



1780. 




JOSEPH PROSSER
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John David Cripps, about the hour of five o'clock in the night of the 
3rd of August, at the parish of 
St. Andrew, Holborn, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 coal-scuttle, value 18s.; 1 tablecloth, value 4s.; the goods of 



Reuben Thomas Davis; and 1 shawl, value 3s., the goods of 



Eliza Pyer.






ALEXANDER BOSWELL
. I live in Gloucester-mews, Marylebone. On the morning of the 4th of August, I was passing the house, No. 23, Cursitor-street, Chancery-lane, about a quarter to five o'clock, and saw the prisoner come out of the kitchen window of that house—he got over the area railings, and dashed off at full speed with something in his breast under his coat—I pursued him—he nearly outran me, but I never lost sight of him—I held up my hand and the watchman stopped him—I perceived him throw something away as he ran, over a wall near White's-alley—I

afterwards went to the spot with the officer-tbeend of the shawl was hanging down the wall.

Prisoner. It is false altogether—I was in a hurry going to my brother over the water, and was running—he did not see me get out of the window—I was going past. Witness. I did see him get out of the window, or I should not have run after him.





CHARLES PAINE
. I am a watchman of St. Dunstan in the West. I saw Boswell following the prisoner down Fetter-lane—the prisoner turned sound Rolls-buildings—I saw Boswell beckon with his hand—he did not call out—I took the hint, and pursued, thinking something was wrong; and in turning into White's-alley, I saw the prisoner throw something over the wall just as I took hold of him—I held him till a person came up, and then sound this shawl over the wall—I took him back to No. 23, Cursitor-street—the prosecutor came down stairs, and the servant identified the shawl as her property—I found a coal-scuttle, two brass candlesticks, and table-cloth, just put together, in the prosecutor's kitchen, near the winlow, handy to be taken away.





REUBEN THOMAS DAVIS
. I live at No. 22, Cursitor-street, in the house of John David Cripps—he is a sword-cutler, and occupies rooms in the house himself—it is in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn—I rent the kitchen—the articles produced are my property—the shawl belongs to our servant, Eliza Pyer—I went to bed about eleven o'clock over night—the kitchen shutters are very heavy wood, nailed together, but during the time I have resided there, I am not aware they have been put up many times—we always considered the area railing sufficient protection—there is only a wooden button to the window, independent of the shutter—the window does not go up, but goes on hinges, like folding-doors.





ELIZA PYER
. I am servant to Mr. Davis. I went to bed about eleven o'clock on the night in question—the kitchen-window was shut, and fastened with a wooden button—I was awoke at five o'clock in the morning, when the alarm was given—the coal-scuttle had been down by the copper over-night, and the table-cloth on the tray on the table, both in different parts of the room to where they were found in the morning—the shawl is mine—it was on the kitchen-table—I am sure the window was secured by the button before I went to bed—I fastened it the last thing at night—I never knew it to come open by the wind—I found the button off in the morning, as if it had been forced off.

Prisoner's Defence. It is false what they say about my getting over the railing—I had not the shawl about me at all.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
