



376. 




JOHN MANNING
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of December, 102lbs. weight of thread, value 7l. 5s. 6d., and 1 canvas wrapper, value 1s., the goods of 



Thomas Wood Chapman and another.






JAMES TWEEDLE
. I am foreman to Thomas Wood Ghapraan and mother, of Union-street, Borough. On the 15th of December, I packed up a bale with 1021bs. weight of shoe-thread, worth 7l. 5s. 6d.





WILLIAM BISHOP
. I am carter to Chapman and Parker. On the 15th of December I received a bale of thread to take to the Wool Quay to be shipped—I had fourteen packages in my cart—I delivered seven on the road—I delivered one at the Ipswich Arms, Cullum-street, and then saw the bale of thread safe in the cart—when I got to Wool Quay I found the tail board of the cart down, and the bale gone—I had heard an alarm of "Stop thief" when I was on Tower-hill, but had no thought that my cart was robbed—it was about six o'clock, or after—it was dark.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Which way did you come? A. Through Cullum-street and Tower-hill into Thames-street—I don't think the cart was one hundred yards from the Spur-gate at the Tower when the alarm was given—it was not out of a person's sight.





HENRY SINGER
. I am a policeman. On Saturday evening, the 15th of December, I was coming over Tower-hill about a quarter past six o'clock, and saw a cart with some packages coming from Tower-street—it turned down towards Thames-street—I saw two men following it—it was light enough for me to distinguish them—I took notice of them, and am quite positive the prisoner was one—I did not know him before—I suspected and watched them, and as they got under a lamp, I saw the prisoner, and the other man make a pull at a package behind the cart, but did not get it out—they made a second attempt, close against a gas lamp, took the package out, carried it about eight yards, to a coach rank, and placed it behind a coach—I immediately followed them, and they made their escape—I returned, and gave the bale in charge of the sentry at the Tower-gate—I then went towards Thames-street, and saw the prisoner coming along, running back in the same direction, as he had run away, breathing very hard, with his handkerchief to his mouth—I secured him, and said, "You are my prisoner," and asked where he came from—he said he had come from over the water—I took him up the hill, and gave him to another constable—I said, "You are the man that stole the bale"—he said he was innocent of it, he knew nothing about it—I had lost sight of him for about two minutes.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not what he said, "You are mistaken, I don't know what you mean?" A. Yes—he said, "I am not the man"—I was

about from eight to ten yards from the cart when I saw them under the gas lamp—I had my police dress on, but an undress great coat buttoned over it—I had no strap upon my arm.





ROBERT CHAPMAN
. I am in the Rifle Corps. At a quarter after six o'clock I was sentry at the gate of the Tower—I saw a cart come out of Tower-street, and two men following it—just as it came into Thames-street I saw them make a pull at the cart—I am perfectly certain the prisoner is one of them—they made two pulls at the bale before they got it—when they got it they planted it behind a hackney coach—Singer went up to them—they saw him, and ran away—the prisoner came running up close to me, and made a blow at me—I had my rifle in my hand, and held it out to stop the blow—I am certain he is the man, he ran so close to me 1 could not help seeing his face—there were two lamps near me—Singer afterwards brought the bale to me, and came back himself in about two minutes with the prisoner—I delivered the bale in the same state to him.

Cross-examined. Q. Which way was the man coming when he made the blow at you? A. Right down Tower-street, running into Thames-street—I had seen him take the bale out of the cart, but it was not my business to stop him—I could not leave sentry—I made no effort to stop him, but I suppose he thought I was going to stop him.

JURY. Q. Why not take him into custody when he struck at you? A. I could not leave my post—I defended myself by holding up my rifle, which was not loaded—the cart was coming towards me—the bale was taken out of the cart before it came to me, and I could see it very well.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
