



724. 




EDWARD SPENCER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
5th of February, at 
St. Pancras, 1 bag, value 2d.; 26 half-crowns, 126 shillings, 99 sixpences, and 26 fourpenny-pieces; the goods and monies of 




James Boroughs, in his dwelling-house.






JAMES BOROUGHS
. I keep a baker's shop in Chichester-place, in the parish of St. Pancras. On Sunday afternoon, the 4th of February, I reckoned up the money in my till, and it rather exceeded 12l.—it was in a bag—it consisted of half-crowns, shillings, sixpences, and fourpenny-pieces—on the following morning, about eleven o'clock, I saw the bag safe in the till—about three or four o'clock in the afternoon, I was sitting by the fire in the parlour, when my niece gave me information of a man being in the shop at the till—I ran into the shop as quickly as I could, and saw the prisoner standing close to the side of the counter—I went up to him—I did not exactly know what he had done, and said, "Well, young man, what do you want?"—he said, "A penny-loaf"—my niece saw I did not understand what she had said to me, and she said, in his presence, "Why, uncle, the man has got your bag of money, I saw him take it out of the till"—I said, "You said a penny-loaf, did you; but what have you been about with the till?"—he said, "Nothing"—I said, "You should not do so, you know it is very wrong"—my niece came behind him and locked the door—when he found he could not get away, he took from his person the bag of silver and placed it on the counter, between me and himself and the till—he then tried to get out at the door, but I got round the counter and secured him—I told my wife to step out for a policeman, who came and took him into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Have you any other Christian name but James? A. No, I have no partner—the prisoner produced the bag from his right hand, on the counter, between me and himself, when he found he could not get away—he had some chops in his other hand.






MARY ANN MEARS
. I am the prosecutor's niece. I was sitting in the parlour at work on the day in question—I came into the shop, and saw the prisoner reach over the counter, put his hand into the till, and take the bag of money out—he then shut the till, and placed the bag between his body and the counter—I made my uncle sensible of it, and then shut the door and locked it—he held the money in his hand while he asked my uncle for a penny-loaf—when he found the door was fastened, he came to the counter, and placed the bag on the counter.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you at first? A. At the end of the counter—he was between me and the door at first—I am quite sure I saw him take the bag out of the till—he was nearer to the door than I was—after he got the bag, I had to go by him to get to the door to lock it.

Prisoner. Q. Which hand did I reach across the counter with? A. Your right hand.

Prisoner. I am a cripple with my right arm, and wag not able to resell across. Witness. I verily believe he took it with his right hand, and I am quite sure I saw him put down the bag—I was standing in the parlour at first—there is a short curtain to the window.





EDWARD PARKER
. I am a policeman. I received the bag—it contained the money stated in the indictment.
(Property produced and sworn to.) 


GUILTY.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
