





OLD COURT, Saturday, February 22nd, 1834.
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
391. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SCOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, 1 watch, value 30s.; 2 seals, value 15s.; and 1 watch-key, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Walford
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
EDWARD WALFORD. I went into the King's Arms, in Whitechapel


, about ten minutes to ten o'clock on the evening of the 12th of January, with a male friend - I was quite sober - there were a number of men and women sitting in the parlour drinking - I ordered a pint of ale, and while I sat there a man came in and began to talk about fighting - I do not know who he was - he did not direct his conversation to me - I asked him what weight he was - he took no notice of what I said - my friend had occasion to leave the room, and the party I spoke to about his weight directly took and hit me across the table in the face - I defended myself as well as I could while sitting down; and the prisoner came up under pretence of protecting me - he acted as if he was assisting me - he stood before me, and said to the man, "Do not hit him" - I tried to get out of the room, and I felt the prisoner snatch the watch from my person - I am quite sure he is the man who snatched it - and he dropped it on the ground - I directly cried out,"Help," and the landlord came to me, and asked me what was the matter - I told him I had lost my watch; and some of the party wanted to get out of the room - the landlord said nobody should pass until the watch was found - then somebody in the room said, "When he came in he had no watch" - the prisoner was talking to some persons in the room - the landlord called for a light - there was a gas-light in the room - I had not seen the prisoner drop the watch - I did not tell the landlord it was on the ground - I felt the prisoner take it - he dropped it, but I believe it was picked up - the party standing round the door looked on the ground, and said, I had not looked for my watch - I looked then, but it was not on the ground - the landlord called for a light, and the policeman came in and took the candle and found the watch at the other end of the room, on the seat, out of the case - there might be twenty or thirty persons in the room - as soon as the policeman came into the room, I said, "That is the man who took my watch," and gave him in charge - I had not lost sight of him during the scuffle - he was still near me all the time - when the watch was found, I left him in custody of the policeman - (looking at the watch) this is my watch and seals.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. When did you first say the prisoner was the man who took it? A. I told the landlord I had lost the watch - I made no charge against the prisoner till the policeman came, because I felt myself in danger among so many strangers - I told the landlord I had lost my watch, but said nothing about the prisoner - I did not see him drop the watch, but I felt him drop it down by my feet; and he had snatched it from me - I did not see him snatch it, but felt him, and he was the only person within reach when it was taken from my person - he did not remain near me till the policeman came.
COURT. Q. Did you not say, "He was still near me?" A. He was not a distance from me - he was not so far from me as he is now - the room may be about sixteen feet long.
Cross-examined. Q. He was not further from you than he is now? A. No, not so far; I heard the watch fall, when it was first dropped - I was quite sober - it was not the first public-house I had been into that night - I had had one glass of ale - my friend Daniel M'Carthy was there, but he went out before it happened.
COURT. Q. Are you clear that is the man who took the watch? A. I am perfectly certain of it - I swear to him positively - when I charged him with it, he said nothing.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ARGENT
               



            . I am a policeman - I went into the King's Arms, being sent for by the landlord - I got inside, and the landlord and prosecutor stood at the door of the back parlour - the landlord said, in the prisoner's hearing, that a watch was lost, and he would not let anybody out till it was found - I went inside, and took the candle which one of the party had, and searched under the settle - the prosecutor did not charge anybody at that time - I went to thefurther end of the room, and found the watch lying on the settle, out of the case, which was within three or four inches - I put it into my pocket - I asked the prosecutor who was the person who stole the watch - he pointed immediately to the prisoner, and said he was the man - I told the prisoner he must go with me to the station-house - he refused at first, and denied it - I said, "Come to the station-house with me" - he said, "I shall not go with you," and the whole party in the room got up off their seats, men and women; and I attempted to take him through the door, and the party inside pushed me back to the table - the prisoner slipped from me into the bar, and escaped from me - they rescued him - I should think there were seven or eight characters that I knew - and there were a dozen of them all in a string helping him - I did not see him again till the 15th, at half-past ten o'clock - I had known him before - he was brought to the station-house, and I identified him.
Cross-examined. Q. Where were the prosecutor and landlord standing? A. Just outside the door, so that nobody could get out - the prosecutor was in no danger at all from the people in the room - he could have told the landlord then who took it - he did not tell me who took it till after it was found - I did not see that any of them were intoxicated - the prosecutor was quite sober.


                  EDWARD 
                  PITSON
               



            . I am a policeman - I heard of this, and found the prisoner at the Swan public-house, Bacon-street, Brick-lane, playing at cards, about half-past nine at night - I told him I wished to speak with him outside - he objected at first to come out - I then told him if he would not come out I should tell him before the company what I wanted him for - he then came out - I told him he was my prisoner - I brought him outside the door - my brother constable was there, in case I wanted assistance - we got him outside, and then the party inside came out - he then tried to get away - he struggled and got away, and ran to a court opposite which I knew was no throughfare - I called to my brother constable, we followed, and caught him without his getting out of sight - I told him if he did not go quietly I would handcuff him - he then asked what I wanted him for - I had told him I wanted him for a job in Whitechapel - I secured his hands and took him down Bacon-street - the mob followed us, and we were molested by stones being thrown at us - I brought him down and secured him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was not near the man at the time he lost his watch.


                  EDWARD 
                  WALFORD
               



             re-examined. I swear he was - and he is the man who took it.
JURY. Q. At the time you felt the watch fall, was there any other person within reach? A. Not at the time - I swear nobody could have taken it but him, from the position every one else was placed in.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
