






214. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SULLIVAN
                  





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of November

, 1 plane, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Young
                  



               
            .
MICHAEL COLLINS. I am a labouring man. I was at my dinner in a building in the Commercial-road



, and the prisoner came in there; I thought he was one of the carpenters, and told him to put some water in the glue-pot - he said, "It is not mine:" he then went up a step-ladder, and into another house - I sent a little girl after him; she told me where he was - I went and heard him up stairs in the next house: I went and told the watchman there was a strange man in the buildings - the watchman told me to go in front, and I went and saw the prisoner in the cellar, stooping, as if to pick up a two feet rule; he asked me if I knew a plasterer who worked there - we walked on, and talked together till we came to a public-house; I then took hold of him. unbuttoned his coat, and found this saw, this square, and this two feet rule.


                  JOHN 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I took the prisoner, and have the tools.


                  JOHN 
                  YOUNG
               



            . This plane was mine, and was on the building.


                  JAMES 
                  WALDIE
               



            . This is my rule - I was at work, and left it there; the prisoner did not work there, and had no right there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
215. JOHN SULLIVAN was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of November

, 1 saw, value 6s., and 1 square, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Simpson
                  



               
            .
JAMES SIMPSON. I worked on the building, and lost this saw and square.
MICHAEL COLLINS. I took the prisoner with this saw square, and the other tools.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There were two other indictments against the prisoner.
