



1060. 




JAMES SUTTON
 was indicted

 for feloniously being at large in this kingdom, in the parish of 
St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, before the expiration of the term of his natural life, for which he, having been convicted of felony, had been ordered to be transported.



MR. ADOLPHUS
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES HANLEY
. I am an officer. I produce a certificate of the conviction of James Sutton, which I got from Mr. Clark's office, and saw him sign it—(read)—I was a witness against Sutton in April 1824—I believe the prisoner to be the same man—I apprehended him, in company with Brown, another officer—he looks, I think, twenty years older—bat I believe him to be the man.





THOMAS ELLIS
. I am a policeman. On Tuesday, the 28th of March, I was in Bethnal-green-road, and saw the prisoner coming by the church, towards the Salmon and Ball public-house—he was by himself, at large and at liberty—a little before I came to him I received information, in consequence of which I came in contact with him against the Salmon and Ball, and asked if he was not an escaped convict?—he replied that he was—I then took him to the station-house—he was intoxicated—he was walking by himself, unsupported by any one—he appeared to know what was said to him, and what his answers were—I have no doubt of that whatever—I did not hold out any promise or threat to him.





ROBERT HARWOOD VALENTINE
 (police-Inspector K.) I was at Bethnal-green station-house, on Tuesday, the 28th of March, when the prisoner was brought there. I did not make him any promise or threat—I asked him if it was true that he had returned from transportation—he said, "Yes; about fourteeu years ago I committed a burglary, for which I was tried at the Old Bailey, and transported for life; about four years since I effected my escape, by slowing myself away in the hold of a ship, and I have been in England about four months"—I made him no answer, but that the door of the cell, and left him—he was drunk—I have not the least doubt that he knew what I said to him, and what answers he gave—before the Magistrate he admitted the conversation with me, but denied that it was true.





JAMES BROWN
. I am a constable of Worship-street. In 1824, I aslisted Hanley in apprehending Sutton—I was present at his trial here—he was convicted of burglary—I have every reason to believe the prisoner it the man—I have not a doubt of it—the more I see of him the more I am convinced he is the man—I have no doubt of him whatever.

Prisoner. He told the Magistrate he could not swear to me. Witness. I said I had no doubt in my mind of him, but seeing him again, I am more confident than I was before—I did not swear positively to him before the Magistrate—I said if there was a doubt I would give it to the prisoner, and I would not swear positively to him.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—



Confined Three Months, and then 


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Coleridge.

