





2230. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLIFFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of September
, 1 milk-pot, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Brook
                        




                     
                  , and another
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  SANTY
               



            . I am shopman to Messrs. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Brook
               



             and Son, silversmith
s, of the Poultry


. On Thursday evening, the 20th of September, about seven o'clock, the prisoner came into the shop, and asked for a silver milkpot; he asked the price, and weight, which I told him - he took it up, and went out of the shop with it - I followed him to the door, and missed him - not knowing which way he was gone, I could not follow him; he was apprehended on the 22nd of September, on a similar charge - he took it quite openly.
Q. Did he run, or walk away? A, He was a very short distance from the door - he went out quick - I cannot say he ran; I had some distance to get round, the flap of the counter being down; I saw him again at Bow-street on the 26th or 27th.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me run, or walk out of the shop? A. The distance was so short, you could hardly make a run of it; you were hardly three steps from the door - you went out quicker than you came in.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH ALLEN
               



             (Police-constable F 76.) On the 27th of September the prisoner was given into my custody, on another charge, on which he has been acquitted to-day, in the other Court - he said what he had to state should be before the Magistrate; I found this silver milk-pot on his person. (See page 927.)
Prisoner. Q. Did you look after me, or did I give myself into your custody? A. Neither; you were given to me by Mr. Mott's foreman, who had you by the collar; we took you into a shop, while he told me the nature of the charge; I took you into another of Mr. Mott's shops; he has two - Mott's man had you by the collar, and you had the milk-pot in your hand - it was from what you said that I found Mr. Brook's out; I do not consider that you gave yourself into my custody.


                  ROBERT 
                  SANTY
               



            . This is Mr. Brook's milk-pot.
Prisoner. Q. Is it in the same state as when you gave it to me? A. Yes; I see no alteration - here is our private mark on it now; nothing has been done to disguise it - the officer brought it to our shop.
Prisoner's Defence. I most respectfully inform the Court I am not in a situation to proceed further in this trial: the officers of justice, by whom I have been confined, have pursued a course which renders it impossible for me to defend myself, and I am solely, from the course pursued by the said officers, completely and entirely at the mercy, and in the power of the prosecutor, who is comparatively a rich man, and his witness, the Policeman, who is entitled to receive more wages than his pay for my conviction; I am thus left at the mercy of persons interested in finding me guilty; under these circumstances, I claim the interposition and authority of the Court to afford me a just and reasonable opportunity of defending myself from the charge: the Policeman, as soon as I gave myself into his custody, (with an intention of going before the Magistrate to explain that I was possessed of the milk-pot, and another which I took from Mott's, and for stealing which I have been acquitted, I intended to explain my conduct there; but) instead of taking me to the Magistrate, he took me to the station, where every article was taken from me, among which were the very proofs and facts I had prepared to defend myself against the charge.

J. S. ALLEN
            . Mr. Minshull ordered me to bring to him what I took from the prisoner, and I believe they are in his hands now; it was pamphlets relating to the criminal law, with some papers.
Prisoner. There were several manuscripts and receipts, and various articles of which I have no account; he took even the key of my trunk; and it is the practice of Policemen to go to prisoners' dwellings, and take what they think may convict them; I do not know the injury I may sustain from this man, who I gave myself into the hands of; the fact is, he has committed a robbery instead of me, for he took my property; I have been locked up a month, in consequence of which the newspapers are exposing me all through the world; I am a teacher by profession; I am known in Scotland and all parts; the papers have exposed me as having done an act - whereas my sole reason was to expose the cause of crime, with an intention of bringing the matter directly before this Court, and throughthem before the Government, in order that crimes so heinous may be stopped. I wish to inform the Court I am clear myself of any intention of taking the cup with any other view than to expose a publication which I have brought out for the benefit of society; I went to Mr. Brooks', thinking the man would follow me into the street, and take me into custody, and I said I should explain to the Lord Mayor why I did it; I can bring evidence before the Court, if means are afforded me to subpoena my witnesses, that I used every other means in my power to bring the work before the public, but not having the means of publication, I took these means. I was aware I was breaking the law, but I had rather suffer punishment myself to benefit society.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EYLES
               



            . I am an upholsterer, and live in High Holborn. I believe the prisoner to be a worthy good man - he was a schoolmaster, but has been unsuccessful -I firmly believe the situation he has placed himself in was merely for the sake of experiment, he is so excited with regard to the laws - on the subject of any thing connected with our laws and politics he is exceedingly warm; and considers that his publication will produce general good; a more honourable man I believe does not exist.
- FEDDON. I am a schoolmaster, and live in Stanhope-street. I have had the pleasure of the prisoner's acquaintance for twenty years; he would scorn the idea of a mean action - he got his living respectably as a teacher; I do not know whether he had a place on the day in question; he had a home - I do not believe him to be in want.


                  HANNAH 
                  CROSS
               



            . I am a widow. I have known the prisoner fourteen years; I believe him to be an upright man - he was French teacher to my children; he attended my child that very day - I gave him 1s. a lesson, with his dinner and tea.


                  EDWARD 
                  BAKER
               



            . I live in Colebrook-street, and have known the prisoner three years; he was enthusiastic on the question of public good, more especially on criminal law; I have read his pamphlet - a more honourable man I do not know; his pamplets were for sale, and for public circulation.
After the Learned Common Sergeant had recapitulated the evidence to the Jury, the prisoner added:
Prisoner. I ought to have said I held the property from Thursday evening to Saturday, waiting to see if it was advertised; when I walked out of the shop, I stood at a distance to see if the man would follow me, but nobody did, and I was so astonished I thought it was really a dream; I went home, and looked at the paper two days, but it was not advertised - I said, "I will take this with me, and go and commit another act to-day, at twelve o'clock at noon - it is impossible that they will take me into custody, and by this means the man I have taken this from will have his property;" if it had been advertised, I would have gone before the Lord Mayor, and acknowledged myself the man who took it; I have ruined my character, no doubt, by the act, but it is plain I did not intend to deprive him of his property, as I did not dispose of it - I explained this to the Magistrate, and he was perfectly satisfied I did not intend to steal it.
GUILTY. Aged 45.




               Recommended to Mercy
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
