



561. 




HENRY JACKSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
7th January, 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; and 2 coats, value 4l., the goods of 



Henry Sibert, from the person of 



David Eldred Sharp.

[The prisoner being called upon to plead stood mute, and the Court ordered a plea of Not Guilty to be recorded.]





DAVID ELDRED SHARP
. I live at Mr. Henry Sibert's, in Fleet-strtet On the 7th of January, the prisoner came to hit shop between six and seven o'clock in the evening—he was a stranger—he asked if we had a Taglioni coat—I showed him a pilot coat—he tried it on—it fitted him very well—I then rang the foreman down—the prisoner asked him for another coat—he tried on a blue frock coat, which also fitted him—he then asked for 3 pair of trowsers, which he tried on—they also fitted—he then asked the price of them all—the foreman told him, and he bated him down to six guineas—he then said he had not sufficient money, and asked the foreman to send the lad, meaning me, to No. 63, Brewer-street, Golden-square, and he would pay me when I got there—the foreman told me not to let him have the clothes till I had the money in the other hand—I went out with the prisoner and the clothes, till we got to Smith's-buildings, near to Brewer-street—we went into a court, and when we got to a door there, the prisoner said, "Give me the parcel and I will bring you the money"—the took the parcel from me, pushed the door open, bolted it on the other side, and left me outside before I could recover myself—that door leads into Brewer-street—I saw the prisoner again on the 18th of January in Chancery-lane, and gave him in charge to a policeman—the prisoner said

"You must be mistaken," and he ran away en to the carper of the old Bailey—he ran in the door pf a gin shop at the corner, and out at the other door—he told the policeman who stopped him that he wished he had kicked his guts out—he appeared quite in his senses when he was at our shop, and asked for, a card of the shop in case he wanted any more things—I am sure he is the person.





JOHN HUGHES
. I am foreman to the prosecutor. The prisoner is the person who came to his shop—when I came down he had a blue frock coat, and then he asked me for a pair of drab trowsers—I said we had black stripes—he said that would do, and he had a pair—he teal said if I would send any one with him he would send the money back—I told the boy not to part with the clothes till he got the money—I have never seen the things since—the prisoner had no appearance of a man whose mind was wrong—he bated us down 3s. or 4s., and, agreed to give six guineas for the things.





WILLIAM DEVONSHIRE
 (City police-constable No. 95.) At a quarter before two o'clock, on the 18th of January, the prisoner came running up the Old Bailey, and the boy after him—I stopped the prisoner—he said fee wished he had kicked my guts out—he said, "I know what you can do, you can only lag me"—he used very bad language to our inspector, and talked very well at Guildhail.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.
