



1071. 




SAMUEL SWAIN
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving, of a certain evil-disposed person, 3 lasts, value 9d.; and 1 pair of slippers, value the goods of 



George Sergeant, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


GEORGE SERGEANT. I am a shoemaker. On the 22nd of January any place was robbed—I was ill at the time—next day I went to the prisoner, who is a marine-store dealer, in Golden-lane, which is the neat street to me—I said, "Mr. Swain, have you bought any boots, shoes, or lasts?"—he said he had not, nor any boot or shoemaker's tools—I said, "If you will give them up, I will pay you what you have for them"—be said he had not bought any—I went there again, and found he had removed to Cloth-fair—I went there, and saw three my lasts outside his door—I said to him, "These are mine, How came me you possessed of them?"—he said, "I bought them"—I said, "Who of?"—he said, "I have not been a marine-store dealer to many years, but I know what trade is; you want to do me out of them, as a man did of an ink-and"—I told him to put them in on his shelf, and I would give him 4d. for them—I went away, and brought an officer back with me—I was not away above ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, and he then said he had sold them—I said, "What made you sell them, when I said I would come for them?"—he said he had sold them for 8rf.—the officer searched his place, and and one of the lasts which he said he had sold, concealed in a drawer at the back of the table, with two others belonging to me, and a pair of slippers belonging to my sister—we found one in the afternoon, and the other when we went back after he was in custody—when he was in the station-house he said, "If you will drop the charge, I will give you your property"—I said, "If you will, I will let you go," and I let him go on his saying he would appear at Guildhall next day, but he did not come—he met me in the Old Hailey the other day, and he sneered at me and said, "Have you drawn any bill against me?"
Prisoner. Q. Where did you go after you came to me? A. To my father's, and then to the watch-house—Mr. Martin, the inspector, said to me "you have let the bird fly, and you want me to shoot it"—when I me back you said you had sold the property, and your wife said to me, "You false-swearing vagabond, I bought that among a set of bones."





CHARLES BURGESS
. I am a policeman. I went with the prosecutor, by desire of the inspector, and requested the three lasts—I told the prisoner

he had done very wrong by making away with them—I found these two lasts on a shelf behind the counter—I then took him to the watch-house and went back again about half an hour afterwards—I then found this other last in a table-drawer, with a quantity of things—the prosecutor said it it was one of the three that had been exposed for sale.

GEORGE SERGEANT
re-examined. These are my things—one of the lasts is one I had seen offered for sale, and which I offered him the fourpence for—the slippers belong to my sister—the prisoner's wife said they had bought them among a lot of bones—he was present when she said so, and I said to him, "Mr. Swain, if you will come home with me, and try the shoe on my sister, you will see it will fit"—he showed it to my father, and asked him if he knew it, and he said, "It is my girl's shoe"—she was just coming from school at the time—it was tried on, and it fitted her.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear to those lasts? A. I can, to every one—I have a mark on them, and I have worked on them upwards of sixteen-months.

Prisoner's Defence, (written.) On the evening of the 13th of February a person came to my shop, and offered sundry shoemaker's lasts for sale-being a shoemaker by trade, I purchased them for my own use—a day or two afterwards the prosecutor came to my shop and asked if such articles had been offered for sale—my wife said, not to her knowledge, not knowing I had purchased them—I was then about opening another shop in the game line, in King-street, Cloth-fair, where the prosecutor saw the three lasts among others which I had in use for my own business as a shoemaker—he then asked the price of them, and I told him, "Fourpence"—he said they were his property, but he would fetch the money and buy them of me—I took them out of the window, considering they were sold to him and placed them in a drawer—he brought an officer, and had me locked up—they then went and searched my shop, and found the lasts in the drawers and one pair of old shoes, which he claimed—I was liberated at the watch house on my own promise to settle the business with the prosecutor, at his house, on the following morning—I went to him, and he told me to append at Guildhall the following morning, before the Alderman—I went, and was held to bail, and I now come voluntarily before you.




GUILTY
. †Aged 53.—


Transported for Seven Years.
