



1328. 




MARIA PLACEY
. was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of May, 1 watch, value 50s.; 2 watch-keys, value 6d.; and 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d.; the goods of 




John Andrews.






JOHN ANDREWS
. I was a sailor, I have been in London three weeks—I went to sleep at a lodging-house in Wentworth-street—the prisoner was brought to em there—I offered her 2s. to sleep with me, and she would not take it—I told her if she did not want to stay, to go out—I had asked the landlord to get me a girl to sleep with me, and I paid for the bed to sleep there—one of the policemen showed me the house where I could get a lodging—the prisoner asked me for half-a-crown—I offered her 1s. 6d., and at last I agreed to give her 2s—she said she would not stop—she had put her bonnet down under the bedstead—I stopped down to get that, and she took my watch, which I had put under the pillow when I went into the room.

Prisoner. I would not stop, and he took my bonnet and shawl off; he said I must stop. Witness I said, if she would not stop she might of as soon as she liked, and so she stopped down and got her shawl—I got her bonnet from under the bedstead, and at that same time she took my watch—I saw her go to the head of the bed, but I never thought she would do such a thing as to take my watch from under the pillow.





JAMES STRACEY
, (police-constable H 132) I received information from a man named Holbrook, and found the prisoner in Houndsditch, with another woman—I asked the prisoner for the watchshe said she knew nothing of it—I them asked the other woman—she said she knew nothing of it—I then asked Holbrook, and after a while he gave it me; and

said her had it from the prisoner—Holbrook lives on my heat, but he is now at Chelmsford, on a charge of house-breaking.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. He had had a girl there before me—I went by the house with a girl that was with me—Sheen told me there was a man wanted me—I said I did not want to go there—he forced me in, and there was this man—he said he had had a gild there who had robbed him of half-a-crown or 2s.—he said be would give me 1s. 6d. to sleep with him—I said I would not do any thing of the kind—he took off my bonnet—it fell off the bed—he took it up and went away—I met Holbrook in Houndsditch, that night.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.
