





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Vaughan
               



            .
735. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PEARSON
                  




               
             was indicted for that he, having in his possession, a certain bill of exchange, as follows; viz: -
London, 28th March, 1833.
Three weeks after date, pay to my order the sum of 30l.

W. PEARSON
            .
To Mr. Mark Cadbury, Cheesemonger, Conduit-street, Bond-street.




               feloniously did forge an acceptance to the said bil
             with intent to defraud 
               
                  Robert 
                  Graham
               




            .
TWO OTHER COUNTS verying the manner of laying the charge.


                  ROBERT 
                  GRAHAM
               



            . I have known the prisoner about two years - he used to buy colour of me. On the 29th of March, he applied to me, saying he was doing work for Mr. Cadbury a cheesemonger of Conduit-street, repairing some houses; he said he had got a bill of a short date of three weeks, and he should want 10l. out in money, and the rest he was to take out in goods; he asked if I knew Cadbury - I said No, but I knew there was a cheesemonger there, and at all events I would take the bill and make inquiry; and as it was not endorsed, I took a copy of the bill, and returned it to him; I went and saw Mr. Cadbury - I saw the prisoner on Saturday morning - I did not advance him any money on the bill.
MARK CADBURY. I live at No. 24, New Bond-street, at the corner of Conduit-street. The prisoner has transacted business for me as carpenter, painter, and glazier; I never authorized him to accept any bill of exchange for me.
JOHN TRUEMAN. I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on Saturday week, about half-past nine o'clock in the morning - I searched him, and found a bill on him, which I produce; I took him to the watch-house, and there took out of his pocket two other bills; I told him he was charged by Mr. Cadbury and Mr. Graham with forging a bill; he began to pull papers and things out of his pocket, and this bill was in one of the pocket-books; Cadbury and Graham came up directly - this was in St. Ann's watch-house - the bill was produced; Cadbury said to the prisoner"William, this is not your writing;" he said "It is," and I think he said by G-d; nothing farther passed; Cadbury alluded to the acceptance only.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you the person who said to the prisoner "Come along, I will give you a lift if it is in my power?" A. I never said so to him; Cadbury and Graham were within hearing when he said it was his own writing - it was about a hundred yards from Graham's house; I had received information from Cadbury in the street; he said he wanted me to take a man into custody, and I took him.
MARK CADBURY. (Looking at the bill) This is not my writing - I never gave the prisoner authority to put my name to it at all; I appointed to meet Mr. Graham; I met the Policeman, told him what I wanted him for, and went with him to the station-house; when I saw the bill, I knew it was his hand-writing, but I said,"Pearson, this is not your hand-writing," (pointing to my acceptance), he said it was.
Cross-examined. Q. Mr. Graham called on you about the business before you gave orders to the officer? A. Yes, I understood the prisoner was coming to 
               Graham
             that morning, and had the officer ready - the bill is not endorsed.
MR. GRAHAM. This is the bill the prisoner presented to me, on which I was to advance him 10l. on the Saturday morning - I should have done it if I had not seen Mr. Cadbury.

Cross-examined. Q. You never agreed to take it? A I was to be satisfied by my inquiries first - if I had taken it the drawer must have endorsed it.
MR. CADBURY. There is an account between me and the prisoner - he now owes me a considerable sum.
Prisoner's Defence. My solicitor heard the Policeman say he never said I had said I forged the acceptance.
Four witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
