





699. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HART
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of April
, at Saint Botolph without, Bishopsgate, 9 glazed window sashes, value 11l. 9s.; 4 wooden shutters, value 2l. 14s.; 20 iron sash weights, value 2l. 10s.; 19 wooden doors, value 19l.; 10 iron locks, value 2l. 10s.; 1 glazed and pannelled partition, value 2l.; 8 wooden shelves, value 24s.; 1 wooden dresser and shelves, value 3l.; 54lbs. of leaden pipe, value 2l. 10s., and 1 brass cock, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Collins
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building of his; and 1 butt, value 15s., his property
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  COLLINS
               



            , ESQ
. I am a solicitor
, and live in Spital-square, and am owner of some premises in Sun-street. St. Botolph without, Bishopsgate


; No. 77 is one of those houses. In November last, the prisoner applied to become a tenant of that house; he said he was a blacking-maker
, and having a tenant of that trade, I objected, but he said he wanted to carry on the wholesale blacking trade, and possession was given to him on the 5th of November; from November till April I received no rent; I did not send for the half quarter; in consequence of information, (and having passed the house repeatedly, and noticing there were no goods in the shop, nor any business carrying on) immediately after Lady-day I gave Mr. Joel authority to distrain; I sent Bostock and Millist to the house last Saturday night; they sent for an officer and took the prisoner in charge; when he took possession of the house, I believe it was in every respect quite perfect; I had not been into it, but every thing that could be seen externally was perfect.


                  THOMAS 
                  MILLIST
               



            . On the 5th of November I was in Mr. Collins' employ as messenger. I gave the prisoner possession of the house, No. 77, Sun-street; the glazed window sashes, sliding shutters, lead weights, doors, locks, keys, the glazed and pannelled partition, cupboard doors, shelves, and every thing named in the indictment was safe; there were about twenty-four feet of service pipe fixed to the premises; in consequence of information, I went to the house last Saturday evening with Joel, and found the prisoner there; the articles enumerated were all gone; the partition appeared entirely torn down; I caused the prisoner to be taken into custody; he said if we would wait till Monday, he would replace the things he had taken away, mentioning the sashes particularly; there was nothing left inside the house, or outside, but the bare walls; I had been in the shop once while he was in possession - there was no appearance of business.
Prisoner. I never said I would bring the things back on Monday. Witness. I am confident he said so; I am quite sure I heard him say so.


                  JOEL 
                  COLEMAN JOEL
               



            . I am a broker, and live in Long-alley. I made frequent application for admission to distrain for rent since the 2nd of April; on Saturday, Millist came, and said the door was open, as they were shutting up shop - I went there; the prisoner was there, and another person, shutting up - I found no property to distrain on; some of the windows were left, but nine had been removed - the articles stated in the indictment were deficient; I called Bostock's attention to the circumstance, and sent for Sapwell, the officer - I said to the prisoner"Do you know what you have been doing? you know you can be indicted for felony;" he said, "If you will let it stand over till Monday I will have them replaced, or brought back;" every door in the house, except one, was taken away - I gave him in charge.
Prisoner. He asked if I would replace the doors; I said of course, when I left I should leave the house in the same situation as I found it. Witness. The expression was if I would let the case stand over till Monday he would have them replaced, or brought back on Monday morning: the value of all the articles removed is 52l. 13s. 6d. as fixtures - it would cost 80l. to replace them.


                  JAMES 
                  BOSTOCK
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Collins, and accompanied Millist to the house - his statement is correct; the prisoner told me if I would not give him in charge but let it stand over till Monday, he would have the fixtures brought back; there was nothing but an old chair in the shop - the house did not appear to have been occupied for months.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for on Saturday, and took the prisoner to the Compter; I asked if he could account for any thing - he then said a person named Bell had been living with him, as porter; I asked if he thought he had done it - he said he could not say; he afterwards said he had not had 5s. worth of property there himself while he had been there; I found a quantity of bottles and boxes in the shop, labelled, but nothing in them, and there was a kind of rug under the counter, where he had apparently laid; I found this direction in his pocket, "Hart's Paragon Blacking, No. 6, Devonport-buildings, Dover-road," with directions for use - I went there, and found he had lived there before he went to this house; there was no appearance of business at the house in Sun-street - he said he expected a large order, but had not got it yet; I saw Bell - he promissed to come forward, but did not.


                  ELIZA 
                  LINFORD
               



            . My husband is a watchman. I lodged opposite to the prisoner in Sun-street; I remember his taking possession of Mr. Collin's house - I bardly ever saw him go up stairs, till the Thursday before Good Friday - I then saw him go up, and take the beading off the staircase window, and fear the window out, but the shutter was put too, and I could see no more.
Prisoner. Q. Was it me you saw, or any body else? A. You: you had a light coloured hat on - I told my husband of it; we looked, and saw the lower window was out too.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PEGINGTON
               



            . I am a broker, and live in Long-alley. I know Bell, but never saw the prisoner till he was in custody; I bought some partition wainscoting, with glass at the top of it, of Bell, at No. 77, Sun-street; I gave him 10s. for it - I suppose it was three months ago; I have his receipt for it, but it is not dated - I have the partition at home now; I cannot say it belonged to the house - some of it was down, and some up, when I bought it; I saw it in the bottom parlour - it was certainly fixed to the house before I bought it.


                  GEORGE 
                  WYNN
               



            . I am an undertaker. I was working for Mr. Tagg, in Sun-street, nearly opposite No. 77, on Thursday last, and saw the prisoner at the house, with a person in black, who has always been there, with Hart - they were in the shop; I was going out to tea - the man came out with something under his arm - Hart seemed to tell him to go back a little, and as I returned from tea I met the same person with the things under his arm; they were sash weights, in a bag - Hart was in the house at the time; I saw the man return afterwards with the bag empty - I saw some wainscoting taken out once, and several times saw things go out in baskets; the prisoner has been on the premises several times, when things have gone out - I never saw any furniture there, or business going on.
Prisoner's Defence. I took this house at the halfquarter for the purpose of opening it in the blacking line, having been promised several orders; I did not succeed in doing any thing - I was in daily expectation of doing something, till within a month of Lady-day, when Mr. Collins' clerk called for the rent; I said I dare say in about six weeks I should be able to settle it - he called about a week after Lady-day; I said if he would draw a bill I should be able to honor it. and next day he served me with a copy of a writ: last Saturday the broker and Mr. Collins' clerks came to seize - I said I was not aware these things were gone, but as I had taken the house I should leave it as I had found it; he said if the things were not returned by Monday Mr. Collins would give me in charge for felony - I said I would return them, but did not say by Monday; I did not sleep in the house, but at my sister's - a man used to open and shut the shop, whether he took the things. I cannot say, but he told the officer he would appear on Monday, but did not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
