






1321. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PERKINS
               





             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TREGONIN
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering a building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John Leach 
                           Panter
                        




                     
                  , on the 9th of May
, at Finchley


, and stealing therein 1 leg of mutton, value 4s.; 14 lbs. weight of beef, value 5s.; 1 tongue, value 2s.; 5 lbs, weight of veal, value 3s.; 1th. weight of bacon, value 6d.; 3 lbs. weight of cheese, value 1s. 6d., and 3 loaves of bread, value 1s., his property
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ASSA
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Leach Panter
               



             - he lives at Finchley. On the night of the 9th of May the dairy was broken open; I had seen it locked up at ten o'clock the night before; it was in the yard, but did not join the house; it was enclosed - I went there at a quarter before six in the morning; I found the door had been burst open, and the lock broken - I missed all the articles stated, which the officer afterwards produced - I do not know the prisoners.


                  ALFRED 
                  HARRIS
               



             (Police-constable N 100). I was on duty on the morning of the 9th of May; I saw the two prisoners rather more than five miles from the prosecutor's - they were coming towards London, walking by a haycart; I did not know them, but in consequence of whatthe driver of the cart said, I felt it my duty to take them, and on the top of the hay I found this property.


                  ARCHER 
                  LEE
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was with Harris - what he states is correct.
JOSEPH WALLIS. I am servant to Mr. Roberts, a farmer, at South Mimms. I was coming to town with the bay-cart, and saw the prisoners coming up the Archway-road, about four miles from Finchley; they said, "Will you let us hand our basket behind your cart;" I said,"You may put it on the top, if you like," and they did so- I told the officer; I had seen them before - the basket contained this property.
Tregonin. I did not ask about putting it up. Witness. Yes, you both did.
ELIZABETH ASSA. This is the tongue; it is my master's, and so was the other property.
Perkins' Defence. I have been brought up respectably, but have met with great difficulties - Tregonin knows nothing about it, if I die for saying it.
Tregonin's Defence. I went out bird's-nesting, and saw this man, who asked me to carry a basket for him; we overtook this man with the hay-cart, and he asked him to let us put it behind.
PERKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.
TREGONIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Life
            .
