




1895. 




WILLIAM HENRY WALKER
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of May, 1 shirt, value 4s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; and 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 




George Dodd, from the person of 



Thomas Henry Fowle: and 




ELIZABETH LANNING



, for feloniously receiving 1 handkerchief, value 9d., part of the same, knowing it to be stolen.






ANN AMELIA FOWLE
. On Sunday, the 12th of May, I saw my mother give my little brother a parcel—it contained a fine linen shirt, two silk handkerchiefs, and a pair of stockings—she told him to take them to George Dodds, at the Olive Branch, in Gray's Inn-road—shortly after the little boy came back, complaining of something—the prisoners were in custody on another charge—I saw them both in the waiting-room, and Lanning had the silk handkerchief round her neck, which had been outside of the bundle that my brother had—it was taken from her neck, in my presence, by the officer.





THOMAS HENRY FOWLE
. I am six years old—I go to school sometimes, and can say the Lord's Prayer. I was carrying the bundle, which contained a fine linen shirt, a pair of stockings, and two handkerchiefs—the prisoner took it from me in Judd-street—there was no one with him.

Walker. Q. What did I say to you? A. You said you would give me a penny if I would go over to the public-house—I know it was you by the mark on your face.





GEORGE DODD
. I am waiter at the Olive Branch public-house. I sent this handkerchief to Mrs. Fowler, to be washed with other things—it ought to have come home on the 12th of May.

Walker. Q. Can you swear to that handkerchief? A. Yes, by the holes in the corners of it and in the middle—there may be others of the same pattern—I have had it nearly two years.





ANN AMELIA FOWLE

re-examined. I can swear this is the handkerchief—I washed and ironed it that week.

Walker. Q. Did the boy give you a description of me when he came home? A. Yes, by the mark on your face—he said you snatched the things from him.

Walker's Defence. I am innocent—if I had stolen it, I should not have kept it about my person—I had it round my neck, and I put another round my neck—the officer said, "You don't want two handkerchiefs"—I took it off and gave it to this woman—I had it two years and a half.

WALKER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten years.

LANNING—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner Walker.)


Fifth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

