





49. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     COOK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of October
, 1 shawl, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Clark
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  CLARK
               



            . I lived in King-street, Soho. On the 29th of October, about four o'clock in the morning, I was in Grafton-street


 - the prisoner came, took the shawl off my shoulder, and ran away; I had been out for two or three hours, and was going home - I described her person and dress to the officer; I had no conversation with her.
Prisoner. Q. Were you not drunk, and laying at a doorway? A. No, I was walking.


                  ROBERT 
                  CULLEY
               



             (Police-constable C 95.) The proscutrix described the prisoner to me, and told me she had been robbed of her shawl - she was sober when she told me of it; she described the prisoner - I knew I had seen her about an hour before; and I had seen the prosecutrix with the shawl on her shoulders about that time - I took the prisoner in Moor-street, about a quarter-past four o'clock the same morning, with this shawl on; she said it was her own, and she had bought it at a shop in Greek-street three weeks before.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. It is my own, and my landlady was with me when I bought it - the prosecutrix was drunk, and the officer removed her from several places.


                  ROBERT 
                  CULLEY
               



            . The prisoner had no shawl when I saw her about an hour before, but the prosecutrix had one which appeared like this; I saw the prosecutrix sitting at a door in Moor-street, and told her to go home, and the prisoner passed by at the time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
