





1794. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WILSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of August
, 1 box, value 2s.; 3 shirts, value 20s.; 3 pair of shoes, value 20s.; 1 coat, value 30s.; 1 jacket, value 10s., and 1 waistcoat, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James Lock 
                  Cartwright
               




            .
JAMES LOCK CARTWRIGHT. I am a cabriolet-proooprietor
. The box containing the articles stated was sent by me, on the 5th of August, directed to my son, Master Cartwright, Burlington-house, Fulham; I delivered it to my servant, 
               
                  John 
                  Allenten
               



            .
JOHN ALLENTEN. I am servant to Mr. Cartwright - he gave me the box; I took it to the Crown and Horse Shoe, Holborn-hill, delivered it to Stainton, and paid 2d. booking.
Prisoner. Q. What was the direction on the box? A. I do not know; I can neither write nor read - I did not rest in the street, nor leave the box a minute, till I delivered it at the booking-office; they made no remark about the booking.


                  MARY 
                  STAINTON
               



            . I keep the books at the Crown and Horse Shoe. I received the parcel, and 2d. booking; I said to my aunt, "There is a box to go to Fulham," I did not see it afterwards - I believe I received the 2d., but I did not book it - I believe it was forwarded to Fulham as intended; my aunt booked it - I did not look at the direction.


                  MARY 
                  KEATLEY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Keatley
               



            . I was up stairs dressing; when I came down my niece said, "There is a box for Fulham," and I booked it - my husband was ill in bed at the time; I remember it was directed to "Master Cartwright, North-end, Fulham," not to Burlington-house - that I can swear to; after booking it I gave it to the Hammersmith carrier, as the Fulham carrier did not call, and knowing they were both in one neighbourhood; I should think it could make no difference whether Burlington-house was on it or not - I read the direction twice over to the carrier, who told me he could leave it next morning, which was Sunday, but not that night.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEST
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Barnett, the Hammersmith carrier. I remember the box being delivered to me, directed to Master Cartwright; I took it to Northend, but could not find the owner - I then took it to Mr. Donaldson's shop, and left it there all night; next morning I saw the prisoner inquiring for Mrs. Barnett's stable- I did not know him before, but I told him I was her servant - he then asked me if I had a box directed to Master Cartwright, to be left at North-end, Fulham; he said it ought to have been directed to be left at the Red Lion, near North-end, Fulham - that he had been to the person who sent it; that he told him he sent it to the booking-office on the Friday, that he had been to the booking-office, and they told him Mrs. Barnett's cart had it; I came with him to the lane close to our yard, where he saw another man waiting for him, and he told him he had found it; I then went to the shop where I had left it, took it out, and walked with them towards North-end; they asked me what the carriage was - I said 1s.; they said, as I had had so much trouble and running about, they would give me another 1s. - the other man gave the prisoner 1s., and the prisoner gave me 2s., and they took away the box, which has never been found; when they were gone I began to think that all was not right - I ran after them, and said that I would rather go with them and deliver it myself; they said I need not do that, as there were two of them, and they had been sent for it - we went on as far as the Three Kings; we there had a pint of ale, and I went away - on the Saturday after we heard that it was lost, and on the Tuesday after I saw the prisoner and the other man, walking in Holborn; I jumped out of my cart, got a woman to mind it, and followed them from Grays' Inn-lane, to Chancery-lane, with an intention of finding an officer, but I did not see one; I then went up to them, and said,"A pretty row you have got me into about this box:" the prisoner said, "There is a row if you will go along with me, I'll put it all right" - he called the other man Jack or John, and said "Here's the man about this box;" the prisoner said to me "Can you go with me to Harry's?" I said I could not, but I saw my mistress in another cart; I asked him to go and speak to her, which he did; she asked him to go to the booking-office and make it all right there - he said he would, and he went on till he came to a court; he ran down there into a house; I ran after him, collared him and pulled him back - I am sure he is the man; his companion had gone off.
Prisoner. Q. Why did not you take us both? A. I could not; I do not think the other staid five minutes -I followed you up Holborn, and you were looking into a shop; if I had seen an officer I would have given charge of you both - you told my mistress the box was all right.


                  MARGARET 
                  BARNETT
               



            . I am the carrier, and West is my servant. He pointed the prisoner out to me, and said, in his presence, "This is the man that had the box;" the prisoner said he would go back to the booking-office, it was owing to a wrong direction - when he came to a court he ran away; I called Stop thief! and he was secured.


                  JAMES 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner; he said he lived, at No. 3, Russel-court, Drury-lane; I have made inquiries and he does not.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not find I had lodged at a barber's shop there? A. Yes, at No. 28, not No. 3.
Prisoner's Defence. I consider it is a concerted plan, between the carrier and her man; I can assure you, however clear their evidence is against me, that I was not at Hammersmith at that time; I was not out of town till eleven o'clock that day, when I was at the Elephant and Castle; I took my breakfast in Drury-lane at nine o'clock: it is very clear some person changed the direction, and it is an astonishing thing to me, that the porter does not know something about it - it must have been somebody connected with the booking office that did it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
