



1578. 




THOMAS GRAHAM
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12 of June, at 

St. Luke, Chelsea, 8 sovereigns, 3 half-sovereigns, and 6 half-crowns, the monies of 



Edward Wenman Allison, his master, in the dwelling-house of 



William Lewin.






EDWARD WENMAN ALLISON
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Arthur-street, in the parish of St. Luke, Chelsea—it is the house of William Lewis—the prisoner is my apprentice. On the 12th of June, I and my wife went out, leaving the prisoner in the room at work—I returned between six and seven o'clock in the evening and he was gone—I missed from a drawer in my room, eight sovereigns, three half-sovereigns, and six half-; crowns, which were safe the day before—I went to Southampton, and found the prisoner on board the Atalanta steam-boat—the officer produced a watch and some clothes—I did not make him any promise or threaten him—he took me to where he had bought the watch for 3l. 7s. at a Jew's—it was not worth more than 1l.—Lewin lives in the house.





MARY ANN ALLISON
. I am the prosecutor' wife. I saw the money safe last Monday morning, the 12th of June, about eleven o'clock, about two hours before we went out; there was nine sovereigns, three half-sovereigns, and six half-crowns.





WILLIAM TERRY
. I am an officer of Southampton. On Tuesday last Mr. Allison came to me—we went on board the steam-boat and found the prisoner—I found on him four sovereigns and a half, a silver watch in a bag, and a new suit of clothes—I asked him how he became possessed of the money—he said, "I took it out of my master's drawer" I asked how much he took—he said, "Eight sovereigns, five half-sovereigns, and about 1l. in silver"—I said, "How did you get the money?"—he said, the key was left in the drawer, and he left one sovereign behind—he took me' to a little bazaar at the end of the pier, and said he gave 3l. 10s. there for the watch—he took me to where he bought the clothes; they were given up and the money returned—Solomon Solomons is the man who sold him the watch, but he refused to give it up—I believe the watch is not worth 1l.—the Atalanta was about to sail for Guernsey—he gave every assistance to try to get the property back, by telling me where he laid out the money.

MR. ALLISON
re-examined. He has been my apprentice since last February, and was with me twelve months before—he was a very good lad—I believe this was a sudden temptation—the key was either in the drawer or on it—I left him in care of a little boy about two years and a half old—he has since said he meant to go to sea—his friends live at Jersey—he left one sovereign behind.




GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Canfined One Year in the Peniteniary, and then 


Transported for Life.—(Strongly recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury, on account of the sudden temptation, and his being anxious to deliver up the property.)
