




1818. 




JAMES CREECY
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of May, 20 half-sovereigns, the monies of 




Thomas South, his master; and 





REUBEN CREECY



, for feloniously receiving 8 half-sovereigns, part of the said property, well knowing the same to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.—2nd COUNT, for feloniously harbouring and maintaining the said 



James Creecy.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS SOUTH
. I am a farmer, and live at Great Stanmore. The prisoner James Creecy was in my service for about twelve months; and Reuben had been in my service, but had left me about a month or five weeks before this—on Sunday, the 12th of May, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, I gave James Creecy a brown-paper parcel, which contained 20 half-sovereigns—he was to take it to Mr. Tootell, at Edge ware—it was sealed and directed—he was to ask him what message he had to send back—I then went to church, and on my return I saw James Creecy in my yard—I asked if he had been down to Mr. Tootell's—he said, "Yes; I saw Mr. Tootell, and gave him the parcel; he said it was all right; there was no other message"—in the afternoon I saw Reuben Creecy in my stable, with James Creecy—I asked Reuben what he did there, and whether he was not ashamed to show his face there after leaving my service in the way he had—the next morning James Creecy was missing, and did not return—I sent to Mr. Tootell's, and on the following Thursday I went with the officer, and overtook the prisoners about three miles on the other side of Ipswich—I said, "James, here you are"—he said, "Yes, master, what do you want with me?"—I said, "You know very well, I want you to go with me"—he said, "You don't owe me any thing, master, nor do I owe you any thing—what do you want with me?"—Reuben said, "What do you want with me?"—I said, "To go with your brother"—he said, "I don't work for you now, you can't have any business with me"—they were taken to Ipswich, and eight halfsovereigns and some silver were found on James, and also a piece of the paper the money had been wrapped in, directed to Mr. Tootell; and on Reuben eight half-sovereigns.


James Creecy. I was not there when you came from church. Witness. Yes, you was standing there.





WILLIAM FRY
 (City police-constable, No. 122.) I went with the prosecutor down the Suffolk road, and found the prisoners three miles beyond Ipswich—the Inspector took from James 11s. in silver, and 4 1/2 d. in copper, from his pocket; and in his bundle were eight half-sovereigns, one four-penny piece, and 1 1/2 d. in copper, and this bit of paper; and in Reuben's pocket were eight half-sovereigns, one shilling, and 4 1/2 d.

Reuben Creecy. I left my master on the Saturday night, and he said, If I am clear of this robbery he will take me back. Witness. I asked Reuben How he came to be so silly as to leave his place because his brother had left his—he said, the reason he left was, his brother gave him half the money to go home with him—I asked if he knew whether it was stolen—be said, no, he did not.





WILLIAM SMITH TOOTELL
. I live at Edgeware, and am vestry-clerk of Great Stanmore. Mr. South, the prosecutor, was the overseer of last year—be had to pay me some money—on the 12th of May I did not see James Creecy, nor did I receive twenty half-sovereigns—I bad only one manservant that day, which was Richard Purser.

James Creecy. I gave the parcel to your servant at the great door—he told me there was no answer.





RICHARD PURSER
. I am servant to Mr. Tootell. I did not see James Creecy on the 12th of May.

Reuben Creecy's Defence. The money I had I worked hard for.

JAMES CREECY—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

REUBEN CREKCY—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported for Seven Years.
