





1302. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     NEAL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of May
, 18 gallons of porter, value 29s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Fraser
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
WILLIAM FRASER. I keep the Seven Stars in Brick-lane




. On the 31st of May the prisoner was in my employ; there is a family named Piercy, in Church-street, Spitalfields - I booked that family as customers of mine by his direction - here is "Piercy" in my own hand-writing, and the figures are my wife's; he gave me the name about six months since - he has paid as much as 10s. at a time off their account; I found on inquiry that Piercy had never dealt with me - the name is here in different parts of the book; here is a running account - the prisoner was my pot-boy
 - he told me from time to time he had delivered beer to that amount to that family; I used to send in the bill every Monday - after he was in custody I got an explanation from Mrs. Piercy that he had never served her with beer at all; I told him of it - he made no answer.
Prisoner. I never booked the name of Piercy, only the number of the house. Witness. When he came to live with me twelve months ago I did not serve any one in that house - he afterwards gave me the number of the house, and then the name of the persons.
Prisoner. He came by the house one day and saw the name. Witness. No; he had told me Pierce - I came by one day, saw Piercy, and told him of it.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  FRASER
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I never received any part of the balance that is due - I have heard him mention the name of Piercy; here is eighteen gallons owing from them.
AUGUSTUS PIERCY. I am son of Mrs. Piercy, of No. 28, Church-street. There is a family named Rogers in the same house; my mother was never a customer of the prosecutor's - we never had been from there; I always gave orders for beer.
JOHN TAYLOR. I am porter to a hot-presser. I met the prisoner on Whit-Monday, at twelve o'clock - he said he was going to leave his place, that he had committed a forgery for 10l., and he should go directly he had left his dinner beer, if he did not he should be taken - he went out at the back door; I bolted it after him, and told Mr. Fraser he was gone.
Prisoner. Q. Did you bolt the door after me? A. Yes; I was smoking my pipe in the tap-room - you said you were going out at the back door, and I went, found it open, and shut it.
MR. FRASER re-examined. Q.What time did you tell Mr. Piercy of it? A.As soon as he was gone; I took the prisoner afterwards.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRAHAM
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I went and found the prisoner in custody; the prosecutor said he had robbed him - he asked if he had not committed a forgery for 10l.; he said that had nothing to do with him; he said, "Then tell me to what amount you have robbed me?" he said not more than 2l. that he knew of - I took him to the station-house, and found on him two bills for beer.
WILLIAM FRASER re-examined. Q.Can you say that he was taking out beer to deliver to Piercy? A.Not to my knowledge: I or my wife used to give him the beer, and when he returned he used to give an account of what he had done with it, and what he gave verbally was put down; I am certain that I have served him with beer to take to Piercy, under an idea that they were my customers.
Prisoner. I have paid him money off the bills that I took out; he used to tell me, "I shall always look to you for the money."
WILLIAM FRASER. That was only customers who paid.
Prisoner. I used to give credit to customers when he would not; all the beer I used to book he used to look to me for the money, for I only booked No. 28 for a few days.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
