





1132. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     LOVELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of April
, 1 watch, value 1l., 1 watch-chain, value 5s.; 1 seal, value 1s., and 1 watch-key, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Later
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  LATER
               



            . I met the prisoner on the 21st of April in the London-fields, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, and went to several public-houses with her; we then went to an empty house - I went to sleep, and when I awoke I missed my watch; the prisoner was gone, and the front window was open - I went home, and went to bed; when I got up in the morning I went with Mr.Waters, to where the prisoner said she lived - I found her getting up, and charged her with having my watch; she denied it: Mr. Waters said he would pull the house down, but what he would have it - she then said she wanted to go out; he said he would go with her - she went to the door, and said it was under the tiles of the house; she gave him this watch, which is mine - I was a little the worse for liquor that night, and cannot say whether I gave her any money.


                  THOMAS 
                  WATERS
               



            . I am an officer. What the witness has stated is correct; we found the prisoner - Later said she had stolen his watch, and she denied knowing any thing about it.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that the prosecutor had promised her 4s., and not having any money he gave her the watch to keep instead, and that she gave him her address.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LATER
               



             re-examined. Q. Will you swear you did not tell her she might take the watch, as you had no money? A. Yes - I had about 6s. in money left the next morning; I had had about 18s. 6d. that evening - I did not take off my clothes in the house we went to; I had asked her address in the evening, and she said No. 6, Cooper's-gardens.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
