




814. 




JANE GALLAGHER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
11th of February, 1 watch, value 50s., the goods of 



Ann Baber.






ANN BABER
. I am a widow, and live at No. 33, Clarence-gardens, Regent's-park. I knew the prisoner when she was a child, but not for these five years—she called on me the 11th of February—I asked her up stairs, and gave her a dinner—my watch hung over the chimney-piece—I do not know how she has been occupied—I heard she was in service—she was about an hour with me—the watch was safe while she was there—the milk came to the door; I went down to get it, and before I could get the door open, she was behind me—she then went away—I came in and missed my watch—I ran into the street, but could not see her, till I saw her at Queen-square—this is my watch.





JAMES BRADLEY
 (police-constable B 134.) I had received information that the prisoner had stolen a watch—I saw her in custody on the 18th of February, and asked her what she did with the watch that she stole from her friend—she said she pledged it near Covent-garden, in Little Russell-street—I asked in what name—she said Stevens—I went to the pawnbrokers, and found the watch had been released by two soldiers—I went to the prosecutrix the prisoner told me where she lived, and got a description of the watch, and then I found it in Knightsbridge-barracks—the prisoner gave the duplicate to a man of the name of Peters.





JAMES HISCOCK
. I am a pawnbroker at Mr. Townshend's. The last witness came about this watch—I do not know who pawned it, but it was a female, in the name of Stevens—the watch had been redeemed before the constable came, by two soldiers—it was pawned on the 11th of February.





JESSE PETERS
. I am in the 1st regiment of Guards—the prisoner met me in the court-yard of Saint James's Palace—I never saw her before—she asked me if I knew a man of the name of Pratt—I said I did—she said, "I have been told he has been in the hospital"—I said, "I do not know"—she said, "He gave me a watch, which I have pledged," and she said she would give me the ticket if I would treat her—I said I do not mind—she said, "I have not got it with me; if you will go with me to Knightsbridge. I will give it you"—I said, "I do not mind," and went with her to the end of Sloane-street—she went up a street, and came out and said that the young woman she was stopping with was not at home; but if I would go to the barracks at Knightsbridge, she would come and call for me—that was about half-past eleven o'clock—about one o'clock I was going out, and met her on Constitution-hill, and she gave me the duplicate, and I sold it to Thomas for 5s., and we went and got it out.





WILLIAM THOMAS
. I am comrade of the last Witness. I went with him and got the watch—the same watch I got out I gave the officer.

MRS. BABER. This is my watch.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.
