



1107. 




ABRAHAM ABRAHAMS
 was indicted

for a misdemeanor.


MESSRS. RYLAND
and
JONES
conducted the Prosecution.





MARY ANN SAVAGE
. I am a widow. In March, last year, I kept a small shop in Free-school-street—a man came into my shop to buy some peppermint-drops—I did not know him at that time—he was dressed as a livery servant—I have seen him since—his name is Barnet Magnus—while he was in the shop, the prisoner came to the door, and offered Magnus 7l. for some coats—when Magnus came in, he asked for an ounce of peppermint-drops which I served him with—he began to say his master had died, and he had brought these coats to dispose of for the butler—he had them tied up in a bundle—I had not seen them—he told me they were in the bundle, and asked me to allow him to leave them in the parlour—I said, "Yet, you can leave them, but it is strange"—he said, "My good lady, I have met a Jew in the Kent-road, and I really cannot get rid of him," and if I would be so kind as to allow him, he would take them into the parlour; and with that, he walked out of the shop into the parlour—I had not seen the prisoner at that time—Magnus went to the window, which is acrow the room, and began taking out the clothes, and showing them to me—I then

saw that they were coats—he then asked me if I would buy those coats—I told him, no, that I could sell him coats—he said, "My good lady, you can just look at them; I just want you to look at them; that is all"—I said, "Yes, I see them, they are all very well"—he tied them up again—I turned round, and Abrahams was inside the parlour, at the door—I had not seen him before—(I have not the slightest doubt of his being the man—I afterwards saw him in Newgate, and was requested to point out the man—I stood on a form, and was told to stand there till I could see him, and I saw him corat out of a door, and I said, "That is the man"—I am sure he is the man)—while Magnus was showing me the coats, he said they were worth 15 guineas; that was before the prisoner came in; and he said it afterward too—he said the Jew had offered him 7l. 10s. for them—when I saw the prisoner at the room-door, I said to him, "My good man, what do you want here?"—he said, "My good lady, I hope no offence, I have come to know if the man will take the money for these clothes"—I said, "My good man, what do you want here? I know nothing of you; I wish you would leave my place"—he said, "My good lady, excuse me, but it is a good offer; the coats are worth fifteen guineas"—he said they would fetch him 12l. in a sale, and that he kept a shop at the top of the Kent-road—I said, "Well, I know nothing about it"—he said, "My good lady, I have a wife and ten children; I am a respectable man, and keep a respectable shop"—Magnus had gone out at this time—the prisoner asked if I would buy the coats—I said no, I would not—he said, if I would not buy the coats, would I pay the sum of 7l., and he would leave me a deposit, that he should return the money in less than half an hour—I said I would have nothing to do with it, for I did not know that the coats were not stolen; and then in came Magnus back again—the prisoner wished then to know if I was going to pay this money—I said so, I would have nothing to do with it—he said he knew that the coats could not be stolen—that he knew where the livery servant lived—that he knew Magnus as a livery servant in the Kent-road—he did not call him Magnus, he said he knew that man to be a livery servant, and to live in the Kent-road—there was no other man there at the time—he said he knew that his master had died—he pressed me to advance the money, finding I would not buy them—I then took four sovereigns out of my pocket, and laid them on the table—I took them up again and put them into my pocket, and said, "No, I will have nothing to do with you; go out of my place"—I then went to go to the door to call Susan, who was then living with me, to get rid of these men—Abrahams caught hold of one of my bands, and violently held me, and pushed me by the stomach as I was calling Susan—I said, "You will please to unloose me, and not hold me," and then he did unloose me, but he would not let me go into my shop—I felt frightened, and thought, somehow or other, if I did not give the money, it would be forcibly taken from me; they haviig asked me before that, if I had got 7l.—I asked, why they should ask me that.

Q. How did he prevent you? going out of the room? A. He laid hold of me, and pressed me violently—I was very ill at the time—the other man stood at the window—I was frightened, being alone—I then laid the seven sovereigns down—Susan did not come near me—Abrahams said, "We want no Susan here, my good lady, come, make haste and give me the money; make haste that I may be gone"—Magnus came and took the sovereigns up off the table—Abrahams was standing next the door—he never moved from the door—he could not shut it, as there was a great mat

—he had a clothes-bag on his shoulder—he was near enough to see Magnus take up the sovereigns—he said, "Pay him, my good lady, pay the man; I will give you a deposit, and will bring you the money in less than half an hour; you are doing a deed of charity"—after Magnus took up the sovereigns, he took the coats up, and laid them on a chair—he said, "Shall I leave them in this handkerchief?"—I said, "I do not know; if you know the man"—he said, "Oh, I will take the handkerchief," Abrahams gave me 5s., and they both went off together, leaving the coats on the chair—neither of them ever returned—they never came to my house again—about a month afterwards, I was walking out; a man, dressed not as a livery servant, came up, and asked me how I did—I turned round, and said, "Why you are the man that had my money"—it was Magnus—he said, "No, my good lady, you are quite mistaken; I keep a respectable tin and brazier's shop in Petticoat-lane"—he showed me a card with a name on it—I said, "I do not want the card; I want my money"—he said, "Will you come and have something to drink?"—I said, "No, you had my money, that is what I want"—I looked for a policeman, but could not see one, and he made his escape—I was walking down the Borough three or four months afterwards with my sister; I had got a little before her; I turned round, and saw Magnus speaking to my sister—I stopped, and asked her what he was saying to her—she said he was asking who I was, what I was, and where I lived—I told her to have nothing to do with him, for he was the man who had my money—he said, "Woman, you have accused me of that before; I am not the man"—he said, "Will you not come and have some drink?" I said, "No, it is my money, and not drink I want"—I could not get a policeman, and he went away—about six or seven weeks ago, I met him again in Fenchurch-street, while the prisoner was in Newgate for another offence, I was walking with my brother; I said, "Here is that Barnet Magnus"—on which he said, "How do you do?"—I said, "Never mind how I do, I am very ill, but I will do you; Mr. Abrahams is now in Newgate, and I shall intercede about the money you had of mine"—he called me a fool and an ass; said I was drunk, and a mad woman—he abused me very much—I was not able to give him in charge—I was ill, and was led in the street by my brother—I could not walk alone—it was on a Sunday—he said, "This is the third time you have charged me with this"—I said, "You are the man"—he was not dressed as a livery servant, but I was sure he was the man—I was not able to give him in charge, and he got away—I saw Abrahams after that—I had met him before that on Holborn-hill, and given him in custody—I am certain he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long ago is it that you gave him in custody? A. I really cannot say—it was in the summer of last year; I had him taken before a Magistrate—he was let at liberty again—I did not swear positively that he was the man—I was so exhausted in running after him that I could not—it took away my speech—I did not sit down and rest myself—it might be eleven or twelve o'clock when I took him before a Magistrate—the Magistrate did not tell me to sit down and collect myself—they said unless I could state it better they could do nothing in it—the prisoner's wife has been to me three different times, and offered 3l. one time—when I went they offered me 2l.—I said I would not have any thing to do with it—I had a baby in my arms six or eight weeks old—I did not examine the coats—I lost my husband in August, 1833.

MR. RYLAND. Q. You say the day you saw him you ran a good way

after him, and was exhausted? A. Yes—the Magistrate said no doubt they should soon have him again—I afterwards saw in the paper that he was in custody, and went and saw him.





GEORGE EDWARDS
. I am the brother of Mrs. Savage. I was with her about six weeks ago, going down Fenchurch-street; all on a sudden she looked up, and said, "Here is Barney Magnus"—he said, "How do you do, Ma'am?"—she said, "I will do you now; I have got Abrahams, and now I will have you"—he called her a fool, and every thing else.





SUSAN JENKINS
. In March, last year, I lived with the prosecutrix—I remember two men coming into her shop—the prisoner was one of them—a man came in, in the character of a footman, and asked for an ounce of peppermint-drops—while he was there, the prisoner came in—I took particular notice of him.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you in the shop all the while? A. Yes; I did not see the man take away the money—they were in the back room—they went in and out two or three times—I have not seen the prisoner since, but I can swear he is the man—the reason I noticed him was, I wondered why he came in and out so—I noticed he was a dark man—he came in and out for about half an hour—I have spoken with my mistress about this—I never went to any office to swear to him.





JAMES THOMPSON
 (police-constable H 178.) I have known Barney Magnus about four years or more—I do not think he could have been a livery servant without my knowing it.

Cross-examined. Q. Suppose any one had told you to apprehend him, could you have found him? A. Yes.





WILLIAM BURRIDGE
. I am a policeman. I produce these coats, which I got from the prosecutrix.

MRS. SAVAGE. These are the coats that were left at my house—I marked them.





JOHN HAMMOND
. I am a tailor. These coats have been clothered; they are worth about 22s.—I have been in business sixteen years.

Cross-examined. Q. What is clothered? A. A coat set off to the best advantage—made to sell and not to wear—no one who was any judge would give seven guineas for these coats, no one would get a bargain by them at 22s.




GUILTY
.* Aged 45.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(See Fifth Session, page 839.)

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
