



310. 




JOHN SPILLAN
 was indicted

 for feloniously and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Elizabeth Turner, about seven o'clock in the night of the 
12th of December, at 
St. Giles-in-the-Fields, with intent to steal the goods therein, and stealing 1 blanket, value 2s.; and 1 sheet, value 3s.; her goods.






ELIZABETH TURNER
. I am single, and live in Russel's-court, St. Giles-in-the-Fields: it is also called Salutation-court. On Friday last I left my house about half-past six o'clock—it consists of one room—I left nobody in it—I tied the door twice with a piece of string—I tied the staple and hasp together, and made it as secure as I could with string—I had been out shortly before, and when I came back I saw the prisoner listening at my door—I asked him who he wanted—he made no answer—I asked him again, and took particular notice of him, as he did not answer—it was just dusk when I went out at half-past six o'clock—I do not call it very dark then—there are gas-lights there—it would be quite dark without the lamps—I was not out above ten minutes or a quarter of an hour at most—when I came back I found the door wide open, and the things laid on the table—the sheet and blanket were gone—I saw them again next morning, at Queen-square.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you meet me in the street in the evening, and we have a drop of drink together? A. We did not—I did not go up the court before you and open the door—I never saw you before I saw you at my door.

Prisoner. She opened the door, took we in, and asked if I had any money to pay for gin—I said, "No"—she said, "Take your shirt off your back, and you can have it pawned." Witness. I had no such conversation—I did not ask you to take this property out, saying that I was known—I was not drinking with you that evening—I never saw you in the street—it is all untrue.





GEORGE CARTER
 (police-constable B 121.) Last Friday evening, I saw the prisoner in Broadway, Westminster, about half-past eight o'clock—he was offering this sheet and blanket for sale—I asked if it was his own property—he said they were—I looked at the marks, and said I did not think they belonged to him—he said they belonged to him, and he had brought them from St. Giles's—I took him into custody—he went with me very quietly till he came to the corner of New Tothill-street—he then gave me a push, and ran away—I ran after him, caught him, and brought him back—next day the prosecutrix appeared at the police-office, and saw the things.





ELIZABETH TURNER

re-examined. This is my sheet and blanket—"T. Grout, St. Giles's" is marked on them—the room was let to me furnished—it belongs to my landlord—both are marked the same.

Prisoner's Defence. I met her in the street—she told me to follow her to the court, and to stand at the end till she went and opened the door—she went in first herself—I followed her in—she said," Will you have a drop of gin?"—I said I had no money but a few half-pence—she said, "Take your shirt off, and pawn it"—I gave her my shirt—she got somebody at the door to go and pawn it—I have the ticket to prove it—when the gin was drank, she gave me the things to take out, saying she would meet me in the street with them—I stood in the street with them, open in my hand, for an hour and a half, expecting her to come to me—I should have concealed, or made away with them, if I had stolen them—I went along the street, exposed as they were, and had got just towards home, when this gentleman met me, and asked where I got them—I said I had them from

a young woman to keep till she came—he took me to the watchhouse—the inspector asked where I had been drinking all day, as I was tipsy—I said in St. Giles's—the gentleman went next morning, and inquired about the place—he found out the court, and the prosecutrix claimed the things, for fear of being caught herself.
(John Conner, smith, Lumber-court, and Thomas Monigan, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY of stealing, but not of breaking and entering. Aged 35.



Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Littledale.

