





23. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of November
, 2 brushes, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Grosse
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  TYLER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. John Grosse, of Tyler's-court, Marlborough-street


. On the 19th of November I was in the shop, and observed the hand and arm of a man reaching two brushes from a book about a yard within the door - they were twisted round it; I called several times, "Leave them alone;" I saw them taken from the book, and called my fellow servant to go after him - he went, and brought back the prisoner with these brushes, which are my master's.


                  GEORGE 
                  GAHAGAN
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Grosse. William Tyler called me; I went out, and saw the prisoner running up a court, from the shop, with the brushes and a large bludgeon - I took hold of him, and took the brushes from him; he told me to let him go - I said I would not; he struck at me with his bludgeon - I avoided it by stooping; he then struck me on the shoulder, but I took him with great difficulty - he said before the Magistrate that he took them through distress.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SCHOFIELD
               



            . I have the brushes; the prisoner said he took them through distress, and that this was his bludgeon.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been beating a carpet; I and my partner were carrying it home on this stick - I saw two brushes on the flag stone, and took them up; I carried them twenty yards, when the shopman came, and said they were his; I said he was welcome to them - he was not satisfied, but took me by the neckcloth, and almost throttled me; I said, "Don't do that - I will go any where with you."
MR. TYLER. They were not on the flag, but on the book.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
