





1389. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  RIDLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of August
, 9lbs. of gun metal, value 6s.; and 8 metal cocks, value 4l.; the goods of 
                     
                        Alexander 
                        Galloway
                     




                  , his master
            .
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ALEXANDER GALLOWAY
               



            . I am the son of Alexander Galloway; he is an engineer
, and lives in West Smithfield


 - the prisoner was storekeeper
 in his employ, till the 2nd of August - he had the care of about thirty brass cocks, which I had seen safe about a month previous- on the 2nd of August I accused the prisoner of having taken these, in consequence of having missed a piece of metal - and he admitted, after a great deal of hesitation, that he had taken six or eight of those cocks - they were similar to this one.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. I suppose you had a great deal of conversation with him? A. I charged him in consequence of losing some gun metal - I then foundthe drawer where these cocks had been was perfectly empty - I did not say it would be better for him to tell me - I said, "This drawer was full of cocks, and they are gone" - he then said, "I have taken from six to eight."
COURT. Q. Did you say any thing more? A. No; only expressing my belief that he had taken other things - he had no authority to take them - he said he took them to pieces to make them more portable, and he had sold them.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Did you say one word of that before the magistrate? A. I am not certain, but my father did - I was sworn to tell the whole truth - my deposition was read over to me - I was not asked if I had any thing to alter or to add to it - the clerk gave me the paper, and told me to read it and sign it, which I did - I will not swear whether the clerk asked me if I had any thing to add to it - my father swore that the prisoner said that he took them to pieces for the purpose of taking them off - I don't know whether that was taken down - I think my father stated that - I will not swear that he did - my impression is that he did say it.
MR. ALEXANDER GALLOWAY. I was present when my son brought the prisoner into my counting-house, stating that he had missed a number of cocks, and the prisoner had admitted he had taken six or eight, and sold them to some man in Turnmill-street. I expressed my astonishment that a youth like him should have so degraded himself as to take property with which he had been intrusted, and I asked him how he took them - he said he had separated the parts and taken them in his several pockets.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was the officer present at this conversation? A. No; my son and the prisoner and myself were present when he stated this, and asked for mercy and forgiveness - I then sent for the officer, and he never denied any statement that he had made in the presence of me and my son.


                  DAVID 
                  HAYNE
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's employ - I was in the brass-foundry, and missed the piece of gun metal - I asked the prisoner if he had taken it away - he said "No" - I came down to the iron-foundry, and asked my father about it - I then spoke to the prisoner again, and he went down some steps and got it.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. If he had not done so, you would not have found it? A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of this charge - to say that I acknowledged it, is utterly false - I never did so. Mr. John Galloway has had a hatred against me for this last year, and said he would get me out of the counting-house if he could.
MR. JOHN ALEXANDER GALLOWAY. I have no such thing, he has been seven years in our employ.
(Mr. 
               
                  Gilbert 
                  Hutchings
               



            , of Essex-street, 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Hayes
               



            , and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Andrews
               



            , gave the prisoner a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
