



2400. 




MARY LAST
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of September, at 

St. Marylebone, 1 watch, value 7l., and 3 rings, value 7l., the goods of 



Urania Matilda White, in her dwelling-house.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






URANIA MATILDA WHITE
. I live at No. 25, Wyndham-street, in the parish of St. Marylebone, and am single. I have gone by the name of Sharp for some years, but my real name is White—I have known the prisoner better than twelve months—about a fortnight before the 12th of October, I was unwell, and the prisoner came to me, and said her sister and her had quarrelled—I employed her to attend me in my illness—she came backwards and forwards—I kept my purse and jewellery in a drawer—I occasionally sent her to that drawer—she was the only person I ever sent to it—the articles in question were safe in that drawer when the prisoner came to me—she left on Friday the 30th, having been with me nearly a fortnight, and I missed the articles on the Monday—I never authorised her to pawn them—I never had occasion to do it—I have bad occasion to pawn, I am sorry to say, but not while she was with me.

Cross-examined by
MR. JERNINGHAM. Q. What sort of a house is it you live in—are you the proprietor of it? A. I am—I do not keep it open unusually late at night—I have gone by the name of Sharp for seven or ten years—I know the prisoner's sister—I do not know what she is—I have lived in the house for nearly two years—the prisoner's sister did not lire in my house twelvemonths ago with an old gentleman—I did not see any old gentleman—the prisoner herself came and took lodgings at my house—I will swear the prisoner's sister was not seduced by an old gentleman at my house twelve months ago—the prisoner has been in the habit, for the last fortnight, of going backwards and forwards from her own house to mine—she slept at my house.

Q. Has she not been in the habit of sitting up till a very late hour at night, expecting your return from places of amusement? A. When have gone—I may have gone once or twice a week—I do not think I have gone three times—I was very ill while the prisoner was with me—I once came home with a gentleman, and only once, while the prisoner was there—I placed implicit confidence in her—this is my watch—(looking at it)—it has my crest on it—it is worth 10l. or 12l.—and the ring attached to it is worth at least,5l.





JOHN BUTTON
. I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pawned this watch on the 30th of September, for 5l. 10s.—it is worth about 7l.—I have one ring which was pawned with my young man—it is worth 3l. or 4l.—I knew the prisoner before—she was in the habit of pawning for her sister—I have not a doubt of her pawning the watch.





RICHARD BRADSHAW
. I took the prisoner into custody. She denied all knowledge of the watch or ring.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Recorder.

