



1779. 




JOHN SMITH
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the warehouse of 



James Innes Dickeson, on the 
2nd of July, and stealing therein 2 medals, value 5l.; 3 Pairs of trowsers, value 30s.; 2 rings, value 12s.; 1 powder-flask, value 7s.; 2 tassels, value 4s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 2s.; 2 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 22 farthings, his goods and monies.






JAMES SMITH
 (police-sergeant H 2.) On the moning of the 3rd of July, at three o'clock, I stopped the prisoner in High-street, Whitechapel, about one mile from Eastcheap, and saw he had something bulky in his bosom—I asked what he had got—he said a pair of trowsers which he was going to take to his brother, who was a performer at Fairlop—I opened his bosom, and found these trowsers—I took him to the watch-house, and found on him these two medals—this handkerchief was round his neck, and these other articles were about him—he burst into tears, and said he had found them.





WILLIAM TAYLOR
 (police-constable H 146.) I was with Smith and I took one pair of these trowsers out of the prisoner's cap.





JAMES INNES DICKESON
. I have a warehouse at No. 48 Eastcheap—no one sleeps three—I left it all secure on the evening of the 2nd of July—I went there next morning, and found it perfectly safe on the outside—one of my young men went in, and found the desk broken open, and the papers strewed about—I then missed these articles, which the policeman afterwards borught—they had been locked in my desk the night before—they are pulling down the next house to the warehouse—I consider the person must have got in there, and in at my attic window, which had been boarded up; but one of the boards had been forced down, which would make an aperture large enough for a man to get in—the warehouse is in the parish of St. Andrew Husbard.

Prisoner's Defence. I had been out with one of Mr. Dale's carmen—I laid down in Smithfield, and saw three stout men come and one put his bundle down, and I took it up.




GUILTY
.* Aged 16.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
