





802. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     KENNEDY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of February
, 30lbs, of pork, value 17s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Brede
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOLDING
               



            . I live at Sudbury. On the 21st of February I sent a side of pork to London, weighing more then 30 lbs; it was directed to Mr. Aylwoods, Whitechapel - it was in a cloth; I sent it in Mr. Abbet's waggon.
WILLIAM SEAKINS. I attended Whitechapel market


, and unloaded the waggon, on Saturday, February the 23rd. I recollect the pork coming up directed to Mr. Aylwood's - it was drawn into Irish-court from the shop window, and something taken from it, but we did not know what till we sent for Mr. Golding; I had seen the prisoner loitering about when I delivered the pack at the shop - we went after him, and found him in half an hour; the meat was afterwards found.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BREDE
               



            . I am a ticket-porter
. I took charge of this package, and am answerable for it; about three o'clock in the morning I sent Seakins to unload for Mr. Aylwood - he then told me one package was missing; we got a light to find it - we found it had been opened, and something taken out; the officer afterwards came and asked if we had lost any meat; the package contained a side of veal, some bacon, and a side of pork - the pork was gone.


                  THOMAS 
                  COOPER
               



             (Police-constable H 82.) At half-past three o'clock that morning I saw the prisoner coming down Brick-lane, with the pork naked on his shoulder, and smoking his pipe; I asked where he was going - he said to Spitalfields market, and then he said to a gentleman in Brown's-lane, who I knew was a large butcher; I took him, and found the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a porter; a man employed me to carry it to Mr. Townshend's, in Brown's-lane.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
