






2004. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOLLMAN
                  





               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of July
, 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 5 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; 2 shirts, value 2l., and 4 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           George Edward 
                           Baker
                        



                     
                  ; 1 pair of boots, value 10s.; 2 watches, value 4l.; 2 coats, value 10l.; 2 rings, value 10s., and 2 waistcoats, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas William 
                           Flavell
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        William Flavell
                     



                  , 
                     
                        George 
                        Edward Baker
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        George 
                        Pyke
                     



                  ; and that the said 
                     
                        John 
                        Hollman
                     



                   had been before convicted of felony
            .
GEORGE OAKLEY. I am an inspector of Police division E. On the 23rd of July I apprehended the prisoners in the Cheshire Cheese, Mount-pleasant; I found on Hollman this waistcoat, and on Smith this pair of boots - Mr. Baker was with me, and claimed the waistcoat; the prisoners said it was theirs.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Who was there at the time? A. Davis and Maria.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SPRINGATE
               



             (Police-constable E 123.) I went with the inspector, and took these boots from Smith's legs - I was in Gray's Inn on the 2nd of July, and saw Hollman against the door opposite No. 14, which are the prosecutors' chambers; I had seen him in the square three or four times before.
Cross-examined. Q. What enables you to fix on the 2nd of July? A. Because it is the day the robbery was committed - I saw him there about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, and I heard of the robbery about twenty minutes before nine; I am quite sure I saw him that evening, but I did not know that I had seen him till I took him up - I had seen him lurking about on the 19th; I recollect the date by the Hue and Cry, in which all robberies are inserted.
COURT. Q. Did you see him on the 2nd? A. Yes, and on the 19th he was lurking about the square; I saw the Hue and Cry after we had taken him, about the 23rd or 24th; I know the date by the Hue and Cry; I was called up into the chambers on the night of the robbery, about half-past eight o'clock, and I had seen Hollman that night.
GEORGE EDWARD BAKER. I have chambers at No. 14, Gray's Inn-square


 - I have two friends, who reside there, Mr. Flavell and Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Pyke
               



             - we jointly pay the rent, and reside there as a dwelling-house. I left the chambers at a quarter before eight o'clock on the 2nd of July, leaving Mr. Pyke there; when I returned, at nine o'clock, I found Mr. Flavell had returned - Springate and another Policeman were there; there was a complaint that the chambers had been robbed; the outer door seemed to have been opened by a key, and the inner door was broken - I missed a waistcoat, four sovereigns, five silk handkerchiefs, and two shirts; and three 5l. notes were left on the floor - Mr. Flavell lost two watches, some mourning-rings, and a pair of boots; I know the waistcoat to be mine, and these boots to be his.
Cross-examined. Q. Are these chambers held from the society of Gray's Inn? A. No, we hold them of Adlington and Co. - I was not the last person in before the robbery.


                  THOMAS 
                  PORTER
               



            . I am in the service of a bootmaker in Covent-garden. These boots are Mr. Flavell's - I repaired them for him.
Cross-examined. Q. What do you know them by? A. By the letter C near the instep, which shows the currier the leather was bought of, and it is my own mark - I gave them out to be new footed by one of our men; I know they are the same.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAM FLAVELL
               



            . These are my boots - I lost them about the 2nd of July; I had worn them two or three times after they came home.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOODYEAR
               



             (Police-constable E 39). I have a certificate of the conviction of Hollman in January, 1831- I got it at Mr. Clark's office; I was present at the trial, and know he is the man.


                  GEORGE 
                  PYKE
               



            . Mr. Baker, Mr. Flavell, and myself jointly occupy the chamber in Gray's Inn-square; it is extra parochial, and pays no poor-rates.
Witnesses for the Defence.


                  EDWARD 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I am a bricklayer, and live at Notting-dale, Kensington. I know Hollman's father; he has worked as a carpenter for me; on the 2nd of July, the prisoner Hollman came there with him, between 6 and 7 o'clock in the evening, as near as I can say - I am sure it was not later than seven; I know it was the 2nd of July, because I paid his father on the 3rd., 10s. for his labour, and here is his receipt - they stopped all night on the 2nd of July, and left me about ten o'clock on the 3rd.
COURT. Q. Where does Hollman's father live? A. I think about Kentish-town; I do not know exactly - I have a wife and four children; my wife is not here, she is ill -I have two rooms in my house; I went to bed, and the prisoner and his father slept in the next room; I have two beds in one room, and one in the other; two children slept with me - my eldest, who is a girl, and the next, which is a boy, slept with the prisoner and his father, in a turn-up bedstead about six feet long, and four feet six wide - the prisoner and his father did not go home, because I wanted my cart mended the next day; I cannot write - Hollman's father wrote this receipt - they began to work at my cart that night about seven o'clock, as soon as they came, and worked as long as they could see, and finished it the next morning.


                  RICHARD 
                  HOLLMAN
               



            . I am the prisoner's father. I recollect going with him to Curtis' on the 2nd of July; I live at Camden town, but we did not start from there, but from the bottom of Oxford-street, about five o'clock, and got to Curtis' between six and seven o'clock; we went there to repair a cart, and returned the next day - we got to Oxford-road about eleven o'clock.
COURT. Q. What, were you an hour and a half walking to Kensington? A. No, we stopped and had something to drink; we started from No. 31, Crown-street -Hubic, my daughter, lived there, and I called there to say where I was going; I met my son there - he did not live with me; we stopped at a public-house when we got to Tyburn-gate; it was on the right-hand side - I do not know the sign; we then went on to Notting-dale,and got there about half-past six o'clock - I expected to finish the job by the time it was dark; we stopped there that night - there was plenty of room; I did not undress, nor my son either - the children slept at the bottom of the bed, with their feet to ours; we did not go to bed till eleven o'clock, or a little after, and got up at three - we had bread and cheese, and beer; the cart wanted a new tail-board, a new bottom and sides - the shafts were very good; the cart was about three feet six inches wide', and four feet in length - the timber was there, and we took our tools; we finished about ten o'clock the next day - I do not know where my son lodged at that time; it was on a Monday we went.


                  JOSHUA 
                  EVERETT
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live in Bath-court, Cold Bath-square. I have known Smith from a child; I had occasion to go to Mile-end, to get some stuff, about the 10th of July, and as I came back I met Smith in Whitechapel - I had not seen him before for two or three months; he asked me if I could tell him where to get a pair of boots - I told him in Petticoat-lane; I went there with him, and saw him purchase a pair of one of those Jews who sell them; I then left him, and went up to Hampstead, where I work; I cannot tell whether these are the boots or not.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SPRINGATE
               



             re-examined. Q. You have heard the evidence - now are you sure it was on the 2nd of July, that you saw Hollman in Gray's Inn-square? A. I am quite sure it was the night the robbery was committed; I had seen him three or four times before, but not again till the 19th.
HOLLMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Life
            .
