



871. 




ALEXANDER PAYNE
 was indicted

for stealing for stealing, on the 
27th of August, 1834, 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; 1 coat, value 2l. 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 4 handkerchiefs. value 1l.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 2 razors, value 5s.; and 2 shirts, value 18s.; the goods of 



James Shuttleworth, in the dwelling-house of 



Ellen Davis; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES SHUTTLEWORTH
. I lodged in Market-street, St. George-the-Martyr, Southwark. The prisoner slept in the same bed with me for a mouth—I had seen these articles safe on the morning of the 27th of August, 1834, at a quarter before five o'clock—he was in bed at that time—I got up to go to work, and returned at three o'clock in the aftrernoon, and the property was all gone—there was a pair of trowers worth 1l. a coat worth 2l. a waistcoat worth 10s., a pair of stockings worth 1s., four handkerchiefs worth 1l., tow razors worth 5s., two shirts worth 18s.—that is a verylow value—the prisoner never came back—I never saw him again till he was in custody—these things were all folded up, and in the cupboard—the door was not locked—I think no one could have gone there till the landlady did, at nine o'clock in the morning—he left an old coat, shirt, and waistcoat, there.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Had these things been long in wear? A. No; about three months—Mr. West made my coat—it coat 3l—I could not have sold it for more than 1l. 5s.—I bought the shirts in Regent-street, and gave 9s. a-piece for them—I could have got 8s. a-piece if I had sold them—the prisoner was a tailor—he did not keep anything in that place—I had not known him before he came to lodge there—no other young men lodged in that room—I left him in bed at a quarter before five o'clock—he had no work to do, and I worked late and early—the landlady had called him that morning, and I got up.





ELLEN DAVIS
. I am landlady of the house, I remember the prisoner and the prosecutor lodging with me—I went into the room at nine o'clock in the morning—no one bad been in between five and nine o'clock—I saw the shirt and coat which the prisoner left in the room, and missed the other things—the prisoner left me that day without notice, and owed me 8s. 10d.—he had not paid his lodging.


Cross-examined. Q. How long had he lodged with you? A. There months—he was out of work—a young man lodged in the next room—he he a brazier—he went out at six o'clock that morning—I did not see either of them go—nobody could go up to that room, because I sleep in the bottom of the house.





JAMES PAPER
 (police-constable M 83.) I received information of this, but could not take the prisoner till lately.





WILLIAM SIMMONS
 (police-constable L 150.) I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office (read)—the prisoner is the man.
(Charles Hammond, of No.36, Pleasant-place, West-square, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY of stealing, value 4l. 6s. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
