






337. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     DOCKERTY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     WICKS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
, 1 pair of boots, value 8s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Fallows
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  FALLOWS
               



            . I live in Bunhill-row


. On Saturday, the 10th of December, I missed a pair of boots, between one and two o'clock.


                  ROBERT 
                  CONNOR
               



            . I am apprentice to the prosecutor. On the 10th of December the prisoners came in to buy a pair of shoes; there was another person with them - I am quite sure I saw the two prisoners; we had not a pair to fit them, and they went out - it was the other person who asked for the shoes; we missed the boots about a quarter of an hour after they were gone - I did not observe any thing particular about Dockerty; I was serving the other- I went in search of the prisoners, and found them in a pawnbroker's shop, in Aldersgate-street; I saw the pair of boots on the counter, and Dockerty standing just by them- when I went in they came out; the boots were pushed off the counter - I followed them: the other person who had been in our shop was standing outside - the prisoners went to a house in Crown-court, Bell-alley, and were taken there.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  COOKE
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Fallows. I saw the prisoners at his shop on the 10th of December; we found them at the pawnbroker's - I did not see the boots on the counter; I followed them to Crown-court, Bell-alley - I got the officer, and they were taken.



                  MICHAEL 
                  GLADWELL
               



            . I am a Police-officer. These are the boots; I took the prisoners.
JOHN ROBERTS. I am shopman to Mr. Walters, a pawnbroker, in Aldersgate-street. On Saturday, the 10th of December, the prisoners came to our shop; in a few minutes Dockerty threw a pair of boots across the counter - I saw them running out; they had not said any thing about the boots, but I suppose they came to pawn them -I put them on the back counter; the apprentices came in immediately after.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Wicks' Defence. Betsey Jones asked us to go and buy some shoes; they had none to suit her - she told us to come again on the Monday; we went home to my mother's, and she sent us to pawn a shawl - Jones was at the door.
DOCKERTY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WICKS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Confined Three Months
            .
