






625. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ISAACS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PEARSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of February
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watch-key, value 1s.; 1 seal, value 3d., and 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Mitchell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN MITCHELL. I live at Wright's-buildings, Bermondsey. On the 14th of February, as I was returning from Regent's-park, between three and four o'clock, I came into the City, and in Fleet-street


, between Bride-lane and the corner of Bridge-street, at Alderman Waithman's funeral, (the carriages were waiting there) there was a number of people on the pavement, but it was not so crowded but what they might pass - one man got in front of me, another on my left side, and another on my right, and they kept pushing me; I recollect two of them - one I can positively swear to, but the other I was doubtful about; I positively swear to Pearson - he was on my left side; I was shoved along, one pushing me on one side, and the other on the other, until I got to Bridge-street - I am quite sure I had my watch in my fob when I was at the end of Bride-lane; I did not feel it go out of my fob, but when I got to the corner of Bridge-street, I perceived that it was gone - I have not seen it since; Pearson was on my left-hand - he turned to go away, and an officer caught him by the arm; I put my hand to my fob, and called out that my watch was gone - the other two turned away towards Blackfriars-bridge, and another officer went after them; Isaacs was brought into my presence afterwards - I will not positively swear to him; I attended before the Magistrate next day, and was certain of Pearson.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know when you missed your watch? A. I lost it between Bride-lane and the corner of Bridge-street - I do not know who took it; I was pushed about in the crowd - I felt it safe at the end of Bride-lane.
Q. Did you walk one hundred yards before you said any thing about it? A. No, I did not go from the place - the crowd was greater near Messrs. Waithman's house; I had got no great coat on - the watch had a black ribbon to it.
Q. Did you tell the Magistrate that on missing it you went back to where you missed it, and found Pearson standing there? A. I do not recollect saying any such thing - he had not time to get away, for the watchmen laid hold of his arm directly he turned round.


                  GEORGE 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am a ginger-beer manufacturer. I went on Thursday to see the funeral - I went as far as the church, then came back, and stood against Mr. Waithman's to see the coaches come back again; I saw three men close together - I saw Mitchell coming by, and these two men standing against Mr. Waithman's house; I recognized lsaacs - before they separated, the one who has got away, got before Mr. Mitchell, who was walking very slow; the two prisoners went on each side of the prosecutor; I am quite certain Pearson was one of them - Isaacs was on his right hand, and Pearson on his left; I saw Pearson stoop down his arm, and lift Mr. Mitchell's up, and then Isaacs gave him a push, which nearly hoisted him off the ground, Pearson stopped again, and Isaacs pushed him - then somebody in the street sung out about the swell mob - I then went to Mitchell, and asked if he had lost any thing - he felt, and said, "Yes, I am robbed of my watch;" one of the City officers laid hold of Pearson, and in about ten minutes Isaacs was secured - I am positive they were both engaged in pushing the prosecutor; I did not see them take his watch.
Cross-examined. Q. When somebody called out the swell mob, I believe you were in the midst of them? A. No, I was against Mr. Waithman's house - there was not much of a mob when they were caught - there was plenty of room for me to walk; I sometimes get a job to cut bills for the newspapers, and have been a gentleman's servant; I do not keep a ginger-beer shop, but serve several shops with it, and stand at the corner of Old-street in the summer - I get my living in the winter, by any thing I can get to do; I have 1s. job now and then - I earned 2s. 6d. last Sunday morning; and can have a good character from Mr. Eaton, of the Saracen's Head, Aldgate.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOODRUFF
               



            . I live in Upper Thames-street; I am out of business at present. I was at the funeral, standing with Mr. Betterton, at the bottom of Fleet-street, on the curb, just by Mr. Waithman's corner; I felt a pushing come against me that turned me round, and I saw Pearson, Isaacs, and another person by Mr. Mitchell; I should not recollect the other person again - Betterton took Pearson by the arm, and said he had better go home; I did not see them do any thing, only standing by the prosecutor - I heard Mr. Mitchell say he had lost his watch; Betterton had laid hold of Pearson then - I did not see Pearson at the time of the shoving, I did after it was done - I called Davy to secure Isaacs, and he took him, in my presence.
Cross-examined. Q. You had seen them pushing about in the crowd? A. No, not till they came down on us; I am a jeweller, out of business at present, and live on my property, which is a little money I have saved - I do not go about to help officers; I had a case of my own here four years ago - if I happen to be with the officers I assist them; this is the first time I came upon a case - I have often been with the officers, but was never employed by them, nor have I ever been paid by the Police; I knew Davey when he came on the new establishment - I went to see the funeral, the same as others.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BETTERTON
               



            . I am one of the City Police. I was at the funeral, and saw Mr. Mitchell near Mr. Waithman's corner - I caught hold of Pearson before I knew that the prosecutor was robbed; I did not see any thing done to the prosecutor before I caught hold of him; I was standing with my back to him, or nearly sideways; I caught hold of him by the arm, and advised him to go away - Woodruff turned round, and said, "Here is a gentleman robbed;" I said, "Then you must stop;" and Isaid, "Woodruff, do you see any of the party?" he said,"Here is one going along;" I said, "Follow him;" he either followed him or sent after him, and Isaacs was taken - Mr. Mitchell saw Pearson in my custody almost immediately, and said he was one of the party who had hustled him; Pearson appeared to be in liquor, but he very soon became sober at the watch-house - whether he was in liquor I cannot say; Isaacs was brought into the watch-house within two minutes after, and a man in a brown fustian coat, who came in with Mitchell, gave charge of him - he stated, in the hearing of both the prisoners, that Isaacs was one of the party who hustled the prosecutor - Isaacs said something about his going to Ragfair; we had very few words, for I sent them to the Compter almost directly - Mitchell appeared before the Magistrate; he spoke more positively to one of the prisoners than the other, but which I do not recollect - I never saw him till Isaacs was brought to the watch-house.
Cross-examined. Q. Did Parker come into the watch-house after both the prisoners were there? A. Yes, I think so - I never saw Parker before; there was a rush, which threw Pearson on my shoulder, as they stuck so close to him - I have known Woodruff some years, but never knew him as assistant to the officers; I have occasionally found him a very useful man on public occasions; he is a very respectable man - I believe he has a sort of agency business at times - I have known him employed to look after pavement contracts; I do not believe he ever employed himself in going with the officers - he might go round Bartholomew-fair for an hour for amusement.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAVEY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended Isaacs, under the wall of the Fleet-prison, in Farringdon-street, it was on the 14th of February; a gentleman named Woodruff came up to me and pointed to Isaacs, and said"Bill Betterton has got a prisoner - there has been a robbery, and there goes another of them," and I laid hold of him.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known Woodruff. A. About eight months; he is a respectable man - I understand he has been a builder; he never went out with me - I have repeatedly seen him with other officers; he may have known me while I have been on the new establishment, which is about twelve months - I do not recollect his ever being at the apprehension of a thief with me; I have met him at public houses.
Pearson's Defence. I had been to the west-end of the town, taking my sister's child home - the crowd were pushing me about, and somebody trod the heel of my shoe down; I turned round - I might have shoved the prosecutor; when I had put my shoe up I made the best of my way out of the crowd, and the officer laid hold of my arm, and in about ten minutes they brought Isaacs to the watch-house - he was unknown to me.
THOMAS WOODRUFF re-examined. I did not see Isaacs hustle the prosecutor.
PEARSON* - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
ISAACS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
