




894. 




CHARLES PERRY
 and 




HENRY HOPKINS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of March, 30lbs. of hay, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 



John Pain, the master of Charles Perry.






JOHN PAIN
. I am a butcher, and live at Waltham Abbey. Perry was in my service for about six weeks—he had to drive the hay to London, three times a week—he scarcely did any thing else—on the 12th of March, he, with a man, went with a load of clover hay—he left my place about three o'clock in the morning—he did not return—I afterwards saw some hay, which I have no doubt, was mine—I suppose there were thirty pounds, or more—I do not know the other prisoner.






HEZEKIAH WILMER
 (police-constable, N 202.) On the 12th of March I was in Kingsland-road, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon—I saw the prosecutor's cart going home towards Essex—it was empty—Perry was in the cart, and Hopkins was walking by the side—he was in conversation with Perry—I saw Hopkins take some coppers out of his pocket, and give them to Perry, who put them into his pocket, and gave a truss of hay out of the cart to Hopkins, who walked on with it—I went and stopped him—he said it was all right—I said, never mind; he mast come to the station—he then threw down the hay, and said, if I was going to take him, I should carry the load—I took him and the hay to the station, with the assistance of ray brother officer—I then got on the stage, and followed the cart, and took Perry.

Perry's Defence. It was not my master's hay—it was my own.





HEZEKIAH WILMER

re-examined. The deposition of the prisoner was taken before the Magistrate—I saw the Magistrate sign it—(read)—"The prisoner Perry says Hopkins asked me to sell him some hay" and I did sell it to him for ninepence—I never did do such a thing before, and I will not do it again—it was hay, and taken out for the me of my master's horses—"The prisoner Hopkins says he did buy the hay—he paid Perry for it—it was one shilling, all in copper."

PERRY—


GUILTY
. Aged 16—



Confined Six Months.

HOPKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 24—


Transported for Seven Years.
