





859. 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     NOWLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of February
, 1 coat, value 6s., and 1 snuff-box, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William John 
                     Holt
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHN HOLT
               



            . I missed my coat and snuffbox on the 18th of February from the lobby of No. 6, Finsbury-square


, where I reside as clerk
 - I missed a great coat in about a week, and have not found it since; but I have this snuff-box, which was in the pocket of it- I had had it so long that I knew it immediately from some chips on it; it had some snuff in it when I lost it, and some of the same snuff was in it when it was found - the prisoner used to come to the house, but I never saw him.


                  ESTHER 
                  ADLINGTON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Ewington. On the 18th of February the prisoner brought some coals to the house, and on the 25th he brought two sacks more - he took some up stairs, and some down; he passed the passage or hall, where the coats hang in general.
JOHN GRAVES. I live in the same house with Medcraft in Hart-street. I received a coat from a little girl, who lives with my landlady, about the 18th of February; it was a black coat, but I never opened it - it was a close body coat; the prisoner came to my room a little before one o'clock, and asked for a black coat - I said, "There is one hangs over the chair;" he said, "I left it when you were out;" Mrs. Loveday had come in, called me Johnny, asked if it would fit me, and then I saw it was a close body coat, and too small for me - I saw that it had a bit of red tape at the top, and said "Where did it come from? it must have been hung up at some shop;" the prisoner laughed, and took it away - he gave me a bit of snuff from a box, the colour of this, and it had some drawing on it. On the 25th of February he came again in a great flurry, and asked if his boots were done; he had a great coat on then.


                  SARAH 
                  MEDCRAFT
               



            . The prisoner came into my passage, and went into the yard - I ran down, and he said,"Will you be so kind as to give Mr. Graves this coat," and he took it out of a coal-sack - I took it from him, hung it across a chair; and when my little girl came from school, I sent it to Mr. Graves; it was a close body coat.


                  MARY 
                  ANN LOVEDAY
               



            . I saw the prisoner in Mr. Graves' room, with a coat under his arm - I said, "What have you got?" he said, "A coat" - I said, "Will it fit our Johnny?" he said No; I took it, and saw a piece of red tape to hang it up by - the prisoner took it, and went away; he said, "I know where this shall fetch me eight pegs;" I saw a little yellow snuff-box, with a picture drawn on the top of it - I think it was this one.


                  JOHN 
                  GARDNER
               



            . The prisoner came, and asked me to lend him 11/2d. towards a pot of beer, and left this box with me; it had snuff in it - this is the box; I marked it, and then I lent him 1d. to buy some tobacco.


                  GEORGE 
                  GREENING
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and asked what he had done with the coat - he at first said he should tell no one, and then said he had had no coat at all.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLT
               



            . Mine was a black coat, and had a piece of tape to hang it on a hook - I used it in the office.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the coat - when I went to Mr. Ewington's house the servant always asked me in; I told Gardner I bought the box for 6d. of a man I did not know.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
