



1613. 




AMELIA HEDSMAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of May, 18 sheets, value 4l. 10s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.; 36 towels, value 18s.; 5 bolster cases, value 10s.; 10 pillow cases, value 10s.; 1 bed cover, value 12s.; 4 toilet covers, value 8s.; 4 table'cloths, value 1l.; 3 night gowns, value 12s.; 12 pairs of socks, value 1l. 4s.; 1 brooch, value 2l.; ring, value 1l.; 1 guard chain, value 10s.; and 1 key, value 1d., the goods of 



Hector Henderson.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ANN HENDERSON
. I am the daughter of Mrs. Norris, of Unionplace, Lambeth. I was staying with her in May last—the prisoner was her servant—while I was there I lost nine pairs of sheets, twenty-four towels, and a variety of articles, as stated in the indictment—I am the wife of Hector Henderson—the things were kept in my father's room—the prisoner had access to the room—I missed the key of the box where the things were—it was taken off my ring—I saw her searched, and heard something drop from her, and found it was my key.





JAMES WILD
. I am a policeman. In consequence of information I took the prisoner into custody at Deptford fair—I told her I took her for robbing her mistress—she said she acknowledged having the linen, but knew nothing of the jewellery—I produce a key of the linen chest which was given to me, and a pair of kid gloves which were taken from her.





JOSEPH PARKER
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a gold brooch pawned at my shop, on the 10th of April, by the prisoner for 8s.—I made particular inquiry whether it was her own—I am certain of her—I have one sheet, pawned by her, which related to another indictment.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence (written.) "I have a mother in great distress, with five children—my family are respectable, and I always bore a good character—when the prosecutrix accused me of the crime, she promised me forgiveness—I have paid her for part of the things, and my friends have offered to pay her for the rest."




GUILTY
 Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(The prosecutrix stated the prisoner had previously robbed her to a large amount, and she had forgiven her.)

Before Mr. Baron Parke.

