







1381. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FLETCHER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROGERS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     CHRISTOPHER 
                     ANGIER
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of June
, 1 silk handkerchief, value 1s. 9d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Gregory
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 8th of June I was going home, and saw the three prisoners together, looking into an oil-shop window in Norton-falgate; Angier went into the shop, he then came out, and they all went away; I went into the oil-shop, and then followed them - they went on towards Shoreditch church, and looked into a watch-maker's shop; Angier went in there and came out - then they went to another shop; I followed them down Church-street, Bethnal-green - they all three tried the door of an undertaker's-shop; they went on to a clothes-shop, and went into the passage, one after the other; I still followed them, and at last I saw Angier go into Gregory's shop, the other two stood outside - Angier came out again; I went in and asked Mrs. Gregory if she missed any thing - she then looked, and said she had; I went and took them - they were altogether, resting their hands on their hands on some butts - Rogers walked away when he saw me, and I followed him; he ran, I made a spring and jumped on his back - I took off his hat, and found this handkerchief in it; my partners took the others - they searched them at a public-house, they had no money.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. How long have you been in the Police? A. From the beginning of it; I had taken a great many thieves before; the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions has not refused to take any case on my representation; I was not ordered out of Court the other day - I was not accused of buying cotton handkerchiefs, and charging boys with stealing them; I was not in my Police dress when these prisoners were taken - I was then off duty - I saw them go into shops and ask the price of things; I found nothing on Angier.


                  THOMAS 
                  FARRANT
               



            . I was in company with Hobbs, and saw what he states; we followed them for four hours - they went into twenty or thirty shops.
Rogers. Q. Out of the number of shops you state we entered, have you one person to prove it? A. No.


                  CHARLES 
                  THOROGOOD
               



            . I am a constable of the City. I saw the three prisoners, in company with another person, between eleven and twelve o'clock - I afterwards saw them followed by the witnesses, and we took them; they made great resistance, Angier in particular - I ran above half a mile after him.
JEREMIAH GIDNEY. I am street-keeper of Aldgate. I was on duty at four o'clock in the afternoon on the 8th of June - I saw a number of persons at the end of Burr-street - I stood a few minutes, and heard a cry of Stop thief! called; I saw Angier running with a large stone in his hand - I insisted upon his stopping; he would not, and I struck him with my cane; he dropped the stone, and I caught him - he got from me, and two labourers stopped him.
Cross-examined. Q. How many days' expenses do you expect for this? A.Seven days.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  GREGORY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Gregory
               



            , he is a haberdasher
, and lives in High-street, Wapping


. I did not see either of the prisoners come into my shop, but I had occasion to leave it, and then the officer came in and asked if I missed any thing; this is my husband's handkerchief - it had been in the middle of the window.
Cross-examined. Q.How many persons serve in the shop? A.Only my husband and I; this had been safe half an hour before - no one was at home but me.
Rogers. Q. How many handkerchiefs of that pattern had you sold? A. The whole piece but this; I can swear this is the one - we mark all handkerchiefs of the sameprice with the same mark, and they would remain marked.
Fletcher's Defence. I am innocent.
Rogers put in a written Defence, stating that he had purchased the handkerchief of a shipmate; that he had merely asked the others the way to the docks, but was not in their company.
FLETCHER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
ROGERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
ANGIER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
