







1312. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  LASHAM
               




            , 
               
                  HENRY 
                  LEE
               




            , and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     NORTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of May
, 27 yards of printed calico, value 14s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Leigh
                  




               
            .
JAMES LEIGH. I am a linen-draper
 and live in the King's-road, Chelsea


. On the 20th of May, between twelve and one o'clock in the day, my neighbour came and asked if I had lost any thing: I looked at the door, and missed a piece of printed cotton of twenty-seven yards - I ran out along the road, and saw the cotton thrown over the palings of a garden, within three or four doors of my house; I did not stop to look particularly at it, but ran on, and asked the prisoner Norton, who was then thirty or forty yards from my shop, if he had seen any one take the linen - I still ran on, and a person told me, the person who had thrown the print over the palings, was the first of two persons who were still on before me; they were all walking - I cannot say whether Lee was one or not, but Lasham was the person who was first; I ran on to him, tapped him on the shoulder, and said I wanted to speak to him - I brought him back to where the print was laying, and then, as I had not hold of him, he darted furiously from me, ran back again in the direction I had brought him, and knocked down two or three persons; he was stopped in a few minutes and brought back to my shop, where I gave him to the constable: this print is mine.
WILLIAM PLYM. I am a stationer, and live next door to the prosecutor. Between twelve and one o'clock I saw Lasham, and two others whom I could not swear to, near his shop - I thought they were waiting for some person: I saw Lasham put his face close to the glass, as if to see if there was any one in the shop - the other two persons wereon the other side of my shop door; I then saw Lasham ran past my shop, twisting the cotton round his arm - the other two ran with him; I told the prosecutor of it - the cotton I saw afterwards appeared to me to be the same.


                  JAMES 
                  JERVIS
               



            . I am a coach-maker, and live in the King's-road. I saw Lasham throw the print over the palings; the other two were then six or seven yards before him - I am sure the other two prisoners are the persons who were with him; I did not see any of them run till Lasham was taken the first time.


                  SAMSON 
                  DARKIN CAMPBELL
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I took the other two prisoners, from the description given of them, as I knew they were companious of Lasham - I found them in company together outside Tothill-fields; I took hold of Norton and said, "I want you;" he said, "It was hot me took the print, it was Lasham:" I said, "You were all in company;" he said, "We had not been together above two hours:" I had not said any thing to them about the print, but I knew them perfectly well as companions.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Norton's Defence. I said I knew nothing about it, but it might have been Lasham, as I heard he was in custody for it.
Lasham's Defence. I most solemnly assure you the evidence is grossly false - I know nothing at all of the robbery; I had not been out of my father's house ten minutes, and was going to my brother's, in the same road, when the prosecutor came and look me - he was going to give me to the Policeman, and I ran away.
LASHAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
LEE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
NORTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
