



1501. 




WILLIAM ASGILL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of June, 2 saws, value 10s., the goods of 




Joseph Humphrys.






JOSEPH HUMPHRYS
. I am a wheelwright, and live in Prince's-street, Portland-market On the 1st of June I went out about nine o'clock and returned about eleven—I missed my rule, a plane, and two saws, from the shop; I had seen them safe about nine o'clock, when I left—I left nobody in the shop, it was locked up—my granddaughter was playing in the market—in consequence of information, I gave the prisoner in charge of Johnson, a beadle, who gave him to a policeman immediately.





THOMAS GREEN
. I am a police-sergeant. I was at the station-house when the prisoner was brought there by Johnson—Humphrys came with him—after he was gone the prisoner was locked up, and about an hour afterwards I heard a thumping at the station-house door—I went and asked him what was the matter—he said, "Will you be so kind as to send for the gentleman who charged me, and I will tell him where the saw as are?" (I had not said a word to him) I said, "Where are they?"—he said they were in the carcase of one of the unfinished houses on the green, near the station-house—I said, "Where there?"—he said, "Up one of the chimneys"—I went and told the constable, and we both went and searched for the saws, in the carcases, but could not find them—I came back and took the prisoner there—he then pointed out place where they were, and I found the two saws up the chimney.
(Property produced and sworn to.)





AMBROSE CHANNER
. I am a policeman. I went with Green to look for the saws, and found them up the chimney, by getting up a ladder.

Prisoner's Defence. I was walking along Portland-market on Wednesday, and saw a boy looking out of a window at a wheelwright's—I said, "what are you doing there?"—he said, "Here are some goods saws if you like to have them"—he came out and hid them up the chimney, and showed me the place.





JOSEPH HUMPHRYS

re-examined. When I returned, the premises were not forced open—there was a space between the door and door-post that he might get through.




GUILTY
, ** Aged 11.—


Transported for Seven Years


Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

