



2207. 




GIDLEY LEWIS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
6th of October, 40 yards of silk, value 9l. 2s.; 14 handkerchiefs, value 3l. 6s.; 3 veils, value 4l.; and 8 years of damask, value 1l.; the goods of 



Charles Warwick, and another, his masters.






CHARLES WARWICK
. I have one partner. We are manufactures of a great variety of articles, principally silks and gauze—our warehouse is at No. 127, Cheapside, and our manufactory, in Glasgow—the prisoner was our warehouseman and town-traveller, from December 1831, to the 13th of October—he had access to our property at all times—he was quite a confidential man—I had hm apprehended in consequence of missing property.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you known him before he came into your service? A. I had seen him, but not spoken to him—I received a character with him—I had another partner in 1831, which was J. Wilkins—he left, I think, in May, 1832—I do not know where any of the articles refer to as late a period as 1831.





JOHN ROE
. I am an officer. The prisoner was given into my custody on the 13th of October—I searched him, and found two duplicates, which led us to two different pawnbrokers.





CHARLES COLEY
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Norfolk-place, Lower-road, Islington. I produce three handkerchiefs which were pawned on the 22nd of August, by the prisoner, with a pair of trowsers.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you are in the habit of receiving a great variety of articles? A. Not a great variety—I took them in myself, and recollect that the prisoner pawned them—the ticket is in my own handwriting—I never saw him before, nor since, till he was in custody—he might be five or ten minutes there.





JAMES CLOTHIER
. I live with Mr. Rochford, in Brewer-street, a pawnbroker. I have one veil and two handkerchiefs, pawned in the name of George Lewis—I cannot say by whom, but this is the counter—duplicate which I gave the person.





WILLIAM HENRY BAYFIELD
. I produce six handkerchiefs which were pawned by the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you receive them yourself? A. Yes; on the 30th of September—I have a recollection of his person—I have seen him repeatedly.





EDMUND JULIUS SUTTON
. I am a pawnbroker. I have two silk gown-pieces—

the last was pledged by the prisoner—I cannot say positively about the other. Cross-examined. Q. Did you know him? A. No. not before; it was pledged on the 6th of October—I recollect him perfectly well.





GEORGE ATTENBOROUGH
. I live with my uncle, a pawnbroker. I produce eight yards of silk which were brought by the prisoner—I questioned him—he ran away, and left the silk behind—I have had it ever since.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen him before? A. No; but I know he had pledged at our house before—I did not know his person, but I knew the name well which he gave me—he was in our shop about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—I swear he is the person.





GEORGE MACKIE
. I am assistant to a pawnbroker. I produce seventeen handkerchiefs and a veil, pawned, I believe, by the prisoner.





GEORGE COLLETT
. I live at No. 1, Marlborough-street. I produce a silk gown piece—I cannot swear positively to the prisoner, but I have not the least doubt it was him who pawned them,





JAMES COOK
. I have a gown-piece, three handkerchiefs, and a veil,—the gown-piece was pledged by the prisoner—I do not know who pledged the others.

Cross-examined. Q. How long ago was that? A. On the 13th of December last—I recollect him, from previous transactions with him.

MR. WARWICK. I have looked at these articles, and have not the least doubt they are mine.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know them? A. This piece of goods is known by the number 10336—I have carefully examined our books, and I can swear it has not been sold—no other house makes this width—there are other persons who sell goods in the shop—my books are not here—here are some articles which have our name on them—it is quite impossible to swear they have not been sold—I can say so with them all—I have also a large bag containing about fifty articles from other persons.

Prisoner's Defence. I am a most unfortunate man, by serious circumstances reduced to this situation—I have been in a respectable situation in Gutter-lane, for nearly twenty years—I became a bankrupt—I passed my last examination—the party who struck the docket would not grant the certificate—I took a situation—the creditors came on me one after another, arrested me, and compelled me to pay so much per month, so that I have often paid beyond my salary 4l. or 5l.—my wife has been ill—I have established nearly the whole of this gentleman's town trade—I would ask him, whether he has not derived the greatest benefit from my exertions—I am all over sores through getting excessively hot, and then drinking something cold—I leave myself to your mercy.
(David Stubb, assistant to a Manchester warehouseman, in Star-court, Bread-street; Mary Brown Mary Drake, and John Marshall, a drysalter, of Gracechurch-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 41.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
There were two other indictments against the prisoner by the same prosecutor, for robberies to a very large amount.
