





1178. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of May
, 1 fender, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Humphries
                  




               
            .
JAMES HUMPHRIES. I am an ironmonger
, and live in Gee's-court, Oxford-street


. On the 22nd of May I saw the prisoner looking at a fender outside my house - I was engaged, and could not go out then; when I had served my customer, and went to the door, the prisoner was going away, with it under her arm - she had gone ten or twenty yards; I asked what she was going to do with it - she said she had bought it, and was going to take it home; I said, "You have taken it from my house;" she denied it, and would not let it go.
Prisoner. I took it in my hand with no intention of stealing it; I had got very much intoxicated, and took the fender - the prosecutor came and took me, and so did the Police-man: I lost a half-sovereign out of my hand between them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a Police-man, and took the prisoner - she was not sober, but knew what she was about- it was about two o'clock.
JAMES HUMPHRIES re-examined. I suppose she had got at least ten yards; she had the fender under her arm- she walked pretty well, but from her language I think she was more tipsy than any thing else, as I told the Police-man. GUILTY.
The indictment further charged that the prisoner had before been convicted of felony.
- LINNEY. I was present at her trial on the 9th of July, 1828; she was found guilty of stealing two decanters, the goods of Benjamin Brooks, and was confined one month in the House of Correction - I am certain she is the person: I produce a certificate of her conviction.
Prisoner. He is a false-swearing enemy to me - turn him out of Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
