



1529. 





JAMES BARNES
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.


MESSRS. CLARKSON and DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






DANIEL STAIGHT
. I carry on the business of an ivory and pearl worker in Charles-street, Hatton-garden, The prisoner was in my employ some years, off and on—about March last I was attacked with illness, and was not able to attend to my business—it was the prisoner's duty to serve customers in my shop, and receive the money, and account for it—when I was ill it was him duty to account to Mrs. Staight and to enter such sums—here is the cash-book—he has not accounted for 1l. 16s. 6d. on the 10th of March. as received from Mr. Balls; nor for 17s. 4d. from Mr. Vincent on the 9th of April; not for 1l. 18s. from Mr. Vincent on the 18th—there are no such entries—the entries in this book are his writing.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you never receive money from him without its being in the book? A. When I have been in the shop, but I begged him to enter every thing he sold in the shop, and these

things are not entered—my wife did not receive money from different people—she was chiefly in the country waiting on me—Mr. Vincent was not in my employment—I have entrusted him with things to sell—he has not acted as a person employed by me—this is the book in which the accounts ought to be entered of what the prisoner sold in the shop—there are no entries of monies received since the 20th of May—I know Mr. Simmonds, by coming for work to my shop I asked her if she had paid the prisoner 3s. she said she had, but afterwards she said she had not—I have never asked Herbert Edkins to go out with Vincent, and not lose sight of him for fear he should rob me—I certainly have got an open account with Vincent, and he is at this time indebted to me—I have entrusted him with goods to sell—he has returned what he has not sold, and he money for the others, but he has not always done that—I keep no stock book—I do not Know that I ever did take stock—when I was ill money has been brought on Saturday night to my country night to my country-house at Hornsey—it has been paid to my wife—I have not received monies on Saturday night which I know was not entered—I had no other servant who received money, and did set enter it—it was not the practice to bring the book to me—I did not receive money from the prisoner, and I myself enter it in the book afterwards—the prisoner ought to enter every thing he received in that book.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. It was the duty of the prisoner to enter in this book the amounts of those monies he received over the counter? A. Yes; when I was ill it was his duty to account to my wife, and when she came to me she brought down money sometimes—he has never entered these monies nor told me he had received them, nor paid them to me.





MARY STAIGHT
. I am the prosecutor's wife. In March and April my husband was ill at Hornsey—the prisoner was employed to receive monies over the counter, and this book is kept to enter the read money accounts—it was his duty to enter an account of every thing he received—he has not accounted to me for 1s. 16s. 6d. received from Mr. Balls, on the 10th of March, nor for the two sums received from Mr. Vincent.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you always in town? A. No I came up about twice a-week—money was not brought down on Saturday—Barnes came down sometimes once a-week—he would sometimes bring down four or five sovereigns—and when I came to town on the Saturday we settled the accounts—I never received one shilling from him but what was entered in that book—I never booked any thing myself—I have never revived money and not struck it out of the book—I do not remember Mr. William Simmonds being applied to for an account, and saying he said it to me—only one half-sovereign, that was the day before yesterday—no monies were ever paid to me between the 10th of March and the 18th of April—and no monies were ever paid to me without the book being produced, and it appearing that they were entered—Barnes did not bring the book when he brought the four or five sovereigns—I swear that when I went to town the accounts were gone through once a week, and the monies settled with what was in the book.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you charged at the office with having prosecuted this man to keep him away from being a witness against your husband? A. Yes.





WILLIAM VINCENT
. I was a customer of Mr. Staight's and am an Ivory dealer, and have sold things for Mr. Staight on commission—there is an account between us now—he never charged me with having robbed

him—on the 9th of April, I paid 17s. 4d. to the prisoner on account of his master for ivory leaves, and on the 18th of April 1l. 18s. for goods—these are the bills I had from the prisoner, and the receipts he gave.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you been employed by Mr. Staight, to sell goods on his account and receive money? A. No; I have not acted as his servant—when I had ivory of him I had a bill from him—I took money for myself, not for him—I do owe him some money now—he has never charged me with robbing him—I swear that these receipts are the prisoner's hand-writing—a man of the name of Herbert Edkins has been sent to carry ivory leaves for me—he was in Mr. Staight's employ, and he went about with me when selling my own goods—I mean that I have bought goods of Mr. Staight, and he has sent his man about with me to see how I disposed of them—I was not employed by Mr. Staight to sell them.





THOMAS BALLS
. I was in the habit of dealing with Mr. Staight. On the 10th of March, I purchased goods to the amount of 1l. 16s. 9d., which I paid the prisoner—he gave me this receipt on the bill.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was the prisoner? A. In Mr. Staight's parlour—I and Mr. Barnes were there.

Prisoner's Defence. I have worked for my prosecutor very nearly eleven years. I have left him two or three times, and he charges me with embezzlement—I think he has done it, as I was subpœnaed on a trial against him—he wanted me to speak against the man I was subpœnaed by—I told him I would speak the truth—on that account I spoke to Mr. Vincent, and I said I hoped the right party would gain it, meaning the other man, as I considered he was in the right—he told Mr. Staight of it, and when he found I would still speak the truth he behaved to me in a very shabby manner—treated me with silence and contempt altogether—on the Saturday night I said, "I should like to know what it is I have done to offend you? you have treated me in such a manner, that it is impossible for me to stop"—he said, "You have spoken against me, you have said this and that and the other"—I said, "Bring the people forwards, "but being Saturday night, it was too late then—and he spoke about an account in 1835, which was money received by me for men's wages, and money I had borrowed of him—on the Monday I went away to finish two or three pounce-boxes which I had to do—he came to town, and sent for me, and said, "Why did you not finish the knives?"—I said I could not find them—I then did the knives, and said I would go home and finish the pounce-boxes, and bring them, and settle my account with him—he said he would not settle it without I gave him a copy of my book—I did—he said it was of on service, and went up to Hatton-garden, so compel me to deliver up the book which I had in my possession, and the next day he took out this warrant—and I can declare I delivered every farthing I received to him, or his wife—he had a friend to be in the shop, and about the place, on purpose to see what customers came in while he was ill—I believe I can prove that there was an account between Mr. Vincent and Staight, which was never settles—and Mr. Staight said, "Do not leave Vincent in the shop one moment without some one is there"—if I had occasion to go out, Mr. Staight's son was there, and Mr. Balls had an account with Mr. Staight—and when he came for what he had, he said, "Do not inter that, for I am going to pay for it"—hid account was always entered in the large book, and not in thin small one—and you will

find his account there every farthing I received for Mr. Staight—so help me God I have paid him.





RICHARD BAYLISS
. I took the prisoner, he came and gave himself up to me voluntarily—my brother officer had been after him

COURT
to
DANIEL STAIGHT. Q. Did you ever ask the prisoner to speak against the person who subpœnaed him for a witness? A. No—he went away of his own accord—that after no quarrel of dispute.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Before he left you did you speak to him about making up his accounts? A. Yes, I could not get him to bring them—he said he would go home and make them up, and come the following day—he came the next day without them.

Prisoner. That account has nothing to do with this account.





WILLIAM HERBERT WELLS
. I am an ivory-turner. I was once in the employ of Mr. Staight—I have known the prisoner three years, or three years had a half—I never knew any thing amiss of him—I am acquainted with Mr. Staight's mode of keeping accounts—I used to keep them partially myself been paid or not—I left three years and a half ago—but I have been there since from a year and a half to two years.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you discharged from Mr. Staight for misconduct? A. No, I left him of my own accord, and was obliged to summon him for a balance due to me.





WILLIAM SIMMONDS
. I have had dealings with Mr. Staight for service years, I know of mistakes in his accounts—that was proved last Wednesday, because he had got an account against me, which Mrs. Staight had received the money for, and my wife can prove it—I have been there repeatedly, and paid money to the prisoner which has been paid to Mr. Staight, and not entered in any book.





HEREBRT EDKINS
. I was in the employ of Mr. Staight. I used to go about with Mr. Vincent, by Mr. Staight's direction, to keep a sharp look out upon him, that he did not sell any leaves and not return the money—I was discharged by Mr. Staight in January last.
(Mr. Pike, of Charles-street, Hatton-garden; Thomas Bodger, of Kirby-street; Mr. Kemble, a mathematical-instrument-maker, of Charles-street; James Gibson of Charles-street; Henry Smith, a butcher, of Leather-lane and Charles Roberts, of Randor-street; gave the prisoner a good character




GUILTY
. Aged 25—


Transported for Seven Years.
There were two other indictments against the prisoner.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

