





426. 




CHARLES MILES
, 




ROBERT SHEPHERD
, and 



JAMES SNELLING
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
14th of December, 18 yards of printed cotton, value 11s., the goods of 



John Lawrence.






EBENEZER MARRIOTT
. I am a boot and shoemaker, and live at No.2, Princes-street, Portman-market. I know Mr. Lawrence's shop—he is a linen draper in New Church-street—on Thursday evening, the 14th of December, about half-past nine o'clock, I was passing his shop, and I saw the prisoner Miles looking in at the window—Shepherd and Snelling were standing together at the corner of Carlisle-street, about a dozen yards off, talking together—I then went into a baker's shop two doors off, and when I came out of that shop I saw Miles taking some prints from inside the shop door, which was open—he ran to Shepherd and Snelling, who stood at the corner, and gave the things to Shepherd—Miles and Shepherd then ran down Carlisle-street—Snelling passed Mr. Lawrence's shop, looked in at the door, and passed along—I ran in and gave information to Mr. Lawrence—Sudell ran out after them, but did not overtake them—I am quite sure of the other two prisoners.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Snelling went in a different direction? A. Yes, and walked off.


COURT. Q. Did Snelling tee Miles deliver the goods to Shepherd? A. Yes.





HENRY SUDELL
. I am shopman to Mr. John Lawrence, a linen-draper. Marriott alarmed me—I looked, and missed immediately two pieces of printed cotton from the door, nine yards each—I had seen them safe about a quarter past nine o'clock—I know the prisoners Shepherd add Snelling—I had seen them before the window before the alarm, walking past and looking in—they walked backwards and forwards two or three times, and looked in—that was about a quarter or half an hour before Marriott Alarmed me—when he gave me information I pursued Miles, but did not overtake him—I did not see him till he was at the station-house.





JOHN RYAN
. I am a policeman. I took Miles up on the 16th of December, two or three days after the robbery—I found him in the back buildings of 42, Pell-street, in bed—I made him dress himself and get up—I told him his father was looking for him, and when I got him out into the street, I asked him where the prints were which he took from Church-street—he said, "What prints?"—I said, "Cotton prints"—he said he had taken none—I took him to the station-house, and got the witness, who pointed out Miles, and said he was the one who took them—he made no reply—on the 29th I saw Shepherd go into a baker's shop—I said, "Halloo Shepherd, is that you?"—he made no answer—I said, "Is not your name Shepherd?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "I want you for receiving two cotton prints from Miles, on the 14th of the month"—he said he knew nothing of it.





THOMAS LEWCOCK
. I am a policeman. I apprehended Snelling, and took him to the station-house—I there told him I wanted him concerning a robbery in New Church-street, which Miles was in custody for—he said he did not commit the robbery, that Miles did—that he was talking to Shepherd at the corner of Church-street—that Miles took the things and gave them to Shepherd, and Miles and Shepherd went one way and he the other.

Miles's Defence. I am innocent—I never had the property, and I know nothing of Snelling—I know Shepherd by sleeping in the same house with him.

Shepherd's Defence. I met Snelling in the street, and said, "I have had nothing to eat since dinner"—he gave me 3d., and then went to get something for his supper—I turned down the street and bought something for my supper, and went home and went to bed.

MILES—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—



Confined One Year.

SHEPHERD*—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

SNELLING—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

