



354. 




MICHAEL CASON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of December, 1 piece of handkerchiefs, value 30s., the goods of 



Jeremiah Woods.—2nd COUNT. For stealing 6 1/2 yards of silk.






SIMON WOODS
. I am the brother of Jeremiah Woods, a hosier, living in Bond-street. About twelve o'clock in the morning of the 13th of December, the prisoner came to the shop, and asked for flannel waistcoats and shirts, which I showed him, at about 14s. each—he asked for some about 7s. 6d., and said they would do—I packed up two waistcoats and two shirts, by his direction—I was to carry them to No. 28, Hyde-park-corner, I think—he gave me the name of—Morton, Esq.—he then left the shop—he had stood close by the window in the shop, and this piece of silk handherchiefs was in the window near him—I took the parcel myself, and looked first in Oxford-street, to find No. 28, Hyde-park-corner—then crossed the park, but could find no No. 28, in Park-terrace or street—he had not paid for the goods—I returned home—it was then dark—I went to the window in consequence of what Mr. Woods said, and this piece of handkerchiefs was gone—they were worth 31s. 6d.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Has the property been found? A. Yes—Mr. Woods is not here—I left him in the shop alone—I saw the property again about three days afterwards—I had seen them in the window that morning—I put them in myself about a quarter past nine o'clock—this happened before twelve o'clock.





WILLIAM GRAVES
. I am a policeman. On the 13th of December, about half-past one o'clock in the day, I saw a mob running in Lower Berkeley-street—they were crying, "Stop thief"—the prisoner was running from the mob—he crossed the Edgeware-road into Connaught-square, and I stopped him—he said, "Let me go; I have done nothing"—I said, "Then you need not be afraid"—in a few minutes, a young man came up with a bundle in his hand, and said in his presence, "I give this man into your custody; he has been at our shop obtaining goods under false pretences"—I took him to the station-house—on searching him, I found these four handherchiefs in his pocket, and three all in a piece, in the crown of his hat.





SIMON WOODS

re-examined. These seven handkerchiefs are what I lost, I am certain.

Cross-examined. Q. What mark have you? A. Being hung in the window, I can swear to this fold—I have no private mark—I know the particular fold which they are folded in—nobody else in London has got such a pattern, except the people we buy them of, or we should know it—they are made by Burrows, of Watling-street—he is a very large manufacturer—he may make such for hundreds, but if any body else had them, we should be sure to have heard of it—they are printed to a particular order of ours, and he has made a vow, and promised us he will not make for any body else without letting us know it—I have no other mark than the fold—it is the way any body else would fold it—I can swear to it—I have my own reason for swearing to it—nobody else has the handkerchiefs.


JURY. Q. Is it not usual to put a private mark on it? A. Not on silk handkerchiefs; we do not.

Prisoner's Defence. The day I went into the shop I had four handkerchiefs ordered by one of my customers, Mr. Morton, of 228, Hyde-park-corner. I had not the handkerchiefs, and went for them—he was to sail for Ireland next day, and I was to go and get them, and to select for him two night-shirts and waistcoats. I went to the gentleman's shop, and asked him if he had any flannel waistcoats—he showed me some. I asked for night-shirts; the gentleman who sent me for the order told me to get large ones—the gentleman had not them long enough—he produced some—I told him to take them to Morton, 228, Hyde-park-corner. Mrs. Williams, his cousin, was to sail to Ireland with him, and she told me to select two shawls for her and her sister. I went to Redmond's in Bond-street, selected some, and told him the woman would meet him at 229, Oxford-street. On my way, in going to take the handkerchiefs to the gentleman, I met a gentleman with the parcel, I said, "Did you take the shawls to the lady?"—He said, "No, for there is no lady there." I said, "Come with me, I will take you to where the lady is." I took him to the place, and asked if Mrs. Williams had called. The servant said, "No;" he was so enraged with me, I wished him to go where Mrs. Williams lived; but he gave me in charge of the policeman, who asked if he had got the shawls—he said, "I don't choose to be humbugged in this way." The policeman said, "I shall not take him without some charge." I wished to go to the station-house—the policeman refused to let me take hold of his arm to get out of the crowd—they were ill-using me. Somebody said, "Run away—don't be ill-used in this way." I ran away, and this man ran after me, calling "Stop thief!" The next policeman came up with the witness, and I was glad to throw myself into his hands.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
