



638. 



WILLIAM TUCKER
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging on the 
5th of December, an order for 4l., with intent to defraud 



George Paul Fletcher and another.—2nd COUNT, for uttering the same with a like intent.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM ARROWSMITH
. I am foreman to Mr. Fletcher, a military tailor, of Bond-street. On the 5th of December the prisoner came then and asked if we worked for Mr. Bennett, the Member for Wiltshire?—I told him we did not—he said he had been dining with him, and he had recommended him to the shop—we have no transactions with Mr. Bennett, and I told the prisoner so—he ordered a black frock coat first, which I showed him the cloth for—he then ordered some other things—there was a read made cloak in the shop—he said, "By the by, have you such a thing as a cloak in the house?"—I showed him that one—he put it on and said be liked it very much indeed; it was just the thing he wanted—Mr. Fletcher told him it was 4l.—the prisoner said he would give a cheque for the amount—he asked for some paper, and wrote this cheque which I have here—he gave it me and took his departure with the cloak on—I saw him taken into custody on the 21st of January—I saw a pocket-book and some duplicates found on him—he gave the name of William Tucker—(chequeread.)

"London, Dec. 5th, 1835. Messrs. Herries and Co., pay Mr. Fletcheror bearer the sum of four pounds. Henry J. Adney."





GEORGE PAUL FLETCHER
. I am a tailor, and live in Bond-street. I have one partner—I was rung down into the shop on the evening of the 5th of December, between five and six o'clock—I saw the prisoner there, and a list of clothes which had been ordered by him—he had the cloak on his shoulders—he wished to take it, and wished to give a cheque—I told him it was 4l.—he gave me this cheque, which he wrote in my presence, in the name of Henry J. Adney.





HENRY HANCE
. I am cashier at Messrs. Herries We have no person of the name of Adney keeps cash there—the cheque was presented to me. and this is my memorandum on it, "Drawer not known."





WILLIAM THOMAS MATTHEWS
 (police-constable C 92.) I took prisoner on the evening of the 21st of January, in a public-house, in St. John's Lane, Smithfield—I knew him before—his name is William Tucker; and he gave that name at the station-house, and before the Magistrate—I found in his pocket-book an admission as a solicitor in the Court of Chancery, in the name of William Tucker.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Life.
There was a similar indictment against the prisoner to which he pleaded

GUILTY.
