






1335. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               




             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BENNETT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of June
, 1 snuffbox, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Philip 
                           Phillips
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  THOROGOOD
               



            . On the 18th of June I was at the Royal Exchange, about half-past eleven o'clock - I saw the two prisoners following several gentlemen at different times; I then saw them and another person follow Mr. Phillips out of the Royal Exchange into Threadneedle-street


, and at the end of the New England coffee-house I saw the other lad pass sometimes to one of the two prisoners; they were all three in company, and close to the prosecutor - I saw Brown then run away; I pursued him into Bartholomew-lane, near the Auction-mart - I called Stop thief! and he turned round; I was close upon him, and took him - I put my hand into his righthand trousers pocket, and said, "What have you got here?" - he said an old box which he had picked up in the road; I took this box out of his pocket - it was then about half-past one o'clock; I suppose the other two had gone another road - I had seen the three together for several days; I am quite sure the prisoners were two of them.
PHILIP PHILLIPS. This box is my property; I had it about me at the Royal Exchange, on the 18th of June - it is worth about 40s.
Brown. Q.Might it not have fallen from your pocket? A.It is not very likely - it was in my inside coat pocket, inside the flap of my coat; there was nothing else in the pocket.
Brown's Defence. I was coming along Throgmorton-street, and picked it up where the men were paving; two or three men saw me pick it up - the officer called; I took it out, and showed it to him.
Bennett's Defence. I had been looking after the omnibusses in the City; the officer took me three days afterwards.


                  CHARLES 
                  THOROGOOD
               



             re-examined. They were looking after different gentlemen; they were about the prosecutor's person for five minutes, and followed him ten yards; I did not see Bennett touch the prosecutor.
JURY. Q. Do you know what became of Bennett at the time? A. I do not; I took him on the Monday following at a house in Moor-lane.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BENNETT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
