






1697. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     NORA 
                     GARVER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of September
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 4 half-crowns, 5 shillings, and 2 sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Anderson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am a baker
. I went to a house in St. Giles'


, on Saturday night, the 11th of September, between eleven and twelve o'clock, with the two prisoners, whom I had met in the street; I then had my money and watch in my pocket, and lost it - I took off my trousers; I had 16s. in half-crowns and shillings in them - neither of the prisoners were then in the room; I never got my money since - I am sure I had it when I went into that room.


                  HENRY 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the Sunday morning I took the two prisoners for being drunk and disorderly, between six and seven o'clock - I took them to the station-house, and found on Green this watch; they had no money, except one shilling - Green ran away, and I went and caught her with the watch.


                  JAMES 
                  COBBINGS
               



            . At half-past twelve o'clock on Sunday morning, the prosecutor said he had been robbed, and described the room - I went there and found this key, which is the key of his trunk; he described the persons - I knew them, and told him to come down at five or six o'clock; Curtis brought in the two prisoners, who were drunk and had been fighting about the watch - they accused one another of having it; the prosecutor said he had given Garver 3s. for the room; she rented it of Mr. Grant, Lawrence-lane, St. Giles'.


                  JAMES 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . This is my watch - the prisoners were both in the room all the time I was there; they blew out the light, and ran away together.
Green's Defence. On Saturday night I heard a scuffle in the passage - I went for a light, and saw this young woman bleeding; she said she had had a tremendous blow with a pot - I took her to a doctor; coming back I picked up this watch in the passage - if the gentleman had returned I would have given it to him, but he did not; the door was locked, which it never was before - he said he could not swear to us.
Garver's Defence. He could not swear we were the two girls who robbed him, but he went with us; he was very much in liquor, and gave me a blow on the head.
GREEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
GARVER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
