





1617. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of August
, 10 shirts, value 18s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 2s. 6d.; 1 waistcoat, value 2s.; 1 jacket, value 3s. 6d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 3s.; 1 cap, value 2s. 6d., and 2 handkerchiefs, value 3s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Rothwell
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ROTHWELL
               



            . I am a Chelsea pensioner
. I took my passage on board the Caroline for New South Wales; I packed up the articles stated in the indictment in my trunk - a man named Ecclesby fetched the prisoner to carry it to St. Katharine's-dock to be put on board; I saw him in possession of it - I went on board next morning, and found it had not been brought; I went to Ecclesby's house, but did not see the prisoner again till he was in custody - the box was locked, and was found still locked, but the screws are taken out.


                  JOHN 
                  RIDLER
               



            . I am a Policeman. Ecclesby described the prisoner to me; I found him at the General Elliott, Jews'-row, Chelsea - as I brought him by the Coach and Horses public-house, he wanted to go in there, but I would not let him; I took him to the station-house, then returned to the Coach and Horses, and found this trunk - I went and searched the prisoner, and found this duplicate on him; he then owned that he had taken some shirts out of the box, but that he took the box on board, and said Ecclesby knew nothing about it.


                  JOHN 
                  HILLINGWORTH
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker, in King's-road, Chelsea. I took in two parcels of shirts, one of which I am certain the prisoner pawned.


                  GEORGE 
                  HULL
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Thompson, a pawnbroker. I have a shirt, pawned by the prisoner.


                  URIAH 
                  AUSTIN
               



            . I live at the Coach and Horses public-house. The prisoner left this box there when I went to dinner; he said he would call again for it, but did not - I am positive he left it.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
