



328. 




THOMAS LUXTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of December, 1 cloak, value 3l., the goods of 



Robert Graham.






ROBERT GRAHAM
. I am residing in Great Winchester-street, City. On the 15th of December I engaged the prisoner to drive me in a cab from Pool's Hotel near London-bridge, to Smithfield-market—he did so—when

I paid him, and left my cloak in the cab—there was no name on the cloak—I have not seen it since.

Prisoner. I picked up a job at the corner of Smithfield, and saw nothing of any cloak.





HENRY MAZEY
. I am occasionally employed as porter at Pool a Hotel. In consequence of hearing of the loss of this cloak, I looked after the prisoner, and saw him a few days after on Fish-street-hill—I told him the night he had a job from the corner, a gentleman had left a cloak in the cab, and had offered 2l. reward for it—he asked where the gentleman was—I took him to the hotel, and called the waiter out, and the prisoner said he knew where the cloak was, it was in pawn for 1l., and he could always be found at the New Inn, Tottenham-court-road, as the waiter said the gentleman was out of town.

Prisoner. I could not have been sober, for I do not recollect saying any thing of the sort to him. Witness. I do not think he was quite sober he seemed to have been drinking.





WILLIAM MARSHALL
. I am a waiter at Pool's-hotel—I recollect Mazey bringing the prisoner there—he asked me if I knew where the gentleman was who had lost the cloak—I said I believed he was out of town—he said he had the cloak—I asked him where it was—he said he had pawned it for 1l.—I asked him where it was pawned—he said that was best known to himself, and he might be found at the New Inn, Tottenham-court-road—I have not made inquiry there—I believe he was rather intoxicated.

MR. GRAHAM
re-examined. I am certain it could not have fallen out of the cab—I had offered to see a lady off by a coach to Hull, which went from Smithfield, and when I got out to inquire about the coach, at the Golden Lion, Smithfield, I recollect unbuckling my cloak, and throwing it aside, being anxious to get the lady's luggage out; and in about five minutes I missed the cloak, and went to inquire for it—the lady was in the cab—I gave the prisoner 2s.—I was anxious to see the lady off, and left my cloak in the cab—when I missed it I went back to Pool's hotel and said, I would give them two sovereigns if they could find it, and when they saw the prisoner to take the number of his cab.






DANIEL MEALY
. I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner at the Custom-house—his back was towards me—I said, "Your name is Luxton?" he turned and said, "It is"—I said, "Drive me to Tower-street"—I got in, and he jumped in after me—he said, "No, I shall not go that way, I shall go this way; I want to see the gentleman"—I had not mentioned my business—he struggled with me for the reins—I got assistance and the cab was led to the station-house—I asked him if he knew where the gentleman's cloak was, he said, no, he knew nothing about him—he was searched at the station-house, but resisted—I have not inquired at the New Inn—his master is Richard Davis.




GUILTY
—Aged 24. 


Transported for Seven Years.
