





655. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  DREADY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of February
, 1 pepper-castor and top, value 1s.; 3 salt-holders, value 2s. 6d.; 6 wine-glasses, value 3s.; 2 jelly-glasses, value 6d.; 2 ale-glasses, value 6d.; 5 pin-cushions, value 2s. 6d., and 1 toy-basket, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Owen
               




            .
ELIZABETH OWEN. I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Owen
               



             - we live in Redcross-square


. I was attending a person who was ill last Saturday week - I returned home on the 13th, and missed my property, which I had left safe - I knew the prisoner well; I have seen some of the things since.
JAMES TURNER. I keep a shop in the general way.I have some things that were brought to me last Saturday night by a woman - she first came to sell some glasses- I bought them; she then brought some other things -I suspected her, and went to her house in Playhouseyard; I saw the prisoner at the door - he said it was all right; I said, "Is Mr. Simmoas, your landlord?" he said Yes; I went, and saw Mrs. Simmons - she said she dare say it was all right, and she should have bought them; on the Monday the woman came, and said the person wished to have them back - I went out, and found the officer; I produced the things.
JOHN WILLIAM HARRISON. I went to Mr. Simmons' house - I found these glass salts and pin-cushions - I asked the prisoner what he had done with the other things; he took me to Turner's house - he said his brother gave them to him; Mrs. Owen's son gave the prisoner to me.
Prisoner's Defence. On Monday evening I was forced to go for relief, and while I was there a person brought the officer to take me; I said the things were at my place, and my brother had left them to take to a person in St. John's-square - I took the officer to the place.
MRS. OWEN. The prisoner came to lodge in my house the week I was out; his father keeps the house I lodge in - I lost many more articles.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
