





272. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of December
, 6 quires of printed paper, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William Henry 
                     McQueen
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY MCQUEEN
               



            . I live at No. 72, Newman-street. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Carman
               



             is in my service.


                  HENRY 
                  CARMAN
               



            . I live in Foley-street, and am errand-boy to the prosecutor - he is a copper-plate printer
. About six o'clock in the evening, on the 4th of Decemher, he gave me a book, containing 1500 letter-press sheets, to take to Mr. Jewel, a hot-presser, in Peterborough-court, Fleet-street; in going along I set my books down at the corner of Southampton-street, Holborn


 - I turned to look at a person, and when I turned again, I saw the prisoner running away with my books; he had them on his shoulder - I ran after him, and took them from him; I did after that lose sight of him for a moment, but when I saw him again, he was still running - he ran down to Princes-street, where I lost sight of him for about two minutes; I had before that cried Stop thief! and he was stopped by a Policeman, who was but a short distance when the books were taken - I at once knew him to be the same person; they were worth 50s.
Prisoner. You said 5l. at Bow-street. Witness. No, I said I did not know, and master said 50s.


                  FRANCIS 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am a Policeman. About seven o'clock on the night of the 4th of December, I heard Stop thief! called, and saw the prisoner running - a man put his foot out and threw him down, and I took him; he had been running very fast - he begged very hard to be let go; I took him above two hundred yards from where the books were lost.
COURT to 
               
                  HENRY 
                  CARMAN
               



            . Q. How many yards do you think it was before you saw him again after you lost sight of him? A. About a hundred.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been out of work eight months, was walking along Holborn, and this paper stood at the corner of Princes-street - a gentleman respectably dressed asked me to carry it to Southampton-street, he gave me 6d. and I showed it to the Magistrate.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
