





2385. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SIMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of September
, 1 pair of shoes, value 2s.; 1 bonnet, value 3s.; 1 shawl, value 2s.; 1 gown, value 7s.; 1 comb, value 1s., and 8 shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Hambilton
                  




               
            .


                  JANE 
                  HAMBILTON
               



            . I am the wife of Charles Hambilton; I live in Flask-lane, Ebury-street


 - my husband is at sea
. The prisoner slept in the same bed with me; I had known her about one month - she was staying with me - I treated her as a friend; I awoke in the morning, and the whole of my property was gone; I had neither shoes, shawl, nor dress to put on - I lost more things than I have stated; I had not locked up any thing; she had been a servant -I pursued her as soon as I could, but I was obliged to send to my sister's for a dress to put on - she was taken with the whole of my clothes on her except a necklace, and some combs.


                  JAMES 
                  THOMAS HAWES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a shawl, pawned on the 3rd of October, in the name of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Miller
               



             - I do not know by whom.


                  JOHN 
                  HARWICKS
               



             (Police-constable R 143.) I took the prisoner, and found on her a duplicate of the shawl - I found this bonnet, gown, and shoes on her; I found the other property, all but the money.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I first met with her in the House of Correction, and when I came out, she said she would get me into the Refuge, or the Magdalen; then she took me to her lodgings, and we used to go out in the evening.


                  JANE 
                  HAMBILTON
               



            . It is not true; I got into a difficulty with my landlord, and could not pay the fine - I was in the House of Correction, and saw the prisoner there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
