




1302. 




BRIDGET TAYLOR
 and 




MARGARET SPILLMAN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
21st of November, 1 table-cover, value 30s.; 6 knives, value 5s.; 6 forks, value 5s.; and 2 yards of ribbon, value 1s.; the good of 




Robert M'William, Esq., their master.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.





MRS. CHARLOTTE M'WILLIAII
. I am the wife of Mr. Robert M.'William. The prisoners were in our service—Spillman left at the latter end of July last, and I missed property to a large amount—I missed things after Taylor left—among which were six dessert knives and forks, a table cover, and some ribbon—I have since seen the ribbon on a bonnet at the pawnbroker's, and know it to be mine.

Taylor, I would ask her for my character for two years and more. Witness. I thought her an honest young woman.





HENRY ARCHER
. I am shopman to Mr. Benton, a pawnbroker, in Holborn. These dessert knives and forks were pawned at our shop on the 21st of November, 1837, by the prisoner Spillman, for 10s.—she also pawned this table-cover, on the 30th of January, this year.





GEOBOE SOWARD
. I am shopman to Mr. Sowerby, a pawnbroker, I have a bonnet, which was pledged on the 29th of December, by a female—I cannot tell who—it was trimmed as it is now—this is the counterpart of the duplicate I gave for it.





HENRY BUTLER
 (police-constable E 117.) On the 1st of May I apprehended Taylor, in a room at No. 1, Bowl-yard—I saw a box there, which she said was her own, and I might search it—I did so, and found these two duplicates in it—one is for a table-cover, and the other for six knives and forks—I said I did not believe the property belonged to herself—she said it

did—I found the duplicate of the bonnet in a box belonging to Spillman at another house.





MARY QUICK
. I was in the service of Mr. Sharpe, of Conduit-street, Bond-street Last summer I was in Mr. M'William's service at the same time as Taylor—I remember her showing me a dessert-knife, like these, and asking me how I liked them—I said they could not be of much service to her—she told me she had given 3l. for them—she only showed me one of them.

MRS. M'WILLIAM
re-examined. These knives and forks ace mine, and the table-cover also—I believe the prisoners are sisters—they went by the name of Riley in my service.

Taylor. I bought them both.

SPILLMANN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

TAYLOR—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.




Transported for seven years.
