





192. 
               
                  
                     BRIDGET 
                     BRODERIP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, 40 half-crowns, 100 shillings, 80sixpences, and 1 bag, value 2d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Michael 
                           Dwyer
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  MARIA 
                  DWYER
               



            . I am the wife of Michael Dwyer - he keeps the Wellington public-house, Lucas-street, Commercial-road




; it is his dwelling-house. On Friday, the 9th of November, the prisoner came in about two o'clock in the afternoon; she asked for half a pint of beer, and asked me to warm it - I went into the parlour to the warming-pot; I had seen my till safe the instant before, when I gave the prisoner change - when I came back, I observed the till was partly out, but I did not suspect any thing; the prisoner finished her beer, and went away - when she was gone I examined the till, and missed a bag, containing from 12l. to 15l. in silver; I had seen it safe, and had my hand in the bag not a minute before she came in - I sent my pot-boy after her; he could not find her, but she came back in half an hour, and asked if I could get her a customer for a goose - I asked her for my money; she said,"What money?" I said, "The bag of money you took from my till;" she said had I lost a bag of money - I said,"Yes, and you have got it;" I asked her if any one had been at the bar while she was there - she said No; I said,"Then you have got it;" I sent for an officer, who took her - there was a 6d. in it, which I knew; the head was white, and it was black all round it.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. She dealt in poultry, I believe? A. Yes - I had bought things of her; she expressed her astonishment when I charged her with it - she stripped herself, but nothing was found but 2s. 6d. in her pocket; I never told a servant girl that I thought one of Newton's dust-women had it - there was myself and the pot-boy at home, but the pot-boy was not at the bar.


                  SARAH 
                  AMOR
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Amor
               



            , a baker, in Lucas-street. On the 9th of November the pot-boy spoke to me, and in consequence of what he said, I went to my shop door, and saw the prisoner; I said to her, "Mistress, your are wanted at the Wellington;" she said, "Wanted at the Wellington?" I said, "Yes - the lad is in a hurry," but instead of going to the Wellington she went towards Cowdery's field.


                  MARY 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I live in Vinegar-lane. On the 9th of November I saw the prisoner going towards Cowdery's field, between one and two o'clock.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CHESTER
               



            . I am a sail-maker, and live in Union-terrace. On Saturday morning, the 10th of November, I was going to work across Cowdery's field - I saw a shilling; I looked further, and found 3l. 14s. 6d. in silver - I gave it to my master, all but 4s.


                  PETER 
                  DOYLE
               



            . I am Chester's master. He gave me the money to take care of, and said he found it in Cowdery's field.


                  JAMES 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I am a waterman. I went into Cowdery's field, and found a shilling; 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Smith
               



             told me to go - I saw him have eight half-crowns, two shillings, and some sixpences.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OSBORNE
               



             (Police-constable K 66). I was called to the Wellington, and the prisoner was given in charge - she said she was innocent; but in going to the watch-house she seemed flurried, and asked for my hand; I gave it her, and she put half a crown in it, told me to do what I could for her, and she would make it all right.
MRS. DWYER. This sixpence was among the money that was lost.
Cross-examined. Q. Dirty sixpences are not very uncommon? A. I have had it three or four months - it has been repeatedly offered in change, and refused.
Prisoner's Defence. I went for change for a shilling, and asked her to warm me half a pint of beer, which she did - I then came out with the two sixpences she had given me; I then went to a lady's, and received half a crown - I went across Cowdery's field in my way home, but did not go where the money was found - I then returned to the witness, to offer her a goose I had to sell, and she said the boy from the Wellington was looking for me; I went there- I gave the half-crown to the officer to get some beer for us to drink.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
