



451. 




SARAH PRICE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th of January, 3 shifts, value 1s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 1s.; 2 frocks, value 1s.; 4 aprons, value 6d.; 1 shawl, value 6d.; 2 petticoats, value 6d.; I bedgown, value 3d.; I tippet, value 6d.; 1 box, value 3d.; 2 bags, value 6d.; and 1 handkerchief, value 1d.; the goods of 



Isabella Maria Martin.






ISABELLA MARIA MARTIN
. 1 shawl be fifteen years of age in May, Before this happened I lived with Mrs. Eyres, at 45, Ossulston-street—I left her on Saturday the 2nd of January, about one o'clock, and went to the Edgeware-road to look for my father, but could not find him—when it was getting dark, I saw some woman in William-street, and was inquiring of her for a lodging when the prisoner came over—the woman I speaking to spoke to hes, and she asked me where my father was—I told her I had been to see for him in the Edgeware-road, and he was not there—the other woman asked the prisoner if I might go home and stay with her till I got a place—the prisoner said yea, I might, and said, "Come along with me home to my fire, and warm yourself"—I went her to 23, Steven-street, Lisson-grove—there was no other person with me when I went, but there was a person in the room, and she asked me if I would have any being to eat—I took a half-quartern loaf with me, and she said she would boy some bacon; had I any money—I had the remains of two shillings, after buying the loaf, and I gave that to the prisoner—I went the next day and got my trunks from No. 45, Ossulston-street, and took them to her house; and she said, "Have you any thing you can sell to get tea and sugar, as I am very hungry?—I said, I did not know, they might look at my things; but I could not part with above one or two things—she said, "What use is that great trunk to you? your may as well sell it?"—I did sell it, and gave her the money—I then had my clothes left in another trunk; and then they sent me up in the yard and looked over my clothes, and took some—when I came into the room again, they went out directly, and some of my clothes were gone—they came home again about six o'clock in the evening—I asked them where my clothes were—the prisoner said, they were all right, I should have them again; but I had never given her permission to take them—I said, I would not allow her to take any of them, because I should want them when I got a place—we went to bed very soon—she got up at eight o'clock in the morning, and said, "I shall not be long, I am only going to get some tea and sugar"—she went out, and while she was gone, the other woman asked me to let her have my black stockings, and I should be sure to have them again—I let her have them—they came in about nine o'clock, both together—they said, "Go and fetch a penny loaf"—I went out, and when I came back all my things were gone—I waited there till about eleven o'clock—I then came into the passage, and was crying—the lodgers came into the passage, and asked what I was crying about—about four o'clock, a gentleman came in and ill-used me, and attempted to take liberties—I screamed out, and the people in the house opened the door—the policeman had found some of my clothes.

Prisoner. Q. Did you go to pawn a shift and an apron in the neighbourhood?


A. No, I did not; I tried, but could not—I gave them to you, at the top of Church-street—you said you would take them home.

Prisoner. Q. You said they would not take them, and I sold them for 3d. for rags? A. No; never.

COURT. Q. Were these women perfect strangers to you before this happened? A. Yes, they were—I never permitted them to pawn this property—I staid with them from Saturday till Tuesday evening—I did not go away till all my property was gone—I do not know how they got their living—a man came into the room, and took liberties with me.





ANN ALLEN
. I keep a clothes-shop, at No, 11, William-street. The prisoner came to my shop on Monday, at two o'clock—she offered to sell two shifts, a pocket, a pair of white stockings, a white apron, and a coloured apron—I asked her whose they were—she said, "They are mine, to be sure"—she asked me 6d. for them—I offered her 5d.—she came to me the same evening, and brought a gown—I bought that of her—I asked her who it belonged to—she said, had not I seen her wear it—she brought a shawl the same evening—I gave the articles to the policeman.

Prisoner. I brought them to you to sell, you had got the doctor there, and you asked me to step in again—I did, and you asked me whose things they were—I said, "They were not mine, I was sent to sell them for a person"—you know they would not fit me—I asked 6d. for them—you said they were very old, and offered 5d. Witness Yes; I did.





THOMAS HENRY THOMPSON
. I am a policeman. I received information that this girl had lost her clothes—I found the prisoner at the public-house, and took her—she asked what it was for—I said I would tell her when she came outside—I then said, it was about some frocks—she said she knew nothing about them, the girl had sold them herself—I took her to the station—she said Tinker Poll had got some—I then went to Mrs. Allen's, and found all these articles—I know the prisoner very well.





ANN ALLEN
. Three of these articles were sold by Tinker Poll.

Prisoner's Defence. I saw the girl talking to a baker's wife—I stood to hear her she looked very cold, and trembled very much—she had half-a-quartern loaf in her lap—I said, "I do not know that I can take you home, I have not a place, I am with a person," but I took her home—I kept her all that night, and the Sunday—she then went and got things, and her mistress said she was astonished to see her face, she having left her as she did as there were two children dying, and she got her things and ran away—that she was a very bad lying girl, but she might take her clothes—I took her home—I had neither fire nor food, and she gave me these things to sell—I did not take them all myself.




GUILTY
. Aged 50.—


Transported for Seven Years.
