




1528. 




JAMES JONES
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
8th of June, 1 shawl, value 2s.; 4 yards of printed cotton, value 3s.; and 1 1/4 yards of calico, value 6d.; the goods of 



Eleanor Downey.






ELEANOR DOWNEY
. I am a widow. My husband was pig-jobber—I live at Stratford. On the 8th of June I was in company with three more persons, at the Two Bells, Whitechapel, between seven and eight in the evening—I had a parcel containing this property—it was made a present time—I had undone them, and measured the print—the calico was wrapped round the print, and the shawl was in the print—the prisoner same to the table after I was sitting there—he was quite a stranger to me—he had several halfpenny worths of cels—my parcel was by my side on the seat—I put my hand down and missed it—I sent for the policeman, and said there was no one near me but the prisoner—I said I would not wish to have any thing to do with it, if he gave it me back—he denied it—I do not know myself that he had left the tap-room, and gone into the yard.





MARY ANN COLLINS
. My husband works at Wapping. I was with Downey—she had a parcel, which she put at her left-hand side on the seat—the prisoner came to the table where we were sitting—he had several half-penny worths of ells—she complained that she had lost the parcel—I said, "You cannot have lost them; perhaps they have dropped under the seat"—she said, "No they have not, and nobody had been near but that young man"—I said to the prisoner, "Sir, if you have taken the things you had better give them up; she is but a poor woman, she has had them made a present of to her to-day"—he got up, opened his coat; and the shawl dropped out—we had been in the public-house, as near as I can say, three quarters of an hour—we had a pot of half-and-half—I did not take notice whether the prisoner had got up and gone away.

Prisoner. Q. In what part of the seat did the shawl fall? A. I cannot say—I was quite sober—we had nothing to drink but a quart of half-and-half—there were four of us—I did not state that I went out to ask my father-in-law do drink, and while I was gone, this bundle was missing.





JOSEPH PARKER
. I sell things in the street, I was at the public-house, and saw these persons—the prisoner had four half-penny worths of eels for himself, and then he told me to give the females one—during that time he was out about three minutes—he then returned, and took the same seat, the prosecutor then put her hand down, and said, "I have lost my parcel".

Prisoner. Q. Did you see any thing in my hand, when I went out of the room? No; nor when you came in—the shawl was picked up, but where it fell from I cannot tell.





JAMES EDWARDS
. I am waiter at the public-house. I did not observe the prisoner to out—I heard the prosecutrix complain that she had been robbed—I saw a young man go for the policeman; but I did not pay much attention to it—I went into the yard after the policeman, and found a piece of print, with a piece of calico round it, behind an old cellar flap.





HENRY SMITH
. (police-constable H 143.) I went to the public-house, and took the prisoner—I received this property.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoners Defence. I am a paper-stainer by trade, and have been working the last three months at Leeds—that room was frequented by prostitutes and men of the lowest character—there were from twenty-five to thirty person there—I never was out of the room till I was taken.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported Seven Years.
