






1133. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SIMPSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of April
, 1 silver fork, value 9s., and 8 penny-pieces
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Trossarelli
                  




               
            .
ELEANOR TROSSARELLI. I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Trossarelli
               



            ; he is on the Continent - I live at Highgate


. I lost this property out of the kitchen, I believe, but I do not know.


                  MARY 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutrix. This fork laid on the kitchen side-board, opposite the kitchen stairs - the kitchen is under ground, and there is an area; we had used this fork on the 7th, and missed it on the 9th - I had seen the prisoner Simpson once, opposite our door; that was about three days before, breaking wood up - our house is in a row of others; on the 8th the two prisoners came, and brought some wood to our house - they went down the kitchen stairs; I missed the fork the next day, and went to the officer - there were no pennypieces.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHATTERLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I heard of the loss of the fork - I apprehended the two prisoners at Highgate, one on the 9th, and the other on Sunday morning -I took Walker first; I made him no threat or promise - I took Simpson on the Sunday, and he told me he had taken it; it was found at Mr. Goodman's, at Kentish-town.


                  CHARLES 
                  GOODMAN
               



            . I am a watch-maker and jeweller, and live at Kentish-town - we have a licence, which justifies us in dealing in plate. Walker brought this fork to me, and told me he had found it. while at work at Mr. Roberts, near the archway, in a field amongst the dust and ashes - I gave him 9s. 8d. for it; I went to the field, and found he had been working there - I saw the man be worked with; he gave a very clear account of it; I did not inquire till I found the prosecutrix had lost it - it weighed 1 oz. 19 dwts.; I have not such articles as these in my shop for sale.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Simpson's Defence. I picked it up in the yard, outside the door, and put it into my pocket - I showed it to Walker - he asked a man, who told him it was silver.
Walker's Defence. I saw Simpson with a heavy bundle of wood, and we took some to the prosecutrix's, who gave us 6d. for it - the maid could not lock the door; I tried, but could not do it - I then went to the locksmith's; when we came out Simpson said he had found this fork.
SIMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
WALKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
