





1131. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     GORDON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of June
, 13 yards of silk, value 2l.; 16 yards of linen, value 2l.; 1 coat, value 2l.; 4 yards of diaper, value 5s.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 5s.; 1 stock, value 1s.; and 1 coverlid, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Joseph 
                           Mechi
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  JOSEPH MECHI
               



            . I live at No. 4, Leadenhall-street


. I was not at home when this occurence took place, but I know the property - to the best of my knowledge this silk was purchased by my wife previous to our going into the country, it is worth 2l.; this coat is mine, and is worth 2l., it was worn by my nephew; this diaper I believe was bought at the same time with the silk; I can swear to these trousers.


                  HANNAH 
                  GRIDLEY
               



            . I live servant with Mr. Mechi. On Saturday the 29th of June, I went out on an errand at half-past eleven o'clock in the morning; I returned and unlocked the kitchen door; I heard somebody up stairs; I went up and saw the prisoner come out of the bed-room; I asked what he wanted, he said, Captain Thacker. I said it was down lower, on the second floor; I saw a bundle in his arm, and I said he had a bundle, he said he had not - I came down and opened Captain Thacker's door, and called out to them to stop him; the prisoner left the bundle on the staircase; and ran away - he had carried the bundle from the cupboard in the bed-room to the staircase - I picked it up and gave it to the porter just in the same state that I had seen it in the prisoners hands - thesethings had all been in the drawer in the room - I know them to be Mr. Mechi's.
Prisoner. Q. Do you mean to say I had the bundle? A. Yes, I can swear to you.


                  GEORGE 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I am porter there. I heard a noise, and a cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner come out of the door running - I pursued him immediately into Leadenhall-market, he outran me, and ran into a shed in a new building in the market; I ran up the stairs, and as he came down I seized him immediately.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me come out of the door? A. Yes, I was on the pavement within a few paces of Mr. Mechi's door at the time.
COURT. Q. What did you say, when you seized him? A. I said "You are the thief," he hesitated, and said "I am not."
Prisoner. I was not in the house at all; there was a woman sitting at the door, who said she thought I was not the man.


                  HANNAH 
                  GRIDLEY
               



            . There was a woman went to the watch-house, but I did not hear her say anything about whether he was the man; I am sure he is the man.
Prisoner's Defence. I was not in the house - I was in Leadenhall-market, and was going from Holborn to Mile-end.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
