





403. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PLUMPTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September
, 1 coat, value 1l. 15s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 18s.; 2 waistcoats, value 15s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 1 pair of braces, value 6d.; 1 pad, value 6d., and 1 bag, value 3d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Clark
                  




               
            , the younger.
WILLIAM CLARK. I am a weaver
, and live with my father in Pelham-street


; I have a workshop at the top of the house. The prisoner was employed by my father to mend quills
; on the 24th of September he was there - I gave him a pair of boots to clean; he took them down stairs, and on his going up again, I saw a knife in his hand - I then missed him, and on opening a box of mine afterwards, I missed these articles, which I had seen safe that morning - I did not see him again till three weeks ago, at Bethnal-green workhouse; I asked him why he was guilty of doing such a thing - he said he did not know; I asked what he had done with the things - he said, "Sold them to a Jew in Petticoat-lane, for 15s.;" I took him to the station - the articles were worth between 3l. and 4l.


                  THOMAS 
                  HALL
               



            . I am schoolmaster of Bethnal-green, workhouse. The prisoner was under my care; he went to the prosecutor's to work, but came home to dinner - he absconded, and I did not see him again till Saturday three weeks; he said he had done this, and I asked him what for - he said he did not know but he had sold the things to a Jew - he had been two years in the workhouse, and I knew nothing wrong of him before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BEALE
               



             (Police-constable H 6). I received the prisoner at the station; I asked him if he could point out the Jew he sold the things to - he said Yes; I took him to Petticoat-lane, but he could not find the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
