





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1885. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  CHAPMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of September
, 1 pair of sheets, value 2l.; 3 table-cloths, value 22s.; 1 night-gown, value 3s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 3s.; 1 shirt, value 10s.; 1 cravat, value 2s., and 3 towels, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Wesley 
                           Doyle
                        



                     
                  , Esq.
; 4 knives, value 1s.; 7 forks, value 1s.; 1 pair of sheets, value 20s.; 1 table-cloth, value 4s.; 1 portmanteau, value 4s.; 2 tea-pots, value 1s.; 1 quilt, value 3s.; 2 pairs of shoes, value 2s.; 1 basin, value 1s., and 1 piece of green baize, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah Esther 
                     Ricketts
                  



               
            , her mistress.
SARAH 
               
                  ESTHER 
                  RICKETTS
               



            . The prisoner came to assist her niece, who was my servant, about a fortnight before the Coronation. On the 11th of September my daughter was going to the larder, and saw a band-box of linen, belonging to Captain Doyle, on the stairs; I brought itdown, and said to the prisoner, "Is this your's?" she said, "It is;" Captain Doyle directly said it was his, and an officer was called in.


                  SARAH 
                  ESTHER RICKETTS
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's daughter. I saw the things on the stairs; I heard Captain 
               Doyle
             say the articles were his - I turned up the bed, and some her things were found; her niece wished her to come to our house; the prisoner said if my mother offered her any wages she should be offended - my mother said she should not think of her being there without being paid; she was called cook.
CAPTAIN WESLEY DOYLE. I lodge at this house, in Southampton-row. These articles, which were found in the box, are mine.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and went with a boy to her lodgings - I found there a bundle, containing this bed-quilt and a duplicate of a pair of sheets; I found a few bits of gold on the prisoner.


                  ROBERT 
                  BERSENT
               



            . I live in King's Head-court. The prisoner took my parlour about six weeks before the officer came with my apprentice, whom I had sent to the prisoner; I saw the articles found, which her niece had brought in a basket.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. On the Sunday night I was sent for some rum - when I came back, my niece asked where Mrs. Ricketts was; I said, "In the bed-room, looking over the linen."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 44. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
