





1392. 
               
                  EDWIN 
                  HOBSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of August
, at St. Leonard, Shoreditch


, 6 sovereigns; 9 half-crowns; 1 shilling; and 1 box, value 1d.; the goods and monies of 
                     
                        William 
                        Bennett
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JANE 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am the wife of William Bennett, and live in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch - we let lodgings - the prisoner came to me on Thursday, the 30th of July, from the fever hospital, and asked me to accommodate him for a week, till he could write home to his mother for money to take him home - I consented, and on the 4th of August, at half past nine o'clock in the morning, I put the money, named in the indictment, into a box, in a handkerchief - the prisoner was not there then - he had been ill all night, and I had been up with him - I went out of the room into the one pair of stairs room, and received the remainder of my money to make up my rent - I was not more than five minutes out of his room - when I returned, I missed him - I opened my drawers to take the money out, and missed it - it was in the second floor room - I ran down stairs and made inquiry for him; he was not there - I afterwards saw part of the box in which the money was deposited - nobody but him could have taken it, they had no time - I lost 7l. 3s. 6d.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Was he in the room when you put the money into the box? A. No; I have four or five other lodgers - none of them were present when I put the money there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STOTTER
               



            . I am a policeman. I received information of this, and went in search of the prisoner - on Monday, the 4th of August, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I found him in the Red Rover, Manchester coach, at the Angel, where he had booked his place for Birmingham - I took him out of the coach, and told him it was a bad job - he said it was, if they could prove it against him - at the watch-house I found 4l. 19s. 4 1/2d., and part of the box on him - I found a purse with the silver and halfpence on him - the four sovereigns were in the box.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he account for the possession of the money? A. He said he met a butcher that day, who paid him 6l. for some razor strops he had made for him some years ago - I asked where the butcher was - he said he went to sea directly he paid him the money - I have inquired, and find he was in the habit of making razor strops for different houses.


                  ELLIS 
                  DRING
               



            . I am book-keeper at the Bell Sauvage. On Monday evening, the 4th of August, about half-past four o'clock, the prisoner came into the office, and asked if we had an outside place to Sheffield - I said, No; there was an inside place - he said he could not afford that - he came again at six o'clock, and took an outside place on the Birmingham coach - he paid me a sovereign, and about a quarter to seven he came, and asked if he could have an inside place, as he was very unwell - he gave me a half-sovereign and half-a-crown, and went inside.
JANE BENNETT re-examined. I swear this is part of the box the money was in - here is the top of it - he left that behind.
Prisoner's Defence. The sovereigns were in the purse when the officer found it - he put the sovereigns into the box and the silver into the purse.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
