





798. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March
, 20 yards of silk, value 3l.; 1 muslin collar, value 10s.; 4 yards of satin, value 8s.; 6 yards of ribbon, value 2s., and 3 pairs of socks, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George Drake 
                           Sewell
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Cross
                        



                     
                  , his masters
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  ROBERT 
                  BEMAND
               



            . I am superintendent of the establishment of George Drake Sewell and Thomas Cross, at Knightsbridge


 - the prisoner was in their employ as confidential shopman
. On the 26th of March, about nine o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner come from the warehouse with a parcel under his arm; I followed him on to Piccadilly, and then desired to know what he had in the parcel - he observed, his coat only; I said I was not satisfied with that, and wished to see what was in it; he then said some linen as well - I said I was not satisfied, and desired him to walk back with me to the warehouse; on reaching the warehouse I found the articles here produced, and some linen, in the parcel - the piece of silk was in his pocket; the articles are worth at least 4l. 10s. - he said he could not account for them; they have my private mark on them, and are the property of my employers.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What is a confidential shopman? A. He was a man who had been in the employ some time, and we had confidence in him - I have no part in the concern; the warehouse is connected with the house - he came out at the private door; I followed him I think about a mile - I am quite sure he said he had a coat in the parcel; he did not say the goods had been purchased by a customer.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. He said he could not account for their being there? A. He did, sir.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was there a band found in the parcel? A. There was a black silk band - I do not know whether it is here.


                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a Police-man. The prisoner was given into my custody - I received these articles in a bag from off the table at Mr. Sewell's; I have not seen the band.
MR. CLARKSON to MR. BEMAND. Q. Did you hear the prisoner's defence before the Magistrate? A. He made no defence; he has not stated from whom he received the band, nor mentioned it to account for the possession of them - I have produced all the property belonging to Sewell and Cross; I will swear it has never been paid for, and I swear it has not been sold - if it had it must have been paid for, and it is not down as paid in our books, which are here; all our people are not here -I have not heard that they had been paid for with a 5l. note, which has been traced to the Bank; if these goods had been sold and paid for, it certainly would have been down in the books, but I had observed the goods concealed nine days before they were carried from the house- I did not tell the Magistrate this; I know Miss Priestly- the Magistrate would not allow me to state any more; he said I had stated sufficient - I said I had suspected the prisoner for some time; he said, "There is no occasion to go further" - that was my way of attempting to tell him the goods were concealed; I do not know wherethe band is - I have done nothing with it; it was not in the bag, it was in his pocket - he took it out, and I laid it on a chair; I believe the officer took it - I saw him take the goods; I have not heard the prisoner state that his means of defence were the production of that band.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is it the custom of your shop to enter immediately any articles that may be sold? A. Yes, and if the prisoner had sold these goods, it would have been his duty to have entered them; I have brought the books to show there is no such entry - I told the Magistrate what I have stated to day, about finding the goods, and he said there was no occasion to state more; I saw the prisoner given to the officer - he gave no account of the goods.
MR. PHILLIPS to JOHN JOHNSON. Q. Did you hear him give any account of the property? A. No.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What did you do with the band? A. I did not have it.
Prisoner's Defence, (written). On the subject of the charge on which I now appear before you, I declare most solemnly that the goods had been purchased by Mr. Root's, between one and two o'clock on the day before, who begged that I would take them home for him, as he was going to Hammersmith, and did not expect to return till late - I took the goods into my bed-room, where they remained until the Friday evening; I should have gone home on the Thursday evening, as I promised Mr. Roots, but felt myself very unwell, and, therefore, remained at Knightsbridge - had those goods been taken dishonestly, it is not very probable that I should have allowed them to have remained so many hours in a place to which nearly forty persons had as free access as myself; and had Bemand suspected me, as he says he did, there is no reason on earth why he should not have searched the room, and found the goods, many hours before, in preference to waiting until I went out in the evening. Again, when he accosted me in Piccadilly, did I not voluntarily return back with him? Is it probable that I would have done so, or that I would not have made some attempt to have got away, if I had come dishonestly by the goods? Certainly not - I knew the goods had been paid for, and therefore, I had no hesitation in returning. The reason why I did not make this statement before the Magistrate, and detail to him the way in which I became possessed of the goods, and by whom, and when they had been purchased, was by the advice of my attorney, Mr. Hart; because, he found that Bemand and Chillicombe were endeavouring to get up other charges against me; and that considerable property had been taken from my wife's residence, which these persons swore to, and that, therefore, my committal for trial was a matter of certainty. I took his advice, and made no defence.


                  ROBERT 
                  ROOTS
               



            . I am a broker, and deal in silks. I went to Sewell and Cross' ten days or a fortnight before this - I saw the prisoner, and asked for a pattern of this silk; he said there were twelve or thirteen yards of it -I said, "Put it by for a day or two, I think I know a customer for it;" I called in about ten days, bought it, and also this black silk to match a band - I left the band and all these goods which I had bought for the prisoner to bring home; I took an order from a lady in Cannon-row, Westminster; I bought this satin for trimming a bonnet- these socks are for my own children; I have the bill here, which the prisoner made - it is 4l. 17s. 5d.; I paid him a 5l. Bank note; I took the number and date at the time - it is 4,220, September 17, 1829; I paid it on the 25th of March - I said I was going to the Camden Arms, and from there to the Hand and Flower; I asked him to take them home, and he said he would if he could - we do not live far off.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Of course you told him not to involve it in any secrecy? A. I said nothing about it; I did not take them, because I was going further - this article is for Mrs. Davis, and the other for Mrs. Perkins; they very commonly give me orders to buy silks for them- I have dealt in silks twenty years; they live in our house - I do not think they are here; they are both married - this is a collar for Mrs. Davis: a number of the shopmen were present when I bought these goods, and I believe Mr. Bemand was there; I do not know whether he was behind the counter or not - the prisoner took the note, and brought me the change; he was to bring them to No. 9, Sutton-street, Soho; I am not a housekeeper now - my house is pulled down; I am lodging at No. 21, High-street, Bloomsbury - I do not keep any stock of silks; ladies employ me on commission to buy silks, and I get a profit on them - I generally call on them; Mrs. Davis had seen the pattern of this silk before - this ribbon was my own choice; I had a stock of some thousands of pounds, but I have been a bankrupt unfortunately - I did not tell the prisoner to say he could not account for having the things.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You told him to take them to your house? A. It is a common every day occurrence for me to call on ladies, to ask if they want any thing, and I give them a little accommodation; this is the pattern the lady had seen - it has been in my possession; coals, wine, and silks are often sold by persons who never have a stock of them; I did not say any thing about what the prisoner was to say - the band was Mr Perkins', and I left it with the prisoner - it has not been returned to me; I went out of town on the Friday, and did not know the prisoner was in custody.


                  JOHN 
                  BEETON
               



            . I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I have a 5l. note which came into the Bank on the 10th of April - it is No. 4,220, dated the 17th of September, 1829; it has a name on the front of it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who paid it in? A. I do not know; I did not take it in.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. It might have been in a hundred hands? A. It might.


                  ROBERT 
                  ROOTS
               



            . This is the note.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for 14 Years
            .
