





1015. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     LOCKWOOD
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for a misdemeanor
            .
HENRY TAYLOR. I am in the employ of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hall
                  




               
            , glover
, of Wood-street


 - Mr. Dosseter, of Threadneedle-street, dealt with him. On the 16th of February, about half-past five o'clock, the prisoner came to the warehouse, and said he wanted twelve pairs of red garters for Mr. Dosseter, of Threadneedle-street; I believed him, and gave him twelve pairs - they came to 14s.; he was a stranger to me - on leaving the warehouse he said he also wanted some warped net-purses, and looked out a dozen- he gave me the invoice of the first goods, and I added them to it, charging Mr. Dosseter with them; they came to 22s. - he came again the next evening, about the same time, and said the garters he had the over-night were not large enough, he wanted some larger, but Mr. Dosseter would keep those also; Mr. Hall said he had none in the warehouse, but would send them down - I went to Mr. Dosseter's to inquire, and found there was an imposition; I saw the prisoner next day at Cambridge-heath, and took him into custody - he denied knowing any thing about the charge.

Prisoner. Q. I think you stated in your examination that you went round to the different tradesmen? A. Yes, to warn them - I went to Mr. Bunnell among the rest, and he gave me your name and address; that led me to Hackney.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HULL
               



            . I saw the prisoner on both these occasions, and am certain of his person; I have no customer named Dosseter, but the one in Threadneedle-street - my man looked the things out; I entered them, and having a stiffener to repair for Mr. Dosseter. I said to the prisoner, "Here is a stiffener belonging to Mr. Dosseter, you may as well take it to him" - he said, "Oh, certainly," and took it; he asked for warped silk purses, which were added to the invoice - on the following evening I discovered the imposition.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOSSETER
               



            . I live in Threadneedle-street, and deal with Mr. Hull: I had sent him a stiffener to repair; I know the prisoner - he was never in my service; I never sent him for these goods, and had no knowledge of his going for them - the stiffener was delivered at my house; I cannot say who by: I have known him about two years - he was in the habit of coming to my house with goods from Mr. Bunnell.
Prisoner. Q. Did you ever, in my presence, say you did business with Hull? A. Not to my knowledge - I might.


                  EDWIN 
                  BOWYER
               



            . The prisoner brought the stiffener to Mr. Dosseter's about a quarter to ten o'clock on the 14th of February; I took it in - he brought nothing else.
Prisoner's Defence. My Lord and Gentlemen of the Jury, - Amidst the greatest difficulties to encounter, I now enter on my defence - I do not mean to attribute perjury to the witnesses, but alledge they are under a mistaken idea of the identity of the person; here I am charged with a crime I am innocent of - look at the evidence of Taylor; he says, after he found out the fraud he went round to the tradesmen, and among others to my late master, Mr. Bunnell, who, in giving a description of my person, said he thought that he had such a person in his employ, and gave my name and address; Taylor came to the house, saw me outside, and immediately said I was the person - he, of course, anxious to bring the real perpetrator to justice, has unfortunately fixed on the innocent person; if I had obtained the goods should I have gone to Mr. Dosseter, where I am well known; for I should have been sure to be identified - with a full opinion that if you have a doubt of my guilt you will give me the benefit of it, knowing that it is better that ninety-nine guilty persons should escape than one innocent man be convicted.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
