




1912. 




GEORGE LEWIS
 and 



JOSEPH LEWIS
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Francis Burdett Norbury, about two o'clock in the night of the 
6th of June, at the hamlet of 
Mile-end Old town, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 160 handkerchiefs, value 30l.; 3 shawls, value 2l. 12s.; 12 pairs of gloves, value 16s.; 390 yards of ribbon, value 12l.; and 24 pairs of stockings, value 1l. 10s.; his property.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






FRANCIS BURDETT NORBURY
. I am a linen-draper, and live in Wentworth-place, in the hamlet of Mile-end Old town. I locked up my house on Thursday night, the 6th of June, about half-past eleven o'clock—it was quite safe then—I was awoke at four o'clock the next morning by a policeman, and found a gimlet on the parlour table—I found the back kitchen shutter had been bored with a gimlet, and a hole made sufficient to enable a person to draw the bolt from the shutter—it was quite open, and the window was open—I found the parlour strewed with goods of various description, spoons and forks broken to pieces—I went to the stop, and under the counter found all the drawers emptied—about 160 handkerchiefs were gone entirely, and all the articles stated in the indictment, amounting altogether to between 50l. and 60l.—I have recovered nothing but two handkerchiefs—there were marks of two or three persons having been in the garden—I discovered them that morning at four o'clock, and they were covered over within two hours, not only in my own garden, but the third from us—

(looking at two handkerchiefs)—one of these has a particular mark, which I can positively swear to, besides the pattern—the mark is a damage mark—we had all the piece laid by on purpose to have an allowance made on it—the piece is cut in two, one piece has three, and the other four—the piece of four was taken, and there is a corresponding damage mark—I have not a doubt this handkerchief is one of those taken that night—I will swear to it—I was present when some shoes were compared with the footmarks, and they corresponded exactly, heel and every thing.

Cross-examined by
MR. LORD, Q. Is there anything peculiar in the mark on that handkerchief? A. Yes, very—you will not find one like it in 5000—I do not swear to the other one—I have seen other handkerchiefs of the same pattern—I saw these two in the policeman's possession—I do not know where he got them from—there were five persons before the Magistrate on suspicion besides the prisoners—I observed a handkerchief round the neck of one of the five, like what I had seen in the house, but very different from this—I could not swear to that—I examined every part of my house when I went to bed, and it was quite safe—I have a wife, a brother, a lad, and two maid servants—the 160 handkerchiefs I lost were of different patterns—I had seventy of this pattern, and two of them were damaged in the same way—one of the footsteps was rather smaller than the others, as if it were a boy's—there were marks of three different persons—the shoe which was compared did not agree with the smallest—they were all three different sizes—the policeman covered them over that they might not be disturbed—I never saw the prisoners before.





THOMAS NORBURY
. I am assistant to my brother—I know this handkerchief by the damage mark on it—I saw it on the premises between eight and nine o'clock that night—I have not a doubt of it.

Cross-examined. Q. What induced yon to notice it that evening? A. I saw the piece it belonged to—I never saw any before with this mark on them—we had seven of this pattern, but had sold none of them.





DENNIS POWER
 (police-constable H 18.) I met the two prisoners at a quarter to twelve o'clock, on the eight of the 10th of June, in Cock-lane, Shoreditch, in company with two females—on seeing us the women separated from them—I went over and searched both the prisoners, and said to George, "I will take you to the station-house"—his brother followed us to the station-house, using very abusive language, and obstructing me in taking George—he followed us to the station-house door, and insisted on coming in, and finding we could not get him away, I said, "You must come in, and I will charge you"—I took them for being in the streets for round their necks, apparently new, I said to George, "Where did you get this handkerchief?"—he said, "I bought it"—I said, "Your brother has got one of the same handkerchiefs"—he said, "Yes, I gave it to him, I bought them in Petticoat-lane"—I said, "What did you give for them?"—he said, "7s."—I said, "Did any body see you buy them?"—he said, "No," and that he had bought them about a fortnight ago—I said, "You did not wear these handkerchiefs last week"—he said, "No, I put them in pawn about a fortnight ago, and took them out about nine days ago"—he said he had pawned them at Castle's, in Church-street, Bethnal-green—I made inquiry there, and found he had never pawned a handkerchief of that description—I took the rightshoe off George's foot, and Joseph left, and compared George's right shoe with the footmarks in Mr. Norbury's garden-one

in particular was covered over—I saw my brother officer make an impression close by the side of that, and it corresponded with the mark—I compared both marks with George's shoe, and they corresponded—I did not find any mark to correspond with Joseph's left shoe, but in an adjoining garden I found a mark corresponding with George's left shoe—I could not positively swear to that one, as a portion of it was broken away.

Cross-examined. Q. You first took George into custody? A. I stopped them both together—I knew George well—I did not know Joseph—I cannot be mistaken in Joseph's person—his shoe did not fit any mark in the garden—there had been a slight rain, but the mark was covered over with oil-cloth and board—I had seen George in a different hat and handkerchief, and I noticed this being new, it was unusual—the prisoners were the only persons taken by Teakle and myself—several others were taken and brought to different police offices—there was a person who was originally in Mr. Norbury's employ, taken up—he was discharged after being remanded.





GEORGE TEAKLE
 (police-constable H 8.) I was with Power when the prisoners were apprehended—I marked the handkerchief which was taken from George's neck at the time—I said to Joseph, seeing his was the same pattern, "Where did you get this?"—he said, "I got it from my brother, I gave him 4s. for it"—George said he bought them together, and cut them apart himself—I was present when the footmarks were compared with George's right shoe—it was eight or ten yards from the kitchen window—there was not more than one that I could fit exactly, as, owing to the dry weather, they had become dry, except this one which was covered.

Cross-examined. Q. What was there peculiar in the foot-marks? A. They were rights and lefts—we fitted the left foot in the garden adjoining—the heel was quite visible and fitted exactly—there were 30 or 40 foot-marks, but most of them were dry—I tried it to three or four—I did not count the nails—they are quite common shoes—I saw both the prisoners—I am sure Joseph was in company with his brother.

GEORGE LEWIS—


GUILTY
.* Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

JOSEPH LEWIS—


NOT GUILTY
.
