



1565. 




HENRY JOHNSON, alias
 Blewitt,

 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of March, 1 cloak, value 2l., the goods of 



Thomas Oakley Birch; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS OAKLEY BIRCH
. I live in Huntley-street, Belgrave-square, with my mother. On the morning of the 17th of March, the prisoner, who was quite a stranger, knocked at the door, and the servant opened it—she brought a letter, which I read—I wrote an answer to it, thinking it came from the person whose name is to it—the servant went down—I wrote it in about five minutes, and gave the answer to the prisoner, telling him to give it to Mr. Blewitt—the prisoner came again in the afternoon, and brought me this letter, as an answer to the one I sent—(read.)

"DEAR MADAM,—If you can give me a call to-morrow, I think I have an engagement of importance. I shall feel obliged by your writing me word. Yours, &c. "J. BLEWITT."

" 24, Great Portland-street.

"DEAR SIR,—In answer to your letter respecting the engagement, I beg to state I am about taking a concert room at Manchester, for the space of three months, and if Miss Birch can render her services, I should be happy to engage Miss B. for whatever salary should be required. I don't leave town for a month to come, consequently I shall esteem it a favour was you to call on me in the course of next week, when I shall be able to state more respecting it. Yours, &c. "J. BLEWITT."


Witness. Directly on reading this letter I thought it all a joke, and happened to think of my cloak in the passage, and just at the moment I heard the door shut—I ran out, and the cloak was gone—I have never seen it since—it was worth 2l.—the prisoner was taken some time after, on another charge.





CATHERINE QUIN
. I am servant to the prosecutor. The prisoner came with a note it in the morning—I took it into the parlour—the prisoner came in the afternoon with another note—I left him in the passage, where the cloak hung, and went down stairs—I heard a noise in the passage, and went up—the prisoner was gone, and the cloak also.





THOMAS CLARK
 (police-sergeant G 13.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clarke's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person who was tried.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
