



1504. 




FRANCIS BENSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of May, 1 jacket, value 4s, 9d, the goods of 



George Racey; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARY GOULD
. I live in Kingsland-road. I was at my shop on the evening of the 19th of May—my niece gave me information, and I saw the prisoner putting this jacket under another person's arm—I went to the door, and saw the prisoner go down Wellington-street—I asked him to stop the foremost one with the jacket—the prisoner walked on—the other one threw down the jacket, and ran away—I caught hold of the prisoner—he asked what I wanted—I said, "Come back, and I will tell you"—he said he would not—I said he should—he threw himself on the ground; but, with the assistance of my niece, I took him back.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me run directly I took the jacket? A. No; you walked first.





CHARLOTTE GOULD
. I live with my aunt, next door to the prosecutor. I saw the prisoner take a brown cloth jacket, from a piece of wood, at the prosecutor's shop—he put it under a young man's arm—we followed the prisoner, and took him.

Prisoner. Q, Was not the shop shut? A. No—you did not run away, but walked.





MARY RACEY
. I live next door to Mrs. Gould. On the 19th of May, they brought in the prisoner and this jacket, which is my son's—his name is George Racey—it had been hanging outside the shop.

Prisoner. Q, What can you swear to it by? A. By the private marks.





JAMES MILLER
 (police-constable N 234.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—I was a witness on his trial, and know he is the man who was tried (read.)

Prisoner's Defence. I had just returned from St. Katherine's Docks—the man who had the jacket was running—the woman called," Stop thief"

—I stood looking—she collared me, and said, "I want you"—I said, "What for?"—she said, "Come, and I will tell you."




GUILTY
. * Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
