



869. 




THOMAS WALKER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of February, 1168 yards of velvet ribbon, value 30l.; 1 deal-box, value 6d.; and 1 leather strap, value 6d.; the goods of 




Thomas Wisbey.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS WISBEY
. I live at No. 42, King-street, Spitalfields, and am a chair-maker. My wife is a velvet weaver—I have a lad of the name of Beacham in my employ as errand-boy—on Saturday, the 3rd of February, I gave him some silk velvet, worth 30/., in a large green box—he was to take it to Mr. Morrison, in Fore-street—I started him about ten minutes after eight o'clock in the morning—I never saw him again till he came home a little before two o'clock, and said he had lost the box—there was a leathern strap round it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Does anybody carry on this business but your wife? A. No; I have nothing to do with it.





WILLIAM BEACHAM
. I was employed by Mr. Wisbey—on Saturday morning, the 3rd of February, I remember being sent with a box to Mr. Morrison, in Fore-street—a tall man met me, and asked me if I was not Mr. Wisbey's boy—he said he wanted to take the box to Brook-street, and I would not let him have it—all the way along he said he wanted to take it to Brook-street—he told me to run all the way back and tell my mistress to get some ribbons—I went with the man as far as Smithfield, and then he gave me three parts of a quartern of gin—he then went into Holborn, and had a pint of porter—I had part of that—I sat down in a house—we stopped there a good bit—he wanted me to run out and fetch a cab, but I would not stir—he then went out himself—he was gone a good bit,

—he might have been half an hour—he then came back, and had left his coat somewhere—he had a large coat on when he went out—he said he had left his coat over the way—he waited outside the door, and said he was waiting for a person—while we were waiting there the prisoner came up-after a little while he asked me if I was cold—before that, he asked the tall man how trade got on—then they went a little farther, and we all three went into a public-house, but before they went in, the tall man paid the prisoner 4d.—we then all three went into a public-house in Holborn-we had some rum there—they gave me two glasses—when I got into the street after taking the rum, I felt very bad, and we all three went to another public-house, which is Mr. Pike's, in Clerkenwell—I had got the box, but the tall man carried it a little way—when we got to Mr. Pike's, we went into the tap-room, and I put my box under the bench, and after a little while, the tall man put it on the bench—the prisoner went away as soon as we went in—I did not see him again—I fell asleep, and when I awoke I went to the bar to the landlady—my box was then gone—I have been very ill ever since—I ran all the way home—I did not know the way, but I asked people.

Cross-examined. Q. When you went into the public-house in Holborn, who gave you the rum? A. The other man, and when I went to Mr. Pike's he gave me some porter.





JAMES MILTON PIKE
. I keep the Horse Shoe and Magpie, in Bath row, Clerkenwell. I remember on Saturday, the 3rd of February, the witness Beacham and two men coming to my house—the prisoner, and one taller—it was about half-past nine o'clock—the boy had a box on his arm—they ordered a pint of porter as soon as they got into the room—I took the pint of porter in, and asked for payment—the prisoner said he had not any money with him, but he would return again and pay for the porter—he went out the tall man had a screw of tobacco—he paid me for that—I was in and out of the tap-room occasionally, till twelve o'clock—the prisoner did not return till after twelve o'clock, but I was then out—he was not in the how above three minutes—I left my wife behind, and left word that the pint of porter was not paid for—they all drank together.





JANE PIKE
. I am the wife of the last witness. I remember, on the 3rd of February, my husband going out about twelve o'clock—about ten minutes after twelve o'clock, a person (not the prisoner) came out of the tap-room and paid me for the porter—he then went in and came out again in company with another man—I did not notice him particularly—one of them bad a long green box with a strap to it—the person who paid me for the beer brought that out—he put it on the bench in front of the bar—they were in conversation, and I heard him say, "You carry that"—the other man took it up, not the man who paid me, but the other man took it, and they both went away together—some time after that the boy came to me, inquiring for the box, and crying—I told him his friends were gone COURT. Q. Did you make an observation on that man? A. No, I did not.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did he in general appearance resemble the prisoner? A. Yes.

MR. DOANE. Q. I suppose there are a great many men whose general appearance may resemble that man? A. Yes—the man that came out of the room was darker than the prisoner.


MR. PAYNE. Q. What was the state of the light at the time? A. the light was very good—the man was a darker man than the prisoner.





JOHN GARFIELD
. I am in the employ of Mr. Wisbey, and live at No. 8, Princes-court. On the morning of Sunday, the 4th of February, I went with the officer and the boy to the Porto Bello public-house IN Turville-street, Bethnal-green—the prisoner was brought there by the officer—when he came there I asked the boy Beacham if that was one of the men who was with him on Saturday—he said it was—I asked the prisoner did he know the boy—he said, "No, I never saw the boy, I know nothing of him"—in going to the station-house, he said, "Certainly I know that boy, I saw him yesterday, but you have put a different dress on him"—he said, "I saw him in Holborn, and a man along with him—we went and had something to drink together—I saw that man on the day of the King's funeral, and from that day till Saturday I had not lean him"—the boy was very shabbily dressed on Saturday, and we put him on the jacket which he now has on.





HENRY CHARLES BARKER
 (police-constable H 26.) on Sunday morning, the 4th of February, I went to the prisoner's house—I saw him, and told him I wanted to speak to him—he asked what I wanted—I asked him to come out and have something to drink—he at first refused, but at last I got him to the Porto Bello—I took him to the bar of the house, and asked what he would have to drink—my object was to get him there that the boy might see him—the boy came out, stood for about ten minutes, then went into the tap-room, and came out again, and said to the prisoner, "Are not you the man that took the box away from me?"—the prisoner said, "No, I never saw you before in all my life"—I heard Garfield ask the prisoner if he knew the boy, and he said, "No"—the boy said he knew him—I then told him he must go to the watch-house—I gave him to another officer.





WILLIAM BEACHAM

re-examined. I now wear the jacket, I had on on the 4th—I had not got it on the 3rd.




GUILTY.*—Aged 36. 


Transported for Seven Years.
