



124. 




THOMAS M'CLURE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of November, 3 table-cloths, value 12s.; 4 towels, value 2s.; 1 pair of sheets, value 10s.; 2 pillow-cases, value 1s.; 1 flannel waistcoat, value 1s., 1 pair of drawers, value 5s.; 1 window-blind, value 6d.; 1 bed gown, value 2s.; 3 cravats, value 3s.; 16 handkerchiefs, value 13s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 2 shifts, value 4s.; 2 habit-shirts, value 3s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; 1 cap, value 2s.; 2 aprons, value 1s.; 12 pairs of socks, value 3s.; 1 basket, value 1s.; and 1 wheelbarrow, value 10s.; the goods of 




Elizabeth Maria Cooke; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES CROME
. I live in Duke-street, Westminster. On the 11th of November 1 was employed to take two baskets of linen for Eliza Maria Cooke—one to Mr. Carbonelle's, in Maddox-street—I stopped at an hotel, to leave one, and while I was in there I left the other bundle on the barrow—I was not gone in five minutes, and then the barrow and bundle was gone—part of it has been found since—I did not see the prisoner.





ELIZABETH MARIA COOKE
. I take in washing. I sent James Crome with two bundles of linen—one was to go to Mr. Carbonelle's, in Maddox-street—that was lost—it contained all the articles stated in the indictment.





MART REED
. I live at No. 52, York-street; my husband is a stone-mason. I have known the prisoner turned of three years—his father lived in the same house we do—he came to me on Saturday, the 11th of November, and knocked at the door—I said, "Come in," and he walked in with a basket with the linen—he said, "Be so kind as to let me leave this basket; I will pin the linen up; I cannot carry the basket, it hurts my side so much "—I said, "Where did you get it "—he said he had to take it from near London-bridge to Kensington—he left the basket and took all the property, and said he should come back and fetch the

basket, but he did not come, and when I told my husband he called; policeman, and gave the basket to him.

Prisoner. She has two husbands living, and has committed man crimes. Witness. No, never.





SARAH WILLIS
. I keep a clothes-shop. I had three pairs of socks brought to me, and I bought them of a man, but I cannot say who—I do not know the prisoner.





JOHN CURTZ
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a blind, a pocket, two petticoats, and some other things—I took them in at Mr. Dempsey's in, the Borough, of the prisoner, on Saturday, the 11th of November.





ABRAHAM WRIGHT
. I am a policeman. I was called by Reed on tit 13th to take the prisoner—she stated he bad called there on the 11th, and brought a basket—I have since found this property—I found on him this handkerchief and 7s. 5 3/4d






ELIZABETH MARIA COOKE

re-examined. This is my property—there was a great deal more, which is quite lost.

Prisoner's Defence. On Saturday, the 11th, I was in the London-road looking into a picture-shop—I was out of employment—a man came to me with a basket of linen, and asked me to carry it for him—I said I would—he said he would give me 1s. to carry it—when I got to Westminster-bridge, the basket hurt me so much that I said I would leave the basket—he said if I knew where I could leave it he was willing—I went to Mr. Reed and left the basket—I took the linen, and went with the man to Kensington, and then he took them, and gave me 1s.—the handkerchief is my own—I have had it a long time.





SAMUEL SKINNER
. I got this certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Gilby, the deputy-clerk of the peace for Westminster—(read)—I was a witness—the prisoner is the same man—he was in my custody—at that time I was a policeman.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Life.
