




3412. 




JAMES TURNER
 and 



WILLIAM HARRIS
 were indicted for

 feloniously forging, on he 
10th of October, a request for the delivery of 51 lengths of tin pipe, with intent to defraud 



George Douglas Alderson; against the Statute, &c.—2ND COUNT, for uttering the same, with a like intent.






THOMAS JONES
. I am clerk to Mr. George Douglas Alderson, a leadmerchant. On he 4th of October Turner came to my master's warehouse to and presented this order—(read)—"Sir, Will you have the goodness to get ready 12 lengths of 1/2 inch tin pipe against our man calls for it. Thomas Sleight for George Dethridge. No. 4, Strutton-ground Westminster."—I know Mr. Dethridge, as a customer—I said we had not got that he had a large job in the country, and wanted pipe of all sizes, as he was fitting up a gin-shop—I delivered him, in consequence of that order

twelve lengths of 7-16ths, worth 3l. 15s. 1 d—he came again on the 6th, two days after, with an order for twelve lengths of 3-8 the pipe—he came again on the 10th of October, and brought this order; "Please to let the bearer have has many lengths of 16 ft. tin pipe as you can spare, as we want to send them off by the coach, and will oblige G. Sleight, for Geo. Dethridge. 4, Strutton ground, Westminster. 10 Octr. 1836"—I gave him thirteen lengths, of 3-4ths pipe, and some other lengths, amounting to twenty-six lengths, in consequence of this order—I delivered the goods to him—he came on the 12th with a horse and cart, and had twentyfive lengths—he inquired if Mr. Dethridge's pipe was ready—I let his have the pipes in consequence of these orders.

Turner. I was out of work, and a person I know said to me, "Turner have you a mind to go and get so and so, at Alderson's?—I said, "I do not mind going and fetching the goods"—when I got them, I met him and delivered them to him, supposing he took them to Mr. Dethridge's.





THOMAS SLEIGHT
. I am clerk to Mr. Dethridge of Strutton-ground Westminster. The prisoner Turner was in out employ, as journeyman, and left in May last—these requests are neither my writing nor that of Mr. Dethridge's—I did not send Turner about the 10th of October for any pipe.





JOSEPH CARTER
. I am an officer, On the 12th of October, at four o'clock, I stopped a cart with the two prisoner in it—there was no name on the cart—they both jumped out an tried to run away—I seized one, and another man took the other—I found this pipe in the cart.
Turner. He asked me for the number of the cart—it had fallen off, and I got inside to deliver it to him.

TURNER—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Year


HARRIS—


NOT GUILTY
.
