





753. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of February
, 3 locks, value 4s.; 8 screws, value 2d., and 8 brass handles, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Browne
                        



                     
                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to belong to 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Copeman
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I live in Selby-street, Waterloo-town


. On the 6th of February I was in my front room; I saw the prisoner facing my house, opposite the door of an empty house - he went in there, and was there twenty minutes; he went up stairs, came down, took the street door in his hand, and uncrewed the lock - I went out and tried my key to the door; it would not open it - I thought he had gone out, but he had not; he opened the door - I said, "You are a prety rascal, are you not?" I saw some locks in his pocket, and I sent for Humphreys.


                  EPHRAIM 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I live in Agnes-street, Waterloo-town, and am a carpenter. I went to No. 21, Selby-street on the 6th of February - I found the prisoner in custody; I took him to the station - I saw him searched, and three locks, four keys, four handles, two screw-drivers, and a brad-awl found on him.


                  THOMAS 
                  COPEMAN
               



            . I live at No. 24, Selby-street, and am a shoemaker
. I have the care of No. 21, which is opposite Mr. Matthews' - I saw the locks and keys all safe three days before; I missed these articles; they all fit the doors exactly.



                  JOHN 
                  DANIEL PASQUE
               



            . I live in Buttress-street. I saw the prisoner about the premises on the Sunday before.


                  DAVID 
                  DICKINSON
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Temple. The house is the property of Mr. David Browne; he lives in the country - Mr. Copeman has the care of that and several others.


                  HENRY 
                  HUDDY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I searched the prisoner, and found three locks, four keys, four handles, two screw-drivers, and one brad-awl - I went and fitted the locks to the house.
Prisoner. I did not open the house; I picked them up in the house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 49. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
