




670. 




JOHN JONES
 and 




WILLIAM ROBINSON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
9th of February, 112 yards of worsted cloth, called lasting, value 12l., the goods of 



John Newell, in his dwelling-house.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be in the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Hitchings.






GEORGE ROBINSON
. I live at No. 3, Basinghall-street, and am ware-house man to Mr. John Newell—he rents the house of Mr. Dawson—Mr. Thomas Hitchings's warehouseman and his family sleep in the house—he is not here—Mr. Newell rents a room and the warehouse of Mr. Hitchings—it is part of the dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Michael, Bassishaw—Mr. Dawson does not live in the house. On the afternoon of the 9th of February the prisoner Robinson came into the warehouse on tiptoe, about two o'clock—I was at the other end of the warehouse—he went to a shelf, took four pieces of striped coloured lasting, which is made of worsted cloth, put them on his shoulder, and walked out with it—I immediately ran out after him—when I got to the door, he turned round, and saw me, and threw the goods on the pavement, ten or twelve yards from the door—he ran across the street, up Guildhall-buildings, between the two chains—as I followed him, the prisoner Jones interrupted me, and stopped me a little past the corner to prevent my following Robinson, who was in sight at the time—this was between thirty and forty yards from the warehouse—not in sight of it.

Q. Was there any means of his knowing what Robinson was about at the time he ran off with the property? A. I know nothing more than that he interfered when I pursued—the officer took up the goods.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARBKSON. Q. Explain more about the house—does Mr. Newell live there? A. No—I live there as his servant—I live in the warehouse, in the room, which is part of the dwelling-house—Mr. Hitchings originally held the lease of the warehouse—I sleep in the ware-house—Mr. Hitchings does not occupy the dwelling-house—his servants deep in the upper part of the premises—Mr. Hitchings has the lease of the whole premises—he has no partner—he is a commission cloth-agent—I understand, from his warehouseman, that he has the lease—the warehouseman occupies the upper part of the premises, and I the warehouse—the goods were taken from the warehouse—you can get from the dwelling-house to the warehouse without going into the open air—there are two ways—the place is let out as a place of business—Mr. Newell has nothing to do with the dwelling-house—I have a room in it, in consideration of my salary—it is on the same floor as the warehouse—there is a door from the warehouse to the dwelling-house, and from my room also—Jones was between the two chains.





JOHN GILBERT
. I was standing in Basinghall-street, on the 9th of february, just at the corner of Guildhall-buildings, and saw the prisoner Robinson with the four pieces of cloth on his shoulder, and the last witness running after him—he threw them down—I picked them up, and took them to the warehouse—previous to seeing Robinson run off with the property I had seen the two prisoners together, walking up and down Basinghall street—it might be half an hour or an hour before—they appeared

talking together—I did not notice how long they were together—I saw them pass along two or three times within a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes.

Cross-examined. Q. What were you doing there? A. I am a porter, standing there for work—I have done so thirty-three years.





WILLIAM BROWN
. I was in Basinghall-street, and saw Rohinson with the goods on his shoulder, and the witness in pursuit—I did not see any thing of Jones till after Robinson threw the goods down, and then Jones ran against the witness and caught hold of him to prevent him following Robinson—I followed Robinson till the policeman knocked him down—I then pursued Jones, believing he was connected with Robinson—Robinson was running when the policeman knocked him down—the street-keeper had struck at him before, but could not secure him—Jones was secured by the people about.





WILLIAM BILLETT
. I was in the Bell public-house, in Basinghall-street, on the 9th of February—I heard an alarm given, and assisted in stopping Jones.





JOHN MORRIS
. On the afternoon of the 9th of February, I was on duty in Guildhall-yard, and heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I saw Robinson running from Guildhall-buildings as fast as he could—I ran across—he ran away so swiftly that the only way I could secure him was by knocking him down.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 18

ROBINSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.




Transported for Ten Years.
