



552. 




DANIEL O'DONNELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of December, at 
St. Pancras, 1 box, value 2s.; 54 spoons, value 40l.; 1 butter knife, value 21s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 20s.; 1 muffineer, value 30s.; 25 forks, value 23l.; 5 ladles, value 6l.; 1 wine-strainer, value 3l.; 1 mustard-pot, value 3l.; 1 candlestick, value 3l.; and 1 fish-slice, value 3l. 10s.; the goods of 



Mary Ann Moore, his mistress, in her dwelling-house.


MR. CRESSWELL
conducted the Prosecution.





MRS. MARY ANN MOORE
. I am a widow, and live at No. 77, Cruflford-street, Russell-square, in the parish of St. Pan crag. The prisoner was my footman—he came into my service on the 24th of November last—I had the plate stated in the indictment, at that time—when I hire a new servant, I count over the plate which I give into his charge, and give him an inventory—I did so when the prisoner came—I have the plate always brought up to my bed-room at night by the house maid—she takes it down the following morning, and delivers it to the footman—on the morning of the 20th of December, the house-maid took the plate-box out of my room—I had some of it in use on my breakfast-table, and at lunch—the prisoner waited at both those meals—I have a son a proctor, who resides in Doctors' Commons—I very frequently go and dine with him—when he has a party larger than usual, he requires some of my plate; and I had a box made for the purpose of sending it backwards and forwards—it is a smaller box than the one which is carried up to my bed-room—when I went to dine with my son, it was the prisoner's duty to accompany me, to wait at table—on the 20th of December, I was engaged to dine with my son—the prisoner had notice to attend me, as usual, to wait at table—there was no plate required to go to Doctors' Commons that day—after taking lunch, I went out to take a walk with a friend, about two o'clock, and returned about four o'clock—I then saw a man standing in my passage—I asked the cook who he was—she was in the passage—the prisoner was down stairs—the man went up into the drawing-room—he was a glazier, and went up to mend a window which the man-servant had broken—the cook accompanied him—I saw her in the drawing-room with him—she was holding him a light—I went up stairs to dress about five o'clock, while the man and

the cook were in the drawing-room—the housemaid and my daughter went up with me—there was nobody in the lower part of the house but the prisoner—(he was there when I came home—he had opened the door to me, and apologised for keeping me waiting)—when I was dressed, I came down stairs to proceed to Doctors' Commons—I inquired for the prisoner, but he was gone—I was not alarmed at that, as he frequently went before me—on arriving at my son's, he was not there—he did not come there during that evening—I returned home about a quarter before eleven o'clock—the prisoner was not there—I inquired if he had been home—my suspicions were aroused—I searched in his pantry first, and then in the plate-box, which the maid had taken up into my room—it was quite empty—I missed the articles stated in the indictment, and have not seen any of them since.





ELIZA COLE
. I am housemaid to Mrs. Moore. On the night of the 19th I took the large plate-box up to her bed-room—on the morning of the 20th, I took it down to the footman's pantry—I did not give it into the prisoner's hands—I put it in the cupboard where it is usually kept, in his pantry—I went up stain to dress my mistress about five o'clock—the cook was up in tile drawing-room, I think, but I am not sure—the prisoner was in the pantry—I had instructions from mistress to tell him to be ready to go with her to Doctors' Commons—I went down for that purpose, but did not find him—about nine o'clock I went to the pantry to take the plate up stairs—the box was then empty—I took it up to my mistress's bed-room—I did not see the prisoner again that evening—I was up when mistress returned—when she inquired for the plate-box, I said I had taken it up stairs empty.





PHILIP CHAELES MOORE
. I am a proctor, and reside at Doctors' Commons. In consequence of information of this robbery on the 21st of December, I caused handbills to be printed, and received information on the 5th of January from Bourke and Thompson—I accompained them to North Audley-street—I arrived at a house about eleven o'clock, and while there I heard a ring at the bell—Bourke weat down stain immediately—I followed him—Thompson was waiting in the street—I found the prisoner in the passage—I seized him by the collar, and said, "Daniel O'Donnell"—he said, "Yes, Sir," acknowledging his name—I said, "Are you not ashamed of having robbed my mother of her plate?"—his reply was, "Yes, I am, Sir"—I then gave him in charge of the policeman.





PATRICK BOURKE
 (police-constable D 19.) In consequence of information, I went with Mr. Moore to North Audley-street—Thompson went with us—I went up stairs—I heard a ring at the bell, I came down stairs; and, on coming down, I saw the prisoner—I asked him if his name was William Hill—he said, "Yes"—I asked him if he wanted a situation—he said, "Yes"—after a little time, he asked me if I wanted him—I was in my uniform—I said I could not tell at the moment—upon that Mr. Moore came up, and seized him by the collar, and said, "What, Daniel O'Donnell!"—he said, "Yes, Sir." Mr. Moore said, "Are you not ashamed of yourself for robbing my mother of her plate?"—he said, "Yes, I am"—I then opened the door—Thompson was standing outside, and we took him into custody.





THOMAS HENRY THOMPSON
 (police-sergeant D 4.) On the 5tn of January I accompanied the witnesses to North Audley-street—I remained outside—I saw the prisoner pass me, and go to No. 39, North Audley-street—he went in—I remained at the door, and afterwards took him into

custody—as we went to the station-house, some conversation passed between Bourke and him, but I was on the other side of him, and did not hear it—when I got him to the station-house, I asked him if he knew what he was taken into custody for—he said, "Yes," it was in consequence of Mr. Moore being there—I have some articles which I took from him at the station-house, but they do not relate to the plate.





HENRY WILLIAM MORRISON
. I am gaoler at Marylebone police-office. On the prisoner being examined, I was taking him to prison the second time, when he was re-committed—I did not hold out any threat or promise to him—on being locked up in a cell with many prisoners, he said it was very uncomfortable there being so many, and I took him to another lock-up place, and put him by himself—he then asked me if I knew whether a man named Griffiths was taken into custody—I said I did not know; I believed not—he said, "He ought to be—I am sorry for it—he is the man who has brought me into this trouble—he advised me to commit the offence for which I am placed here"—I then left him—on going to him again, he asked for some refreshment; which I accordingly allowed him—he requested to know at what time he should go away in the van, and which way we should go; whether we should go directly from there to the prison—I told him the route we took—he said, "I should like to go another way if you could make it convenient;" and not at all being out of the way, I said I would go that way, not knowing at the time his reason—when I called him out of the lock-up place, I wanted to know his motive for wishing to go round a particular way—he said, "Why, I with to show you where I took the plate to; where we sold it"—I said, "I do not want to know any thing about that"—he said, "I wish to show you where the plate was taken to, that that fellow, Griffiths, should be taken into custody"—we went the way he wished to go, and he pointed to a house where he said they went to with the plate, which was in Broad-street, Bloomsbury—he said, "The plate was not sold there—it was taken from us, and carried by a boy; and from there we went down a street—if you will allow me to wait a moment, I will point out the street to you," being still in the road to Bow-street, where I had to call for more prisoners—he showed me the house where the plate was sold, and told me what part of the house, and what he got for it—I then went on to the prison with him; and, at the third examination, he was very anxious to know whether Griffiths was taken into custody—I said I believed not—he asked several times whether Griffiths was in the office—I said I did not know—at last some friends outside gave him information that Griffiths was in the office—he asked me if he was going to be committed, as he ought to be—I said, "I know nothing about it;" and just as we were going away, I took him some refreshment—he said, "When we go down again in the van, I will show you where we threw the box;" but, at the time of starting, he said, "I wish to explain to you where we went to, and probably I can describe it better than I can show it—on coming out from the house where I showed you where we sold the plate, and got the money for it, we turned to the right hand after coming out of the house, which led us into Long-acre—there is a new house building in Long-acre, opposite the end of the street; and there is a hoard round it; and when we got to that, we threw the box over the hoard"—he said "we" all the time—I said, "We?" he said, "I mean that vagabond, Griffiths—we threw the box over the hoard,"—I afterwards went to make inquiry, and found Thomas Langthorpe, in consequence of information—he lived at

No. 17, Huntley-street, Tottenham-court-road—when I got there, I saw Mrs. Langthorpe; I went with her into the kitchen, and found the box, which I produce—it was fresh painted when I found it—I rubbed off some of the paint, as it was not quite dry—the box appears to have had partitions in it, which are now taken out.





THOMAS LANGTHORPE
. I am a bricklayer, and live at No. 17, Huntley-street. A few days before Christmas-day, I was at work at some premises in Long-acre—it is called Phoenix-alley—I do not know the number—I found this box there—I took it home, and gate it to ray wife.





CATHERINE LANOTHORPE
. I am the wife of the last witness. He gave me this box—it was painted brown at the time he gave it to me—I afterwards painted it white, as it is now—it had partitions in it then—I gave it to Morrison.





WILLIAM CLARK
. I am a milkman, and live in Dudley-row, Kingsland-road. I was in Mrs. Moore's service about seven months ago—I know this box to be hers, by the hinges being put outside, and puttied over—I made it myself—I am sure it is her property.

MR. MOORE
re-examined. I had no other tax than the small one Clark made for me to carry the plate to Doctors' Commons in—I believe this to be the box—the plate stolen is worth 80l.
(Frances Patterson, wife of James Patterson, a tailor, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
