



644. 




JEREMIAH GROGAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of December, 1 pair of boots, value 5s., the goods of 



John Franklin; and that he had before been convicted of felony.






JAMES FRANKLIN
. I live in the Walworth-road, in the parish of St. Mary, Newington, in Surrey. About five or ten minutes before eight o'clock, on the morning of the 20th of December, the prisoner came and asked if we had any worsted shoe-laces—my father is a shoemaker, and his Christian name is John—I told him we had no worsted ones, we had silk and leather—he asked to see a pair of silk—I went to the top of the shop to get them, and as I returned, I saw him putting his hat on—he asked me what the laces came to—I said 2d.—he said a half-penny was enough for them—I said I could not take it—he went out of the shop—I went out and watched him—I saw him join another person, about five doors from the shop—I followed, and when he got to the turning, he left the other, took his hat off, and ran with his hat in front of him—I followed, calling "Stop thief!"—he ran down a court, and came up with his hat on, and threatened to knock me down if I ran after him, but I followed him into the Kennington-road, met a policeman, and gave him in charge—I returned to the shop, and missed a pair of boots off a nail—he had run down Prospect-place—a man named Clark lives there—after being at the shop, we returned to the court, and met Clark's boy, who asked if we had lost any thing, and his father showed us the boots—there is a school-room in Williams'-court, which joins the houses in Prospect-place—I find my father's mark on the boots—they had been brought into the shop the night before.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Are you quite certain the prisoner is the young man who came into the shop? A. Yes; he first went down Prospect-place, and then down Williams'-court—I was the only person in the shop—there were persons in the street when I went out—my father was not up—just as I went to pursue him, the shopwoman came

into the shop—I kept sight of him from the time he left the shop, till he came out of the court—while he ran down the court, I saw him at the end of Prospect-place, and when he turned round Williams'-court, I lost sight of him; and when I got up to Williams'-court, he was coming up, and put his hat on—young Clark did not come out till after he was secured—the other boy left him at the corner of Prospect-place.





JOSEPH CLARK
. I live with my father in Prospect-place, Newington. He is a turner—on the morning of the 20th of December, I went into the yard of our house, and found a pair of boots—there is a school-room between our yard and Williams'-court—it is a low building—a person in Williams'-court could throw the boots over the school-room into our yard, easily—I took the boots in to my father—somebody told me they were in the yard, and I found them—my father delivered them to the constable, in my presence—I am quite sure they were the same.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to say they never went out of your sight till you gave them to your father? A. Why, yes, I suppose for about five minutes—the wall of the school is in Williams'-court—there is no outer yard in Williams'-court—our yard is on the other side of the school-room from Williams'-court—they must have been thrown over the school-room—I found them about four feet from the school-room, which is about six feet broad—they were thrown about the middle of our yard—I could throw them over the school-room myself—a boy next door told me of it—he was in his master's garden.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (police-constable L 4.) On the morning of the 20th of December, I was called to take the prisoner into custody—I met Joseph Clark—I went to his father's, and received a pair of boots from him, in his son's presence.





JAMES FRANKLIN

re-examined. I know these boots to be my father's—they have his mark on them.

Cross-examined. Q. What is the mark? A. "F. 5."—we know the size—my father marks his boots in that way—I know them to be the boots which hung on the nail, by that mark—there were others marked the same, but there was not another pair hanging over the rail, of that size—we had sold no 5's that week, and these had only come in overnight.





PETER MCKEAND
 (police-constable M 153.) I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at the Town-hall, Borough, when the prisoner was tried and convicted—he is the person mentioned in the certificate (read.)

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known him? A. I never saw him before he was taken on that charge—I cannot say whether I have seen him since—I know his brother.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
