





2086. 
               
                  JANE 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of September
, 1 hat, value 7s.; 1 waistcoat, value 2s., and 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Cratzra
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN CRATZRA. I am a sugar-baker
, and live at the Brown Bear, Leman-street, Whitechapel. I met the prisoner in the Commercial-road, about eleven o'clock at night, on a Saturday in September - she took me to her house, in Albion-street, Commercial-road


; we had before been to a public-house - I went up stairs at her house, and we had some rum there; when it was time for me to go home, she would not let me go, and locked the door; I was there about a quarter of an hour - when I wanted to go she asked me for a sovereign; I said I had not got so much, but I gave her 6s. 6d. - she then would not let me go, but took my hat, silk handkerchief, and waistcoat from me; she said I might have them if I brought her a sovereign - I parted with my things to get away; I got out, and called a Policeman.
Prisoner. Q.Did I take off your things and lock the door? A. Yes - she first asked if I would go and see her home; she took my hat off, and I took off my waistcoat, and gave it to her.
COURT. Q. Could you not have pushed her away? A. I do not know; she would not let me go out - she locked the door; I could not help it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MIDDLEDITCH
               



            . I was an officer at that time. I saw the prosecutor crying; he told me he had been robbed - I went with him to a house in Albion-street; I first went up stairs, and then into a room on the ground floor - there was the prisoner, and three or four other women; the presecutor pointed the prisoner out - I demanded the clothes; the prisoner said she was not the person, and knew nothing about them - I searched the room, and found this property; when I took the prisoner she said she was a modest girl, and thought no barm of taking the clothes.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met this prosecutor; he went with me, and he sent for half a pint of rum - I had some of it, and he and my landlady had some; he then said he had no money, but he would give me his coat to pawn -I said I would have nothing to do with that; he then said he would go and get some from his friends - he went down, and in a quarter of an hour he brought in a Policeman; I said I was with him, but I knew nothing about his clothes - I was searched at the watch-house, and 3s. were found on me, with which I was going to market; I did not ill use him, nor do anything bad to him - there was nothing of his found in my room; I am married, but my husband is not in town.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
