






OLD COURT. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 24.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1833. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     CORCORAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of July
, 1 coat, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Nichols
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  NICHOLS
               



            . I am a labourer
. On the 18th of July I was at the Rose and Crown, St. Giles'


 - it was a very wet afternoon; I went to have a pint of beer - my coat was wet; I pulled it off, and while I was unbuttoning it Sullivan said, "What do you want for that old coat, old chap?" I said I would not take less than 10s. for it; he came and laid hold of it, and said, "Let me fit it on;" he took it, and put it on - Corcoran was sitting by his side, drinking with him; he was going out with the coat on - I pushed him back, and said, "Don't go away with my coat;" Corcoran instantly pulled me back, and held me back while Sullivan ran out with the coat, and then he followed him - I went into the passage, but did not know which door they ran out at; I described them to two Policeman.


                  EDWARD 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a Policeman. Nichols described the prisoners to me: I knew them from his description, and found them both in bed together, at one o'clock in the morning - I took Sullivan, but did not then know Corcoran was concerned - he was afterwards taken; I found the prosecutor's coat on the bed.
Sullivan. The man himself put the coat on my back, and offered to sell it.


                  JOHN 
                  NICHOLS
               



            . It is not true.


                  THOMAS 
                  KENNEDY
               



            . I keep the public-house. I remember seeing Sullivan in the tap-room; I remember seeing Nichols there - I do not know Corcoran: he might be there - I saw no part of the transaction inside the house: I was in the yard - Sullivan passed me, and went out at a very quick pace, with a great coat like this on; another man followed him out quickly, but I did not see his face.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Sullivan's Defence. His coat was not wet at all - he took it off, and offered it for sale to another man, and then to me; I had not enough to purchase it, and he said if I would sell it he would stand something to drink.
Corcoran's Defence. He put the coat on Sullivan's back, and he went out with it - I went in about ten minutes, and met Sullivan very much intoxicated.
SULLIVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CORCORAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Confined Three Months
            .
