





104. 




CHARLES SHARP
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
27th of October, 1 £5 Bank-note, the property of 



Henry William Woods, his master, in his dwelling-house; and 





GEORGE JOINER
 and 




THOMAS SHARP
 were indicted for

 feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen.






HENRY WILLIAM WOODS
. I am a bookseller and stationer, and live in Old Cavendish-street. The prisoner, Charles Sharp, was in my employ as errand-boy for about eight weeks—I have seen his brother, Thomas, before I had given Charles notice to quit my service on the Saturday previous to Monday, the 27th of October—he was to quit on the Saturday following—on the morning of Tuesday, the 28th, the officer called and asked if I had been robbed—I said I had missed money at times—I looked into my cash-box and missed a £5 note—I gave the officer the number of it from my book—I went to Mr. Compton's afterwards—Sharp had asked leave to go home earlier than usual on the Monday night, as his father was going to buy him some clothes—I allowed him to go about eight o'clock—he had no access to my box—it was always inside a desk in the shop, which desk was always locked—I or my wife kept the key—(looking at a note)this is the note I missed.





JOHN COMPTON
. I am a cheese-monger, and five in Wellbeck-street, Cavendish-square. The prisoner Joiner came to me on Monday, the 27th, between six and seven o'clock—he lives at Miss Spalding's, just opposite me, in Wigmore-street—he brought this note, and asked if I would give his ladies change for a £5 note, which I immediately did—the principal part in half-sovereigns, and some in half-crowns.





EDWARD LANGLEY
. I am a policeman. On Monday night, the 27th of October, I saw the prisoners together about eleven o'clock in the New-cut

cut, near the Victoria Theatre—I afterwards saw a common prostitute join them—Thomas Sharp pulled a bag out of his bosom, and gave half-a-sovereign to Joiner, and put the bag back into his bosom—I saw him go into a cook-shop with the girl, and change a half-a-sovereign—I took them all three into custody, and asked what they had about them—Charles Sharp said they had only 3s.6d. among them—I found three half-sovereigns on Thomas Sharp—on Charles Sharp 6s. 6d., and on Joiner 4s.9d.—Joiner said he had something to say—the other two were taken away, and did not hear him—he said Charles Sharp had been having a good deal of money for some time, and on that day he had taken a £5 note, and that morning he had appointed to meet them in the evening, saying he knew where to get a fiver—that they accordingly met in the evening, and stayed till Charles came from his master's, and said, "I have got it"—that he then received it, and changed it at Compton's, a baker's shop—I went next morning to Mr. Woods, who had missed the £5 note—I found a watch on joiner, which he said he bought out of the money, and gave 18s. for it—I did net go to the place he described.

Charles Sharp's Defence. I am sorry to say I was led away by Edward Knight—I was advised to take master's cash-box by him—he is a cabman—he said if I would take it he would receive it from me.

Joiner's Defence. He advised me to do the same, and give it to him, and if I got it, we were all to go into, the country together—that he would put us into an Oxford waggon, and he would come to us in two or three days, and go about the country with us for two or three years.

Thomas Sharp's Defence. He advised me to do the same, and said if I got the box he would take us into the country—I would not promise to get it, and he advised my brother—I believe he was entirely led away by him—he was always riding him about in the cab, and wanted him to get it—on Monday morning he wanted him to get the cash-box—my brother said he did not like to take it—he was waiting for him in the afternoon, and asked if he had got it—my brother said, "No"—he said he would give him a ride to the Strand if he would promise to get the money when he came back—my brother, said he would try—my brother afterwards came to me, and said he had got it, and I gave it to Joiner.

CHARLES SHARP—


GUILTY
. Aged 13. 


Transported for Life.

JOINER—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

THOMAS SHARP—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.




Transported for Fourteen Years.

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
