





Before Mr. Justice Littledale.
744. 
               
                  
                     JONATHAN 
                     HUDSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of April
, 1 mare, value 10l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pavitt
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PAVITT
               



            . I am a farmer
, living at Bayford, about three miles and a half from Hertford


 - I lost this mare on the 25th of April, or early in the morning of the 26th - she was missing on the 26th from one of the pastures close to the house - I had not seen it there myself - on the Sunday I heard a mare had been detained on the road, and I saw her at the Elephant, in Kingsland-road, and knew her to be mine - I had had her more than eight years - she is about fourteen years old - there were several marks on her- she was a dark brown mare, almost black, and had a slip down her face, and two or three white spots on her near shoulder.


                  JOHN 
                  PENN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Pavitt, and have the care of his horses. On the 25th of April I put this mare in the pasture close to the house, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon - I went to look for her about ten o'clock next morning, and she was gone - I did not see her again until late on Wednesday, the 29th, in the cow-house, at master's premises - it was the same mare - she is a dark brown.


                  JAMES 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a police-serjeant. On Saturday, the 26th of April, I was on duty, and met the prisoner at half-past four o'clock in the morning, in the Kingsland-road - he had a mare, and was leading her, coming towards town - I asked him where he was going with the mare - he said he was going to the knackers with her - I told him I thought she was too good for the knackers - he said, no she was not, she was quite worn out, she was of no use but for the knackers - I asked him who it belonged to - he said it belonged to his brother at Hertford-heath - I then took him to the station-house, and from there to Worship-street, with the mare - I asked him who it belonged to at the station-house, and he gave me the same answer, that it belonged to his brother at Hertford - he was taken to Worship-street on Saturday morning, the 26th - what he said there was taken down in writing - he was remanded until the Monday - I put the mare up at a livery stable, at the Elephant, in the Kingsland-road - it is a very dark brown mare- I did not see Pavitt till Monday morning, at Worship-street, where I had brought the mare to - Pavitt saw it there in my presence - he claimed it and took it home.
WILLIAM PAVITT re-examined. I saw the mare on Sunday at the Elephant, in the Kingsland-road, and also on the Monday following at Worship-street - I saw Clark in Kingsland-road on the Sunday, and on the Monday we went to Worship-street together - I followed behind him - I saw the mare at Worship-street, in his presence - it was mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I went after a job of work, and I had 5l. 10s. in my pocket - on Cheshunt-common I lit on a man named Pitts, as he told me - he asked if I wanted to buy a mare - I told him "No" - he said, "If you are out of work you may get 1l. or 2l. by it" - I said, "What do you want for it?" - he said "5l. 10s." - I bid him 3l. 10s. - he said I should have it - I gave him the money - he said,"There is no doubt, if you go to London, you may clear 2l. on it" - I said I would, as I had nothing to do - this was last Friday fortnight evening, about five o'clock.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 48. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
