




354. 




ANNA JARDINE
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
20th of December 8 spoons, value 2l.; and 2 ladles, value 2l.; the goods of 



John Nassau Clark; and 





ROBERT JARDINE



 for feloniously receiving the tame, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, and 2nd. COUNT, for receiving them of an evil-disposed person.






LOUISA CLARK
. I am the wife of John Nassau Clark. On the 20th of December the female prisoner came to my house to char—I had examined the plate on the 12th of December, and found eight spoons ail two ladles, and the rest of the plate all right—they were kept in a placebox (which was locked) under the bed up stairs—I had not examined it after the 12th—the prisoner went to that room on the 20th, when she came I did not miss these spoons and ladles till the officer brought them—there are them—whoever took them must have taken them from the box the lock was not broken, it was quite right—the key of it was in another her in my possession, and that was kept locked.





GEORGE TYLER
. I live in Holywell-street, and am a watchmake On Tuesday, the 20th of December, the male prisoner came to my house between ten and eleven o'clock, with these spoons and ladles—he asked I purchased old silver—I said I did—he asked me 4s. an oz.—I said had not weights enough to weigh it—I would go and get some weights I had suspicion of him, and got an officer, who took him and the woman who was waiting outside.





GEORGE FOSTER
 (police-constable F 60.) On the 20th of December Mr. Tyler fetched me—I saw the woman on the opposite side of the road—I told the man I wanted him—he asked me whether I thought he had stolen the plate—I said I did not know whether he had or not—I took him to the station-house—he said he had picked it up, and named the street, but I forget it.

Ann Jardine. I was walking with my husband when he picked up the parcel.

Richard Jardine. I never had a shilling but what I worked hard for—I never broke the laws of my country.

ANNA JARDINE—


GUILTY
. Aged 38. 


Transported for seven Years.

ROBERT JARDINE—


GUILTY
. Aged 38. 


Transported for seven Years.
