



2287. 




MARY SULLIVAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of October, from the person of 



Henry Moriarty, 1 purse, value 1d.; 6 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, and 1 £100 Bank-note; his goods, and monies.






HENRY MORIARTY
. I am porter to Mr. Thompson, of Oxford-street. On Saturday last I was going home in the evening, about ten o'clock, and met an acquaintance in Oxford-street, named John Wright—we went to have some ale—the prisoner and another female came into the public house—I do not know what house it was—I was not sober—we talked with the females a little there, and then left—the females came after us and wanted something to drink, and we went into a house in Quebec-street, where we had half a pint of rum with them—I sat down some time, and after we parted the prisoner took me into the fields across the Edgeware-road, and I sat down with her on the grass—it was then Sunday morning—I gave her no money—I made no bargain with her—I found myself fast asleep the next morning on the grass—I awoke some time in the morning—when I sat down I had a £100 note and 7l. in gold, and a purse wrapped in two pieces of paper—it was safe when I met the prisoner in Oxford-street—I missed it when I awoke—I went home and went to bed—I got up an hour or two after and went out—I am not a single man—I did not tell my wife, what had happened—I went to the police and told them what had occurred, and the policeman found the prisoner—I had recovered my senses then—that was about ten o'clock—I found the prisoner in bed in Edward's-place, up stairs—the policeman and Wright went in before me—I charged her with robbing me of a purse containing a £100 note and 7l. in gold—she denied all of it—the policeman told her to get out of bed—she made some fumbling about, but he insisted she should, and he found some papers which dropped from her, and after some searching he found the purse with the £ 100

note in it on the floor under the bedstead—the paper he first picked up was the one the purse was in—I found none of the gold.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. In what sort of a state were you when you got to the field? A. I was not sober—something passed between me and the prisoner—I believe the prisoner was quite sober—she had drank some spirits with me—we only drank at one public-house—when I awoke in the morning I recollected all that had happened—there was nobody with me but the prisoner, to the best of my knowledge—she was sober—I was not very drunk—I cannot tell how long we were together—I got to the field about one or two o'clock—I cannot tell when I left—this purse was wrapped in a piece of paper—the policeman and Wright went into the prisoner's room first—the prisoner, had her clothes on in had—I knew my note—I had had it about a month, and I thought I would put it into the bank—I told my wife that I had lost it—I did not tell her what was not true.





JOHN WRIGHT
. I am a smith. I was with the prosecutor at a public-house—the prisoner came in after us—I left them both there together, where we had the rum.





WILLIAM WIGGINS
. I am a Police Inspector. The prosecutor applied to me, and described the person—I went to the prisoner's residence, and found her in bed—t awoke her, and she sat up in bed—I asked what she did with the prosecutor's money—she said, so help her God, she had seen no money, nor had it—she began to dress—I said, "You may as well give the man his note"—she said she had not had it—she was then getting up—I saw something in her hand—I told her to give it me—I took this piece of paper from her hand—the prosecutor said, "This paper was round my purse"—she got out of bed, and then this other piece of paper fell from her bosom, and the prosecutor said, "That is the other piece of paper"—I, oiled Cresswell in with me—he searched the bed, and picked up the purse from the floor under the bed, and the £100 note in it—no gold was found—the prisoner said she had the note, but had not seen any sovereigns





HENRY MOKIARTY

re-examined. This is my purse, and this is my note,—the sovereigns were in the same purse.




GUILTY
. *—Aged 34.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
