





640. 
               
                  JOHN HENRY 
                  PASCOE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Harris
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM HARRIS. I am a journeyman baker
, and live in Henry-street, Cumberland market. On Sunday night, the 30th of March, I was going along the New-road


, about half-past eight o'clock - I lost this handkerchief - it has my initials on it.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am an officer of Marylebone - on the following Monday I saw the prisoner - I followed him to a house in Short's-gardens - I put my hand to his pocket, and said, "What have you got here?" - he said, "A dirty shirt, and I will show it you" - he put his hand to his pocket, pulled out these four handkerchiefs, and threw them through the window into the yard, in a moment - I seized him by the collar, and asked some men who were at work in the yard to give me the handkerchiefs, but they took no notice of it - the prisoner then began to make some resistance - I took out my staff and said I was an officer, and if he made any resistance, I would make a hole in him - I then called to the men again to give me the handkerchiefs, but one of them took them up and threw them into a hole which they were digging - I said, "Is there not one honest man among you? - mind, I know you all, and if you do not give them to me, I will have you up" - at last one man took them out, and another man gave them to me - I then brought the prisoner out - he made great resistance in the street, and some women pulled my arm and some men ill used me - one of them bit my thumb, and I was very ill used - if a policeman had not come up, I must have lost the prisoner.


                  STEPHEN 
                  READER
               



             (police-constable F 149). I came up and assisted the witness.
Prisoner. A young man asked me to carry them - the officer came and took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
