





884. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BISHOP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of March
, 1 counterpane, value 2s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s., and 2 caps, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Hewitt
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  HEWITT
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Hewitt
               



            , a shoemaker
 - we live in Wentworth-street


. I have known the prisoner a year and a half or more; she came to lodge with me on the 29th of March, but she had no money, and I refused to let her in - she went away, but was brought in again between ten and eleven o'clock with the property, which is mine; she had been in my house about a quarter of an hour.


                  MOSES 
                  JACOBS
               



            . I live in Wentworth-street. On the 29th of March the prisoner came between ten and eleven o'clock, and wanted me to buy these articles; I said I would not have them - she said she wanted 1s. for them; I said I would not buy them if she wanted but 1d.; she then said she had brought nothing in, but wanted a shift - I called the officer and gave charge of her.


                  GEORGE 
                  CRAWLEY
               



            . I was on duty and took the prisoner; I heard the witness say they did not suit him - he would not have them.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. They were given me by a woman who lodged in the house with me; this wicked woman has been swearing falsely against me - the officer knows I was in such a state I did not know what I was doing; she is the ruin of hundreds - her door is always opened at seven o'clock in the evening, for poor creatures to be brought in to be ruined; one of her favourite lodgers now lies in a cell.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
