



437. 




JAMES COLLINS
 was indicted

for feloniously receiving, of an evil disposed person, on the 
19th of January, 360lbs. value 60l., the goods of 



Thomas Newen; well knowing the same to have been feloniously stolen against the Statute, &c.






THOMAS NEWEN
. My warehouse is at No. 73, Aldersgate-street. I do not live there—it was broken open a short time since, and we lost a quantity of dressed leather, about 60l. in value—this (examining some leather) is part of what we lost—I can swear to the whole of it—I lost about 3 cwt.


Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When did you miss it? A. On Monday, the 4th of January—I cannot say whether it was stolen on Saturday night or Sunday—it was safe on the Saturday—I saw some of it again about a fortnight afterwards—there was time for it to have gone through several hands.





JAMES TRODD
. I am porter to Mr. Newen. I locked up the warehouse safe Saturday evening, and on the Monday found it had been broken and the leather gone—I can speak to the identity of the leather.





JAMES PAGE
. I live at No. 229. Kent-street, Borough, and am a shoemaker. On Saturday, the 16th of January, I was in Newgate-market, and met the prisoner Collins about two o'clock—I I have known him for the last six or seven years—but I had not seen him before for eight or nine months—he said, "I wanted to see you, I was coming over this afternoon, or on Monday morning to see you"—I said, "What do you want?"—he said, "I have got some goods to sell that I think will suit you"—he is a sadler, and buys up old harness. and takes it into the country and sells it—he lived in the Borough-road four or five years ago—I asked him what goods they were—he said, "Some calf butts, and there is some what they call kip butts, and some what they call kip gray—are you a buyer?"—I said, "It depends upon the figure"—he said, "You can have them at your own price. or at any rate 1s. or 1s. per lb. less than the cost prices—at what time will you be home?"—I said I should be home about four o'clock—he said, "I will be over about four o'clock at your house"—I left him there—I went was a man with me who has the care of a shop of mine—I went home and waited till four o'clock—he did not come—I went out about half-past four o'clock, and met him coming—we walked home together, and when we got home he pulled one calf butt out of his pocket, tied up in a handkerchief as a sample—I said, "You told me you had got some kip butts and kip grays"—he said, "The kip butts are sold, here is the sample kip butts and kip grays"—but it was not kip grays—I asked him what he wanted for the calf butts, and how many there were—he said, six dozen and they were worth 3s. per lb,—I said, "They are not worth that to me—I can't give more than 2s"—he said. "We can't take that for them"—he was going to take it away—I said, "You may as well leave that with me—I will cut it up, and If it turns out better than I think it will, if you come over on Monday morning, I may be able to give you a little more"—he said, "I can't leave it with you"—I said, "Well, but we will weight it, and I will pay you it at the rate of 3s. per lb., the price you ask, and I will cut it up before you come over on Monday morning"—I sent my son out to get it weighted—it weighed 1 lb. 6 1/2s.—I gave him 4s. 3d. for it—he he then went away, and took with him the cordovan shank. which he called kip gray—on Monday he came over again about twelve o'clock—he then pulled out of the kip butts, which he told me on Saturday were sold"——I looked at it, and saw the mark was nearly taken out, but I could see where it had been—I said, "You told me on Saturday these were sold"—he said, "I thought they were"—I then asked what he wanted for them—he said. "We think they are worth as much as the calf butts"—I said, they were not—I would give from 20d. to or 22d. per lb.—he said, "will you give any more for the calf butts!"—I said I could not give more than 2s.—he said, "What will you give for the kip grays?—will you give 1s. 6d. per lb?"—I said, "Yes, I will give 1s. 6d. per lb, for that"—this was about 12 o'clock—he was to come again on Monday evening at eight o'clock—I was at home till eight o'clock. but he did not come I went over to the public house, and left word

that I was over the way at the Artichoke—he came about half-past eight o'clock—I heard him ask the landlady for me—I went out, and asked him to come into the parlour—he said, "I have got a female with me. I can't"—I said, "Ask her in"—he came in with the female, and sat in the parlour—he said, "Well, you are to have the kip butts at your own price, (whish was from 20d) and you are to have thirteen of the calf butts at your price. (which was 2s., per lb.) and you are to have the kip gray at 1s. 6d. "—he said, there might be from 30 to 40lbs. weight of it—I said, "Well, but Collins, you told me there were six dozen of the calf butts, and now you tell me there are thirteen—I suppose you have picked out the worst of them"—he said, "No, that is not it, when you have got these, and we find it is all right you will have the remainder"—we sat there talking, and he said, "If you and your son were to buy 60 or 70lbs. of goods, if they came in this way (crossing his fingers) you could cut them up in one night"—I said, "Yes, I dare say we could"—he asked what time I should be home the next day—this was on Monday evening—the goods were not brought at this time—I forgot to mention that when he bought the kip butt as a sample, I wished him to leave that in the same manner as he had the calf butt, and said we would weigh it, and I would pay him for it—he said so, he would not leave that, unless I would cut it up in his presence, while he waited, which I declined to do—on the Monday evening, I asked him when he would bring the goods over—he said, when would it suit me, I said, "To-morrow, at twelve o'clock"—and about half-past twelve o'clock he came with a truck, and another man drawing it—previous to that I had been over to Mr. Newen, who sent two officers with me, and we put them in the Artichoke parlour till the prisoner and the man came with the goods—the truck was loaded up apparently with old traces, and old chaise aprons—I had a customer in my shop, who had come from the country—the prisoner said to me. "Who is that man?"—I said, "A customer of mine, it is all right, bring them in," and he said directly, "You see I have brought this old harness"—(I had bought old traces of him before, but not at that time)—I told him to bring it in, and he took it through the shop—the goods were done up in old harness, and concealed—they were in three different parcels covered up in old leather—he took them through the shop into the room where I keep my leather—as soon as the leather was in, I shut the door, and said to Collins, who was in the shop, "Come over the way and I will pay you," and we went to the Artichoke—I had not undone the parcels not seen the inside of them—as soon as they came over the way, I gave both the men in charge of the officers—I was present afterwards when the officers unpacked the parcels—this is a part of what was in the parcels—it has my mark on it.

Cross-examined. Q. Is your man here, whom you say was present at one of these conversations? A. No—he overheard what was said, and them he went into the market—Collins said all through this business, "We," and I thought there were more persons concerned in it.

Q. Did not tell the Magistrate, that when he came to the public-house he told you that he had made a bargain for you for the leather? A. I think he did—I believe he did—the contents of the truck are have—it was broad daylight when the truck was brought—I do not know the man who came with the prisoner—I never saw him before—I believe his name was Brows I did not hear Collins say that a man offered him the leather for sale—I have known him from six to seven years—he had been a repairer of old harness—I always considered him an honest. industrious man.


COURT, Q. You say, he did at first say, "I have made a bargain for you?" A. Yes I believe he did—the man who brought the leather said he was hired by him as a porter—Collins had told me to cut the marks out of all the heads as soon as I got them.





ROBERT TYRRELL
. I am an officer. I went with another officer to the Artichoke public-house—we waited there about half an hour—the prisoner came with another person, and page said, "These are the men, I give them into custody"—I searched Collins, and asked him where he lived—he said, "In the City"—I said the City was a large place, whereabouts there!—he said again, "The City"—I said, "If you do not choose to tell me I shall not ask you any more"—he then said he lived in Gunpowder. alley, Shoe-lane, No. 10. or 9—I then said it was my duty to ask him how he came in possession of this leather—he said a man had met him on the Thursday previous, as he was coming out his house, about the middle of the day, and asked him if he dealt in harness and leather—he replied, "Yes"—I asked him if he knew the man, and where he lived—he said he did not know any thing about him—he had never seen him before to his knowledge—I asked the description of the man—he said "A tall thin man"—that he had got some leather to dispose of, and he called on the Friday, and brought him a skin, and on the Saturday he brought the whole of the leather in a sort of chaise cart in two black bags—I said. "Would a man leave that quantity of leather with you without your knowing any thing at all about him?—he said, "He did leave it"—I took the men and the leather in a hackney-coach to Guildhall, and then went and searched the prisoner's house, in Gunpowder-alley, and in the upper room I found two calf butts in this handkerchief, two black bags, and a great deal of old harness leather, which we did not meddle with—the other prisoner was discharged—I found this chisel which corresponded with the marks on the desk which was broken open in the prosecutor's ware house; but it was in a place where the prisoner works with these tools, and he being indicted for receiving I did not mention this—this is a common piece of iron, and the other seems a sort of screw-driver—these were not by themselves, but tucked in a piece of leather by the side of the window, where there were awls and things of his trade.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not he tell you that the man had brought them in two black bags? A. Yes; and we found these two bags—I did not mention about the chisels, because I thought it did not allude to this, the man being indicted for receiving; but that evidence would not have done alone, because many chisels would have agreed with the marks—he gave me his address correctly—I asked him, when he said the leather came in two black bags, why he had not brought it in the bags rather than take in out, and put it in leather—he then said he had brought some harness for Mr. Warren, who he said did not know it was coming, but he was going to see if he would have it—the harness would cover the leather better than the bags—this is one of the bags—it would cover leather.

COURT
to
JAS. PAGE. Q. You stated he said he would not leave it unless you would cut it up in his presence; did he give as a reason, that it was not this? A. He said he could leave it—I said, it could make no difference to the party—I considered there were one or two more—but I said, "If you had the money. it can make no difference. "

Prisoner's Defence. what this man says is not correct—I told him it was not mine, and if I left, they night think I was going to do something wrong—but I said I would bring the calf-skins and two kip-skins—I told him I did not know one from the other—I

told him, if he could do any good with if, I would wait while he cut it up—but as to his saying I would not leave without his cutting it up, it is as false as any thing can be—there is not a man better known in London than I am—I go about with goods on my shoulder or in a cart, and deal with respectable persons.

MR. NEWEN re-examined. I have looked at these two butts of calfskins found in his house—the marks are partly robbed out, but I have no doubt they are mine.

JURY. Q. What is the price of these calf butts? A. About 4s. per lb. the kip-butts are worth about 2s. 6d., the kip greys about 2s.

Prisoner. When I met Mr. Page, I told him it was brought to me, but I did not know calf-skins from kip—as for cutting parts off the leather, I never mentioned a word about it—as for the old harness, it is old leather





JAMES PAGE
. I said to him, on Monday evening, "I suppose it is a bankrupt's stock?"—he said, "Yes, it is"—he said he did not know what the leather was.





ROBERT TYRRELL
. He said he had not bought it, but the man had left the leather with him, in the two bags, and the man was to call in the evening for money.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
