



41. 




MARIA GIBSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of November, 1 purse, value 1s.; 9 shillings; and 4 sixpences; the goods and monies of 



Samuel Briggs.






CAMILLA BRIGGS
. I am the wife of Samuel Briggs. On the 18th of November, I went into a furrier's shop, in Regent-street—I had my reticule, which coutained my purse, with nine shillings and four sixpences in it—It was day-time—I was looking at some boas—I did not see the prisoner in the shop—I saw her when she returned with the policeman—the reticule was not taken, but my purse was taken out—I had laid on a chair by me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Might the purse have fallen out of the reticule? A. It might, but I think it was stolen.





WILLIAM RIDLEY
. I am shopman at Mr. Waits, in Regent-street. I recollect the prosecutrix being there—I saw the reticule on the chair—the prisoner came in while Mrs. Briggs was there—I desired her to wait a short time, as I was engaged—she said she would call again, and was about to leave, when she put her hand into the reticule, and took something out—I asked Mrs. Briggs if she had lost any thing—she said, "Yes"—I followed the prisoner, and caught her by the Bull and Mouth—I gave her in charge.





JOHN KENT
. I am police-constable. I took the prisoner into custody, and saw something drop from her hand—I stooped and picked up the purse.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I picked up the purse in the shop—I kicked it with my feet—I told the shop-woman, if she could not serve me, I would come again—I was nearly ten minutes out of the shop—I had never so much as opened the purse—he asked me to come back—I said, "Certainly," and came back with him—the policeman was coming along—he said, "I give you this woman in charge"—he gave me a sudden push, and the purse fell out of my hand—he took me in Coventry-street.
(Mrs. Butler, Holland-street; Margaret Pears, No. 26, York-street; Matilda Butler, Mr. Dolland, Chapel-street, Oxford-street, tailor, and W. Pears, shoe-maker, No. 20, York-street, gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
