






919. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  DELAFORCE
               




            , and 
               
                  JESSE 
                  DANIELS
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of May
, 2 pair of trowsers, value 5s.; 1 cap, value 2s.; and 1 waistcoat, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Thorp
               



            .
2nd COUNT. Stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Thorp
               



            .
CHARLES THORP. I am thirteen years old. I know the nature of an oath - I live in Chapman's-gardens, Hackney-road


 - I had a box with some things in it - I went out at six o'clock in the morning on the 24th of May - I returned at eleven o'clock at night - when I went into the room I saw a cap on the floor which had been in my box in the morning - I found the box had been broken open, and the lock laying inside it - I missed two pair of trowsers and one waistcoat which had been safe that morning - this is the cap.
JOSEPH THORP. I am father of this witness. I examined this box and missed the articles - I had seen it safe at eight o'clock that morning, and locked as I went to it for a handkerchief, and could not get one - it was in the bed-room, which was not locked - a person could get into the bed-room by going through an empty house adjoining.


                  THOMAS 
                  PAMPHILLON
               



            . I live in Chapman's-gardens, next door to Mr. Thorp. On the afternoon of the 24th of May, I saw the prisoners come out of Mr. Thorp's back window at five minutes before five o'clock - I asked Daniels how he came there - he said Mr. Thorp gave him the key to go in - there is an empty house adjoining - I am sure the prisoners are the boys - Delaforce had a bundle in his hand, and while they were in the room, I heard Daniels say to him, "Why don't you hold your row?"


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



             (police-constable N 214). I took Delaforce from the information of the prosecutors.
Delaforce's Defence. I was working that day from half-past seven o'clock till a quarter to ten o'clock at night.
(Daniels put in a written defence, stating that he was at home till two o'clock in the day, and that he was in the neighbourhood of Stepney and Whitechapel during the rest of the day.)
T. PAMPHILLON re-examined. Q. Are you sure of their persons? A. Yes; I had not known them before, but I am sure they are the boys - I did not know where to find them, but the officer inquired, and found one in Simpson's-place.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROUSE
               



            . I am an iron-dealer, and live at No. 2, Wheeler-street, Spitalfields. Delaforce was in my service - I sent him on the 24th of May, with John Todd, to No. 29, Half Moon-alley, Bishopsgate-street, at a little after four o'clock - I deal in marine stores - he has been my servant about five months - he had 5s. a week - he slept at home, I believe - he comes in the morning about half-past seven or eight o'clock, and leaves about eight in the evening - I did not know his name except William - I have heard his other name before - I do not know how long I have lived where I now do.


                  JOHN 
                  TODD
               



            . I went with Delaforce on the 24th of May - we left Mr. Rouse a little after four o'clock, and went to Mr. Smith's, in Half Moon-street, Bishopsgate - I was there till past six o'clock - I saw 
               Mrs. Smith
             there, and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Stanton
               



             weighed off some iron, and then brought it from Mr. Smith to Mr. Rouse's - Mr. Smith buys the iron, and we went to fetch it - we did not take a truck, but a lad brought a truck there to us - Mr. Rouse came there about five o'clock - we weighed the iron in the scales in the shop - it weighed 7 cwt. and a half - we all helped to put it into the truck - Stanton assisted in doing it - the truck was in the street outside the door - Mrs. Smith was in the shop all the time, to the best of my recollection - I work for Mr. Rouse the same as Delaforce - Mr. Rouse collects old iron from the shops - I have worked with him five years altogether - he has lived where he now does for two years and a half or nearly three years - he before that lived nearly opposite - 
               
                  Sam 
                  Springton
               



             works there - we are employed by Mr. Rouse to sort the iron and rags - we buy of all the marine store shops - we deal with a person named Lyons in Golden-lane - when we received the iron at Mr. Smith's, Delaforce and I went with it to Mr. Rouse - I suppose we got back about half-past six o'clock - Mr. Rouse and my mistress were at home when we got back - I will swear I was with Delaforce from half-past four till past six o'clock, and it was on the 24th of May.
MRS. SMITH. I am the wife of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Smith
               



            : we live in Half-moon-alley. Delaforce was at my house from four o'clock till six that day, taking away the iron - Stanton was there clearing up my shop - Todd came with Delaforce for the iron for Mr. Rouse - they weighed it off - its weight was seven hundred-weight and a half - they took it away in a truck - I cannot say whether they brought the truck with them or not - they put the iron in the scale, and Stanton put the weights in, and I saw the weight - I have known Mr. Rouse for years; he is a marine store dealer - I have not any particular dealings with him.
JOSEPH STANTON. I was employed by Mrs. Smith to sort rags and clear the shop - I saw Todd and Delaforce come there, on 24th of May, for the iron - I left sorting the rags, and they weighed the iron, while I checked the weights - I saw them load it into the truck, which had a dog under it - I did not help to load it.
COURT to THOMAS PAMPILLON. Q. Look very carefully at the prisoners: are you quite sure they are the boys who came out of the window? A. Yes; I am - when they had been out about five minutes, the clock at the gashouse struck five.
(
               
                  Robert 
                  Higgins
               



            , 
               - Palmer
            , and 
               
                  Susan 
                  Manton
               



            , gave Daniels a good character.)
DELAFORCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
DANIELS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
