



266. 




THOMAS BEWS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of November, 2 £20 Bank-notes, and 1 £10 Banknote, the property of 



Michael Dunn, from his person.






MICHAEL DUNN
. I am a porter, and live at No. 30, King-street, Golden-square. On the 29th of November I took two £90 and one £10 notes from my house to my banker, No. 9, Regent-street, but the bank was closed—I then went to a public-house in Newport-street, where I had a glass of ale—when I came out, I put my notes, with eight sovereigns, and come silver, into my boot—I then walked round Newport Market into Castle-street—I went into the new beer-shop, and called for a pint of ale—I put my hand into my pocket, where I thought I had a loose 6d., but I had not—I then took my boot off, and the notes fell out first—the prisoner was sitting in the beer-shop—I had seen him once or twice before—he came

towards me, and picked up the parcel which the notes were, in a piece of printed rag, from under the chair—I had put the money in my pocket—I accused the prisoner of robbing me—he denied it, and went and sat by the table again—I went for a policeman, and when I came back the prisoner was gone—it was then about half past nine o'clock—I had been gone ten minutes or a quarter of an hour for the officer—I inquired where he lived—they said, in Tylor's-court—I went there—he was not at home—the people opened the door, and I sat down till half-past twelve o'clock—he then came up the court whistling and singing—I rushed out, took him by the collar, and said, "You are the man that took my notes"—I called to the officer, who took him—in going along he put something to his mouth, and when he got to the station-house, he was chewing my notes—the officer took one £20 note and one £10 note from his mouth.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long was it since you first saw him? A. About six months—I then saw him in Oxford-street, but was not speaking to him two minutes—my cousin knew him—I do not know No. 19, High-street, Kensington—I never was in that house—I never drank tea with the prisoner any where.

Q. What is the name of your bankers? A. It is No. 9, Regent-street—I cannot recollect the Dame, upon my honour—upon my word I cannot tell—I think it begins with a B—I think it is Hopkins and Barclay—I persist in saying I had never seen the prisoner except once in Oxford-street and that evening—I had not been drinking with him that night—I was not sober—I had had two glasses of ale, but I never touched any of the pint of ale—I had drank two glasses of ale—a glass of ale will make me tipsy sometimes—I was neither drunk nor sober—I called for a pint of ale in the first public-house, and drank two glasses of it—I did not much like it, it was bad—no one went into the second beer-shop with me—I did not leave it with any one—I did not know the officer to whom I gave the prisoner into custody—when I had been to look for the policeman I went into the beer-shop again—I said I had lost £50—I am sure I did not say it was £65—I said I had lost two £20 notes, and one £10 note—I did not say I had lost a £40 and a £10 note.

Q. Did the policeman who went into the beer-shop with you, say that he did not know what to make of your story? A. No: I cannot tell whether I said I would have the house searched, nor whether the policeman said he would not search any body unless I gave somebody in charge.

Q. Did you say that you had taken up your glass and carried it across the room, and asked the prisoner to drink with you? A. I did not—I saw the prisoner take up ray money—I did not say it was tied up—it was folded up in a piece of printed rag—I did not ask the prisoner to drink with me, nor leave the beer-shop with him—there were a great many persons in the shop.

Q. Do you mean to swear deliberately that you and the prisoner did not leave the beer-shop together? A. No, we did not at any time that night—we did not return to the beer-shop together—certainly not.

Q. Did you say, after you came back to the beer-shop, that you had lost some money out of your boot when you were paying for your ale in the beer-shop? A. Certainly, I said I had been robbed of it—I did not say I had lost it—I cannot tell whether any one said I had better fetch a policeman—I cannot bring it to my mind—when I said I was robbed the

prisoner was gone—when I made use of the expression that I had been robbed, I believe the prisoner was in the room—he certainly was there when he robbed me of my money.

COURT. Q. You have said that you said you had been robbed of your money; was the prisoner in the room? A. He was when I was robbed—he was gone when I came back—when he came and took it, he pushed me on one side—I took him by the neck, and said I was robbed.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You took him by the neck, and said that loudly? A. Yes; and then he left me and went to his own table—I went for the policeman—I dare say there were thirty or forty persons there—the room was full—I gave an alarm the moment he took the money—I know the numbers of the notes—I went and got them—I am a porter—I was going that night to my bankers, to take these notes—I went at a quarter past four, and then I did not go home—I went round the market to get something for Sunday's dinner—I went to No. 9, Waterloo-place, with the money—they call it Waterloo-place—it is not the Circus—I had put 120l. there-before—I cannot tell the banker's name—I never took notice of the place—I placed it to my own account—it was not my own saving—it was left me by my father—I never took notice of the abstract they gave me—I cannot read—Mr. Holmes, a master-butcher in Silver-street, went with me to put that money there.





PETER SKELLEY
 (police-constable C 104.) I was on duty on that Saturday night, and heard the cry of "Police," in Princes-street, Soho—I went up—the prosecutor gave the prisoner into my custody, charging him with robbing him of two 20l. notes, and one 10l. note—the prisoner denied it—I took him to the station-house—when we got to the door, I let him in before me—I saw him raise his hand towards his mouth; when I went inside I looked him hard in the face, and saw him move his jaw, and try to swallow something—I seized him, and with the assistance of two men, we wrenched open his mouth with the door-key, and found this £20 and this £10 note in his mouth—these nine sovereigns and a half I found in his pocket.

Cross-examined. Q. You were not in the public-house? A. No; I cannot tell whether the prisoner found the notes, or took them.





MICHAEL DUNN
. These are two of my notes.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How do you know then, as you cannot read? A. I got the numbers—I can read the figures, figure by figure—I cannot tell what they stand for—if you give me another note, I can read it figure by figure—(looking at one) this is 3,105—it is 31,705—I did not take notice of the 7 before.

Prisoners Defence. I have known the prosecutor five or six years—he drank tea with me at Kensington, and I have drank tea with him in the kitchen, where he now lives, where the mangle is—his wife was out—he had one child then, and now he has three.





CHARLES FITZGERALD
. I am a porter at Shepherd and Son's, in Foster-lane. On the 29th of November, I was in the Horse and Groom beer-shop, in Castle-street, Leicester-square—I went about ten o'clock—I saw the prosecutor there and a policeman of the letter C, No. 150—the prosecutor had his hands to his boots, and said he had lost 65l.—he then said 50l., which was in one £40 and one £10 note—he then said it was two £20, and one £10 note—he was in liquor—the policeman said it was a very curious charge, and he called for a pencil to write down what the prosecutor

said—I remember the prosecutor saying he would have the house searched, and the officer said he would not, as nobody was in charge—the prisoner was not there—the prosecutor said the person he suspected was not there—he said he had taken up his glass, carried it across the room, and asked the prisoner to drink with him.





HENRY CAMPION
 (police-constable C 150.) On the 29th of November, I went to this beer-shop with the prosecutor—I cannot say that I recollect the last witness—the prosecutor said he had lost £65, and then he said £50, in two £20 and one £10 note—he then said it was £45—I said I did not know what to make of his charge—he said he would have the house searched—I said if he did not give charge of one, I would not search them all—there were, ten persons there, who all said they were very willing to be searched—the prosecutor said he had had a pint of ale, and asked this person and the other to drink with him—I asked him who he suspected—he said he knew his Christian name was Thomas, but he would take me to his lodgings—he took me to a court in Berwick-street—I said, "You go up stairs, and I will wait here, and see that none goes out"—the prosecutor had been drinking—I think he had drank more than one or two glasses of ale—he was half gone.

COURT. Q. Did he appear to know right from wrong, or what he was about? A. Yes.





THOMAS GILL
. I keep the beer-shop in Castle-street. I was not aware of this circumstance till the policeman was called in—I told the prosecutor I was sorry he had not told me, as I would have shut the door and let no one go out—he mentioned different sums that he had lost, but I could not mention the sums positively.
(Edward Sider, cabinet-maker, of Speldhurst-street; and Richard Black-more, a tailor, of High-street, Kennington, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
