




1694. 




JAMES BLORE
 and 




WILLIAM RUSS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
29th of March, 13lbs. weight of copper, value 9s., the goods of 



William West and 



John Smith, from a certain dock adjacent to the 
river Thames, and that Russ had been previously convicted of felony.






WILLIAM WEST
. I am a shipwright, and live in Abdy-street, Horsley-down. On the 29th of March I and my partner had a quantity of sheet-copper to be removed—we had premises at that time for repairing vessels

—it is a dock adjacent to the Thames—we lost 131lbs. weight of copper, worth about 9d. per lb.





SAMUEL WILLIAM BOTTOMLEY
. I live with my father at Oxley-place, Bermondsey. I saw the prisoners at the fore-and-aft dock, about half-past one o'clock on Good Friday, with the copper—they wanted me to put it into the barge-cabin—Blore had the copper in his hands—he chucked it Overboard into the water off the stage adjoining the wharf—I saw them again about four o'clock the same day, come and put the copper under the punt's bottom—both of them did that—I told the young man who was at work with me of it.

Russ. He did not see who took it, but the policeman threatened to put him in a dark hole in prison for three months if he did not tell him, Witness. He did hot.





THOMAS COSTON
. I am a policeman. I searched among the mud in the dock, and found one sheet of copper under the punt where Bottomley described it, and another sheet in the mud by the side of the boat—I have it here—I had seen the prisoners about half past six o'clock that evening, coming in a direction from the premises, and about one hundred yards from them—they were both apprehended on the Saturday.

Blore's Defence. I was going down to the Railroad to look for work-as I came back I saw this gentleman and the policeman standing together—I passed them, and went home—my foreman came to fetch me to go to work on Good Friday night, and on Saturday morning I got up at half-past five o'clock to go, when the policeman took me.





WILLIAM LEVERICK
 (police-constable R 57.) I produce a certificate from Mr. Lawson, clerk of the peace for Surrey—I was present at Russ's trial in February, 1838—he is the person described in the certificate—(read.)

BLORE—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Twelve Months.

RUSS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
