





1273. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of June
, 1 pair of trousers, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Robertson
               




            .
JOSEPH ROBERTSON. I live in East-street, Lambs Conduit-street. I lost a pair of trousers on the 7th of June, which my daughter had to carry to a person we had to sew them for.


                  FRANCIS 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I have a pair of trousers, which I got from Mott.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MOTT
               



            . I received these trousers from 
               
                  John 
                  Bellison
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  BELLISON
               



            . I found these trousers in the cupboard, on the second floor, at the house I was at work at - I had only seen the prisoner twice before.


                  NENERILLA 
                  ROBERTSON
               



            . I am nine years old; I live with my father, the prosecutor. On the 7th of June my mother gave me a bundle, which I had seen a pair of trousers put into - I was to carry them to Mr. Jones, in Drury-lane: I met the prisoner in Great Queen-street - she came up to me, and asked me to carry a letter to Mrs. Merrit's, and if the lady was at home she would give me 1s.; she said she would give me 1s. when I came out - she said there was half a crown in the letter for a little boy: I was to take it to a court in Queen-street - she asked me to let her hold my bundle till I came out; I went to the place, but only went up a step or two of the house; when I returned the prisoner and my bundle were gone - I was looking for her, and saw William Mott; I told him what had happened, and went with him to a house in Queen-court - the prisoner was up stairs there, and Bellison went and fetched her out.
JOHN BELLISON. I found the trousers in the cupboard of a room, the door of which was shut; the prisoner was on the landing-place.(Property produced and sworn to)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
