



2251. 




JOHN MUNDAY
 was indicted

 for embezzling the sum of 25l., received on account of 



William Samuel Kenrick, his master.—2nd COUNT for stealing an order for the payment of 25l.






WILLIAM SAMUEL KENRICK
. I keep the Phoenix livery stables,

in Princes-street, Cavendish-square. In June last, I was living with my father at his stable in Oxford-street—the prisoner was in my service—on the 20th of June I gave a cheque to Samuel Hambleton for 25l. it is not here, it has been paid—I gave it to him to take to our foreman, whose name I forget—I never saw the prisoner afterwards till the day he was apprehended; and at the station-house he begged and prayed me not to press the charge against him, and said he would pay me 5s. a week—I said, "You are an ungrateful fellow, and I am determined to go through with it"





SAMUEL HAMBLETON
. I am in the employ of Mr. Kenrick. The prisoner and I used to work together at the same stable—in June last the witness gave me a cheque to take to Richard Stevens—he was outside—the prisoner took it out of my hand, said he knew Mr. Broome over the way, and would go and get it cashed—I did not see the prisoner and Stevens together in the yard—I have never said I saw Stevens, and handed him the cheque, saying, "You are to get this changed "—this is my hand writing—(looking at his signature to the deposition)—which being read, stated that he went to Stevens, who was with the prisoner in the yard, that he said to Stevens, "You are to take this, "holding out the cheque," and get it changed," and the prisoner took it out of his hand.

Q. Which is true, that Stevens was there, and you addressed him, and showed him the cheque, or that he was not there? A. I showed the cheque to him—he was not in the yard, he was outside the gateway—I did not hold this conversation with him—I never had any conversation with Stevens about the matter—I saw Stevens outside the gate—I might speak to him, but I did not do as is stated in the deposition—I never held it out to him—nor desired him to get it changed—I had no conversation with him particularly about it—what Stevens said was that he could not get it changed—I did speak to him—I am not a friend of the prisoner's particularly.





WILLIAM BROOME
. I live at 158, Oxford-street. I have not got the cheque here—I sent it to Ransom's bank for payment—there is nobody here from Ransoms—all the witnesses the Magistrate called for are in attendance—the prisoner came and asked me to cash a cheque for 25l. for Mr. Kenrick, and I gave him nine sovereigns and a £5 note; and not having enough cash in hand, I gave him a cheque of 11l. on my own bankers as a balance.

Prisoner. Q. Can you say it was me brought the cheque to you?—A. Yes, I paid him the money on account of Mr. Kenrick, to be paid to him—I never said I thought he was not the man—I did not say a man came up and said he was the man—this is my signature—(looking at the deposition, which being ready did not name the prisoner.)

COURT. Q. You have not mentioned the prisoner in your deposition, by name or by saying it was the man now in custody? A. Mr. Rawlinson asked me whether I believed him to be the man, and I said, to the best of my knowledge, he was the man—I do believe him to be the man I have no doubt of him.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ever see me before? A. I have seen you in my shop and about the yard.





WILLIAM HOOKER
 (police-sergeant D 3.) On the 4th of October I saw the prisoner, and said, "Dick, I want you respecting the cheque of Mr. Kenrick's"—he said, "Oh, I have made that all right"—I said, "You must go with me"—he said, "It is all right, I have agreed to give Mr. Kenrick 2s. a week"—I took him to the station-house-he said,

"Allow me to go and lee Mr. Kenrick first"—I said, "I will go and fetch him to you."

MR. KENRICK
re-examined. The prisoner never called on me after this occurrence—I did not see him afterwards till he was in custody—he cried at the office, and said if I would forgive him he would pay me 5s. a week—he never brought me the nine sovereigns nor £5 note.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear you never saw me since I left? A. I never saw you since you left our service on the 20th of June—I have trusted you with pounds before—I never saw you working for Lord Churchill—if I had I should have taken hold of you certainly—you are a very ungrateful fellow.

Prisoner. I never received the cheque, and never had the money for it




GUILTY* on the First Count. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
