





1902. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WARREN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of July
, 1 veil, value 5s.; 1 crape handkerchief, value 2s., and 3 yards of net, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Harrison
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am unfortunate, but work at the dress-making when I can get it, I met the prisoner, on the 3rd of July, in Regent-street, between twelve and one o'clock at night; I had never seen him before - he asked where I was going - I said home; I then lived in Phoenixcourt, Long-acre


 - he went home with me, gave me half a crown or 3s., and we went to bed; I fell asleep, and awoke about three o'clock, he was then gone - I missed a veil, a crape handkerchief, three yards of net, and the duplicate of a gold pin; the veil had been on a bonnet in a chair, the net on a table, and the duplicate in a small chest - I met the prisoner, on the Saturday following, in Cranbourne-alley; I asked him for my things - he said he was very sorry he had done so, he had had them, but had not got them then - I gave him into custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NIGHTINGALE
               



            . The prosecutrix charged the prisoner with robbing her, and I took him in Lisle-street; he said he had the things, and pawned them for 1s. - I said, "A man of your years I should have thought would have known better;" he said "I ought to have done so."


                  JOHN 
                  TYLER
               



            . The prisoner was a shopmate of mine; when he was in custody a letter came to me, and I visited him in Newgate, as a brother-in-law - I said, "Don't deceive me, I know where the handkerchief is - tell me where the other things are;" he said, "Tyler, I will not deceive you, if you go to such a house, 
               
                  Susan 
                  Jones
               



             will give you the other things;" I went and got them - I sent to the prosecutrix to say I knew where the things were, and I would produce them at the trial; I was taking some work home, the Policeman took me, and I gave them the things.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went home with her; we went to bed - recollecting I had business to do in the morning, I left her, took my hat, and went home - when I got home I found the articles in my hat; I was very much intoxicated.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 44. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
