




1038. 




MARY DOBIE
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
22nd of March 3 table-cloths, value 3l.; 1 sword, value 2l.; 9 window curtains, value 2d., 30 towels, value 30s.; 10 linen cloths, value 10s.; 2 counterpanes, value 2l.; 1 ink-stand, value 2s.; 2 chimney ornaments, value 2s.; 4 curtain brackets, value 4s.; 4 Venetian blinds, value 4s.; 20 chair-coven, value 4l.; 1 linen-cloth, called a layover, value 1l. 10s.; 2 drinking horns, value 2s.; and 4 packing cases, value 1l.; the goods of 




Francis William Earl of Charlemont, of that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, her master; and 





ROWLAND DOBIE



 for feloniously receiving the same, wel knowing them to have been stolen.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM HAINING
. I am a police-inspector. On the 22nd of March I went with Collier to the male prisoner's residence, at No. 26, Woods-mews, Park-lane—I found him at home, and told him I was come to search his lodgings, if he would consent—he said he had no objection—I searched his bed-room, there was a very large box there—I found this table-cloth's it—the box was locked—he took the key and unlocked it for us—I found this sword in the same box, and a variety of towels, table cloths, silk handkerchief, seven pairs of sheets, and this counterpane—(producing them)—then is a great deal more—here are towels, printed cotton, and a variety of other things, and a great quantity of carpeting—I searched other boxes, and found other things—I asked where he got the sword from—he said he had it given him when he was in Ireland by a butler in France, named Le Maitre—I asked him about this large table-cloth—he said Mary his wife knew about that—his wife came in while I was searching, and I asked her if she knew any thing about that table-cloth—she said Mrs. Clarke, Earl Charlemont's housekeeper in Dublin, gave it her—I showed her his Lordship's coat of arms on it, and asked her what she would say to that—she said it would be the ruin of both of them—her husband was in the other room—I do not think he heard her—the next day I took both the prisoenrs into custody—several things had been marked, and the marks erased—here is a napkin with the mark picked out, and upon this, in another corner, the initials of the prisoner's are worked.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You told this man at once what you came about? A. Yes; he assisted me in searching—I did not take him till the next day, and then found him at his situation.





WILLIAM ROBINSON
. I am butler to Earl Charlemont, and have been so for six weeks. Mary Dobie lived in his service up to the 23rd of March—his lordship was then in Ireland, but the family were living in Lower Grosve-nor-street—Earl Charlemont had horn cups like these, and two have been missed—they were found in another box at the male prisoner's.





JAMES GRIFFITHS
. I was butler to Earl Charlemont last February. I left the first week in March—I know this sword—I cleaned it some time after Christmas, and greased it, and gave it to Mary Dobie, and told her to take it to his lordship's room, as my cupboard was rather damp—I knew Le Maitre, I succeeded him—he left the service last July, more than six months before I had given Mary Dobie the sword to take care of—I had it in my possession from July, till I gave it her.






CHARLOTTE CLARKE
. I am housekeeper in Lord Charlemont's establishment in Ireland. I never gave this table-cloth to Mary Dobie—I have been brought from Ireland on this subject—I knew there was such a table-cloth in the cupboard, which was not often made use of—I did not miss it.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever given some linen to servants which have been somewhat worn? A. Yes, some old towels—there have been some things added to his lordship's house the last year or two—it has not been furnished.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is that a table-cloth perfectly fit for use? A. Yes.





FRANCIS WILLIAM EARL CHARLEMONT
. My title is the Earl of Charlemont, of the kingdom of Ireland.

Cross-examined. Q. How long had this man been in your service? A. About seven years, from the year 1830—I parted with him because I had no further occasion for a groom—I recommended him to Lord Haward—the woman has borne the very best character—she was upper-housemaid—I had no doubt of the honesty of either.

MARY DOBIE—


GUILTY
.—Aged 30.

ROWLAND DOBIE—


GUILTY
.—Aged 32.




Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the male prisoner.)
