



384. 




WILLIAM BERKELY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th of January, 1 coat, value 2l.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; 2 waistcoats, value 10s.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; and 1 halfpenny; the goods of 



James Shrimpton: and 1 violin, value 25s.; 1 violin bow, value 5s.; and 1 bag, value 6d.; the goods of 



Charles Garwood; and 1 gun, value 1l., the goods of 



Arthur Eden.






JAMES SHRIMPTON
. I am an under gardener to Mr. Eden, of Bowlinggreen House, Putney-heath. On the 5th of January, I had my coat trowsers, waistcoat, shirt, and handkerchief, and halfpenny, in the garden-house,

where I sleep—I saw them safe at one o'clock in the day—there was a violin there, which belonged to Mr. Charles Garwood, and the gun belonged to my master, Arthur Eden—I had information, and went to the room a little after two o'clock—it was then broken open, and the things gone—I got information, and traced the prisoner seven miles, to Brentford, at half-past four o'clock—I was present when he was taken by the constable—saw the bundle on him—this is my property.

Prisoner. Q. Did you know John Collins living at Fulham? A. No.





JAMES GILLIES
. I am one of Mr. Eden's carmen. About two o'clock yesterday, I saw the prisoner concealed in the furze bushes, not above two hundred yards form the garden—I went and spoke to him—I had seen him there on Monday—I suspected him, went back, and found this musket and violin concealed in the place where he had been sitting—he had whip in his hand.

Prisoner. Q. Do you know John Collins? A. No—I do not board in my master's house—I believe I was sitting at dinner from one to two o'clock—I live at Roehampton—you said you had taken a drop of drink, and wanted to take a nap.





JEREMIAH JORDAN
. I went to Brentford, and met the prisoner them carrying a bundle under his arm—i searched him, and found a halfpenny and this silver ring—my brother officer took the bundle from him.





JAMES SHRIMPTON
. This is my halfpenny, and was in my left hand trowsers pocket.





JOSEPH GOMM
. I am a police-constable. I was with Jordan—I took this bundle from the prisoner—these are the contents of it.

Prisoner's Defence, The person I spoke about is a gardener—I met him at Roehampton—he said he had been to Brighton, and was going to Fulham to work in the nurseries—he was short of money, and asked me to buy these things—I was short of money myself—he wanted me to lend him some—I said I could not, as I had to go to Readings, in Bershire—he wanted 30s. for these things—I said, "You have awed me 5s. for some time"—I gave him a sovereign, but he pressed me, and I let him have 5s. more—we had two or three pots of beer together—the halfpenny must have come in change—I asked Collins where he lodged—he said at a greengrocers at Fulham, near the church—I hand no suspicion that any thing was wrong—I called on a person at Mortlake who detained me, or I should not have been two or three hours in going to Brentford, if I had known that any thing was wrong—I only came into prison since six o'clock this evening—I knew Collins to be a respectable young man.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
