





Before Mr. Justice Alderson.
189. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HEATON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 23rd of July
, at St. James's, Westminster, 5 sovereigns, 2 shillings, and one 30l. bank note, the property of 
                     
                        Henry Holmes 
                        Fisher
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  HENRY 
                  HOLMES FISHER
               



            . I live with my father 
               
                  James 
                  Fisher
               



            , at 37, Duke-street, St. James


, in the liberty of Westminster - the prisoner was in my father's employ as clerk
 - he is an army-clothier and tailor - he left my father's employ on the 22nd of July last, and, on the following day, I missed 35l. odd of my own - there was a bank note for 30l., 5 sovereigns, and some silver - it was in my desk, which is never kept locked - he was not discharged from the service, and gave us no notice - I was surprised at his leaving - I heard of him from his wife, two days afterwards, and I saw him when he was apprehended, on the 14th of December - my father had called on the Marquis of Bristol, and saw the prisoner's handwriting to a letter, and in consequence of that he was apprehended - I saw him in custody of an inspector of the police, on the 14th of December - the money was mine - it was intrusted to my care - it was sent to me to pay a bill with - it belonged to Mr. Sturges, of Datchet - I said nothing to the prisoner to induce him to say anything when I saw him - he made no confession to me at all - I was examined before the magistrate - I believe he said he had lost the money at the Finish, which is kept by Rowbottom, in James-street, Covent-garden; but I won't be positive that he said so; I am almost certain that he did - I never got any of my money again.
THOMAS ABRAHAM. I am a policeman - I only know the prisoner by having apprehended him on this charge - I did not say it would be better or worse for him to say anything - I went to his house and requested to see him - I said I had something particular to communicate to him, and wished him to accompany me to a public-house at the top of the court; and when I got to the top of the court I said it was no use to deceive him, that I was a constable, and had a charge of felony against him - I told him the nature of the charge; that I wanted him on a charge of having taken 35l. from his employers, and my only object in requesting him to come there was for the purpose of getting him identified by Fisher, jun. who was close by - he then said, "It is no use to give yourself that trouble; I am the person, I acknowledge having taken the money, and I do not wish to see Mr. Fisher" - he said it was the most unfortunate circumstance of his life, and he supposed he must stand the consequence of it - he was sorry to say his case could not be more deplorable than it was - he said he had unfortunately taken the money for the purpose fo going to a gambling house - that he went to Rowbottom's at the Finish, in James Street, Covent Garden, where he had lost the whole, and he thought he should be able to replace it the next morning - I was before the magistrate when he made a statement(looking at the deposition) - this is the signature of Mr. Dyer - it was correctly taken down from his mouth - nothing was said to induce him to make the statement - he stated this after he heard my evidence and the prosecutor's.
The deposition being read, stated the evidence of Abraham, as detailed above, and stated that the prisoner in reply said, "I admit it to be true."
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Abraham has sworn I told him I took the money from Mr. Fisher for the purpose of going to a gambling house, which I deny; I never told him any such thing - I must leave my case to the merciful consideration of the Judge and jury.
MR. FISHER, JUN. He could not have had a better character that he bore up to the time in question - he was trusted with money to a great amount to take to the bankers - he has a wife and two children.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 31. - 


               Transported for life
            . Recommended to mercy by the prosecutor on account of his good character.
