



1552. 




ROBERT REASON
 was indicted

 for stealing on the 
13th of April, 1 pig, price 8s., the property of 



Thomas South.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the prosecution.






EDWARD EMMINGTON
. I am servant to Thomas South, a farmer, at Staines. He had some pigs in the sty in the farm-yard on the 13th of April—one was stolen from the farm on that day—I have seen James Burchett, the blacksmith, since this—I did not know him before—I afterwards saw my master's pig at the Angel and Crown yard, at Staines—the officer had it then—it was the same pig, I am sure.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did your master breed the pig? A. No, it had got two or three marks; one between his ears, one on his tail, and two little sandy spots on its head—I should have known him 100

miles off—my master had eight—I lost this on the 13th of April, and two more the night following—1 know this was not one of the two, became they have all different marks.

COURT
Q. Did the pig know his sty? A. Yes.





WILLIAM WRAY
 (police-sergeant A 13.) On Saturday the 13th of May, I went to the prisoner and took him into custody—I understood there were. four pigs lost, and said I took him for four—he said he could clear himself, that he bought them two of a man named Beldham, a tailor, in Church-street, Staines, he gave a guinea for one and fifteen shillings for the other—I asked where he got the other two—he said he bought them of a man named Mylon, a horse-keeper, at Staines—he gave ten shillings for one, and fifteen shillings for the other—I asked him what he had done with them—he said, "I sold them"—I asked him, "Who to?"—he said he did not know, he believed it was to a man from Hounslow, a pig-jobber—I understood he had sold two to him, and I asked him who he had sold the two others to—he said he could not say, he did not know—I asked him how long it was since he bought them—he said he did not know—I said, "Was it six months?"—he said, "Not so long as that"—I said, "Was it six weeks?"—he said he could not say—I asked him when he sold them—he said he did not know—after that I went to the house of James Burchett, and I found one of the pigs in a sty of his—I went to the house of Mr. Chandler, and there a white pig that Mr. South had lost.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know that this man was in Lord Lucan's service? A. I was given to understand so—I found him on his land.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you with Mr. South when he went to Hicks? A. No—he came to Burchett's while I was there, and identified the pigs which 1 found there.





JOHN HICKS
. I am a butcher. The prisoner came to my house, and asked if I wanted to buy any pigs—I looked at them, and asked what he wanted for them—he said, 17s. for one and 15s. for the other—I afterwards asked where they came from—he said from Sheperton-green, from his brother-in-law—I bought them, and sold one to William Chandler—I do not know whether it was the same that the officer took away—1 believe it was.

Cross-examined. Q. You would not take upon your conscience to say that it was? A. No; I would not swear to any pig without I marked it—it was a white one I sold to Chandler—there were no sandy marks behind his ears, or on his poll, as I saw—I never was in trouble about pigs—I have been in custody on suspicion of somebody stealing a beast—I never saw it, nor heard what kind of beast it was—it was not my brother-in-law's—it was not for a pig, it was cows that were alleged to be the property of Lord Lucan—I never was committed for pig-stealing.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was the prisoner in Lord Lucan's service at the time the beast was lost? A. Yes—one pig I thought was white, and one spotted.





JAMES BURCHETT
. I am a blacksmith, living at Nailham. On the 16th of April the prisoner asked me how the pigs went on that I bought of him which he had bought of Mr. Beldham—I had bought these pigs on the 7th—on the 17th I bought a little black and white spotted one—he said he bought it of his kinsman, at Sheperton-green—Beldham lived in Church-street, Staines—he did not tell me where he bought it—I looked at it on the 15th, and bought it on the 17th—that one was taken away by the officer and shown to Mr. South—he and several other people came to the

sty, and weighed it—I gave 8s. 6d. and a pot of beer for it—it was a very little one—I weighed it in a basket the next morning, and it weighed 17lbs. basket and all.

Cross-examined. Q. Did they take that from you? A. Yes—they wanted to take the other, but that he proved he bought of Mr. Beldham. EDWARD EMMINGTON
re-examined. I saw the pig—that was the one that I knew by the marks.





WILLIAM WRAY
. That was the pig I found.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner for stealing two pigs.)
