






1148. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HAZEL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PARKER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering a building within the curtilege of the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Guest
                        




                     
                  , on the 7th of April
, and stealing 3 live tame fowls, price 7s., and 12 live tame rabbits, price 20s., his property
            .
EDWARD CALVAN. I am a Police-constable. On the 9th of April I was on duty at a quarter before five o'clock in the morning, at Limehouse, near half a mile from Mr. Guest's - I saw the prisoners in company, and each of them had a bundle; I went up, and asked what they had there - they made no answer, but went on; I followed them, and asked them again - they said it was nothing to me; I said I insisted upon seeing - Hazel said,"You shall not," and he said what he had got was his own - I said I would insist upon seeing what they had, and Parker said, "Oh, show him;" they then put the things down against a brick wall, and Hazel began to speak to Parker - I went to the river-ride, and sprang my rattle; I came back, and saw in the bundle some saws and cooper's tools - I went back to the river, and sprang my rattle again lustily; they then each of them ran at me with a cooper's adze in their hands - they struck me on the head several times, and broke my hat down; I cried Murder! a woman opened a window, and she cried Murder! the prisoners ran off; I pursued them, they returned, struck me again, and Parker struck me with a long pole; they then got over a high bank - Hazel stood under the bank, and Parker went across the field; I followed him some distance, and pointed to a man to take him - the man came up, but was afraid to take him; I went up to Hazel; he turned with the adze in his hand, and held it up to me - I told him he had better submit, it would be all the better for him; he cast his eyes down for a moment - I sprang forward, and took hold of him; I took him back to where the tools were; the inspector afterwards went to the prisoner's house with me - we there found eight rabbits, but no fowls.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q.Who did you find at home? A. Nobody; the people told me the house belonged to Hazel.


                  AARON 
                  GORMAN
               



            . On the 9th of April I heard therattle sprung on Britannia-bridge - I went up, and saw Parker running first, and Hazel after him; I went to the house afterwards, but I do not know, of my own knowledge, who occupied it.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WHIFFEN
               



            . I apprehended Parker at Bray, in Essex, on the following Sunday evening.


                  RICHARD 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I know the prisoner by living at the house, which the officer searched - I live at the public-house, close by.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q.How far do you live from the house? A. Not far; it is at No. 3, Cut-side, Limehouse - I was not there when the house was searched; I do not know whether it is a lodging-house - I have taken beer there, and saw Parker there.


                  AARON 
                  GORMAN
               



            . The house this witness describes was the one we searched.


                  JAMES 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I heard the rattle spring, and saw the two prisoners; I can swear to them both.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GUEST
               



            . I live at Limehouse


, and keep rabbits and fowls, in a shed in my yard - it is surrounded by paling about four feet high, and this shed leaned against the wall on the other side my yard, but it is the same yard where my dwelling-house is. I went to bed about ten o'clock on the 6th of April - I had locked the shed, and my fowls and rabbits were all secure - when I got up in the morning I found the shed broken open, and the staple drawn out of the door-post - I missed three fowls and twelve rabbits; I afterwards saw the eight rabbits the officer produced, and knew them - here is one I can swear to.
Parker's Defence. I am a poor hard working young man - I used to work for Mr. Horner, a coal-merchant; I know nothing of this.
HAZEL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.
PARKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There were two other indictments against the prisoners.
