



2584. 




STEPHEN ISAACS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
6th of September, 1 gelding, price 8l. 1 chaise, value 4l. 10s. and 1 set of harness, value 1l. 10s. the goods and property of 



Harriet Parker.






HANNAH HOLDSWORTH
. I am single, and am bar-maid to Mrs. Harriet Parker, of Reigate—she keeps the Swan Inn. On Friday, the 6th of September, a little after twelve o'clock in the day-time, the prisoner walked into the house, and asked me if he could have a horse and gig to go to Dorking to fetch his wife and child—I said I would go and see—I went into the yard, asked the ostler, then came back and told him, "Yes"—he then asked if he could have a bed there that night—I said, "Yes"—he said he should come back that night—he went out with the horse and gig—on the following Thursday, Sergeant Nicholas came down and said be had a man in custody.

Prisoner. Q. How do you know I came on foot to Reigate? A. I said you walked in—I did not say you came on foot—I do not know whether Mrs. Parker advertised the horse and gig—you had a glass of sherry—I know you were in the bar with mistress, but do not know anything about any conversation.





ROBERT CRICK
. I am ostler to Mrs. Parker, of Reigate. In consequence of what Holdsworth told me, I got the horse and gig, and took them to the front door of the house—the prisoner came out of the house

with a carpet-bag and hat-case—he got into the gig, and said he had ordered a bed-room and sitting-room, and should be back in the evening with his wife and child—the horse was blind—he said he did not like to drive a blind horse, as his wife was very timid, and asked if he was a very hard mouth—I said, "No, it is very easy to drive"—he then drove off—I saw the horse and gig again last Wednesday week, in Nicholas's hands—they were worth about 14l.—the horse was worth about 8l.—it was a very good one, and it was a gelding.





JOHN WORROW
. I am a farrier, and live at No. 12, Three Cup-alley, Lower Shadwell. On the 6th of September I saw the prisoner between eight and nine o'clock in the evening—he said he had been recommended by a Mr. M'Crow, to come and ask me if I wanted to purchase a horse and gig—he asked if I knew Mr. M'Crow—I said, "Yes, he was a broker in St. George's-in-the-East"—he said he had purchased a blind horse and chaise in the country, and that he had been taken in with them—he said he wanted to sell them on account of his holidays, as he had a month's holidays—they were the Jews' holidays—he said he had got the horse at livery at Mindon's, in the back road, that Mindon wanted to charge him a guinea a week for the horse, and as he was not going to travel again for a month, he wanted to sell them—he said the gig was broken, and he did not mean to repair it, as he wanted to get a lighter concern to travel with—he asked when I would see them—I told him, in the morning—when he came next morning, he said he had given four watches, worth five guineas each, for the horse and chaise, and had been taken in, for he did not know the horse was blind till four days after he had bought it, and he had had it between four and five months—I did not go to see it, and he came on foot about half-past eight o'clock in the morning—my man went and fetched the horse and gig—the prisoner went with the man, and came back with him—he said he had brought the horse and gig, and would I come down and look at them—I came down—he said "There is the horse and gig"—he said it was a very nice sort of horse, that he had run it down a good deal, that he bought them for 20 guineas, and he would not like to sacrifice many pounds in selling it—I said I would not offend him, and I did not like to offer any thing, as he talked about so large a price—he said I should not offend him if 1 offered him 1l—he asked if it was not worth 5l.—I said, "No"—I bid him 4l., for the gig was all broken to pieces, the irons broken, and the horse in a very bad state—I suppose it had been overdriven—it did not feed for hours after—I bought them for 4l.—the horse would not fetch 50s. at any sale, in the state it came to me in—I made it a bed, and it laid down—the bargain was made at the Three Cups public-house, as he asked me to go there to have something to drink—I bad nothing to drink, but he had a glass of rum—I paid him 4l., and he gave me this bill and receipt for it, and the landlady put her name to it at his request.





JOHN NICHOLAS
 (police-sergeant K 1.) I apprehended the prisoner on Tuesday evening, the 10th of September, at the corner of Hanover-road, Mile End-road, on another charge—in going to the office he stated to me that he had robbed a hundred people, but never robbed any one who could not afford to lose he never robbed a poor man in his life—among others, he said he had hired a horse and gig at Reigate, and sold it to a man named worrow, but he had not given him above half the value, and he would be d—if he would not blow on him—I afterwards found the horse and gig at Worrow's, and took charge of it.

(The prisoner, in his defence, made a long and unconnected address, is which he alluded to his having been converted from Judaism—he admitted he had sold the horse and gig when in a state of intoxication, but he had gives the landlady four £5 notes for them, and that he should never have committed any offence if the clergyman who had been his sponsor at his baptism had taken proper care of him.)




GUILTY
. Aged 41.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
