






286. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PEARCE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CARTER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Pullen
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAM MORGAN
               



            . I am a constable of Portsoken ward. On the 16th of December I saw the two prisoners in company together, in Basinghall-street, going towards Fore-street - I watched them; Mr. Pullen and a lady were coming from Fore-street, towards them - they crossed the road, and turned back after them; I followed them up Old Jewry, across Cheapside, into Bow-lane


, and there I saw Carter take the tail of Mr. Pullen's coat uptake his handkerchief, and pass it over to Pearce, who was by the side of him - I ran to take hold of them; they turned round to come back again, and a gentleman called out, "You are robbed;" I ran across the road, and laid hold of them both together; I pushed them into a passage, and the handkerchief laid in the door-way, behind Pearce; he had thrown it down - I searched them both, and on Pearce found two skeleton-keys and some duplicates; it was about eleven o'clock in the morning.
Pearce. Q. Did you not state at Guildhall that you did not see the handkerchief taken from the pocket, but another gentleman saw it? A. No, I said I saw it taken; the Alderman asked for the gentleman who called out.
Curter. He said another gentleman saw it taken, but he did not. Witness. I never said so.
MR. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  PULLEN
               



            . I live at No. 80, Fore-street, and am a student at Cambridge. I was walking down Bow-lane with a lady; somebody called out that I had lostmy handkerchief - I did not perceive it go; I felt and missed it - it was afterwards shown to me by the officer.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Pearce's Defence. I have no knowledge whatever of Carter; I never saw him before; I had been to Bennet's, in Chiswell-street, and was not in his company.
Carter's Defence. I was going down Bow-lane, to my master's, Cull's printing-office, to see if there was any work for me - Morgan collared me, and charged me with this; I know nothing of Pearce.
PEARCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
CARTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
