






746. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SPAUL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of February
, 1 bed, value 50s.; 1 bolster, value 4s.; 2 pillows, value 6s.; 2 blankets, value 5s.; 1 quilt, value 3s.; 1 tea-caddy, value 6s.; 1 tablecloth, value 3s.; 1 beer glass, 1s., and 2 pillow-cases, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Jackson
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am the wife of John Jackson, who keeps a house in Marshall-street, St. James', Westminster


. The prisoners lodged in our first floor back room for about three weeks; in consequence of receiving some duplicates, I examined their room, and missed a bed, bolster, two pillows, and the other articles stated, which had been let to them with the room - they had not left the room; the door was locked, and I had it forced open.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. I believe Miller was not there more than a day or two? A. Yes, he was there all the time; I saw him in the evening of the day on which he was taken - I had the conversation with him when they took the room, but the other was present.
JOHN JACKSON. The prisoners lodged three weeks in my house; I was not there when they took the lodging - I have since seen the bed at Mr. Grafton's.


                  JOHN 
                  MILTON
               



            . I am apprentice to a pawnbroker in Berwick-street. These two blankets were pawned on the 12th of February by Spaul, also this caddy and goblet.
DANIEL CHAPMAN (Police-constable C 38.) I took Miller and then Spaul; I went to No. 22, Exmouth-street, Hampstead-road, where Spaul told me he lived, on the 28th, and found some duplicates, but I have not brought them here.


                  HENRY 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I produce a bolster and a tablecloth pawned, at Mr. Harrison's, in Wardour-street; I do not know who by.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Spaul. I returned all the duplicates in a letter.
MRS. JACKSON. Yes, and then we had the door opened.
MILLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
SPAUL - 

               GUILTY
            .* Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
