






1118. 
               
                  
                     ELLEN 
                     CONNELLAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of March
, 1 jacket, value 20s.; 1 waistcoat, value 7s., and 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Bradshaw
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BRADSHAW
               



            . I am a seaman
, and lodge in Martha-street. On the night of the 22nd of March I went to the Crooked Billet; I saw Connellan there - I got drunk, and she took my clothes off me; I found myself the next morning at the Police-station - my jacket, waistcoat, and handkerchief were gone; I did not see Wilson - I took Connellan there to drink.


                  MATTHEW 
                  POULTER
               



            . I am in the service of a pawnbroker. I have a jacket and a waistcoat, pawned by Connettan, on the 22nd of March, in the name of Jane Smith, at near eight o'clock in the evening, for 17s.


                  GEORGE 
                  LIDDIARD
               



            . I keep the Crooked Billet at the corner of King David-lane


. I saw the prosecutor at my house with Connellan; he got drunk, and fell asleep - I afterwards saw Connellan in company with Wilson and two others; the two prisoners went into the room where the prosecutor was asleep - I then missed the prisoner and the persons who came in with them; I found the prosecutor stripped of his jacket and waistcoat, and laying on the tap-room floor - I went after the prisoners; I took Connellan in three or four minutes - Wilson was with her, but he ran away.
Connellan. Wilson was not in my company. Witness. Yes; Connellan and another woman came about four o'clock- they staid some time and went out; Wilson and another man, and the two women came again - they called for some drink, and gave my boy a bad halfpenny, which he refused; Connellan then came out, and said it was one she had taken there that afternoon - the prisoners then went into the tap-room, where the prosecutor was; I went into my skittle-ground with a pot of beer, and on my return the prisoners were gone; I went out and saw them under a gas-lamp; they saw me, and Wilson ran off.


                  GEORGE 
                  PHILLIPS
               



             (Police-constable K 87.) I took Wilson; I told him it was for a robbery at the Crooked Billet, between him, Connellan, and two more; he said he had never seen the house, and should not know where to go to it - he made some resistance.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Wilson's Defence. I was on board the Repulse on the night of the robbery.
CONNELLAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
