





Before Mr. Baron Bolland.
158. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LAWRENCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., and 9 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Swift
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  SWIFT
               



            . I have known the prisoner twenty years, but had not seen him for two years - I deal in old iron
. Last Tuesday week I saw him in Back Church-lane, about seven or eight o'clock in the morning; I did not ask him to come home, but he came with me - he went into my house; I lent him 6d., which he said he would pay me at night; we went out together to take a walk for about two hours - he went to Smithfield to buy a cow for me, which I employed him to do; he kept cows
 formerly - he bought the cow; he drove it home; the owner came with him, and my wife paid the owner for it - it came to 15l. 10s.; I kept it in my shed, and he was to have the milk of it, and give me a guinea a week - he slept in a chair in my house all that night; he asked leave to do it, and I allowed him - he went away next morning, between seven and eight o'clock; I went with him; I had nine sovereigns in a cream-jug, on the shelf - I came home about eight or nine, and asked my wife if the money was all safe; she went to look, and it was all gone - I looked myself, and saw that they wereall gone; there was a handkerchief on the back of the chair the prisoner slept in - I missed it - I have seen it since in the hands of the officer.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were any other persons in the house that evening? A. Yes, two, 
               
                  Betsy 
                  Kemp
               



             and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Tyrrell
               



            ; Tyrrell's wife was there, but went away - she went away too; Betsy remained, and sat up in a chair all night - my house consists of a dwelling and a sleeping-room; there was no dancing nor gin-drinking at my house that night - I was in bed and asleep when Mr. and Mrs. Tyrrell left; I was not drunk, but rather fresh; I had drank some half-and-half - I had 20l. locked up in a box, out of which the cow was paid for, but the nine sovereigns were in the cream-jug - I had been drinking half-and-half all the afternoon.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SWIFT
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. I had the 20l. locked up in my box, and the nine sovereigns in the cream-jug, on the Friday, when the prisoner came; the 9l. was the stock-money of the house, to be used in the business; the prisoner staid all Friday night - he sat up in the arm-chair, close under the shelf where the money was - 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Kemp
               



             was there (she was my master's daughter,) another young woman, a lodger of Tyrrell's, was with her - they came about eleven or twelve o'clock, and went away between one and two; the young woman came with them, and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Kemp
               



             stopped with me all night; she and I sat up together; my husband was asleep on the bed, rather fresh; I sat up to mind the cow did not get loose, as it had a calf, it being strange to me - it had come from Smithfield that day; the prisoner had brought them; I paid the owner for them - I gave him fifteen sovereigns and 10s. out of my box; I took the whole 20l. in sovereigns out of the my box; I left them in the landlord's hands at the beer-shop, not knowing what the cow and calf would come to; when they came home I went over to the beer-shop; the landlord paid the money, and gave me 4l. 10s.; I put it away in the box again - I had seen the nine sovereigns in the cream-jug at three o'clock on Friday, and they were there between six and seven - that was the last time I saw them; I went out twice after I saw them safe - I left the prisoner in the house, and an old man, who I have kept there these twenty years; my husband was out; nobody else was in the house - the prisoner staid all night; the silk handkerchief was on the back of the chair - I missed it on Friday, when I was going to wash it; on Saturday morning my husband and Lawrence went out together; my husband came home, and asked me to give him a shilling; I would not give it him - I went to the cream-jug, and missed the nine sovereigns.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure Tyrrell's lodger was there? A. Yes, and the old man, who is sixty-eight years of age - I left him and the prisoner both in the shed, looking at the cow: we live in the shed - Mrs. Tyrrell came to look for her husband; he is a nightman; he, Betsy, and the lodger came to see the cow - I staid there talking; there was no drink - my husband was asleep for about two hours before Tyrrell and his wife went away; they were there from eleven till one or two o'clock; no spirits were drank, only a pot of beer - there was no dancing nor singing.


                  RICHARD 
                  BALL
               



            . I am a carpenter. I know the prosecutor's house; I am there five or six times a day - I was on his premises on Friday evening, between seven and eight o'clock, in the shed that joins his dwelling; I saw the prisoner there, in the dwelling-room, by the back door, near the shelf - he was standing up; the shelf was about five feet high - the old man that lives with the family was not there; the prisoner had sent him up into the loft for some hay for the cow - there was nobody in the room but the prisoner; the prosecutor and his wife were over the way at the beer-shop - the prisoner did not see me; I saw him take the cream-jug off the shelf, pour money out of it, and put it into his left-hand pocket: I did not see what money it was - it was twenty-minutes before eight o'clock at night; he then went over the way to the beer-shop; I went over also - he joined company with the prosecutor and his wife; he had a pint of half-and-half: there was a dispute about paying for it - the prosecutor would not pay for it, and the prisoner said he would if nobody else would; he put his hand into his pocket, and pulled out six sovereigns and a sixpence, but he drew the sovereigns back, and put down the sixpence - I had not been in the prisoner's company before; I heard him say in the parlour, before he took the sovereigns, that he had only sixpence left, and that he threw down, saying "That is the last sixpence I have got" - after the second ale was paid for, they all three went over to the place: the prosecutor was a little in liquor, and the prisoner also - I did not tell the prosecutor, because I did not know whether he was related to him or not, as he called the prosecutor his brother.
Cross-examined. Q. Was Mrs. Swift present when he called him his brother? A. No, it was as he stood at the bar - the landlord was present; three pots of ale were had in my presence - the dealer, I understood, paid for the third pot; the prosecutor was in the room when the prisoner produced the sovereigns, but did not see them - I mentioned this next morning, when the prosecutor said he had lost his money; I asked if the prisoner was related to him - he said No, and then I told him; it was after he paid for the first beer that I saw him take the sovereigns; I have know the prosecutor for a year and a half, and am in and out of his place five or six times a day on business - I did not know the money was kept in the cream-ewer; I live in John-street, Cannon-street-road: I heard the prisoner called Lawrence, but did not know he was not his brother-in-law - he tapped the prosecutor on the shoulder, and said, "Never mind, brother, I will put you in the way of getting money;" the prosecutor said, "That is right boy" - the landlord was seven or eight feet from him; he called him brother, both in the bar and tap-room.


                  FRANCES 
                  BARGEMAN
               



            . I am a publican. I have known the prisoner some years; he came to my house last Saturday week at half-past seven o'clock in the morning, and called for a glass of ale - he gave me a sovereign in payment; I had no change - he then gave me eight more sovereigns, and asked me to take charge of them for a short time; he went out, and returned in a short time with Mr. Quicksley, a tailor, and asked me for three sovereigns, which I gave him, and he paid Quicksley 3l. 9s.; he took four half-crowns out of his pocket - hereturned again in half an hour with Quicksley, and got the six sovereigns; I never saw him afterwards.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know him before? A. Yes, for many years as a respectable man; he bore an honest character, and was a milkman - he has six children.


                  CHARLES 
                  QUICKSLEY
               



            . I am a tailor: I have known the prisoner twenty years; he was formerly a cooper. On Saturday morning he came to me for a suit of clothes which I sold him; he bought things which came to 3l. 9s. 6d. - he said he had money next door, at Mrs. Bargeman's; he took me there; I got 3l. from Mrs. Bargeman, and he gave me the silver - he wished me to go afterwards, and fetch the 6l. from Bargeman's, and give it to my wife, as he did not like to leave it there, for fear of spending it in drink - I did so; I went into the country, and during my absence he had 3l. 19s; I have 1l. 9s. left - I have known him twenty years; he has been three times in Bethlem to my knowledge: liquor has that effect on him.


                  JESSE 
                  TRAVERS
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner at Quicksley's, at ten o'clock on Saturday, the 24th. I told him it was for robbing Swift - he was intoxicated when I took him; I searched him at the station-house, and found two duplicates on him - one for a silk-handkerchief.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
