





669. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Valentine James 
                        Ridler
                     




                  , about the hour of two in the night, on the 6th of April
, at St. Andrew, Holborn


, and burglariously stealing therein 3 pints of brandy, value 12s.; 1 bottle, value 6d.; 4 coats, value 5l.; 3 table-cloths, value 10s.; 2 towels, value 6d.; 1 shawl, value 3s.; 1 tea-caddy, value 10s.; 1 frock, value 2s.; 1 yard of linen cloth, value 9d.; 1 bag, value 1d.; and 76 farthings; the goods of John Smith
            .
VALENTINE JAMES RIDLER. I am proprietor of the Bell and Crown Tavern, Holborn




, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn. I keep the house - I am owner of it - I pay the rent and taxes - on the 6th of April, I was called up about five o'clock - it was twilight - I could see the features of a man, by the light of the day, I think - I found the things in the house very much disturbed - I went into the tap-room, and found the cupboard where the coats are kept broken open, and the coats removed - there of them were tied up, ready to be carried off - they were removed from their proper place, and tied up - I found the half-sashof the bar thrown up, and another sash of the bar thrown up also - these sashes look into the bar, not into the street, but into what we call the tap kitchen - I imagine the parties had got in throgh a sash in the yard, which was found open - it opens into the yard - that would enable a person to get into the tap-room, which communicates with the tap kitchen, and then to the bar - the lower sash fastens, but the upper one which does not was drawn down - in that way he got into the tap-room from the yard, which communicates with the tap-room - he could then get to the tap kitchen, and into the bar - nothing was taken off the premises, but these coats were removed, and packed up.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  PACK
               



            . I am horse-keeper at the Bell and Crown. On the morning of the 6th of April, I was in the yard - I saw a man look out of the tap-room window - he lifted it open - it opens into the yard - I said to my fellow-servant, "There is a man looking out of the tap-room" - I looked into the room, and saw the cupboard-door open, and likewise the bar - the man went back - he was taken in the tap-room.


                  THOMAS 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am porter at the Bell and Crown. I slept in the house on the night of the 5th of April, and came down about five minutes after five o'clock, in consequence of an alarm, and pulled the sash down which was up - I looked in, and saw a man lying down in the tap-room - the light was clear enough to discern a man without the gas - I called master, and got the keys of the tap - I unlocked the tap door, and found the prisoner in the tap-room - I asked what brought him there - he said he had had a drop too much overnight, and fallen asleep - I found the cupboard door forced open - I observed some coats and a poker on the table - I did not move any thing until the watchman came - the value of the coats is 4l. or 5l., at least - I think they are worth 5l., but I am not certain.


                  JAMES 
                  EDGINGTON
               



            . I am porter at the Bell and Crown. I locked up the cupboard overnight, when I put the last coats in at half-past seven o'clock - it is the tap cupboard - I locked the tap up at half-past eleven o'clock- there was nobody in the tap when I locked it up - there were seven or eight coats in the cupboard - I have had the key in my pocket ever since - I took the key of the tap-room to my master at the bar - next morning the cupboard appeared to be broken, by forcing out a screw staple, which fastens the hasp in - it must have been done by great force - a hand could not do it - it would require some instrument to do it - a poker would do it - the poker was in the fire-place, when I left at night.
Q. In what way is it possible to get into the place from the yard? A. By pulling down the top sash of the window, looking into the yard - the yard is not accessible till the horse-keepers and people begin to be about in the morning - it is open before five o'clock - anybody getting in might pull the sash down and get through the tap-room and break open the cupboard - it could not have been done in any other way.


                  JOHN 
                  BEAN
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Andrew's, Holborn - a little after five o'clock, on the morning of the 6th of April, I was called, and found the prisoner in the tap-room - I took him to the watch-house - I found on him a towel and 1s. 7 1/2d., all in farthings, in an old leathern bag, three keys, and a piece of soap - this is the padlock which was wrenched off the coat-closet - I found this poker on the table, just against the cupboard - three coats were moved out of the back place into the front, ready to be taken away, and some table-linen, which our inspector has got (produced) - the three coats I have got were tied up in a bundle ready to be taken away - the bag of farthings was in his hat, which was on his head - every thing except the padlock was in his hat, when I searched him at the watch-house.


                  GEORGE 
                  CORBY
               



            . I am inspector of the watch. I went to the Bell and Crown with the watchmen, and examined a bundle in the tap-room, containing three table-cloths, two towels, one bottle of brandy, a tea-caddy, and a wrapper.


                  EDWARD 
                  RENTMORE
               



            . I am a watchman. I found a coat under the tap-room table, which I produce.


                  MARIA 
                  BROWN
               



            . I superintend the tap in the day time. I know this tea-caddy and linen belong to Mr. Ridler - they were left in the bar - there is a window between the bar and tap-room - one pane of glass in it was broken - it is a sliding window: that would enable any body to get to the screw to open it, by moving a slate which was placed against it - I locked the bar myself overnight, and fastened the screw of the window - this bag of farthings was left in the table drawer - I believe there were seventy-two farthings, but I am not quite sure about that - they amounted to 1s. 7d. - this linen is worth 10s. or 12s.
VALENTINE JAMES RIDLER re-examined. When I first went into the room, I found this bundle of linen, and other things - the coats are worth from 3l. to 5l.; the tea-caddy from 7s. to 9s.; the brandy 10s.; and the linen from 7s. to 10s.; the articles exceed 5l. in value all together - they are coachman's coats which cost from 6l. to 7l. when new.




               GUILTY - Of stealing in a dwelling-house, but not of Burglary
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
