



258. 





THOMAS ELDERSHAW
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of October, 1 gelding, price 4l., the property of 



Joseph Wilkinson, his master.






JOSEPH WILKINSOW
. I reside at No. 265, Kent-street, Surrey, in the parish of St. Mary, Newington. I had a gelding safe on the 29th of October, in Mr. Harris's stables opposite my house—I saw it safe between ten and eleven o'clock in the forenoon—the prisoner was my servant at the time, and had been so about three weeks—I did not give him authority to sell my horses—I had to go to Hackney, and he went with me to St. George's Church—I told him to go back and clean some bedsteads—I

went home between one and two o'clock in the day, and the horse and the prisoner were gone—I have not seen it since—it was a black pony with three white feet, a white blaze in the forehead, and a white speck on the back.

Prisoner. Did you not desire me to clean the horse and take it to Smithfield? Witness. Yes, but you did not do it.

Prisoner. He desired me, when I could find a customer for it, to sell it. Witness. I never did—I never saw any money for it.





JANE JONES
. I am a neighbour of Mr. Wilkinson, and live opposite to him. I might know his little pony if I saw it—I saw the prisoner on the 29th of October, about twelve o'clock, take the pony out—he had the pony coming up the archway.





SIMON SAVORY
 (police-constable M 155.) I apprehended the prisoner in High-street, Borough, on the 7th of November—I told him it was on account of stealing a pony of his master—he said he took it to Deptford, and sold it to a person his master knew, but he did not name the person.

Prisoner's Defence. We went to Smithfield and bought another horse—he said, when I got a customer for this other one I might sell it—on Monday morning a man asked if my master had sold the horse—I said no—he said, "If you come to Deptford, I will give you 2l. 15s. for it"—they gave me something to drink, and I fell asleep and lost the money—I was not out of the Borough all the time, till I was taken on the 7th of November.




GUILTY
.—Aged 18†.—


Transported for Ten Years.
