





1665. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of September
, 1 pair of trousers, value 5s.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 gown, value 5s.; 1 apron, value 6d., and 1 handkerchief, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Lucy 
                     Davis
                  




               
            .


                  LUCY 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a widow
. On the 1st of September this property was taken from my drawer - I missed it about twenty minutes before two o'clock in the day - I had opened the street door, and left it a-jar, and my parlour door also - I went down to finish washing my hands, and heard a noise, as if a Pembroke table was thrown down; I went up and saw the prisoner, who was trying to make a rush out; I was startled at the moment, and as soon as I recovered I asked what he wanted - he said Mrs. Jones - I said I had no Mrs. Jones there, and what business had he at the table - he said he had not been there - I asked why he did not knock at the door, and he said he had - he then went out, I turned and saw these things on the sofa - I went to the street-door, and asked the witness if he had seen him; he said he had seen him - I had seen these things safe about an hour before; the drawer they were in was not in the table.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How many persons are there in your house? A. Four separate lodgers; I have no servant; I had been in the room about two moments before - I had never seen the prisoner before; I lost nothing; it was the third drawer which was opened, and these things were taken from it; I suppose it did not occupy a second.


                  THOMAS 
                  RUDD
               



            . I am a green-grocer, and live in Weymouth street


, where the prosecutrix lives - I have the shop, and she has the rest of the house - on the 1st of September I saw the prisoner come out of the door - he came not very fast - the prosecutrix then came to the door and asked if I had seen the man come out - I went after him, and at the corner of Little Marylabone-street I saw him; I had lost sight of him after he left the house, but I am sure he is the same person - I went down the street and saw him cross into Great Welbeck-street - I there caught him, and asked him to walk back; he began to abuse me, and asked what business I had to say any thing to him; and how dared I to interrupt him, and if I did not go back he would knock me down - I do not know whether he meant to strike me, but he put up his arm - I stood aside, and he ran - I followed, crying Stop thief! and some persons stopped him in Little-Welbeck-street.
Cross-examined. Q. I believe he was searched? A. Yes, and nothing found on him; I did not take hold of his collar - I am certain he is the man.


                  JAMES 
                  SELBY
               



            . I saw a great crowd of people, went up, and took the prisoner; he said he had done nothing, and he would not be taken - I advised him to go quietly to the station, and we should see.
Prisoner. It is of no use my saying any thing, as he swears I am the person; I deny being near the house - I was not in the street at all; the man came and asked me to go back to speak to the lady - I said no person wished to speak to me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
