






1746. 



THOMAS BANISTER,



 FREDERICK PARSONS,


 HARRIET HICKEY
 and 



MARGARET DONOVAN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of June, 1 pair of half-boots, value 8s. the goods of 




Thomas Tracey, from his person.






THOMAS TRACEY
. I am a Marine, quartered at Woolwich. On the 2nd of June, I had been drinking at a public-house, and left at half-past eleven o'clock to go to the barracks—I was very drunk, and when I got into the air I got worse—I think I laid down, and when I came too, I found myself lying in the street, and my boots cut off me—when I left the public-house, I had my boots laced tight on—they had been cut off, and my right foot was very much cut—I was in the hospital sixteen days—I had not seen the prisoners on the night I lost them—it was Saturday night or Sunday morning.





WILLIAM GREEN
. I am a watchman of Woolwich. I was of duty that Sunday morning at four o'clock, and was in a lane called Ship-stairs—I observed a great deal of blood on the stone of a public-house—I traced the blood about 30 yards, and there I saw the prosecutor buttoning up his trowsers—his boots were off, and his trowsers were all bloody as high as his knees—he was quite sober then, but quite in a debilitated

state—his stockings and feet were cut—I gave him in charge to our superintendent—I then took two men with me, and saw a boat coming up with parsons and the two female prisoners in it, about a quarter past five o'clock—I saw them go alongside the Peter boat, and Parsons took these boots out of it, and put them in the boat he was in—he then came towards the stairs—he saw us, and seemed to avoid us, and was going to pull towards the river—we drew off, and then he landed at Ship-stairs—he pulled off his shoes, turned up his trowsers, and washed his feet and hands in the Thames—he then up the stairs—I went and took him, and told him that these boots which he had in his hand were what I was looking for—(the tongue of this boot is cut through, and here is blood in the boot)—he seemed very much agitated, and could hardly get a word out—at last he brought out the word "Tracey"—I told him he must go with me to the station, and we took him—he declared he was innocent of any thing—I showed him the blood that laid about, and said the man was pretty well killed—he put his two hands together, and said, so help him God, it was not him, but he knew the man that did do it—we left the women while we took him to the station—when he got there, he said he had the boots from Banister—we searched him, and took 4d. from him, and on over hauling his coat, we found blood under the arm, where we suppose the boots had been put—we then went back for the women, and as we were bringing them up, one was bantering the other to tell the truth, and at last Hickey said that Banister was the man that Parsons got the boots from, and that at the time the boots were taken from the man, she made the remark that it lay in her power to transport them both if she liked—I left the women in the custody of my brother officer, and went to Banister's lodging—I found him on the bed but not undressed—I questioned him whether he had been with parsons during the night—he said he had the whole of the night, and had left him about half-past three o'clock in the morning—but previous to my finding Tracey, I had seen Banister coming up the lane at near four o'clock, and I called to him, to tell him that his wife, or the woman that he lives with, was looking for him, and he ran away from me—I watched him home, and on returning from there, I discovered the blood, and the prosecutor.





THOMAS MORRIS
. I am a watchman of Woolwich. I assisted in taking Parsons, and was at the station when Banister was brought in which was about half an hour after Parsons was there—I searched Banister, and found this knife in his jacket pocket—it has some blood on the handle, and on the small blade of it—he wanted it back again, I said, no, I should keep it in my possession—he did not say any thing about the boots.

Q. Do you mean to say, that nothing was said about who cut the boots off? A. No, there was not to Banister—I made my mark to my deposition, and it was read over to me—Banister did not say my thing to me about the boots—I knew him before—I did not hear Parsons say any thing about the boots.

Parsons. Q. Where were you when I came on shore? A. On Shipstairs—we drew back a little distance, and then you came up the stairs.





SAMUEL NICHOLLS
. I am a constable of Woolwich. I was at the watch-house that morning, and Richard Fowler, who is not here, asked me to allow him to go into the cage to see the prisoners, and let them have a pot of beer, which I did—I heard Parsons say to him," So help me God." Dick. I did not see the man take the boots off his feet, he slipped

from me, but he brought me the boots, and I put them under my and which caused the blood to be on my coat."

Parson's Defence. I was rowing up, and went aside the Peter boat—I saw these boots in the boat—I took them, and was going to carry them up to the man's house—Green then came, and said they were what he was looking for—I said, "There they are, take them"—I them put on say own boots and walked with them—I might have thrown them over board or on one side, instead of having them in my hand—my hands and feet were muddy, as I had been in the mud to Barking—Green used the would "Tracey" first.

BANISTER, HICKEY and DONOVAN—


NOT GUILTY
. PARSONS—



GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
