






491. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WOOD
                  





               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SYKES
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Kerry
                        




                     
                  , from his person; and that they had both been before convicted of felony
            .
JOHN KERRY. I am a brewer
, and live in Paul-street, Finsbury. On the 3rd of February, about ten minutes before eleven o'clock at night, I was in Long-lane


, returning home - I felt my handkerchief safe in my pocket not three minutes before; I did not feel it taken - a witness gave me information; I returned back, and at the corner of Aldersgate-street, I saw him lay hold of Wood and another, who was in his company; and a Policeman took Sykes, who ran across the street and dropped my handkerchief - I did not see it thrown down, but came up in time to see the officer pick it up, not twenty yards from where he took Sykes.


                  CHARLES 
                  PRICE
               



            . I live at No. 2, Wade-place, Long-lane - I know the prisoners. About three quarters of an hour after ten o'clock, I saw the prisoners in Long-lane, in company; there were five or six in company together - I saw the two prisoners, with a third, take the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket; Wood drew it out and gave it to Sykes - the others went away, except one of them - I crossed over, and told the watchman what I had seen - he sent me to tell Kerry; I saw the prisoners taken into custody - I saw Sykes throw the handkerchief at the watchman's feet; the watchman picked it up.


                  JAMES 
                  McNIELL
               



            . I am watchman of Long-lane. Price gave me information; we walked on the opposite side, and saw the prisoners take the handkerchief - Wood stooped down by the side of the wall; I said "They have done it, now you go and ask the gentleman if he has lost his handkerchief, and I will keep them in sight" - he came and gave me information - I took Sykes, and he threw the handkerchief from him, and ran down Hare-court; I ran after him, and brought him back; Kerry claimed the handkerchief - the third person was taken, and discharged by the Magistrate.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HICKS
               



            . I am a constable. I received them in charge - I have the handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  VINN
               



            . I am a Policeman. I have a certificate from Mr. Clark's office, of the conviction of Edward Luck - (read); I was present when he was tried and convicted - the prisoner Wood was the person who was tried under that name.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KERRY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I have a certificate of the conviction of Sykes, which I got from theoffice of this Court - (read); I am sure he is the man - I was present when he was tried.
WOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
SYKES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
