






2158. 
               
                  
                     JOSHUA 
                     CHAMBERLAIN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     CHAMBERLAIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of July
, 1 coat, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Carter
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  BREWER
               



            . I take care of horses in a hackneycoach-yard; this coat is Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Carter
               



            's property - he was taken ill on the Sunday morning, and I drove his coach - this coat was on the box; I had the care of it - one of the horses slipped down at the corner of Brick-lane, Church-street


, between two and three o'clock in the morning - I got down to get the horse up, and when I looked for the coat, it was gone.


                  JAMES 
                  WALTON
               



             (Police-constable H 85). I was in Wentworth-street, and saw Philip Chamberlain come up a little court - he then turned, and went back; I thought something was wrong; I ran up, and saw him speaking to his brother Joshua, who then had a large coat on, and a stick in his hand - there was at that time a noise of some labourers going out to work; I turned to look at them, and the two prisoners were gone, but I knew them both; and soon after I saw Joshua come and speak to his brother without the great coat; two officers came up at the time, and I told them of it.


                  CHARLES 
                  RANDALL
               



             (Police-constable H 68). Walton informed me of this; I went and took Joshua Chamberlain in Essex-street, and found this coat in a dust-hole, up a court, not far from where he had been standing, and this stick not far from him: the other officer took the other prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to).


                  Joshua 
                  Chamberlain
               



            's Defence. I got up at a quarter past five o'clock to go to work; the gates of the yard were shut - I was waiting for some of the workmen, and this officer took me.
Philip Chamberlain's Defence. I came out with my brother - the gates were not open - I said, "We will go and call our shopmates."
J. CHAMBERLAIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
P. CHAMBERLAIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
