





840. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LEE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of March
, 3 shillings and 22 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Phillips
                  




               
            .
JOHN PHILLIPS. I keep a public-house in Upper Marylebone-street




. I have known the prisoner about sixmonths; he represented himself as a man who made buttons for coachmen and guards
; he said he made them frequently from shillings and from sixpences, but he was troubled to get such as would suit him, and perhaps I could accommodate him; I said if I could I would - I have been in the habit for a month or two of showing him silver to select from, and at last I was so fully satisfied that I lost some, that I marked some shillings and sixpences; on the 5th of March he came, said he had an order to make some buttons, and asked if I had any sixpences; I said"Yes," and took out a cup of sixpences, which I had marked - I spread them out on the table; he selected two, for which he gave me 1s.; I put them back into the cup, and saw there was a deficiency - he then said,"Have you any shillings?" I took forty, which I had marked, out of my pocket, and laid them before him; he said there were none which would suit him - I watched him, but did not see him take any; I counted them, and missed three of them - he went into my tap-room; I counted my sixpences, and missed twenty-two - he called for some ale and rum, and gave me one of my marked sixpences in payment; he then came out, as if to go, but said he must have another drop of rum, which he did, and he gave me another of my sixpences - the officer, whom I had sent for, then came in; I gave charge of the prisoner: he denied having any silver of mine on him - he was taken to the station, and my three shillings and twenty sixpences were found on him; two of the sixpences he had paid to me.


                  JOHN 
                  MOULD
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was sent for, and took the prisoner to the station; he denied having any money of the prosecutor's - when he was at the station he said that what money he had about him was what he had received of the prosecutor on the Wednesday before - he took the silver out of his right-hand breeches pocket, and he had no more silver there.
Cross-examined by MR. DONNE. Q. What else did you find on him? A. Two buttons, which are what he calls his trade, as a button-maker - another officer afterwards found a sovereign on him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRESWELL
               



            . I marked this money by the prosecutor's desire, on the Sunday before, and I know it again.
MR. PHILLIPS. This is my money; I know it by the marks on it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not the prisoner take out his purse at the tap that morning? A. No, not that I saw -I watched him closely, but did not see him take any thing; I put sixty sixpences before him; I said I had more silver up stairs, because he asked me.
Prisoner. We looked over the silver together, and I would have given him the sovereign if he had given me the rest of the silver for it - I have changed many a sovereign with him.
MR. PHILLIPS. He never changed but one in his life - he looked over this silver, I did not; he used frequently to take home a pint of rum in a bottle with him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 62. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
