



1913. 





ELEANOR POLLARD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of June, 8 shirts, value 1l. 10s., the goods of 




Samuel Morgan Lewis.






SAMUEL MORGAN LEWIS
. I am a hosier and glover, in the Strand. I lost eight shirts—I gave them to a girl, to give to the prisoner to wash—I believe she is not here—the prisoner is a laundress—they were to have been returned in two or three days—I never heard of them since, till they were produced by the pawnbroker.





RICHARD COLLIER
. I am a pawnbroker, at Mr. Coles's, Waterloo-road. I have two shirts, pawned by a young person of the name of Webb—she is here.





JOHN FRY
. I am shopman at Mr. Ashman's, pawnbroker. Long Acre. I have four shirts—I do not know who pawned them.






MARY ANN WEBB
. I have known the prisoner about eighteen years—she gave me the two shirts to pawn in the Waterloo-road—I gave her the money.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not pledge some shirts to the amount of 30s., and you took the money to get some things out? Witness. Yes, and you gave me these to pawn, and I gave you the money.





SAMUEL TATE
 (police-sergeant D 11.) I took the prisoner, from information—when I got her to the station I told her she was charged with receiving a quantity of shirts and other wearing apparel—she said, "You are right; I am the person; I have got the tickets on me; if you will not search me I will give you up the duplicates"—on the woman searching her, she found seventy-one duplicates, part of which she said were for the stolen articles.





THOMAS POCOCK
 (police-constable F 38.) I was employed to find the prisoner—she left her lodging, and took lodgings at Kingston—I went there, and found a portion of the property, which was given up.





SAMUEL MORGAN LEWIS
. These are my shirts—they have my marks on them.

Prisoner. I had but six shirts from the prosecutor, not eight—they never were returned, but they were not stolen—they were illegally pledged—this young woman used the money for her own purposes—I did not have it.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner, for stealing forty eight shirts.)
