



451. 




JOHN WISHART
 was indicted

 for-bigamy.


MR. PRICE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM WILLIAMS
. I am the parish clerk of Newington. I produce the register of marriages of that parish—on the 18th of February, 1833, I find an entry of the marriage of John Wishart, bachelor, with Sarah Alicia Lushman, spinster, married by banns, by the Rev. Thomas England, in presence of Richard Chipperfield and Hannah Chipperfield—I was present, but I cannot swear to the prisoner. Richard Chipperfield. I live in James-street, Clerkenwell. I how the prisoner, and was present at the church of St. Mary, Newington, in February, 1833, upon the occasion of his marriage—he is the person that was married to Sarah Alicia Lushman, whom I saw last evening.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON.Q. What are you? A. A book-binder—I have lived in Clerkenwell upwards of two years—I know Mrs. Collins—she is the very person who is here called Sarah Alicia Lushman—she is called Mrs. Collins, and was so long before—she lived some time with Mrs. Chipperfield while she was single—my wife knew her by the name of Collins—she did not go by that name till the marriage—about a month previous circumstances took place which made a very great difference—I know Mr. Collins by seeing him at a public-house—he never passed as the husband of Mrs. Collins in my presence—they did not live together then, but I understood they had done so—I heard her speak of her children by Mr. Collins—there were two children, who both died—they separated, and she lived with Mrs. Chipperfield a few days I have not seen Mr. Collins since the prisoner's marriage, but

I saw the coffin in which he was, two or three months after the marriage, in—the room when he was going to be buried.

MR. PRICE.Q. Have you any doubt that the person who went by the name of Mrs. Collins was in fact the very Sarah Alicia Lushman who married the prisoner? A. Not the shadow of a doubt.





HANNAH CHIPPERFIELD
. I am the wife of Richard Chipperfield. I was present with my husband at the marriage of the prisoner with Sarah Alicia Lushman, on the 18th of February, 1833—I have seen hit wife lately.





JOSEPH ROBERT
. I am the parish clerk of St. Mary, Islington I produce the register of marriages for last year—on the 3rd of September, 1836, I find the marriage of John Wishart to Jane Abbot, spinster—I was present, and have not the least doubt the prisoner is the man.





JANE ABBOT
. I know the prisoner—he was married to me, on the 3rd of September last, at Islington church—he represented himself as a widower—I was totally ignorant of that being untrue.

MR. CLARKSON
called






WILLIAM HENRY JACKSON
. I am an undertaker. I buried Joseph Collins on the 30th of June, 1833.





JAMES MASCALL
. I live at the Hope, in Newgate-market. I know Mrs. Collins—I never knew her by the name of Lushman—she admitted to me that she had married the prisoner while Collins was alive.

MR. PRICE.Q. Did you know any thing about Collins? A. No, but I understood he died in our parish workhouse.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.
