





1698. 




GEORGE JONES. alias
 George Batcher

, 




WILLIAM GOODGE
alias
 Henry Roberts

, and 




GEORGE FOWLER, alias
 George winterbank, alias
 William James

, were indicted for

 feloniously uttering a counterfeit half-crown, knowing it to be counterfeit, they having been previously convicted as common utterers of had money.


MR. ELLIS
conducted the Prosecution.






CALES EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant-solicitor to the Mint, I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of George Jones, with another person, in February, 1836. for uttering, counterfeit coin; also one of William Goodge, with another person, in April. 1836; and of George Fowler, alias Winterbank, with two other. in 1834—I have examined each of them with the originals, and the are true copies.





ROBERT TAYLOR
 (police-constable G 166.) I was present at the trial of the prisoner Jones of this Court, in February, 1836—I had apprehended him for passing a bad crown-piece—he was sentenced to twelve months imprisonment—I am sure he is the man.





JOHN WOODHOUSE
. I am a policeman, I was a witness on the trial of the prisoners William Goodge, on the 4th of April, 1836, in the New Court, for uttering bad money.





GEORGE THORNTON
. I am a policeman, I was present at the trial of Fowler, on the 22nd of September, 1834, at Clerkenwell—he was sentenced to two years' imprisonment.





JOSEPH O'BRIEN
, I keep a beer shop in crown-court, Dorset-street, Fleet-street On Saturday evening the 10th of June. the prisoner Jones came in and asked for a pint of four penny ale, and offered a had half-crown—I gave him change, and put the half-crown into my trowsers pocket—I

had no other half-crown there at the time—he went away—about five minutes after Goodge came and called for a pint of fourpenny ale—he gave me half-a-crown, which I put into the same pocket—I gave him change and he went away—I had no other half-crowns than those two—in about a quarter of an hour Caroline Jee came to me—I had some conversation with her, and took the two half-crowns out of my pocket, and found they were bad—they were the two I had received—I put them into my waistcoat pocked, where I had no others—soon after William Jee, the constable, came, and in better than half an hour Jones and Fowler came in and asked for a pint of ale—my wife served them, and Jones gave her half-a-crown—she gave it to me immediately. and it was good—I suspected it was had at the time it was put into my hand and I charged both the prisoners with uttering two with a shilling, to take the half-crown back again—my wife refused the shilling and took the halfpence—they asked for the half-crowns and the good one refused to give them, and I put the two bad half-crowns and the good one into my waistcoat pocket—I had no other half-crowns there—Goodge was brought in afterwards by Jee—I saw him go to the seat where Fowler was and something was handed to him by Fowler, which he imm diately swallowed—they lowed—they were then taken to the station-house—I marked the half-crowns there, and gave them to the constable of the night they were not out of my sight at all—Goodge requested the constable to let him look at the money the see that it was good, and he made a snap at it to get it—I gave them to Jee at last.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure you had no other half-crown about you? A. Yes—I had received about 9s., and these two half-crowns, that evening, but no others—I had not received any bill—that was the first night of opening the house—I had received 11l. 10s. in gold, and 2s., that evening, but there were no half crowns in it—the half-crowns were never out of my possession till I gave them to the constable at the station-house—the officer still retained the half-crowns—when Goodge snapped at them, they merely fell on the desk—there were several officers about, but only on had them—I said all the three half-crowns were bed, but Mr. Alderman Harmer said one was a good one.





CAROLINE MARY JEE
. My father keeps a small pastry-cook's shop opposite Mr. O'Brien's. I was in the shop, on the 10th of June, between nine and ten o'clock, and saw the three prisoners pass the window two or three times together—I heard one of them (I do not know which) say. "Go in there"—they were standing opposite, and of course they meant Mr. O'Briens's—Jones then went in, and I saw Goodge looking in under the certain at the time—Fowler was looking in at a tobacconist's next door—I saw Jones come out—he came and took a light for his pipe at our window twice—he did not join the others then—I then saw Goodge go into Mr. O'Brien's, and the others waited for him—I saw him came out, and Fowler joined him—Goodge called to Jones, and said, "Come along Edward, it is all right; luck again; we have done it as it should be"—they all went down the court together—I told my father, who is a constable, when he came home, and I went to Mr. O'Briens's, and saw him take the money out of his pocket—a few minutes after eleven o'clock I saw the prisoners again—they all three came up the court together—Fowler and Jones knocked at O'Brien's door, and Goodge walked up the court slowly—Mr. O'Brien refused to admit them, but I told her something, and she asked them in—I then went my father, and sent him there.


Cross-examined. Q. Where were you standing? A. The last time, I was behind the door; the first time, I was behind the counter—we keep our window open—it is in Crown-court, Temple.





WILLIAM JEE
. I am a constable, and father of the last witness. I went to O'Brien's house, and he showed me two half-crowns—Jones and Fowler came into the house in about half an hour, and offered a half-crown to O'Brien—he charged them with passing two bed ones, and that one at the time—I said I considered it bad myself—it was very much discoloured—I fetched Goodge in, who was outside, and he went over towards Fowler—did with it, as I was behind him—I searched them, and found on Jones a shilling and threepence halfpenny, but nothing on the other two—O'Brien gave me the half-crowns, which I produce.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he take them out of his pocket, and give them to you? A. Yes—they were marked at the watch-house—they were examined by the night-constable, but were never out of my sight.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to her Majesty's Mint. I have examined the half-crowns—two of them are counterfeit, and have been east in the same mould—the other is a good one.

Goodge's Defence. I was never in the house.

Fowler's Defence. I know nothing about this man—I certainly went in with Jones, to have a pint of ale, when he tendered the good half-crown.

JONES—


GUILTY
 Aged 24.

GOODGE—


GUILTY
 Aged 36.

FOWLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 41.





Transported for Seven Years.
