





1860. 
               
                  HARRIET 
                  JACKSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of September
, 1 shawl, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Griffiths
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  PEWTNER
               



            . I am servant of 
               
                  John 
                  Griffiths
               



            , a pawnbroker
, of Ossulton-street, Somers'-town


. This shawl hung on a line close by the counter - I saw it safe about three o'clock, and missed it between five and six; the prisoner was then in the shop - I went round the counter, and charged her with it; Lloyd, the officer, who was in the next shop, came in, and took her - she denied it; it was not found about her then - there was another woman with her.


                  ANDREW 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner in charge; a female in the house searched her, but did not find the shawl; I took her to Hatton-garden - she was remanded, and the gaoler took her to the lock-up place; she denied it strongly - she and the other woman were searched; the other was examined on a separate charge.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



             I am an officer. I took the prisoner to the lock-up place; a girl ran into the yard,and hallooed out "Harriet, what have you gat?" she said,"Remanded, but come in, I want to speak to you;" I let her go into the yard - the prisoner immediately put her hand up her clothes, pulled a shawl out, and gave it to the girl, who put it up her own clothes, but I took it from her.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met two young girls, who asked me to go and pawn a pair of shoes; the shawl was missed, but I was searched, and had not got it.



               GUILTY
            . - Aged 15. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
