




2278. 




JULIA HILL
 and 




CAROLINE SARAH BUTLER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
9th of August, 1 frock, value 1s., the goods of 



Frederick Herbert Lamb, from the person of 



Charles James Lamb.


MR. PAYNE.conducted the Prosecution.






ANN LAMB
. I am the wife of Frederick Herbert Lamb, a modeller, who lives at No. 37, Winchester-street, Pentonville. The prisoner Hill was in my service—I discharged her on Thursday, the 8th of August—I had her from St. Pancras Workhouse, and took her back there, and in going along I saw the other prisoner, who persuaded Hill to insult me, and not to go back to the workhouse, but to go home with her—I have two little boys—one is Charles James Lamb—he is three years and a half old, and another, who is between four and five—on the Friday afternoon, the day after 1 discharged Hill, I sent them to school, and they were brought home by Watkins—I missed from Charles James his frock, which he had on when he went to school—I did not desire Hill to go for the children that day—she was not then in my service.





ELIZABETH HARRIET COPSON
. I am assistant to Mrs. Hassell, who keeps a school in Collier-street—Lamb's children came to school there—they came on that Friday, and about half-past three o'clock Hill came to fetch them—she said she came for the two children, and her mistress wanted them directly—she had been to fetch them before—Charles James Lamb had his frock on when he left.





EMMA ANN WATKINS
. I live in Regent's Cottages, White Conduitfields. On that afternoon, about half-past four o'clock, I was near some arches in the Chalk-road—I saw the two Lambs there, and the little one had no frock on—I found where they lived, and took them home.





WILLIAM HARRIS
.(police-constable N 112.) On that Friday I was near the arches in the Chalk-road—I saw Butler sitting on the grass, at the mouth of one of the arches, and she had got Charles James Lamb in her lap—I told her to go out of the field—she said something, and Hill came out from under the arch, and looked at me—they were together.






ELIZABETH BEARD
. I am the wife of John Beard, of Weston-street, Somers-town. On that Friday afternoon, about half-past five o'clock, both the prisoners came to my shop—Butler asked me if I wanted to buy a frock for either of my children—I said I did not—Hill said, "You know me"—I said, "I know your face"—she said, "Will you have the frock?"—I said, "No"—I at last took the frock of Butler—this is it.





HENRY WILLIAMS
.(police-sergeant E 8.) I received this frock from Mr. Beard.





ANN LAMB
. This is my child's frock.

Hill's Defence. It was not me that stripped the children—Butler stripped them, and sold the frock.

Butler's Defence. She fetched the children from school, and took off the frock—I said, "You had better not do it."

HILL—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.

BUTLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Ten Years.—
Penitentiary.
