



932. 




ELLEN DAWSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
16th of March, 2 sheets, value 6s.; 4 knives, value 2s.; 4 forks, value 2s.; 1 candlestick, value 1s.; and 1 tumbler glass, value 6d.; the goods of 



Mari Susanne Quantin, her mistress; and that the had before been convicted of felony.






MARI SUSANNE QUANTIN
. I live in Lyon-terrace, Edgeware-road, and am a widow. The prisoner came into my service on a Thursday afternoon in March—I do not recollect the day of the month—I went into the kitchen on a Wednesday morning, and desired her to fetch a roll for breakfast—I found a bunch of artificial flowers in the kitchen—I asked her where she got them—she said she found them among the saucepans—I know they had been kept in a box in the kitchen—when I ordered her to go for the roll, I went into the kitchen—I found she had taken her own basket to fetch the roll, instead of the common market-basket; and when she came back, I saw her take some knives from her basket—I then desired her to undress, and from her pocket she produced a candlestick and some other things—she was sitting near a coal-scuttle, and I saw there a parcel of knives, which I took up, in cloth, and some forks in a cloth—I asked her how she came by these things—she looked at me, but did not reply—she dressed again, and I was going to discharge her I said, "Let me see the remainder of your things"—she took them and spread them on the floor—I then went up stairs to tell a lady who was living there; and while I was talking to her, she cast her eye to the window, and said the servant was going out with a parcel—I sent after hr, and had her stopped; and she had got a sheet of mine, which had been kept in a store-room, and she acknowledged there was another sheet in the meat-screen—these are the articles.

Prisoner. My mistress did not give me clean sheets on my bed when I entered her service, and, at the first opportunity, I took a pair to air them, and put them on my bed—the knives and forks I was cleaning up that day, as she was going to part with her lodgers—the candlestick and bottle-stopper were in the coal-scuttle, not in my pocket.





JOHN PACKER
. I am a labourer and live in Richmond-street, Marrylebone

I was going by Mrs. Quantin's house on the 18th of March, between nine and ten o'clock, and stopped the prisoner by Mrs. Quantin's desire—she had a bundle—she went back with me—the bundle was untied in my presence—there was one sheet in it, marked.





JOHN TAYLOR
 (police-sergeant S 17.) On the morning of the 18th of March I went to Mrs. Quantin's house—the prisoner was given into my charge; and a young lady said, while the prisoner was in the kitchen, that there was another sheet in the meat-safe—the prisoner then said that her mistress gave her the keys to go to the wardrobe, and in an unguarded moment she took them; but if she had had an opportunity she should have put them back again—I told her to hold her tongue.





MARI SUSANNE QUANTIN

re-examined. These are my property—it was not a bundle of her own things which she was taking away—she had only one gown—she put her things together after I went up stairs—I had not discharged her before—I was going to discharge her; but while I was gone up, she ran away—she says there were no clean sheets on her bed, but that is not the case—I sent her up stairs for a bottle of spirits from the store-room; and while I was occupied with a friend, she went up to the store-room; and waited ten minutes.

Prisoner. She gave me the key to go for a bottle of gin, and I took the sheets to put them on my bed—she so hurried me away that morning that I did not know what I did—I took one with me, and I left some of my own things behind. Witness. She left some of her own things on the kitchen table.





FRANCIS KEYS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction of felony (read)—the prisoner is the woman.




GUILTY
.* Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
