





669. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     HARBOUR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of January
, 2 half-crowns, 7 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS SMITH. I am carter
 to a gentleman in the Edgware-road. On the night of the 22nd of January, I went to the Horse and Sack


 public-house, between ten and eleven o'clock - I was quite sober; I had two pints of half-and-half there - the prisoner was there; she asked me for beer - I gave her some; she asked for gin, and I told the boy to bring a quartern; she stood by me, and I felt her hand in my trousers pocket; (I had seen her two years ago, but not since) I had 12s. 6d. in my pocket - she pulled it all out; I saw it in her hand -I tried to get it from her, but she threw it down in one corner; I saw two half-crowns and one shilling in her hand - there was a parcel of chaps in the room; I was afraid to look for the money - the people then shoved me about, and I got away as fast as I could; I am certain my money was safe when I went into the house - I never got any of it back; I went out for a Policeman, and when I returned the house was all shut up, and she was gone; I had been away a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes.
JURY. Q. Could you hear any body in the house after you returned? A. No - I knocked, and nobody answered.


                  THOMAS 
                  SHILVER
               



            . I am pot-boy at the Horse and Sack, kept by Mr. Moss. The prisoner came in on this Saturday night, before the prosecutor - he sat in the taproom for a minute, and then stood up by the fire; I saw the prisoner speak to him; he called for a quartern of gin, and gave me half a crown - I gave him the change; the prisoner then put her hand into his pocket, and pulled out the money; the men who had been drinking with her were laughing and talking together, and she dropped all but two half-crowns and one shilling, which she kept in her hand - the prosecutor accused her of the robbery; my master was serving in the bar, and knew nothing of it till morning - the house was cleared because it was twelve o'clock - I believe the prisoner went away with the men; I found no money on the floor - I believe the men picked it up.
Prisoner's Defence. I met him by the Red Lion; he took me to this house, and paid for some fish for me there - I heard some money drop, but do not know where it came from; I got intoxicated, and do not know what became of him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
