




1454. 




JOHN LEE
 and 




WILLIAM ANSELL
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
28th of May, 5 pints of wine, value 12s.; 1 pint of brandy, value 3s.; 5 bottles, value 1s.; and 1 1/2 pints of spirits of wine, value St.; the goods of 



George James Clifton, the master of the said 



John Lee.






GEORGE JAMES CLIFTON
. I am a wine-merchant, and live in Connaught-terrace, Regent's-park. Lee was my footman and had been so abort a month—he did not suit me, and was to leave on the 28th of May—at five o'clock that morning, he awoke me by knocking at my door—I asked what he wanted—he said the policemen were making some bother down stairs—the policeman, who was on the stairs, called out, "I think there is a robbery in your house"—I put on my dressing gown and ran down—I found the policeman with Lee and the other prisoner in my passage—the officer stated he had seen Ansell leaving my house with a bundle, that he asked him what it was, and he said it contained dirty linen, that he brought him back to my house, and the door was opened by Lee, who said, it was dirty clothes and he had given it him—the policeman said he must see what it was, and he came in and opened the bundle, which contained four bottles of wine—I then asked Lee where he got the wine—he said he bought it in Oxford-street—the officer said to me, "Is it not your wine?"—I looked at it, and said to Lee, "That answer will not do, it is mine, you had better confess at once, and tell me where you got this from"—after some demur, he said, "I took it from your cellar"—I asked him who Ansell was—he said his brother-in-law, and he came to assist him to take away his clothes—Lee's boxes were searched, but nothing was found—I was in the meantime speaking to Ansell, and asked if that was all he had taken—he produced a fifth bottle from his trowsers pocket, which contained brandy—the officer then took them to the station—Ansell made some demur about giving the number of the house he resided at—I said, it would be better to go to his house, and he should show us—we went there and saw his wife, and found three more bottles of wine.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You said Lee had better confess? A. Yes, I did—I felt kindly towards him notwithstanding all this had happened—these bottles have my seal on them.





ALEXANDER BLACK KENNEDY
. I am a policeman. I was on duty in Connaught-terrace, and met Ausell about five o'clock in the morning, about

three perches from the prosecutor's house—he wag carrying a bundle—I saw that he came from No. 15. I said, "What have you got?"—he said, "Some dirty linen which I got from my brother"—I said, "Was that your brother that opened the door?"—he said, "Not my brother, but brother-in-law"—I took it from him, opened it, and saw a coat, and four bottles—I took him back to No. 15, and pulled the bell—it was answered by Lee—I asked him if he had given the bundle to this man—he said he had—I asked him where he got the bottles—he said he bought them in Oxford-street—I said I should see his master—he said he was indisposed in bed, and I could not see him—I took the knocker of the door, and knocked, and he then went up stairs—he was up tome time—I secured the hall door, and took the bundle and Ansell with me up stairs—when Lee saw me, he knocked at his master's door, and then some lady asked what was the matter—I said I suspected there was a robbery in the house—Mr. Clifton then came down, and I told him what I had done—he asked Ansell where he got the bundle from—he said from Lee—Lee said he bought the wine in Oxford-street—Mr. Clifton said it was his wine; and that would not do—he then said, "Where have you got it from?"—he said from the cellar—I then went to Lee's bed-room, but found nothing there—when I came down, Mr. Clifton had got another bottle—I went with Ansell to his lodging, and found three more bottles there.

Ausell's Defence. I am a gardener by trade, and was working at Kilburn. On Sunday morning, my brother-in-law, Lee, came to my house about eleven o'clock, and brought three bottles of wine—I put them into a box—he asked me to take care of them till the morrow for him—I asked if they belonged to him—he said, "Yes"—he then said he was going to leave his place on the morrow, and would get a lodging for himself—he asked me if I would come and fetch away his box frem his place—I said I could not, as I must go to work at six o'clock—he then asked me to come early—I told him I would oblige him—he promised me 1s. for my trouble—I went next morning, and he gave me the bundle and a small bottle to carry home for him—I asked him for the box—he said I had better take them home first, and come again—I said I should not have time, and he said be supposed he must bring it himself—I then went on, and the policeman called me—I went to him—he asked if I lived in that house—I said no, but my brother-in-law did—he asked what I had got—I said I did not know, but I took it from my brother-in-law—I gave it him to look at—he laid it on the ground, and found four bottles of wine wrapped up in a coat, and tied in a handkerchief—he asked me to go back to the house, and I went with him—I rang the bell, not the policeman—my brother-in-law came—the policeman asked if that bundle came from him—he said it did—the policeman asked to see his master—he said he was not up—he then went up to call his master—we stood at the door a few minutes, and then went up—Lee and Mr. Clifton were standing talking at the door—Mr. Clifton then came down, and looked at the wine, and asked Lee where he got it—he said his young master gave it to him—I then said I had a small bottle in my pocket, he had better look at that, which he did, and then took me to die station-house—I was asked where I lived—I told them, but as I did not know the number, I went and showed them—the officer went in, and found three bottles in the box where Lee left them—this is a true statement—I am perfectly innocent of the charge.

LEE—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

ANSELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.




Transported for Seven Years.
