




2478. 




CHARLOTTE POMEROY
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
18th of October, at 
Lambeth, 1 cash-box, value 2s.; 1 neck-chain, value 15l.; 1 eye-glass, value 30s.; 1 pair of ear-rings, value 3l.; 1 locket, value 3l.; 1 breast-pin, value 25l.; 5 rings, value 5l.; 2 pairs of bracelets, value 25s.; 1 purse, value 5s.; 1 penknife, value 5s.; and 1 pair of clasps, value 15s.; the goods of 



Catherine Cook, in the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Instone: and 





ANN BARTLETT



, for feloniously receiving the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






CATHERINE COOK
. I am a widow. On the 18th of October I lived at No. 6, East-place, Kennington-road, in the house of Thomas Instone—the prisoner Pomeroy was his servant—she waited on me, and made my bed—on the evening of Thursday, the 18th of October, I had a cash-box in my bed-room, which I placed on a chest of drawers—at two o'clock that day, I went to it for some money, and the articles mentioned in the indictment were perfectly safe in the box then—the value of the diamond breast-pin is 25l.—it is in two diamonds—the gold neck-chain is worth fourteen guineas—I had had it about seven years, and paid that for it—I mention the cost of the articles when new—the gold eye-glass cost two guineas——the gold garnet ear-ring set with pearls and the cross together cost six guineas—I cannot say what the five gold rings cost—they were worth 1l.

each, and two pairs of bracelets, worth 25s.—at six o'clock I went into the bed-room, and the cash-box and articles were all gone—there was no money in the box, I had taken it out previously—I have since seen the box in the hands of Brodie, the constable—the articles have been produced—there was no servant but Pomeroy in the house—I never saw Bartlett on the premises.





ROBERT BRODIE
 (police-constable L 102.) In consequence of information I received I went on Thursday night, the 18th of October, to the Surrey Theatre, about seven o'clock, and took Bartlett into custody—I told her I wanted her for a robbery on Mr. Instone and Mrs. Cook—she said the knew nothing about it—I took her to the station-house, and there she said that Pomeroy was in the theatre—we went back to look for her—when we came back Bartlett said the things were in her mother's house—the said that Pomeroy met her, and asked her to go to the theatre with her—I went to Bartlett's mother's house, by the directions she gave me, No. 3, Providence-place, New-street, Lambeth-walk—I searched the house, with Sergeant Bent, and found the cash-box buried in the dust-heap in the yard—(producing it)—it contained the whole of the articles which are now in it—which are two small boxes with a diamond pin, bracelets, ear-rings, and cross—the articles were very wet—I went the next morning with Bartlett to the Police-office—she told me there that what had caused them to be so wet was, that Pomeroy brought them out of Mrs. Cook's room in the slop-pail—I said if she had anything more to say she had better tell the Magistrate—she said that they took the articles to her mother's house, in company together, and that she, Bartlett, had been walking about in front of the house all the Thursday afternoon, waiting to receive them from her, and that Pomeroy brought them out to her in the street in the dirty linen—the home is in the parish of St. Mary, Lambeth.





JOHN BENT
. I am a police-sergeant. I went and found the box—I produce a bead purse which I found on the dust-heap.





JOHN SEWELL
 (police-constable L 156.) I went to the house, No. 3, Providence-place, New-street, on the Friday morning, and found the prisoner Pomeroy there, about ten minutes after nine o'clock—I took her into custody, and told her she was charged with robbing Mrs. Cook, of East-place, Kennington-road—she said she was glad of it—I asked her if she had any property belonging to Mrs. Cook—she put her hand into her pocket, and gave me this silver clasp.





CATHERINE COOK

re-examined. This is mine, and was in the cash-box.





WILLIAM WEST
. I am in the service of Mr. Wharton, a pawnbroker, and live at No. 36, Mount-street, Lambeth. I produce a gold neck-chain and eye-glass, which I received in pledge, for 5s., from Bartlett—when I received it I did not consider it to be gold, but a common chain—it has not we appearance of a gold chain—I did not know the girl, but from the price she asked for it, and saying she had brought it from a Mrs. Lamb, I conceived it was for a temporary accommodation—she was dressed as she is now—the eye-glass is gold, I have no doubt—it is not of the value stated by the prosecutrix—Bartlett said she lived at No. 10, Glo'ster-street—we keep aqua-fortis to test gold, but, from the price asked, it was not necessary to test it.

Bartlett. Q. Was I dressed as I am now? A. I consider so—I considered her a servant.





ALFRED MEECHAM
. I am a shopman to Mr. Savage, a pawnbroker, in

Paradise-street, Lambeth. I produce a wedding ring pawned with me on Thursday, the 18th of October, for 2s. 6d., by Bartlett—Pomeroy came into the box first, but the other one came in before I served her—I have a knife, a wedding ring, and a guard ring, pawned by Pomeroy in Bartlett's presence—I advanced 3s. on the ring, and 9d. on the knife.





CATHERINE COOK
 (looking at the articles.) These are all my property—I saw them safe in the box at two o'clock when I went to it—the house is kept by Thomas Instone—I am merely a lodger—Pomeroy left the house at half-past three o'clock, and absconded.
(Charlotte Crossdale, a widow, No. 6, Dorey-street, Lambeth; Benjamin Savage, a chandler, 57, East-street, Lambeth-walk; Elizabeth Thornton, 99, East-street; and Catherine Sutherby, 55, East-street; deposed to the good character of the prisoner Pomeroy.)

POMEROY—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.—Recommended to the Penitentiary for One Year.


BARTLETT—


GUILTY
. † Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.
