





1747. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BECKLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of August
, 2 pieces of ribbon, containing 32 yards, value 25s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Shoolbred
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Gregory 
                     Cook
                  



               
            .


                  OLIVER 
                  DEATH
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. 
               
                  James 
                  Shoolbred
               



             and 
               
                  Gregory 
                  Cook
               



            , of Tottenham-court-road


. The prisoner was in their shop on the 31st of August, and a person was sent to tell an officer to stop her; I did not serve her - another person was with her; they were brought back in custody of the officer - I saw the prisoner put her hand into her bosom; I followed her into the counting-house, put my hand into her bosom, and found one piece of ribbon; there are thirty-two yards of ribbon in all.


                  ELIZA 
                  WATTS
               



            . I serve in the shop. This woman and another came in - I attended to them - they asked for ribbons, and I showed them some: they bought a remnant, which amounted to 10d.; it was about a yard and a half - they went out of the shop; I had not suspected them, and did not know why they were brought back; I had not sold them this piece of thirty-two yards - I know the mark on it; I do not know where it was.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I was in Tottenham-court-road, and saw the prisoner and another go into three or four different shops; I had suspicion of them, and followed about twenty yards in the rear, till they got to the prosecutors'; I waited outside, and saw the prisoner put one roll of ribbon into her bosom - while I was there a young man came out, and asked if I suspected any one; I said Yes - the women came out, and I took them into custody; I found this in the prisoner's bosom.
Prisoner's Defence. I never went but into two shops, one to get my bonnet, and another to have a pint of beer; I then went to buy some ribbon, and saw this on a chair - I thought some person had bought it and left it, and I took it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
