





652. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     DALLY
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 30th of January
, feloniously did offer and utter a certain 5l. Bank-note, well knowing it to be forged, with intent to defraud 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Pryor
                        




                     
                   and others
            ; against the Statute.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PRYOR
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Pryor
               



             and others, umbrella-maker
s, Holborn-hill


. On the 30th of January, about eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to the shop to buy an umbrella; he fixed on one at 13s., and offered me a 5l. note - I looked at it; it appeared to be a bad one - I took it to a neighbour to ask his opinion, which confirmed mine; I then sent one of our men down for an officer - I did not ask the prisoner how he came by it, but gave him in charge for offering it.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Did you see him searched? A. Yes; only 6d. was found on him; the Bank do not prosecute in this case.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DRAKE
               



            . I am shopman to Messrs Pryor. The prisoner came on the 30th of January and bought an umbrella for 13s., he produced a note - I asked Mr. Pryor to give him change; Mr. Pryor went into the counting-house and then to a neighbour; in the mean time two more men came into the shop and asked about some umbrellas - The prisoner said I shall not be gone above two minutes, I am putting up at the White Horse, Fetter-lane, and am going off by the York Highflier in the morning; the other men did not speak to him - I let him leave the shop; he returned, and Mr. Pryor charged him with the offence - he had a full opportunity of going away; Mr. Pryor sent me for an officer, who took him - he said he was not aware that it was a bad note.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the note handed to Mr. Pryor? A. Yes; he went out with the note in his hand in the prisoner's presence.


                  PRYOR 
                  CHALLICE
               



            . I am waiter at the White Horse, Fetter-Lane. On the 30th of January, between six and seven o'clock the prisoner came there to dine - he left between seven and eight and did not come again; I do not know whether he had taken a place by the York coach - I have nothing to do with the booking-office; he might have taken a place without my knowledge - it leaves our house every morning at nine o'clock.


                  ISAAC 
                  HANNELL
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live at Backhill, Hatton Garden. I did not know the prisoner till he was examined at Guildhall - the note has got my name on it; it is not my writing - the note was never in my possession.


                  JOHN 
                  MARCHANT
               



            . I am an officer of St. Andrew, Holborn. On the 30th of January I saw the prisoner at the the watch-house, charged with uttering the bad 5l. note; I asked him where he got the note - he refused to tell me where he got it; I asked his name, he told me it was 
               
                  Henry 
                  Dally
               



             - I asked him where he resided when he was at home; he said, "I shan't tell you" - I asked how he got his living; he said, "I shan't tell you" - the note was delivered to me: I have had it ever since - I found it laying on the desk in the watch-house: Mr. Pryor had marked it.
MR. PRYOR. This is the note - I have put S. P. on it.


                  ISAAC 
                  HANNELL
               



            . This is the note; I saw it at the Magistrate's - the address on the back is "Hannell, Hatton Garden;" which is my address - (note read).


                  JOHN 
                  BEAN
               



            . I am a watchman. I took the prisoner into custody; the note was handed to me - I put it on the watch-house table after putting my name to it.


                  JOSHUA 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I am inspector of Bank of England notes. This is a forged note in every respect - paper, plate, and signature; it purports to be signed J. D. Carroll, and is not his hand-writing - it is a very bad attempt.
Prisoner's Defence. I took the note in Smithfield market for a horse, which I sold for 7l. 10s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RICHARD AUSTIN
               



            . I am a bricklayer and builder, and live in Union-street, Middlesex-hospital. I was in Smithfield on a Friday in January, I think it was the 25th, and saw the prisoner with a horse; I offered him 6l. 10s. for it - he rather laughed at me; he wanted 10l. - I gave him my card, and told him if he could not make a better price he might call on me; and in a few minutes as I was going to Duke-street, I saw him treating with a man, and he sold it for 7l. 10s. - the man said, "My name is at the back of the note, my name is Hannell;" he gave him a 5l. note and two sovereigns, but I do not know what silver.
COURT. Q. How came you so near them? A. I had beento Duke-street - the person I wanted was dead, and I returned directly; I did not wait with the prisoner five minutes - the horse would have been a bargain at the money I offered; they were in the act of settling for it when I came up - I had no particular reason to notice what money was paid; I did not know the prisoner before - a letter was sent to me about three weeks ago to come as a witness; I left the letter at Guildhall - I did not ask the prisoner where he lived; the Magistrate told me I need not attend any more, but the prisoner's master came and begged me to attend here - I have several houses; I did not see the name of Hannell on the note.
JURY. Q. What colour was the horse? Q. Grey - I sometimes have occasion for two horses, and thought as Spring was coming I should want one.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
