





1448. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     WATTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of June
, 14 handkerchiefs, value 12s.; 13 yards of velvet, value 25s.; 1 veil, value 18s.; 4 yards of fringe, value 6s.; 4 pair of stockings, value 6s.; 19 yards of silk, value 1l. 10s.; 3 yards of satin, value 4s.; 32 yards of lace, value 18s.; 8 yards of net, value 3s.; 1 oz. of silk, value 1s.; 2 ozs. of pins, value 6d.; 1 gross of bodkins, value 6d.; 7 cakes of soap, value 1s.; 2 pots of cold cream, value 4d.; 1 pot of perfumery, value 6d.; 1 bottle of lavendar-water, value 3d.; 4 bottles of oil, value 6d.; 2 muslin frocks, value 4s.; 51 pieces of ribbon, value 8s.; 5 yards of lawn, value 7s., and 18 pairs of gloves, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Church
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .


                  HENRY 
                  CHURCH
               



            . I live at Tottenham


, and am a draper
. The prisoner was my shopman
 for about six months - the articles stated were found in his box in his bed-room; I had suspected him for a long time, and on the 26th of June two females came into the shop - the prisoner served them with some goods; he then left them. and I served them with a pair of stockings - they then said they would not leave the shop till I gave them something to drink -I gave them a glass of gin, and they said something to me, which caused my suspicion; I called in two officers, who searched the prisoner's box, and found these articles; the box was locked, but the hinges were off.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHURCH
               



            . I am the prosecutor's brother. I went there on the afternoon in question - the officers came in while I was there; I saw the articles, some of which I knew, as I had supplied my brother with them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am an officer. I went and searched the prisoner's box, and found the articles - the prisoner was out.


                  JOHN 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner about half-past five o'clock - I asked what he had in his box belonging to his master; he said "Nothing at all, nor never had - what I have there, I can easily account for."


                  HENRY 
                  CHURCH
               



            . I believe these are all my property; I can swear to some of them by the marks - I believe this silk to be mine, it has been cut from the wrong end - I have the fellow piece to this velvet.

Prisoner. Q. When you paid me my first quarter's wages, were not some articles entered in the book, and deducted from the wages? A. Yes, but nothing of this description - I said I would make up your salary to 20l. a year, but there was no per centage allowed you.
COURT. Q. Had he any right to take property? A. No, not without its being entered in the book, and there is no entry of these articles.
Prisoner's Defence. Before I came to live with him, I used to travel for myself - these are mostly the remains of my own packages; these two frock-bodies had been sold to a customer on the Monday before, and they were to be returned if not approved of; they were returned, and as they had been entered and paid for, I put them into my box - I had an accident with some of these handkerchiefs, and Mr. Church said I was to pay for them.
MR. CHURCH. He took out articles, but he was not to keep them till they were disposed of; these are not articles which he was allowed to take out at any time - they are not entered in his book at all; they were in his trunk in his bed-room - I have only a lad who used to go out with the prisoner, my wife, and myself; he never sold any velvet for me - if he had come and brought an order for it, I should have sent it out, but it is not likely to sell at this time of the year; I received this note, which is the prisoner's writing - (read).
"I do promise, if Mr. Church will not file the bill, to return the goods he thinks his, EDWARD WATTS."
JURY. Q. Have you any invoice of these articles? A. No; he used to take goods out in pieces, but not cut off - the velvet and this silk have been cut off the pieces.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
