



1791. 




THOMAS BURCHELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of August, 1 handkerchief, value 3s. of a certain man, whose name is unknown, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JANE LIMAN
. I live in Jane-street, Commercial-road. On the 10th of August, I was just by Aldgate, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening—I saw a gentleman and lady walking together—the prisoner followed them—he put his hand into the gentleman's pocket, and took this handkerchief out—he put it into his coat-pocket, and went after another gentleman, and turned his pocket inside out—the gentleman went on, as he did not miss his handkerchief—I do not know his name—my sister was with me.





ANN LIMAN
. I was with my sister, and saw the prisoner following a lady and gentleman—he took this silk-handkerchief out of the gentleman's pocket—he saw the patrol watching him, and run away afterwards, and the patrol caught him in the Minories.





BENJAMIN RICHARDSON
. I am evening patrol and watchman of the ward. I saw the prisoner following a lady and gentleman—the two witnesses gave me information, and I went after him—he ran away from one and lost him—a few minutes afterwards, the girls came and said what they had seen since—I went after him, and took him—I found the handkerchief on him, and asked him if there was any mark on it—he said there was not—we found C. W, on it—the girls told me the colour of the handkerchief before it was found.





ROBERT TYRRELL
. I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner in April last—I produce a certificate of his former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office (read) I was present at his trial—he is the person who was convicted by the name of James Henry—I have seen him about since.

Prisoner's Defence. I purchased a handkerchief of a Jewess for 2s. 9d. and had not had it ten minutes in my possession before the officer came and took me—he asked me If I had any thing about me—I put my hand in my hat, took the handkerchief out, and gave it to him—he asked if there was any mark on it—I said no, but he never asked if there was a mark on the silk handkerchief—the girls never saw me have the handkerchief.




GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported For Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
