






Before Mr. Justice Park.
364. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PICKETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Carter
                        




                     
                   and another, on the 4th of February
, at St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and stealing therein 1 shawl, value 12s., their goods
            .
JAMES ROSE. I live at No. 184, Hoxton Old Town - I am servant to Mr. Perrian, a coal-dealer - I was going out with some coal up the town, on a Tuesday, and saw the two prisoners looking into the coffee-shop window by the side of Mr. Carter's - then I saw Smith cut the putty of Mr. Carter's window - Pickett was standing by the side of him - Smith cut the putty - I did not see what he did it with - I was across the road opposite - I heard the glass crack - they pushed in the glass; and Smith took out a shawl, and put it under Pickett's apron - they then walked away quite fast down Bacchus'-walk - I put down my coals off my back, and went over to Mr. Carter's, and told what I had seen - Carter went after the prisoners with me- we met them running down Bacchus'-walk - they went into a house, the door of which was open - they were secured - I did not see the shawl found.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CARTER
               



            . I live at Hoxton, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch


 - I am a linen-draper
, in partnership with my brother James - I have no other partner - we live in the same house - the rent is paid jointly - the shop communicates internally with the dwelling-house - on Tuesday, the 4th of February, I heard a sort of crack in the window - I was at the back of the shop - the witness came in - I went out with him down Bacchus's-walk, and found Smith behind the door, in a house there; and the other boy

 came running through from the back of the house directly afterwards - I afterwards saw the shawl - my window was broken - it was a small pane, but quite large enough to take a shawl through - the shawl was close to the opening - I asked them where the shawl was - they said they knew nothing at all about it - this was between eleven and twelve o'clock - I had seen the shawl safe at eleven o'clock - the hole was four or five inches square, large enough for a hand to go through - the putty had been recently put in.
Prisoner Pickett. The window was broken before. Witness. I had had it mended about a week before - it was not broken afterwards.


                  FRANCIS 
                  COOK
               



            . I live in John-street, Bacchus'-walk - my side door which enters into my yard was open, on the morning in question, and a girl about seven years old, who was playing with my children, brought me a shawl - I saw her pick it up, about two yards from my side door in my yard - I did not see either of the prisoners about there - I afterwards gave the shawl to a constable - this was about half-past eleven o'clock on Tuesday morning.


                  CHARLES 
                  CONSTABLE
               



            , (Headborough.) On Tuesday, the 4th of February, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I went to the prosecutor's shop, after the prisoners were brought back - after securing them in the watch-house, I went in the direction they had run - I went to Mrs. Cook, who gave me the shawl which I produce.
JOSEPH CARTER. I know this shawl is mine - I can swear to it - I had seen it that morning.(Richard Forster, jeweller, 6, Weymouth-terrace, Hackney-road, and Lydia Ford, gave the prisoner Pickett a good character.)
PICKETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.





               Confined One Month
             and 



               Transported for Life
            .
