





721. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     MEKIN
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of February
, 64 yards of lace, value 2l., and 7 yards of ribbon, 16s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Simpson
                  




               
            .


                  THEODORE 
                  KIRBY
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. George Simpson - he is a linen-draper
, in Crawford-street, Bryanstone-square


. The prisoner came to his shop on the 28th of February, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening - she bought a trifling article, went out, and came in again in ten minutes, and asked for two or three other articles, which the lad was showing her - I saw him showing her some ribbons; he rolled up one, put it in its place, and showed her some others; he called me, and said he missed one - I went forwards to look for it; the boy said he was sure he missed one - I placed myself between her and the door, and looked for the ribbon, but could not find it in the drawer; I asked the prisoner if she had put it into her pocket-handkerchief by mistake - she said No; her umbrella was by her side - I asked if it had fallen into that; she said No, she did not carry things in her umbrella; I said a piece of ribbon was certainly missing, and as Mr. Simpson was out, and I was left in charge, I must detain her - I asked if she had any objection to wait; she said No - I asked if she would walk further into the shop and take a seat; she walked in, and sat down by the stove, in the middle of the shop; I still kept between her and the door - she seemed very uneasy, as though she could not sit quiet; I apologised for keeping her so long - she said it was of no consequence, and presently she slipped her shoe off her foot; she stooped to put it on again, and I saw her put her hand under the stove, which stood on her left - she then said she could not wait any longer; I sent for an officer - she then got up, and came towards the door; I still kept between her and the door, and told the other boy to look under the stove, which he did, and brought out this ribbon, from the very place where I had seen her put something; when the officer came she begged not to be sent with him - I told her it was her own obstinacy in denying that she took the ribbon; she then said,"Well, I did, don't let me go" - I understood her to mean that she took the ribbon; this lace was found on her at the station - it is my employer's.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How long have you been in the service? A. Three years - I had seen the prisoner several times before, but did not know where she lived; I was serving other customers when she first came in, but not the next time - I was then two or three yards from the boy who served the prisoner; I was doing nothing.
JOSEPH HOWES. I am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Simpson
               



            . I have seen the prisoner at my master's - she came on the 28th of February, about eight o'clock in the evening; she first asked for stay-laces - I served her, and she paid 2d. for it; she then asked for blood lace - I showed her some; she told me to cut her a yard off at 8d.; she gave me 1s. - I gave her the change; she then left the shop, and returned in about ten minutes - therewere some muslin handkerchiefs by the door, marked 6d.; she told me to cut her off one, which I did; she then asked for some band-ribbons for the waist - I showed her a drawer of them, and opened four or five pieces: she said there was none that suited her - I turned to get another, and saw her put her hand to the drawer, take it out, and put it behind her; I looked, and missed one at 2s. 6d. a yard - I then called Mr. Kirby, and told him; he asked her if she had any objection to take a seat - she said No; and she took a seat - Mr. Simpson did not come, and she got uneasy; I was sent for an officer - the other boy took this ribbon from under the stove; I was at the station-house, and saw the officer take her cloak off, and under her arm was this other piece of ribbon, which is not my master's - I did not see the lace found on her.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you and your fellow-servant talked over this matter? A. No; I have certainly spoken to him about it.
WILLIAM HORSFORD (Police-serjeant D 6). I took the prisoner, and searched her at the station; I found on her a roll of ribbon, a sovereign, three shillings in silver, five keys, one yard of blond lace, two yards of net, and a net handkerchief - this roll of ribbon was given me by the shopman.
Cross-examined. Q. Did she not tell you where she lived? A.She told me at No. 15, George-street, which I found was not true; but by a letter found on her I discovered her address.
THOMAS BURTON (Police-constable D 14). I searched the prisoner after she had been confined about an hour; she was brought out of the cell, and asked if a trunk belonged to her - as she was sitting before the fire she pulled up her petticoats to warm her legs, and I saw something hanging down, I asked what it was, she said her garter; I took hold of it, and about two yards of this lace came down - I said, "You may as well give me this?" she said "You may take it, it is gone as far as it can" - there were three other charges against the prisoner, but the parties would not prosecute.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
