



1953. 




WILLIAM MORRIS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of July, at 
Ealing, alias Zealing
, I gelding, price 7l. 7s., the property of 



Joseph Ankins.






JOSEPH ANKINS
. I live at Hanwell. I had a grey gelding last July, in the meadows at Drayton-green, in the parish of Ealing about a mile from my house—I missed it on Thursday, the 28th of July—I had seen in the day before—I went and examined the meadow after my servant had been—the gate was never locked—I found a gap in the hedge—the prisoner had been employed by me the Saturday before, and might have been so to this day if he had liked—I had not discharged him—he was been in my service as a carpenter lately, and sometimes as a hay-maker—I am a builder as well as a farmer—he had not been dismissed, but never came to work after the Saturday.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS
Q. You say he never came again to work; did he come at all to you to speak to you? A. I met him in the road on the Wednesday—the horse night have got over the gap and started away—I have never recovered it.





MARY ANN BLATCH
. I live at Drayton-green, adjoining the field where Mr. Ankins kept his horse. On Thursday, the 28th of July, just after breakfast, I saw the prisoner—I knew him before, by working for Mr. Ankins—he had a grey horse with him, and he led it by the mane—he said

he had found his master's horse at the hay-rick—he asked me to give him a bit of cord—I did not do so, and he went away from my gate, leading the horse away by the mane.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know his master very well? A. Yes; the prisoner was aware of that—he called it his master's horse to me—I was in the habit constantly of seeing his master.

COURT. Q. Have you always said he said it was his master's horse? A. Yes; he said the horse had been eating his master's hay, instead of our cow—I am quite he said it was his master's horse.





JOSEPH HUNT
. I hold a little land at Greenford, about two miles from Hanwell. On Thursday, the 28th of July, I was coming out of my field, along the road, about the middle of the day, and met the prisoner, on a grey horse, sitting on one side of the saddle—I looked at him, and he stopped—I said nothing to him, but he said he had been looking after his master's horse all day, for his master wanted him to go to London—I then asked him who his master was; but he spoke so very hoarse I did not understand what name he mentioned—I asked him where he came from—I understood him to say from Norwood-green—I did not ask him any more questions—I saw Mr. Ankins a day or two afterwards—he made inquiry of me, and I told him what I had seen.





ROBERT MANN
. I am a policeman. I received information of this, and searched for the prisoner—I met him, on the 11th of August, in Old Brentford—I had only received information that day—I told him to come to the station-house, and he should be told the charge, and before I got him there he said, "I know what it is for, but my mother has been up there and has settled it"—nothing farther transpired till he came to the station-house. when the sergeant on duty told him he was brought on a charge of horse stealing—he said he was innocent—I then went to fetch Mr. Ankins, and the prisoner said, "I have just parted from Mr. Ankins, and have made it. up with him, "or settled it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the sergeant here what you have said? A. I suppose he did—I am sure he used the language I have stated—in bringing him up to town, he said to me, "Your evidence did me more mischief than any thing else"—I said, "You are aware I stated nothing but the truth"—he said, "Yes, I am aware of that"—I had given evidence before the Magistrate.

Prisoner's Defence. (written.) I solemnly declare my innocence of the charge, being at home at the time the horse was lost was lost—I hope you will take into consideration that my wife is far gone in pregnancy.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor, Having borne a good character.—


Transported For Life.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.
