



1384. 




PATRICK M'CARTHY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
6th of April, 1 box, value 1d.; 5 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, 1 half-crown, and 7 shillings; the goods and monies of 



John Mahoney, from the person of 



Mary Mahoney.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY MAHONEY
. I am the wife of John Mahoney. I was out with my husband on Saturday night, the 6th of April—I do not know whether the prisoner was an acquaintance of my husband's, but I have seen him, and we met him that night—my husband and he stood talking together in the street, and seemed very glad to see each other—the prisoner said, "Come, John, we will have a pint"—they went across to the corner of Moor-lane, and had a pint of porter—they stood talking some time, and the prisoner said, "We will go and sit down somewhere"—I had not drank any thing—they then went to the Stirling Castle in London-wall—I went in with them, and sat by the side of my husband—they had a pot of porter—after some time another pot of porter was called for, and then the prisoner called for half a quartern of the best "cream of the valley," that is gin—it was brought in a pewter measure, with a small glass—it remained there some time—the prisoner called the waiter, and told him to bring him a full measure—that is, a larger glass—the waiter brought it, and the prisoner poured what was in the measure into the large glass—it remained there some time, and the prisoner in the course of conversation with my husband kept fingering and handling the glass—he told my husband that he could earn 1l. a-day, and he could lie in bed till twelve o'clock, and then turn out and earn 4s., and I said to my husband, "How hard you have worked to bring me home 28s."—the prisoner then said to me, "Here, Mrs. Mahoney, take this from me"—(holding me the glass of liquor)—I said, "No, thank you"—he held it up, and said, "This is a glass of good gin"—I refused it again, and my husband said to me, "It is cold, Mary, take it, it won't hurt you"—I took a little of it first, and then I finished it—in five minutes I felt my right hand drop down, and then my other hand, and I felt no support in my legs—my head fell back, and the gas-lights appeared to be blue and green—I could not tell any more—I fell back on my husband, and felt no more till I felt them putting me into a cab—(I remember hearing one word said about smuggling)—I was forced into a cab, and I remember somebody was sitting by my side in

the cab—I felt a hand at my right hand pocket—I thought it was my husband—it was a very rough hand, and I said' "John, don't handle my pocket, I feel so ill"—I had in my pocket five sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, one half-crown, and seven shillings—I had 5l. 10s. of my daughter's to save up, but I had taken sixpence of it at twelve o'clock to get dinner for my husband—the other money was my husband's wages—when I got home I was alone—the cab stopped very soon after the rough handling of my pocket, and the person who had been with me, was gone—when I got home I had no money to pay the cab, it was all gone, and my lodger paid for it.

COURT. Q. Had the prisoner had any conversation with your husband or you, so as to know that you had any money in your pocket? A. No more than my acknowledging that I had my husband's wages.

Cross-examined by
MR. LORD. Q. What time did you go out? A. At ten o'clock, after supper—we intended to go to the Borough-market, but we went no further than Fore-street—I saw my husband speak to the prisoner once before that night-my husband gets his living by hard work as an iron-moulder—I do not know how the prisoner gets his living—our meeting that night was Quite by accident—I had never been in the gin-shop at the corner of Moor-lane, before—I had nothing there, but they had a pint of porter, no more—I had had nothing to drink that evening before I went out, but my tea.

Q. You say the prisoner kept fingering over the glass, did he put any thing into it? A. I had no suspicion of it then, but I am now well aware there must have been something put into it—I often take a glass of spirits, but I had not taken any that day till then—I cannot tell how long we remained at the Stirling Castle—we went there about eleven o'clock—we had not been an hour at the other public-house, we had stopped talking in the street some time—I am well aware I had my money when we went to the Stirling Castle—I do not know who called the cab.






JOHN MAHONEY
. I am the witness's husband. I went out with her—we were going to the Borough—I met the prisoner in Fore-street, Cripplegate—we went to the corner of Moor-lane, and had a pint of after that to the Stirling Castle, in London-wall—we remained there till about twelve o'clock—we had one pot of beer first—the Prisoner called for some "cream of the valley," which was brought in a pewter measure, and a small glass which would contain half of it—after some time there was a large glass called for which would hold all the gin, and the Prisoner poured the—"cream of the valley" into the glass himself—it stood for a considerable time, while we were talking, right before him—I did not take notice whether his hand was near it, but the glass was near enough to him—after some time he asked my wife to drink it—she said would not—I invited her to do it again, and she did—after she drank it, she seemed motionless directly, and got sick in her stomach—I fetched a cab myself—the prisoner got into the cab first, and helped my wife in—I was then trying to get in, and the cab-man would not let me get in—I told the man to drive to my own place, and he drove off directly—when I got home my wife was a good deal better than when I put her into the cab—I did not know that she had any money of my daughter's to take care of—I never saw her so before after taking a glass of spirits.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did you go out? A. About ten o'clock—I had some gin at home—my wife did not take any, nor any porter—I had some gin at home-my wife did not take any, nor any porter—we

went first to the corner of Moor-lane—I do not know the name of the house—I may have been there before, once or twice—the prisoner and my wife went in with me, and there were a good many people there—we had one pint of porter there—there was no spirits drank by any of us—I cannot tell how long we staid there, nor at what time we got to the Stirling Castle, but we left about twelve o'clock, because they were shutting up—I think between him and me we had about three pots of beer at the Stirling Castle—my, wife was with us, but there were only ourselves where we sat—I never was in there in my life before—the prisoner did not take any "cream of the valley" himself to my knowledge—my wife took the whole—she then lost the use of all her limbs.





WILLIAM DYER
. I am waiter at the Stirling Castle. On the Saturday night in Question, Mrs. Mahoney and her husband were there—the prisoner ordered the "cream of the valley," and I took it him in a pewter measure, with a small glass—after some time he called for a half-quartern glass—I took it to him—I saw him pour the gin out into it, and it stood by his side—I saw him give it to Mrs. Mahoney—she drank it in two drinks—in five or ten minutes after she was taken very ill—I did not see her leave, but the prisoner gave me a bundle when be left, and said, "Take care of this bundle, I will call for it in the morning"—he never called for it.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you opened the bundle? No, I believe there are straps in it—I could see them through the handkerchief—when they were at our house they had two pots of beer and a screw of tobacco—they had no other spirits of any kind.





PATRICK HICKEY
. I live in the same house with Mr. and Mrs. Mahoney—I remember Mrs. Mahoney coming home on that Saturday night, about twelve o'clock—she was stupid, helpless, and drunk-like—I had never seen her in that state before—she is generally a sober Quiet woman—I took her out of the cab and into the house, and paid for the cab for her, as she had no money.

COURT. Q. What did Mrs. Mahoney say? A. She had her hand in her pocket, and she said all her money was gone and her child's money—she could neither stand nor move.





ELLEN DONOVAN
. I am the prosecutor's daughter—I had saved up 5l. 10s., and gave it to my mother to keep for me.





WILLIAM HUGHES
. I am a cab-man. I took Mrs. Mahoney from the corner of London-wall to Whitecross-street—there was a man with her in the cab, and her husband, as I have been given to understand, wanted to get in—I said I would carry more than two if they would pay me, and he said, "Then I will walk"—I do not know who the man was who was in the cab, but he went to the corner of Castle-court, and then got out—the husband had told me where to drive to—Mrs. Mahoney was in a state of exhaustion, and when the man left her he said, "This is the fruits of coming home with another man's wife—I do not know the house, now I will go and look for the husband," and away he went.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know who called the cab? A. No, I was paid by Mr. Hickey, the lodger—my fare was 8d.—I said I would take more if they would give me 1s.—Mr. Hickey gave me 1s. after waiting a Quarter of an hour—I was told to drive to Castle-court, White-cross-street, but no number was given—I stopped at the end of Castle-court two or three minutes—I then called the policeman (as the man did not return) to know what I should do with the woman, and he went

up the court—Mr. Hickey came and took the woman—the policeman said he thought I ought to have a shilling.





SAMUEL EDGE
 (City police-constable, No. 264.) I took the prisoner at the White Hart public-house, Bishopsgate-street, on the Sunday evening, at nine o'clock—I said, "I want you"—he said, "I did not take the woman's money"—I had not said any thing to him about money—this bundle was given to me at the station-house—it contains straps.

Cross-examined. Q. How did you know the prisoner was at the White Hart? A. The prosecutor told me where he was—he stood at the door and pointed him out.

COURT
to
JOHN MAHONEY. Q. Do you know where the prisoner lives? A. Yes, and I sent a messenger to him—he came out and said, "I will make all right what happened on Saturday night"—I was informed he lived in Still-alley—I went in the evening with the officer to the White Hart.
(George Gilbert, of Green Arbour-court, Old Bailey; Thomas Riley, a mechanic, of Baldwin's-gardens; Ann Russell; Ann Field, of Still-alley; John M'Nolly, of Cock-hill, a journeyman cheesemonger; and Ann Morris, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.
