



921. 




WILLIAM PARKER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
13th of February, 4 jackets, value 8s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 1s. 6d.; and 1 waistcoat, value 6d.; the goods of 



Ann Smith: and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ANN SMITH
. I am a widow, and live in Union-street, Middlesex Hospital. I deal in second-hand clothes. On Monday, the 13th of February, I missed these articles and some other things, which have not been found, from my store-room, at the back of my shop.





ROBERT REED
. I am sixteen years old, and am in the service of Mr. Dallimore, of Great Titchfield-street, Oxford-street. On Monday, the 16th of February, I was passing the prosecutrix's shop, and saw the prisoner with two other boys—the prisoner was looking round the corner of the shop—I saw him crawl in on his hands and knees, and then he came out with a bundle of clothes on his shoulder—he was crawling till he came to the door—he then took them off his shoulder, and put them into his apron—I followed them till I met a policeman, whom I told he had stolen some clothes—the prisoner and his companions ran away, but the policeman caught him—I saw him throw away one jacket and one pair of trowsers, which I took to Mrs. Smith's.

Prisoner. He stated at Bow-street that I did not crawl on my hands

and knees, but that another one did, and that the other boy stole the things—(the witness's deposition being read, agreed with his evidence.)

Prisoner. Q. You came up to me, and took the clothes out of my apron, and said I was to give you half of it? Witness. No, I did not.





WILLIAM FIELD
 (police-constable F 128.) Reed pointed the prisoner out to me, and I pursued him—directly he saw me following him, he threw down these, and ran away.

Prisoners Defence. It was not me that took them—it was another boy, who crawled in and took them.





JAMBS GARDNER
 (police-constable E 84.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at his trial, and know he is the boy—(read).




GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.
