






495. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of January
, 1 pair of boots, value 6s., and two pairs of shoes, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Baldwin
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MINTON
               



            . I live in York-place, Islington. On the4th of January I was passing Mr. Baldwin's shop, between five and six o'clock, and saw the prisoners talking to each other - I passed on, and as I returned I saw Roberts in the shop, near the counter; Williams was beckoning him out- he came out with two pairs of shoes and a pair of boots; I followed him; he threw them down; I took him back to the shop, and heard him beg the gentleman's pardon - Williams made his escape at that time, but when we went to Hatton-garden he followed us from the watch-house; I went out, and took him - I suppose he had followed us a mile.


                  THOMAS 
                  LAYLER
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Minton. I was opposite Mr. Baldwin's - a person took up the boots and shoes, and gave them to me; I took them to the shop, and then to the watch-house.


                  THOMAS 
                  MEADOWS
               



            . I am a Policeman. Roberts was brought to the watch-house, with these boots and shoes - Williams followed to the office, and was taken.
JAMES BALDWIN. I keep the shop in Upper-street


. I was in my room, behind the shop, and saw a boy run out; I went to the door, and pursued another boy

, who got away - when I got back these boots and shoes had been brought back; they are mine, and were safe in the window, before I saw the boy in the shop.
Robert's Defence. I know nothing of them.
Williams' Defence. I saw the prisoner going to the office, and followed.
ROBERTS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WILLIAMS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
