




1706. 




ANN WILSON
 and 




ANN ROWLAND
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
21st of June, 1 ring, value 30s., the goods of 




Thomas Emmett; and the Rowland had been before convicted of felony.






BENJAMIN BULLEN
. I am shopman to Mr. Thomas Emmett, a jeweller on Holborn-hill. On some day in June—I cannot say the day—the two

prisoner came together, about ten or eleven o'clock in the morning—they wanted some diamond rings—I showed them a ring in imitation of a diamond with one stone—they said that was not the description they wanted—they wanted one with several stones in it—I then took one tray with twenty-four rings in it from the window—they were not diamonds but pearls and other rings—they looked at them—there was one they said they thought would suit them, but it was not for them but friend—I had counted the rings before—they then selected this one and said they would leave a deposit for it—I said what would they leave—they said 6d.—they searched their pockets and said they had no more than 4d—I said, "That will do—I will give you a memorandum of the 4d. "—I went to the upper end of the shop to write it—I called the proprietor, and he came—I then went and counted the rings—there was one missing—I sent for a policeman, and while he was searching them the ring fell on the door—I saw it under Wilson's feet—this is the ring.





THOMAS EMMETT
. I was at home, and Bullen called me—I got between the prisoners and the door, and stopped them from going out—they attempted to go out—the ring fell (I think from Wilson)on the floor—we sent for a policeman and had them taken—this is the ring.





JOHN BANNISTER
. I was at the shop—I saw a gentleman come into the shop at the time, and saw the prisoners pass a ring from one to another before the policeman came in, but when he came in they had each one in their hands—I saw Rowland put her ring back but not Wilson—they then said they would leave a deposit.





THOMAS FENN
 (City police-constable No. 12.)I was sent for—I saw a ring fall from Wilson, or her sleeve—it came from her person somewhere—I picked it up, and have had it ever since.





JOHN ANDREWS
 (City police-constable No. 5.)I got this certificate of Rowland's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office (read)—she was tried by the name of Mary Ann Evans.

WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18—


Transported for Seven Years.

ROWLAND—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
