



1022. 




CHARLES HAMMOND
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
14th of February, 2 coats, value 7l.; 1 desk, value 1l.; 3 tablecloths, value 10s.; 1 cloak, value 2l.; 12 yards of stained paper, value 3s.; 1 frock, value 4s.; 2 frock bodies, value 1s.; 1 cap, value 1s. 6d.; and 15 yards of ribbon, value 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



William Hennes Rayner, his master.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM HENNES RAYNER, ESQ
. I live in Beaufort-terrace, King's-road, Chelsea. Some months ago Mrs. Rayner was taken ill, and I went into the country—I returned eight or ten weeks ago, I think, in December—my cottage in Beaufort-terrace was undergoing repair, and I took another the while, and let the prisoner and his wife live in my cottage in Beaufort-terrace, to take care of it, from the good character I received of him—I had a wardrobe there, which had tome keys in it—it had some brass trellis-work in front of it—on the 14th of February I missed those keys from that wardrobe, and was obliged to employ a man to break open some closets—I then missed from the closets two coats, four ox five waistcoats, a desk of Mrs. Rayner's, three tablecloths, a cloak, and other articles, among which was some stained paper—I think I had from thirty to forty pieces of stained paper there, and there were not more than eight or nine left—I spoke to the prisoner about it, and told him to quit the house, in consequence of my suspicion—I cannot say that I explained to him the articles I had lost, but I went to the station-house, and explained it to the Inspector—the policemen came to the house with me just as two of the prisoner's boxes were in the act of being wheeled away in a barrow—the policemen insisted that they should be brought back, and they were examined in presence of the officer, myself, and Mrs. Rayner—some few things were found in them, but at the bottom of one of them was found a roll of paper measuring twelve yards, which corresponds exactly with the thirty or forty which I had had in the closet in my chamber—the value of all I lost was more than 12l. or 13l.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Perhaps much more? A. I should say from 30l. to 40l.—the prisoner had been in my house from eight to ten weeks—he had no wages—he was to have the benefit of living there free of rent and taxes—I had eight or ten workmen there, as bricklayers, carpenters, and plasterers, but I have no reason to suspect any of them—I told the prisoner to leave my house before I went to the station-house—it was his wife to whom I gave the first intimation, as I

imagined the prisoner was at his work, and she went to give the intimation to him—I cannot say whether she was present when the policemen came.





AMELIA RAYNER
. I am the prosecutor's wife. On the 14th of february the wardrobe and closet were searched, and these things missed—I was present at the search of the prisoner's box—there was a child's long frock, a child's cap, and fifteen yards of ribbon, in it, which I can swear to (they had been locked in the bottom drawer of the wardrobe,) and some other things, which I believe are mine—I saw this piece of paper found in the prisoner's box—he stood over the box, with a smile on his countenance—I pointed out the articles I would swear to—I cannot say that I recollect what remark the prisoner made—the coats, and other articles of more value, have never been found—these things were all kept in the drawer of the wardrobe, and the closet—the keys were in the top of the wardrobe, with the trellis-work before them.





JAMES SHEPHERD
. I am an Inspector of the B division of police. I went to Beaufort-terrace on the 14th of February—the prisoner was about to leave the house, with the boxes on a barrow—I sent the sergeant to bring them back, and they were examined—I produce the articles that were found in one of the boxes, and claimed by Mrs. Rayner—the prisoner said the caps belonged to his little girl—here is the stained paper.





HENRY KIMBER
 (police-constable V 29.) I was present at the examination of the prisoner's box—this paper was at the bottom of it—I asked the prisoner if it was his—he said yes, it was; he had had it some time before he came to the house, and it was given him by some man—I asked him at the station-house, "Is that your paper?"—he said no, he did not know that it was; it might belong to Mr. Rayner.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
