





561. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     RICHARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of January
, 3 candlesticks, value 4s.; 1 gown, value 5s., 1 apron, value 3d.; 1 pair of pinchers, value 3d.; the goods of 
                     

                                 Phoebe 
                                 Tripp
                              







                  ; and 1 fixture, i.e., a copper, value 30s., the goods of the said Phoebe Tripp
            ; against the Statute, &c.


                  MARTHA 
                  TRIPP
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  Phoebe 
                  Tripp
               



            ; she is a widow
, and lives at Holloway


. This copper was taken from her out-house, where it had been fixed; the candlestick, apron, and gown were in the same place - they were all safe the night before, and were missing the next morning; they had taken a pane of glass out of the out-house or wash-house window - a man could get through there; the window would not lift up - I know this gown, apron, candlestick, and copper.


                  ALFRED 
                  HARRIS
               



            , (Police-constable N 100). On the 29th January I met the prisoner at half-past nine o'clock in the morning, in Upper Holloway, carrying this copper on his shoulder - as I was coming down the road he saw me, and tried to get round a hay-cart; I asked him what he had got, and where he was going - he said he had got a copper, and he was going to get some pin-holes made in it, but he did not care where, as he was going to pay for it; these candlesticks he said he meant to get exchanged for steel ones - I then asked him what was in the bundle under his arm; he said some things he was going to get mangled for his wife; I found these pinchers on him, which he said he had used to take out nails - he said he lived at Finchley, and had done so for eight years, but there was no mangler there, and he was going to take the things to Islington, to get them done.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
