




2588. 




HENRY DAY
 and 




ALFRED BEARD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
27th of August, 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 



John Robinson, from his person.






JOHN ROBINSON
. I live in James-grove, Old Kent-road. On the afternoon of the 27th of August, I was in Parliament-street—a policeman produced my handkerchief to me, which was safe a minute or a minute and a half before in my pocket—Day was close to my back—the policeman was in the act of taking the handkerchief from him when saw it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PATNE. Q. What are yon? A. A gentleman, and live in Essex, but I was visiting some friends—I was going on business into Bond-street, and was looking at the Queen as she was passing.





WILLIAM PACK
 (police-constable B 71.) On the afternoon of the 27th

of August, I saw the prisoners together, near, the House of Lords' door—I noticed Beard put a handkerchief into his breast-pocket, and somebody behind said, "There they are on it"—in consequence of that I followed them to Parliament-street—they spoke together and I saw Day try several persons' pockets—they stopped opposite Langham-street and there I saw Day stand behind the prosecutor, and he put his hand into his pocket, as the Queen's carriage passed—I seized him by the wrist, with the handkerchief in it—the prosecutor turned round and said, "That is my handkerchief"—Beard was behind him—their clothes touched each other—I was by the side, so that Beard did not conceal Day from me—he saw what Beard did—he looked at him at the time—I seized Day, and took the handkerchief from him, then turned round, and seized hold of Beard—he resisted, and the constables who were in uniform passed through the crowd and took him—I took the handkerchief from him, which I bad seen him put into his breast-pocket.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you find this handkerchief? A. In his hat—Beard was quite close to Day, and was looking over his shoulder.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. You saw Day put his hand into Mr. Robinson's pocket? A. Yes, I laid hold of him after he took the handkerchief out, not while it was in the pocket—be had got it out before I seized him.





ROBERT OVENDON
 (police-constable L 90.) On the afternoon of the 27th of August I was in company with two constables—my attention was called to both the prisoners—I saw them make several attempts at different people's pockets—I saw Day lift a gentleman's coat up with one hand, the gentleman shifted it, looked round, and moved off—they went farther, towards the House of Lords—I saw Beard there put his hand down a lady's dress—I told another constable to watch them.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw nothing of this transaction? A. No, there were three of us watching them.
(Henry Hill, carpenter, Red-cross-square and John Keene, Church-row, St. Pancras, deposed to Beard's previous good character and Thomas Kerrington, Wells-street, Oxford-street, and John Fletcher, of the Audit-office, deposed to that of Day.)

DAY—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Six Months.

BEARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.*
