



1678. 




ALEXANDER CLARK
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Alexander Jamieson, on the 
21st of June, at 
St. Dunstan's Stebonheath, otherwise Stepney, and stealing therein 1 table-cover, value 20s.; 1 shawl, value 20s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 16s.; 1 spoon, value 4s.; 2 coats, value 30s.; 2 pair of trowsers, value 24s.; 1 belt, value 1s.; 2 shilling, and 9 pence; the goods and monies of the said 



Alexander Jamieson.






MARY JAMIESON
. I am the wife of Alexander Jamieson—we live in Patterson-street, in the parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney. Between four and five o'clock in the morning of the 21st of June, I was alarmed by Sullivan—I went into my parlour—I had seen the parlour window fastened the night before—I found a small hole made in the window, just above the catch—I missed this table-cover, this belt, and these other articles—I do not know what they are worth—they cost more than 5l.

Cross-examined by Mr. DOANE. Q. Were you the last person who went to bed the night before? A. No; the servant was—when I came down in the morning, the parlour window was open, and the policeman was standing

there—the shutters were open—this belt had been brought home by the tailor, with my children's clothes, the night before—my husband is at sea, he went Last August—I heard from him a week ago—I was married at Stepney church, nearly three years ago.





HANNAH AYRE
. I am servant to Mrs. Jameison. I shut the parlour shutters that evening—I pulled the window down, and closed the sash at a quarter past nine o'clock—a young man had brought these clothes at half-past eight o'clock, and they were placed on the sofa—I believe I was the last person up.





RICHARD HERBERT
. I was passing down Patterson-street, about four o'clock on the morning of the 21st of June, and saw two men come out of the prosecutor's window—they made away for the fields, as fast as possible—I should not know either of them.





HENRY M'FUNN
. I am assistant to Mr. Freeman, a tailor. I took these two suits of boys' clothes to Mrs. Jameison's that evening, and left them; this belt was with them—the clothes were worth 3l. 5s.





DANIEL SULLIVAN
 (police-constable K 171. I saw Herbert that morning—he gave me information, and ran after two persons whom I saw running—I saw them first by an unfinished house, sixty or seventy yards from Mrs. Jamieson's—I followed them a considerable distance, into the Mile-end-road, till a man stopped the prisoner, who was one of them—I found on him this belt, and this chisel—I compared this chisel with the marks on the prosecutrix's shutter—there was a slight mark on the shutter, which corresponded with this chisel—I cannot say it was opened by this.

Cross-examined. Q. There are a great many chisels alike? A. Yes; the man who was with the prisoner got away.





THOMAS SMITHERS
 (police-constable K 101.) I went to the empty house in the fields, near which Sullivan saw the prisoner, and the other man; I found there, these two suits of children's clothese, and this shawl.





RICHARD HANNANT
. I produce a table-cover, which I found in another empty house close by.

Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent—I was merely lying down in the field.
(Charles Missent, a baker, of Crucifix-lane, Bermondsey, and James Mann, and William Bouvier, in the employ of Mr. Wiggins, a hop merchant, gave the prisoner an excellent character.)




GUILTY of stealing under the value of 5l. Aged 23.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.
—


Transported for Seven Years.
