





950. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PHYPPERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of February
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-chain, value 1s.; 2 seals, value 1s., and 1 watch-key, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Steward
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
CHARLES STEWARD. I was coachman
 to Mr. Braham. On the 22nd of February I was in Holborn, about one o'clock in the morning - I had been to the theatre, and was in liquor, but I knew what I was about; I meant to go to Brompton, where I lived, but got out of my way-I saw the prisoner walking alongside of me; he spoke to me - I cannot tell what words he used, but I believe he asked where I was going, and when we got near to Gray's Inn


, I found his hand on my watch-fob; a struggle ensued, but he got from me, and ran off with my watch and seals - I called Stop thief! but pursued, and took him myself; I took hold of his collar with one hand, and took the watch from him with the other.
Prisoner. Q. You say you took the watch out of my hand? A. Yes, I did.


                  CHARLES 
                  WILDING
               



            , (Police-constable E 125.) I was coming down towards Gray's Inn-gate, and saw the two men struggling; the prisoner got from the prosecutor- I followed, and came up just as the prosecutor had got the prisoner's collar by one hand, and the watch in the other; he appeared the worse for liquor, but he could run as well as I could.

The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he had met the prosecutor in a state of intoxication, and was showing him the way to Long-acre, by his desire - that several persons had run against him on the road, but that he (the prisoner) had not taken the watch.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
