




1583. 




GEORGE POLLOCK
 and 




WILLIAM EMERSON
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Christian Pfestarar, on the 
14th of May, at 
St. Botolph-without-Aldgate, and stealing therein 1 coat, value 2l.; 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; 2 watches, value 3l.; 1 watch-chain, value 1s. 6d.; 2 seals, value 3s.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 6d.; 2 watch-keys, value 6d.; 1 watch-guard, value 1s.; and 1 piece of foreign silver coin, called a thaler, value 2s. 6d., the goods and monies of the said 



Christian Pfestarar.






CHRISTIAN PFESTARAR
. I live in Harrow-alley, High-street, Aldgate.

I left my house at six o'clock on the morning of the 14th of May, all safe, and locked the doors—my bed-room door was locked with a padlock—the things in the indictment were all safe—one watch hung over the bedstead—when I returned, about seven o'clock the same morning, the front-door and the back window were open, and the officers had got the thieves—this is my property—(looking at it.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What countryman ate you? A. A German—I locked the front-door, and took the key with me—I fastened the back-door.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Have you no other Christian, name? A. No—my name is spelt Pfesterer.





WILLIAM HENRY WOLLIN
. I am a policeman. About half-past six o'clock in the morning I received information, and went to the prosecutor's house, which is in the parish of St. Botolph-without-Aldgate, and Prentis knocked at the front-door—Snow staid there—I went round to the backdoor, waited a minute or two, and thought I heard somebody coming down stairs—I looked through the key-hole, and saw the two prisoners—I immediately burst the door open—they made their escape through the house, shutting the front-door after them—I opened it, and found Emerson in the custody of Snow—I pursued Pollock, and found him at the bottom of Harrow-alley, in custody of Prentis—I took him towwrds the station-house, and at the corner of Castle-street Pollock knocked my hat off, and escaped front me—I immediately pursued him into Petticoat-lane, and when I got within one or two yards of him he dropped a bag, containing four skeleton keys—I took him to the station-house, and found a chisel in hit pocket—I afterwards returned to the house—the prosecutor opened the door—I found a bundle in the passage, containing this handkerchief and coat—I found the bed and bed-clothes strewed about in all directions—I found a lock which had been forced.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where did you take Pollock? A. In Petticoat-lane—I was not two yards from him when he dropped the bag—I did not know him before, but I knew Emerson—the bag was picked up in my presence, and given to me by a person who is not here—I found no property on Pollock.

Cross-examined by Mr. DOANE. Q. What lock was broken? A. The padlock of the bed-room door—there were three dogs in the house, a small Newfoundland puppy, and the others mongrels, no house dog—they could have got into the bed-room if the door was open—they were loose, and in the house.





STAWELL GEORGE SNOW
. I am a policeman. I went in with Wollen—I have heard his statement, and have nothing to add to it—I took Emerson, and found two watches on him, and two skeleton keys.





THOMAS PRENTIS
. I went with the policeman, and saw both the prisoners burst out at the front-door—Snow collared Emerson, I ran after Pollock—a man stopped him sixty or seventy yards off—I overtook him, and Wollen took charge of him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What are you? A. A porter at the Bull and Mouth—the man who stopped him held him till the officer came up.
(Property produced, and sworn to.)
(Lewis Nathan, general dealer, Sandys-row, Bishopsgate; Henry Marks, silver refiner, Sandys-row; Robert May, milkman, Quaker-street, Spital

fields;—Mander, Sale-court, Bethnal-green, gave Pollock a good character.)

POLLOCK—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.

EMERSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.




Transported for Ten Years.
