





292. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BALAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, 2 beds, value 4l.; 2 bolsters, value 10s.; 2 pillows, value 10s.; 1 blanket, value 1s. 6d.; 1 quilt, value 1s. 6d.; 2 pair of sheets, value 4s.; 1 table, value 6s.; 2 chairs, value 2s.; 1 fender, value 1s.; 1 set of fire-irons, value 3s.; 1 tea-kettle, value 1s.; 1 tea-pot, value 1s.; 1 sugar-basin, value 1s.; and 1 looking-glass, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Martha Catharine 
                  Townsene
               




            .


                  MARTHA 
                  CATHARINE TOWNSENE
               



            . I am a widow
 - I let a furnished room, in St. Pancras


, to the prisoner and his wife, in May last, for 4s. a week - they paid me at first, and then asked if I could let the rent go until he received his money from Somerset-house - they left me without notice, and about 4l. in my debt - I have not found any of my property, but the duplicate of a picture which was pawned for 4d. - I lent his wife a fur-tippet on Christmas-eve, and on Christmas-morning I went into their room and they were gone - on the Friday after, I saw the prisoner at the work-house - I charged him with the robbery - he said he knew it; and he said he had sent his wife into the country with the duplicates; but I have never got them.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not tell my wife to pawn some of them, and say it would be of no consequence if they were restored? A. No; I once lent her an article to pawn to get her gown out.


                  EDWARD 
                  LODGE
               



             (police-constable S 64). I took the prisoner, on the 27th of December - in the way to the station-house, I said, "Have you any duplicates about you?" - he said, "No; I have sent my wife eighty miles into the country to keep her out of trouble."
Prisoner's Defence. When Mrs. Townsene asked my wife for money on Christmas-eve, my wife told me to step out, and she would tell me how we were circumstanced - when we got out she would have gone down on her knees to me, and told me of it - she said, "Mrs. Townsene does not know of the greater part of these things being pawned; you had better not go home; and on Saturday we shall have money, and we will get them" - I said I would keep up if I could; but being ill, I could not go far - I then took off my shirt, and got 1s. for it to get a lodging - my wife promised to see me the next day, but she has deserted me, though I would have laid down my life for her - I then went to the workhouse, where I was taken by the officer.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 66. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
