





1880. 
               
                  
                     DOROTHY 
                     CLAYTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of October
, 1 purse, value 6d.; 7 shillings and 4 sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Gordon
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
EDWARD GORDON. I am in no profession. On the 19th of October I met the prisoner, and was foolish enough to go down a dark passage with her - I was a little elevated in liquor; I did not change the state of my dress in any way - I only talked with her - when I put my hand into my pocket to give her a trifle, to get rid of her, I missed my purse; I took her hand, and said I should give her to a Policeman - she threw herself down, but finding I was resolute she gave herself up; the purse was afterwards found on the spot where she had been, and I then recollected I had seen her throw something behind her; this was near two o'clock in the morning - the purse had been in my trousers' pocket.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WEBSTER JONES
               



            . I am a Policeman. The prosecutor applied to me, and I took the prisoner in Knightsbridge, at a quarter-past two o'clock in the morning: I found six shillings and six sixpences in her hand - she said to another woman, "Go and find the purse;" I took the other woman that she should not go - the prisoner did not say any thing to me about the purse; I went and found it in the place the prosecutor had described - he said he had 9s. or 10s.; I had the money then, but did not know what there was of it - this is the purse - the prosecutor might have been drinking, but did not appear any way in liquor.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that the prosecutor had given the contents of his purse to her, saying that it was not much, and afterwards wanted it back, as she would not allow him to take indecent liberties with her.
EDWARD GORDON. I am quite sure I did not give her the money; I did put my hand to my pocket to give her a trifle, as I had been foolish enough to talk to her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
