





717. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     QUINLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of January
, 4 flutes, value 4l., and 1 violin, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Welch
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WELCH
               



            . I live in Steward's-grove, Chelsea. I had this property for sale at the late Argyll-rooms


; the prisoner had been in my employ as porter
 about a year and a half - I missed some property, and sent for the officer; I charged the prisoner with stealing some articles, and had a confession from him; the duplicates were found by the officer, in his breeches pocket.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer, and was sent for by the prosecutor on the 5th of February; he accused the prisoner of taking twenty-four music-plates and a flute - the prisoner gave up a great many duplicates; some of the articles are here produced - the others were given up before the Magistrate; he denied the charge at first.


                  PETER 
                  TURNBULL TATE
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Bartram, a pawnbroker, of Princes-street, Soho. I have four flutes, pawned at different times, I believe by the prisoner, but the two last I am positive he pawned - these are the duplicates which were given for them, in the name of John Quinlan.


                  JOHN 
                  WILCOX
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, in Long-acre. I have a violin, which I believe was pawned by the prisoner - this is the duplicate given for it, on the 16th of January - I lent 12s. on it.
MR. WELCH. This violin is mine; I should think it worth 4l. - it is not of great repute: the prisoner had access to these instruments, as my servant - these flutes are mine; they are worth from six to eight guineas each - here are four of them; his salary was 12s. a week, from eight o'clock in the morning till six in the evening. I never promised him any thing to confess; I did say he might be a respectable old man, and advised him for his good.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
