





2024. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of September
, 16 brass castors, value 7s., and 1 bell-pull, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Hawkins
                  




               
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am a furnishing ironmonger
. These are my property, and were safe when my house was on fire. (See No. 2020. page 887.)


                  CORNELIUS 
                  CARLE
               



            . On the 17th of September I made my way into the prosecutor's shop to clear the shop of strangers, as the firemen could not work their engines - I saw the prisoner, and asked who he was; he said he belonged to the firm - I asked his name; he said that was nothing to me - I asked the names of the persons who resided there - he said that was nothing to me; I took him to the station with a brother officer, and found these things upon him.
Prisoner. Q. Was I perfectly sober? A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAKER ASHTON
               



            . I was on duty, and assisted the witness to take the prisoner - I found these pulls about the prisoner, two of them in his watch-pocket, and the rest in his hat and his other pockets.
Prisoner. Q. Was I not so drunk that you required another man to take me to the station? A. He was as sober as I am - we required another man, because the crowd was so great, and we knew he had these things about him, and they would have been thrown away.
MR. HAWKINS. These are my property, and were on a shelf behind my counter - the prisoner was not my partner - I had never seen him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
