





768. 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     McCARTHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of February
, 2 watches, value 5l.; 2 seals, value 10s.; 1 watch-key, value 1d.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 10s.; 5 spoons, value 28s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; 1 pair of spectacles, value 5s.; 1 pair of bracelets, value 4s.; 1 silver mounted cork, value 2s.; - oz. of silver, value 3s., and 20 pieces of silver coin, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Brown
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
ANN EVANS. I live with Mr. Brown, on Dowgate-hill


. On the 20th of February I was in the kitchen, and heard a noise in the sleeping-room, which is one pair of stairs higher than I was then, which is one pair from the street - I paused a little while, and then went up stairs; I looked into the sleeping-room, but saw no one - I then went into my master's bed-room, and as I was coming out I saw the prisoner standing behind the door; I knew him well, as he had been taken into the house by my master out of compassion - I asked him what he did there; he said he had made a mistake - I called up my master, who found the property stated.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KEITH
               



            . I am an artist. I was then residing at Mr. Brown's for a few weeks, he keeps the Three Crowns, Dowgate-hill
. On the evening in question I followed Mr. Brown up stairs, and when I got up I saw Mr. Brown pull the articles stated from between the bed and the mattress; he placed them on the table, and said to the prisoner, "You have robbed me of my spoons;" the prisoner said, "No, I have not;" there was nothing found on the prisoner, but Mr. Brown saw him putting the property under the bed - the prisoner afterwards said he had been put up to it by the pot-boy, and he took them; they were both taken to the station.


                  ISAAC 
                  BROWN
               



            . This is my property; I cannot say the value of it, it is perhaps 8l. or 9l. - it is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. John the Baptist.
Prisoner. The pot-boy led me into it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
