



3433. 




JOHN PORTER
 was indicted

for obtaining, goods by false pretences.






WILLIAM BULLMORE
. I reside in Bedford-street, and have one partner—I am a gold and silver-lace manufacturer. The prisoner came to our ware-house before the 19th of September and wrote a note, stating, that if the executors of Mr. Nash would apply to Mr. Williams, an attorney at Lincoln, they would obtain a settlement of their accounts—(Mr. Nash had formerly lived where I do)—he came again, and I asked how business was at Lincoln—he asked how business was at London—he said, as regarding himself, he was rather busy—that he did the greatest part of the names as a draper—he did the most respectable business, being the most respectably connected—and said, he wondered we did not travel there—I said, we had done so—he said he dealt where he pleased, and I asked him if he would be disposed to deal with us—he said he did not know, he did not think it would answer his purpose—he accordingly went away—he stated he was dealing with other houses, and had no wish to change—on the 19th of September he made his appearance again, at about seven o'clock in the evening, and stated he had orders on his memorandum-book, for gold and silver lace, to supply Sir John Byng with laces to appear at Doncaster races, and he must have it—his manner was rather hasty—we endeavoured to put him of, saying we had not got the right patterns—which we had not—he said he must have the nearest we had to them—and he required us to be hasty about them, as it was near mail time; and if he did not and them that evening, it would be of no use—he accordingly chose some other patterns, which he said he thought would do very well—when they were ready, he said, "I shall now sleep comfortably, as I am certain I can got them off by the mail"—he said he had not got the whole of Sir John's custom, but he had no doubt he had no doubt he should get it all—we let him have seven hat-bands, and four yards and a half of silver-gilt vellum, believing he was in business in Lincoln—we then came to speak about the payment—he had said not a word about that—he said, "I have very little time to get these off, but I think I shall, and I shall call in a day or two, as I have other memorandums, and you will see what you can do with them"—we let him go—and, in consequence of my saying I wondered it this was all true, my assistant left the shop to go after him—the prisoner came again a few days afterwards, and agreed to take more lace, and said he

would pay for that with the others—he then wanted to put us off with a bill of exchange, which I would not take—I gave him in charge.

Prisoner. Q. Was that the first transaction I had with you? A. No—I believe you had two small parcels, which you are not indicted for





THOMAS PELL ATKINSON
. I am assistant to the prosecutor. I saw the prisoner when he came for these things in the evening, and our suspicious being excited, I followed himhe wandered up and down Soho for nearly an hour—he went into one or two public-houses and a coffee-shop—I followed him till I was satisfied it was too late for him to send by the Lincols mail—I then left him, as we understood he was to call in a day or two.





GEORGE WINDER
. I am shopman to Mr. Baxter, a pawnbroker, I produce some silver lace, which was pledged by the prisoner-three of these bands were pledged by him on the 19th of September.





ROBERT BIRD
. I am a pawnbroker in Long-acre. I produce a silver lace band and some gold lace, which I took in from a women of the name of Ann Somers, on the 20th of September—I gave a duplicate of them.





WILLIAM BULLMORE

re-examined. I can identify part of this lace, as what the prisoner said Sir John Byng required, and I believe this other to be what he had.





JOHN COOTE
 (police-constable F 93.) The prisoner was given into my custody on the 21st of September—I found on him two pocket-books, one of them contained a number of duplicates, one of them is for part of this lace.





CHARLES DAVIES
. I am an ironmonger, and live in Little Queen-street. I have not been to Lincoln, but I have seen the prisoner in London is the last three months, almost every week, and sometimes two or three times a week.

Prisoner's Defence. It was a regular business transaction—I had had parcels of him before.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
