





64. 
               
                  
                     NATHAN 
                     BRYANT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of November
, 4 bushels of beans, value 15s., and 6 trusses of hay, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Marchant
               




            , his master.
MR. BALL conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM MARCHANT. I am a contractor to the East India Company
, and keep a few cows. On Thursday night, the 10th of November, at twelve o'clock, I went to see that all my premises were safe; I left in my granary two quarters of split beans, which I had taken in the day previous - I and my son watched, and a little after one o'clock, I heard a person get over the fence from the prisoner's premises; he then went to a door immediately opposite to where I laid in ambush, and lifted it off the hinges - he then went to another door, and broke it with the bolt, which he took from the first door; I had fastened it with a staple and chain - he crept through an aperturein the feather-edge boarding, and opened another door; I heard all this distinctly - he then went up the ladder to the granary door, and broke the lock off with the bolt - he left the bolt on the weighing-machine, and the lock and staple very near it; some time elapsed, and I thought the person had gone to take some more hay, as I had lost some - I went to the door he had first opened, or my son did, and we found the door closed against us, which prevented our following him that way - my son said he thought he was a long while; we looked and saw a man going across the lair with a sack on his back - I saw him go to the foot of a ladder placed against the wall, between the prisoner's premises and mine; the prisoner's barn is there, and there is a trap-door on the parapet wall, coming into my premises - my son called out, and said, "There he is, father;" he threw down the sack, and fell down, or got down, and ran as fast as he could across my meadow - the ladder was son placed as to afford a communication with the trap-door; the sack which contained beans remained at the foot of the ladder till one of the Police-officers assisted my son to take it back to my granary - I opened the sack in about ten minutes, it contained a hundred and a half of beans, and I had my beans in the granary which the person went up and forced the door of; I looked into my granary as soon as we took the sack back, and found half a quarter of beans gone.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Do you keep cows? A. I did; I have only one now, which I keep for my own purpose - I did not take the person at first, as I wished to take him with the property; I was about ten yards from him, when he opened the second door - it was dark; I knew him, he has worked for me seven or eight months -I have no doubt that it was him, but I could not exactly see his face; I said to the best of my knowledge the prisoner was the person - he had not left my service; he kept cows, and sold milk himself - I do not know that he was about leaving me.
WILLIAM MARTIN, JUN. I am the prosecutor's son - what he has stated is correct.


                  JAMES 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I know the prisoner - I saw him on the morning of the 11th of November, between two and half-past two o'clock, crossing from the field belonging to Mr. Marchant - he crossed the East and West India-road, and went down the street to his own dwelling, in Brick-street; he went in without knocking - in about a quarter of an hour afterwards I saw him come out again, and go towards his own barn; I am quite sure it was him - I had known him before, going out with milk.
COURT. Q. Is the field you saw him come from, the same that has been described by the prosecutor? A. Yes.
Cross-examined. Q.And is not that the direct road from his barn to his own house? A. No - he has a barn adjoining the prosecutor's premises; I have seen him coming from there, but not across that field.


                  THOMAS 
                  HALL STEVENS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I searched the prisoner's house about four o'clock that morning, with an officer named Douglass: I found in the back room, under the bed, this pair of boots, which his wife tried to conceal from me - they were very wet, and had grass, which was very wet, and green on them; I tried the boots to the track leading from the back door of Mr. Marchant's barn, to the trap-door against which the ladder was standing; one of the boots is full of hob-nails and clinkers, and the inside edge of the right boot has not any - the boots exactly corresponded with the marks in the track- I believe, from my observation, that the impressions I saw were made by these boots; I did not see any impression in the grass field - I took the prisoner from the serjeant; he told me his wife had been ill for some time, and he had slept in the back room with the children.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it extraordinary for a cowkeeper to have wet boots? A. They would not have been wet if he had not been in a wet place; I did not look for any marks on the other side of the premises - I do not know that his wife was confined; she was dressed, and went with me - she asked us to wait while she put on her shoes and stockings.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BULL
               



            . I am a serjeant of the Police. I received information, and went to Mr. Marchant's premises; I received this sack of beans from the prosecutor - I went to the prisoner's barn, and found it locked; I saw a lad who generally assists the prisoner, and when I got into his barn I found five trusses of clover-hay, bound up, and one loose; I did not go to the prisoner's house - I took him in his barn; it was locked when I went to search the premises, but it was open when I took him; he had a pair of low shoes on, which appeared not to have been worn for a long time; he complained of them, and cut them.


                  THOMAS 
                  STANLEY
               



            . I am a labourer. On the 10th of November I was going for five quarters of oats; we were short of sacks, and my master borrowed half a dozen sacks of Mr. Hooper, and one of the prisoner; I had three sacks of our own - I brought the oats home, and shot out two of the sacks; the prisoner came and said, "Have you shot my sack?" I said, "What sort of a sack is yours?" he said,
"A black dirty sack;" I said, "No, I have not shot that," and I let him have this one, which is one of the half dozen belonging to Mr. Hooper.
COURT. Q.Then this is a sack you lent the prisoner? A. Yes.
Cross-examined. Q. You had half a dozen from Mr. Hooper? A. Yes; I took five of them home, and lent this to the prisoner - some of them were of softer cloth than the others; about three of them were like this one - they were double twilled sacks, and marked like this.
MR. BALL. Q.When did you take the other sacks home? A. The next day after I borrowed them; I borrowed them the day I lent one to the prisoner.
MR. MARCHANT. These beans are such as were in my granary, and they account for my deficiency, within 3 lbs. or 4 lbs.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
