





1915. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH FREDERICK 
                     SYMONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of August
, 2 gowns, value 5s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 2s.; 1 remnant of printed cotton, value 8d., and 1 pair of stockings, value 4d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Wallace
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  WALLACE
               



            . I am single
. On the 5th of August, between five and six o'clock in the morning. I went into a coffee-shop in Shoreditch


 - I had a bundle containing these articles; I get my living in service, but was out of place - I was going to my brother's at Edmonton, and stopped there to get some breakfast - the prisoner came in just after me; he was quite a stranger - I called for a cup of coffee; he sat down by me, and called for a cup of coffee; nobody else sat on that side of the room; he did not speak to me - I fell into a dose for a few minutes, and felt something drawn from behind me; I was very near the door - I turned round, and the bundle was gone, and the prisoner also; it must have been taken at that moment; I described him to an officer; and in about a week I saw James with my gown on; the prisoner was apprehended on the 9th of September - I knew him directly - he had got a mark on the left side of his cheek- I positively swear to him.
Prisoner. Q. Do you recollect between two and three o'clock in the morning sitting upon a step in Holywell-lane, and the Policeman persuading you to go home? A. That does not matter; I know I was out - I did not go to the coffee-shop with any man.
Q.Did not my mother meet you in Shoreditch, and you said you had no place to sleep, and she took you home to sleep there? A. Yes, that was after the robbery, and was a planned thing - I did not see the prisoner in the house; a young woman came after me, and said,"You have not got say home, you may as well come and sleep with me?" and I did so, for my father turned me out of doors for losing my things; he thought I had pawned them for drink, but now he knows the whole truth - I have been quite destitute by losing my things, and had but a meal a day; I did not see the prisoner at his mother's house.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVERY
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I received information, and apprehended 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Russell
               



            , who had the gown; I was looking for the prisoner for five weeks, and went to his lodging, but could not find him - I was in the habit of seeing him daily before.


                  REBECCA 
                  RUSSELL
               



            . 
               
                  Mary 
                  Jones
               



             came to our house, and said she had a gown to sell, which would suit me; my mother gave her 1s. for it.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  RUSSELL
               



            . I bought the gown of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Jones
               



             for my daughter; she sells things in the streets.


                  MARY 
                  JONES
               



            . My husband travels the country - I have known the prisoner about nine years. I bought this gown of the prisoner opposite Shoreditch church, for 9d, about five weeks before he was taken up.
Prisoner. Q. Do you recollect two or three people being round, and I told you I had just found it? A. I did not hear him say so; he asked me next day to buy a duplicate for a pair of shoes, and a gown, pawned for 5s. - he did not say who pawned them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAIGHILL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in the Hackney-road. I have a gown, a pair of shoes, and a piece of cotton, pawned by a woman, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Saunders
               



            , on the 5th of August, for 5s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARROW
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 5th of August, in the morning, the prosecutrix gave me information of the robbery; she described the prisoner by a mark on his left cheek, and gave a very clear account- I knew him before; I looked every where for him, and on the 9th of September I apprehended him at a publichouse in Clerkenwell - I said, "I want you, Symons;" he said, "What for?" I said, "For those two gowns, a pair of stockings, shoes, and a piece of print, from a young woman, in a coffee-shop;" he said, "Oh, I'll soon settle that" - I took him to the office; the girl identified him the moment she saw him - my brother officers had been looking for him night and day, but he changed his lodging.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The morning I sold the gown to the witness I had occasion to go down a court, and saw that old gown on a dunghill, and inside it was the ticket of another gown; two or three people said, "It will suit Jones;" they called her, and asked what she would give for it - she gave me 8d.; I can prove I was never away from home - the witness has been and slept in the same place as I was since.


                  JOHN 
                  SYMONS
               



            . I heard the Policeman was after my brother, and went to my mother's four days after the robbery; I there saw the prosecutrix, and asked her if she knew the young man who had robbed her - she said distinctly, "No, I do not;" she had met my mother, and stated to her that she was without a lodging - my mother took her in, and she stopped all night; my brother came in at ten o'clock, and he sat up in the room all night, not liking to go to bed - in the morning the prosecutrix had her breakfast at the same time with him; I told my mother it was strange she should come there, as she said he had robbed her - he did not leave home for three weeks after the robbery.
COURT. Q. You knew the Police were after your brother? A. Yes, and so did he; I cannot account for his keeping away - I blame him very much; I do not live at home with my mother, but he slept at home - he says so, but I do not know where he was in the day time; I have not spoken to the prosecutrix but once - I heard something about a dunghill about a week after.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
