



421. 




JOHN SIMPSON
 was indicted

 for that he, on the 
1st of November, at 
St. George, Hanover-square, feloniously did forge a certain order for the payment of 20l. 16s., with intent to defraud 



William Tayler.

2nd COUNT; for uttering, disposing of and putting off a like forged order, well knowing it to be forged, with the like intent.
2 other COUNTS, like the two former, only stating his intent to be to defraud Sir Coutts Trotter, Bart., and others.





WILLIAM TAYLER
. I keep the Feathers public-house, in Grosvenor-place. About the latter end of October, or the 1st of November, the prisoner came to my house; and on coming to the bar he said, "How do you do, Mr. Tayler?"—I looked in his face, and thought I had some recollection of his features—I invited him into the bar; he then presented me a paper, and said, "Will you do this for Mr. Dundas?"—I looked at it; it was a cheque, drawn on Coutts and Co., saying, "Pay to John Saunders, or bearer, 20l. 16s. "—it purported to be drawn by R. Dundas—I know a gentleman of the name of Dundas, in the neighbourhood, at No. 97, Eaton-square—I invited the prisoner to take a seat in my bar, saying I

had not the change myself, but I would go and get it—I went to Mr. Duhan, a grocer, in Eaton-street, who cashed it for me—I returned and gave the money to the prisoner, who went away—the cheque was brought back to me on the Friday following, by Mr. Duhan—I learnt from him that it was refused payment—I gave him the cash for it again, and received the cheque from him, and have it here—it is the same cheque—I sent my servant to Mr. Dundas's house, and found he was not in town—I wrote a letter to him, and received an answer—I saw Mr. Dundas two or three days afterwards at my house—the prisoner was brought to my house by a gentleman named Penhall, about two months afterwards—I said to him, "How could you think of coming and imposing on me, and robbing me in the manner you have done, of 20l. 16s.?—can you make any arrangement with me?" he said, "I cannot; I have nothing to offer"—he then began to state that he was out of a situation, and some conversation which I did not pay attention to—I called in a policeman and gave him in charge—when he asked me if I could do it for Mr. Dundas, he did not state Mr. Dundas's place of abode—I have done business with Mr. Dundas, of Eaton-square, which led me to suppose he meant that Mr. Dundas, and it was on that I acted—I have some knowledge of the prisoner's features, but on what occasion I ever saw him before, I cannot recollect.





HENRY JAMES PITT
. I am a policeman. The prisoner was given into my custody on Tuesday evening, the 30th of December, by Mr. Tayler, at the Feathers public-house—I asked him if he was aware of the nature of the charge—he said yes, that he had come down with Mr. Penhall to satisfy Mr. Tayler.





CHARLES DUHAN
. I live in Eaton-street. On the 1st of November, Mr. Tayler brought me a cheque for 20l. 16s., to be cashed—I advanced the money to him—I paid it away to my wholesale butter-merchant on the Tuesday following—his name is Hall, of the firm of Simpson and Hall, in Oxford-street—he wrote his banker's name on the face of it, and sent it in to his banker's, Cox; and Co., of Charing-cross, and two days afterwards he and I went together to Cox and Co.'s—the cheque was returned to Mr. Hall in my presence, by one of the clerks, and he gave a cheque of his own for it—the cheque in question was delivered to him—this is the cheque (looking at it)—I saw the witness write his banker's name across, and saw him receive it back from them.





WILLIAM TAYLER

re-examined. This is the cheque I received from the prisoner, and which I paid to Mr. Duhan.





WILLIAM HALL
. I live in Oxford-street. This is the cheque I received from Mr. Duhan—I put my banker's name across it, which is here now—I paid it into my banker's, Cox and Co., on the following morning, the 5th of November—on Friday, the 7th, I received it from them again, as being dishonoured—I gave my own cheque for it—I returned the cheque to Mr. Duhan, who returned it to Mr. Tayler.

MR. DUHAN
re-examined. After the cheque was returned to Mr. Hall, he returned it to me—I returned it to Tayler—this is the same.





WILLIAM TULLY
. I am clerk to Messrs. Cox and Biddulph, who are bankers at Charing-cross. I received this cheque on account of Mr. Simpson, with other money—it was presented at Coutts and Co.'s, but not by me—the clerk is not here who did—it was sent there on the 6th, and came back dishonoured.





ROBERT HARE
. I am clerk to Messrs. Coutts. This cheque was presented at our house, on the 6th of November, and dishonoured, the

drawer having no effects or account with our house—we have a customer named Robert Dundas, who draws on us on his own account—this is not his signature—Robert Andrew Dundas, of Eaton-square, draws by virtue of a letter of credit from the bank of Scotland—it is not his handwriting, nor the handwriting of any body who keeps cash with us, nor any body who has any right to draw on us.





JOHN PENHALL
. On the 30th of December, the prisoner went with me to Mr. Tayler's—I asked him if he was only the utterer of the cheque, or whether he was the forger as well—my motive was to screen him, as I thought, if he was only the utterer, not knowing the law—I thought the guilt not so much if he would give up the forger—I had no authority to put any questions to him—I told him he stood in a very dangerous situation if the forgery against him could be proved—I attempted to point out the difference between the forger and the utterer, supposing another person had forged it, and given it to him to pass—the only reply he made to me was, "I shall abide by the consequences"—I did not press the matter farther—I did not say it would be better for him to tell me about it.

Prisoner's Defence. I am not the forger of the draft—I leave myself entirely to your Lordship's mercy—I was not in the least aware at the time that it was a forgerys.





ROBERT HARE

re-examined. Sir Coutts Trotter, and others, constitute the firm of Coutts and Co. (Note read.)




GUILTY of uttering. Aged 45.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.
