



1043. 




CHARLOTTE CLAYTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of March, 5 sovereigns; 3 half-sovereigns; and 1 shilling; the monies of 



Peter Elisha from his person.






PETER ELISHA
. I am a straw salesman, and live in Bennetts-place, Bethnal-green. On the 14th of March I was standing at the end of Tottenham-court-road—the prisoner came to me, and I went with her a very little way, not many yards, and sat down in a chair in a room clow by where we walked—I was not there one minute before her hand was in my pocket, and she took the money out—I said (not judging that she had robbed me, but that she was about to rob me) I would leave the house—the said, "No, I did not intend to do it"—I said, "I will leave the home"—I was going out—she was near me—I charged her with it again, and the policeman heard me—he said, "If her hand was in your pocket you are robbed"—I felt, and missed the money—I had 22l. 10s.—I know what I took out, and I know what I had received—this was between eleven and twelve o'clock at night—I had been drinking—I was sober enough to know that I had got the money—I swear I went into the house with 22l. in my pocket—when the policeman said I had lost something, 1 judged I had lost between 5l. and 6l.—I had 15l. or 16l., or something of that left—I am satisfied I lost 6l. 10s. in gold—when the policeman came into the house he said to the prisoner "You have got some money I have no doubt, let me have it"—she said she had not—he gave her a twist, and she dropped the money, 6l. 11s.





JOHN JONES
 (police-constable S 77.) I heard the prosecutor and the prisoner talking about half-past twelve o'clock, within twenty yards of a brothel—I heard him say, "I know you had your hand in my pocket"—she said, "It is cruel of you to think so"—I said, "Sir, you are robbed"—he said, "No, I think I was too quick for her"—I said "See," and he said, "My gold don't feel so heavy as it was"—I took her two hands, and took her into the room, and these five sovereigns, three half-sovereigns, and one shilling fell from her, wrapped up in her glove.




GUILTY
.* Aged 25—


Transported for Seven Years.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

