




58. 




HENRY BARBER
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
23rd of October, 1 neck-chain, value 6d., 11 seals, value 4l.; and 12 snaps, value 2l.; the goods of 



Samuel Perkins and otters, his masters; and 





WILLIAM LOOKER
 was indicted for

 feloniously receiving 3 seals, part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statute.

3d. COUNT. For Feloniously receiving them of an evil disposed person.





SAMUEL, PERKINS
. I am a jeweller, and live at No. 45, Little Sutton-street, Clerkenwell. Barber was my errand-boy for three months—I have known Looker some years—he was acquainted with Barber—on the 23rd of October, I sent Barber, with the goods stated in the indictment, to three different houses—the chain was to go to Messrs. Dugard's and Simpson's, and the other things to other houses—he went about a quarter before twelve o'clock—he might have returned by one o'clock—I never saw him again till he was in custody—the officer has some of the property.





WILLIAM TATE
. I am a jeweller, and live at No. 164, Strand Looker came to me, on the 23rd of October, about one o'clock, and brought these three seals, which he said he had picked up in the street—I said, "Though you have found them, you have no right to sell them"—he said he did not offer them for sale, but to know what they were—I asked him his name and address—he hesitated, and then gave the name of George Anderson—I sent for the officer.





WILLIAM MCDONALD
 (police-constable F 36.) I was called in to take Looker with these three seals—he said his name was Anderson—Barber afterwards came to Bow-street, and gave up the property to Mr. Dugard.





GEORGE DUGARD
. I am a jeweller. Barber gave me this gold chain outside the office at Bow-street.

Barber's Defence. I met this boy, and asked him to go with me—I then met another lad, who went with us; and when we got to the Strand, he sent Looker into the shop.
(Kitty Barber and Thomas Powell gave Barber a good character.)

BARBER—



GUILTY. Aged 14.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury and prosecutor.
—



Confined Three Months.

LOOKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.
