



2374. 




ANN MCCARTHY. alias
 Hannah McArthur,

 was indicted

for that she having been convicted as a common utter of counterfeit coin, did afterwards, on the 
27th of September, utter and put off, to 



Susan Floyd, a counterfeit half-crown, well knowing it to be counterfeit.


MR. ELLIS
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Ann M'Carthy, for uttering counterfeit coin—he was tried at the Middlesex October Sessions, 1833.—I have examined it with the original record in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace—it is a true copy—(read)





JOHN FISHWICK SUMMERSALL
. I am a turnkey for the House of Correction for the country of Middlesex. In October, 1833. I recollect the prisoner being tried for uttering counterfeit money, and sentenced to twelve months' hard labour,





SUSAN FLOYD
. I am the wife of Charles Floyd, a dealer in earthenware, in Bartholomew-terrace. On Tuesday, the 27th September, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to our house, to purchase some article of earthenware, with came to 6 1/2., and offered half-a-crown and a halfpenny in payment—I thought it bad, and showed it to my husband—he came into the shop with me to the prisoner, and sent the lad for a policeman, who took her in charge—I gave the half-crown to my husband.





CHARLES FLOYD
. I was in the parlour adjoining the shop, and received the half-crown from my wife—I said nothing to prisoner, but sent immediately for the policeman—she heard me send for him—Essex came, and I gave him the same half-crown as I had from my wife—the prisoner seemed very restless, and muttered, but said nothing.






JAMES ESSEX
. I am a policeman. I was on duty on the 27th of September, and was called into Floyd's shop—I took charge of the prisoner and received a half-crown from Mr. Floyd, which I produce—I took the prisoner to the station-house—as soon as we got there, I desired her to sit down for a few minutes, as Mr. Floyd had not come—I kept my eye on her—she beckoned to me, and said, "Is there, a place of convenience for me?"—I said, "Wait a bit, my good woman"—in the mean time I told my brother officer of the circumstance—I still kept my eye on her, and saw her put her hand into her pocket—I thought she was going to take some snuff, but when she took her hand out she folded her arms—I said, "I think you have something not right"—we both laid hold of her arm, and Cox took a sixpence out of her hand—I had asked her if she had any thing and she said she had nothing—5 1/2 d. in copper was found on her by a female searcher.





JOHN COX
. I am a policeman. I was on duty at the station-house when the prisoner was brought there—she was sitting in a chair—I saw her put her hands into her pocket, take them out, and fold them again—I said, "What have you in your hand?"—she said, "Nothing"—I said, "What is your hand clenched so for?"—she said she had got nothing—I opened her hand, and took the sixpence out.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to his Majesty's Mint, and have been so for many years—I have examined the half-crown and sixpence. they are both counterfeit—they are cast in Britannia metal.




GUILTY
. Aged 60.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.

