






Before Mr. Baron Alderson.
1125. The said 
               
                  SARAH 
                  BECKWITH
               




             and 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  ROGERS
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of July
, 1 sheet, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Hillback
               




            .
 - HILLBACK. I am the wife of Robert Hillback. The prisoners came to lodge at my house together about three weeks before the robbery in July last, and had a furnished lodging - they went away within an hour or two of each other, and they were apprehended on another charge- I went into their apartment with the policeman, and missed a sheet off their bed.


                  JOHN 
                  BELSTEAD
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Matthews, a pawnbroker - I do not remember a sheet being pawned - there was one taken in in the name of Rogers - I do not know whether I took it in, but I wrote the ticket - I was present when it was pawned - I have the ticket here - it is in my handwriting - it was pawned on the 26th of July, by the date on the ticket, but I do not remember taking it in- I have put the name of Rogers on it at the time it was pawned - I know Rogers by her pawning things at other times.


                  CHARLES 
                  SCOTCHMER
               



            . I am a policeman. I apprehended Rogers on another charge - I asked her how it was that the duplicate of a sheet was found on Beckwith, pawned by Rogers - she said, "I pawned the sheet at Matthews', in Whitecross-street, and afterwards gave the ticket to Mrs. Beckwith."


                  MARY 
                  RYAN
               



            . I am the wife of a policeman. The prisoners were brought to the station-house - I searched them, and found on Beckwith the duplicate of the sheet in question, and the duplicate of a coat.
JOHN BELSTEAD re-examined. This duplicate is in my handwriting, and so is the one I put on the sheet.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  BECKWITH
               



            . What Rogers pawned was under my direction.
BECKWITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45. - 


               Transported for Seven Years longer
            .
ROGERS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
