




1251. 




JOHN CLATER
 and 




GEORGE OLLEY
 were indicted for

 feloniously uttering a forged transfer of £50, which was jointly possessed in the new 31/4 per Cent. Annuities, by the said John Clater and 



Robert Thomas Wood, with intent to defraud the 

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, well knowing it to be forged.—2nd COUNT, with intent to defraud Robert Thomas Wood.—3rd COUNT, with intent to defraud 



Robert Barker.


MESSRS. MAULE, ADOLPHUS, and
BULLOCK
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM DRINKWATER
. I am a clerk in the New Three and a Half per Cents, at the Bank. I have an extract from the books of stock to the amount of 250l., which stood in the names of Clater and Wood, in 1833—none of that stock now remains in the names of those persons—it was transferred at several times—the last transfer was the sum of 50l., on the 26th of October, 1836—I subscribed this transfer (looking at it) as attesting witness—who the parties were that applied to transfer that stock I do not know.





WILLIAM HENRY HAWKINS
. I am a stockbroker. I carried on business at the Rotunda till lately—I now carry it on in the Stock Exchange—I know the prisoner Clater—I first became acquainted with him on the 1st of February, 1833—he was introduced to me by a Mr. March, stating that he wanted to purchase some stock, and on that occasion I purchased 250l. in the Three and a Half per Cents., in the names of John Clater and Robert Thomas Wood—the money was paid by Clater—I had other transactions with him—the last was on the 26th of October, 1836—on that occasion 50l. stock was sold, from the names of Thomas Clater and Robert Thomas Wood—the instructions for the sale were given in the morning to my clerk—I have extracts from my book made by myself—my clerk is here—the transfer was made and I signed the draft for 49l. 1s. 3d.—this is my draft—(looking at it)—it is drawn on Williams, Deacon, and Co.—that was for the proceeds of the stock—I delivered the cheque to my clerk—I have

known the prisoner Olley since the 3rd of March, 1836—he was introduced by Clater as Robert Thomas Wood—that was on the occasion of the first sale of the stock—25l. of this stock was sold on that occasion—I saw him subsequently with Clater on eight different occasions—they were for similar transactions—he was represented on those occasions as Robert Thomas Wood.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. I observe you refer to a paper, to enable you to say how often you saw Olley? A. Yes—that does not assist me in recollecting that he was the person I saw with Clater—to the best of my belief, the 26th of October, 1836, was the last time I saw him before he was charged with this offence—I have not seen him since, to my knowledge—I cannot say precisely how he was dressed the first time I saw him—he was rather shabbily dressed—I saw him a very short time on each occasion—it might be nine or ten minutes—it was longer than three or four minutes—I should say five minutes—I see a great number of persons in the course of a day—he had dark clothes, and I think a dark brown coat, but I cannot be positive—he was not dressed precisely the same on all occasions, but he was very shabby each time—I do not examine people's dresses—my clerk took the greater part in the transaction—I did not know Robert Thomas Wood—I do now—he has informed me that he came with Clater when the stock was first bought in, but I have no recollection of it—I saw him a short time previous to Clater being taken on this charge—I had not any recollection then of his being the person who accompanied Clater when the stock was bought in—Mr. March introduced him—I have no recollection of Mr. March saying any thing about the person who was in company with Clater—I knew March, I believe he is a respectable person—I have never expressed any doubt as to Olley being the man who was with Clater—there was a momentary doubt, I may say on the morning Olley was taken—I did not say I was not certain he was the man—I do not remember making use of any expression at all—my impression was that he was the man when I first saw him—I do not remember expressing any doubt, but it was a serious charge, and I wished to be very cautious before I said any thing—I am almost sure I did not express any doubt, I have no recollection of it—the first time I saw him was as he passed before the Mansion-house, in the street—I was standing at the front gate, and had a passing view of him—I afterwards saw him in the Justice-room.

MR. MAULS. Q. Look at him now—are you sure that is the person you saw eight times on the transfer of the stock? A. I have no doubt—the momentary doubt I had was when he came into the under part of the Mansion-house, which is very dark—he had a hat on then—when I saw him at the bar of the Justice-room I had no doubt, and have none now.





GEORGE THOMAS SKINNER
. I am brother-in-law of Mr. Hawkins, and assist him in his business. I have seen the prisoner Clater several times, and I believe Olley is the man who accompanied him—Clater gave the instructions for the sales—the other prisoner was not with him then—on the 26th of October, I received instructions from Clater, who was then alone, to transfer £50 Stock in the New Three and a Half per Cents, standing in the names of John Clater and Robert Thomas Wood—that was in the morning—I cannot exactly say what time the transfer took place—about twelve o'clock perhaps—I received the instructions about an hour before—I prepared this note (looking at one) from instructions given me by Clater.

Cross-examined. Q. How many times did you see the person you believe

to be Olley, with Clater? A. Six or seven times—I did express a doubt about his being the man—I have not seen him since October, 1836, to my knowledge—he was shabbily and dirtily dressed—I cannot recollect what sort of clothes he had on—he was with me four or five minutes on each occasion—I have not said the person who came had red whiskers—I have no recollection of any thing of the kind—I cannot swear I have not said so—I should say I have not said the person was marked with the small-pox—but I had rather not swear I have not said so.





JACOB CARR
. I am clerk to Mr. Hawkins. I went with the two prisoners to transfer some stock in the Three and a Half per Cents—I think I went with them seven times to sell stock—I went to identify them—I am sure they are the persons I went to identify the morning they were in custody—I had some doubt when I first saw Olley, but when I came to look at him, I had no doubt—I went with them to the Bank, on the 26th of October, 1836, and transferred the sum of £50, being the whole of the stock remaining—they then assumed the joint names of John Clater and Robert Thomas Wood.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was Olley when you first saw him in custody? A. Passing before us in the street, going to the Mansion-house—Mr. Hawkins was with me at the time—I did not hear Mr. Hawkins say he had any doubt about him—I think I said at first, that I had some doubt about him—I do not remember Mr. Hawkins saying that he had too—I think he did say so just at first, but I am not sure—the parties were about five minutes in my company on each occasion—the man who came with Clater was very shabbily and dirtily dressed—his clothes looked to me like dirty black, but I will not swear it—I did not say I had some doubt about Olley being the man, when I saw him up stairs in the Justice-room, nor any thing of the kind—I told Mr. Hawkins he was the man, as we went up stairs—that was all that passed, and when he saw him in the Justice-room, he said he could swear to him—I did not describe his whiskers, or say he was pock-marked.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Are you the attesting witness to this transfer? A. Yes; I saw the parties sign it—I saw Olley write the name "Robert Thomas Wood" here.





JOHN JABEZ OVER
. I am a clerk in the Three and a Half per Cent. Annuity office, in the Bank—I prepared this transfer, on the 26th of October, in consequence of instructions I received from Skinner—it was completed from those instructions.





ROBERT THOMAS WOOD
 I am a printer's compositor, and live in Henry-street, Gray's Inn-lane—I know the prisoner Clater very well—I married his sister—he is the son of the late Mr. Frederick Clater, who died on the 18th of May, 1882—he and his father were both druggists—after the father's death I and the prisoner acted as executors—I had a sum of 400l. of his to call in—the whole of it was paid to the prisoner in my presence—100l. of it was to be given to the widow of Mr. F. Clater, and the other, after paying the funeral and other expenses, was to be invested in the funds—250l. of it was afterwards invested—it was a good while before it was invested—I made frequent applications to Clater to have it invested, and at last it was done—I never gave authority to anybody whatever, in any way, to transfer that stock—this transfer is in the hand-writing g of the prisoner Clater; but the "Robert Thomas Wood" is not my handwriting—it is an imitation of it—I do not recollect receiving the dividends on the stock at first—they were paid over to Mrs. Mary Clater, the widow

of the late Frederick Clater, by the prisoner—I received one some time after, and paid that over to her—I cannot recollect when that was—it is some time ago—250l. stock was then standing in our joint names—I think it was on that sum I received the dividend—I should have known if any part of it was transferred—I signed this dividend-book (looking at it) when I received it—about the summer of 1835 I made an appointment with Clater to go to the Bank to receive the dividends on this stock—he was to meet me at a public-house in Coppice-row—I went there at the time appointed, and waited about two hours—he did not come—I endeavoured on subsequent occasions to get him to go to the Bank with me to receive the dividend; but could not get him to meet me—I at last applied to the Bank in the early part of this year, and found the stock all sold—I caused application to be made to the Bank to restore it—the receipt to this dividend, dated July, 1834, is in my hand-writing.

Clater. I never promised to meet him in Coppice-row—I met him when be lived in Corporation-row as he was removing, and I said I would meet him the following day at his other residence. Witness. I do not recollect that—he did not meet me when he appointed.

Clater. Q. Did not I assist you in patting something into the cart when I spoke to you? A. I recollect your putting something into the cart, but you did not go that day—you promised to meet me at Bennett's, and when we did go to receive the dividend, which I did receive, we went from Bennett's.





SAMUEL THOMAS SMART
. I am in the counting-house of Williams, Deacon, and Co., in Birchin-lane. I paid this cheque—(baking at it)—I cannot tell who to—these are the notes it was paid in—(looking at four notes.)





JACOB CARR

re-examined. I paid for the stock by a cheque, which I gave to John Clater.





ROBERT THOMAS WOOD

re-examined. Here is the hand-writing of Clater on the back of one of these four notes.





WILLIAM SUTHERLAND WOOD
. I am a chemist and druggist in Exmouth-street, Spafields—I have known the prisoner Olley about three years and Clater eight or nine years—Clater rents premises of my father in Spafields, to make up horse medicine—I often saw Olley and him together in business—he appeared to be assisting him and running errands for him—he often came to me to buy drugs for Clater—I am quite sure of his person—he was not dressed then as he is now—he was very shabby—he appeared to have very slight whiskers there, and rather dark than light.

Cross-examined. Q. Is he a married man? A. I cannot say any thing about that—I have not known where he lived—no more than his being with Clater.

Clater's Defence. Olley lived seven years in the house where I lived for twelve years, at Wilson and Co.'s—I assure you he is not guilty of what he is charged with—Mr. S. Wood has said that he came from me—it is no such thing—he came to me, and I recommended him to Mr. Wood to get these articles, and those were the only transactions I had with him—he did not go for goods for me.





HENRY M'DONALD
. I am a licensed victualler, and live in Milton-street, St. Luke's. I have known the prisoner Olley from a child—he lived shopman with me seven years, and bore the best of characters—he has lived in the same house for the last seven years with the people who took the house—he continued there up to the time of his being taken into

custody—I know his hand-writing well—he has written two or three hundred names for me in one day when I carried on the pawnbroker's business—this signature, "Robert Thomas Wood," is not at all like his writing in any way whatever—(looking at the transfer.)

Q. Does that appear to you to be the free and natural hand-writing of a man, or an attempt at disguise? A. I should say it is a free hand—his is a very stiff hand, as he was in the habit, when with a druggist, of writing on parcels going into the country.

MR. MAULE. Q. Was that shown to you at the police-office? A. It was—there were three shown to me—I did not then say it was a disguised hand—allow me to explain—I said when I saw it that it was not his handwriting—I saw the next, and if you will show it me I will tell you it very different to that altogether—it seems written by a man very nervous—I said, "That looks like a woman's writing"—another was then shown to me, and I said, "I am satisfied that is not his hand-writing, but a man might disguise his hand"—the second did not look at all like the other, but I cannot say they were done by different people—one signature appeared very different to the others—this is not it, nor this—(looking at two)—I do not profess to be a judge of hand-writing—Olley was apprenticed to a druggist, and I was apprenticed to his brother, who is a pawnbroker—he was seven years in my employ at different times—I was a tailor and clothier at that time—in fact, I kept a sale shop, and sold every thing almost—I have been a publican going on five years—he has not been in my employ during the last three years, not as a hired servant, but he occasionally went on messages or did any thing for me—I never sent him to Clater—I did not know where Clater lived—I never sent him to buy any drugs—I do not know of his wanting any articles in Clater's line during the last three years.

MR. JONES. Q. In the number of years you have known his handwriting, was it generally uniform, or did it vary? A. He wrote a stiff sort of hand, and I should say it was all pretty well alike—I never knew him disguise his hand, or attempt it.





TIMOTHY PERRY
. I am a clothes salesman, and live in Golden-lane, St. Luke's. I have known Olley about twenty years—he bore a good character—I have had opportunities of seeing his hand-writing—not very frequently—I bought goods of him perhaps five or six times—I have seen him write I dare say half a dozen times, and have been able to form a judgment of the general character of his hand-writing—this signature, "Robert Thomas Wood," is not at all like his hand-writing—I have been in the habit of seeing, the writing of different persons in my business.

Q. Does that appear to you the free, unrestrained writing of a man, or a disguised hand? A. I must admit this one appears to me rather disguised—it is not at all like Olley's writing—he writes a different character altogether—he has lived five years, to my knowledge, in his last place of abode—I saw him two or three times a week passing by my shop.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What business has he transacted with you, when you saw him write? A. I bought some hats of him—he used to sell hats on commission for a Mr. White—he made the bills out—I have seen him make them out in my shop four or five or half a dozen times, and have seen him write his own name.
(George Green, Milton-street, Finsbury; Robert Shaw, Wilmington-street, Goswell-street; Thomas Transfield, Eagle Tavern, City-road; John Belstead, Minories; and John Bevan, Leman-street, gave Olley a good character.)


CLATER—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.

OLLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.




Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Park.
