




2091. 




JANE BENNETT
 and 




DANIEL PALMER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
28th of June, 6 shifts, value 2s.; 2 shirts, value 1s. 6d.; 2 pairs of trowsers, value 1s.; 1 table-cloth, value 6d.; 1 night-gown, value 6d.; 1 petticoat, value 3d.; 1 pinafore, value 8d.; 1 apron, value 3d.; 1 pair of socks, value 3d.; and 1 handkerchief, value 1d.; the goods of 



Thomas Idle.






THOMAS IDLE
. I live in Bell-street, Vincent-square. On the 28th of June I went out at two o'clock in the morning—I returned at four o'clock, and these articles were all sage then in the wash-house—I went to bed, and when I got up in the morning they were all gone—these are the articles——(examining them)—some were in a basket, and some on the copper.





MARY IDLE
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I was called up by the policeman that morning, and missed all these things from the wash-house—it had not been locked—it was merely latched—ours is a corner house.





THOMAS LINSCOTT
. I am a wheelwright. On the 28th of June I was going out in the morning to my employ, about six o'clock, and saw the two prisoners at the corner of the court, by the side of the prosecutor's house—Palmer went down the court, he was there about ten minutes, and came up with a bundle, which he put into Bennett's lap—she was there waiting—I went in search of a policeman, and he took Bennett.





JOHN WYCOMBE
 (police-constable B 33.) I took Bennett—Palmer went away, but was taken in about ten minutes.





JAMES GREGG
 (police-constable B 28.) I was on duty when Bennett was brought in—she said got the things from Dan, who lived in Old Pye-street, and she afterwards recognised Palmer as being the man.

Bennett's Defence. I was met by two men, who asked me to carry a bundle—I refused to do so—one of them threatened to strike me if I did not—I then consented—I met the policeman, who asked what I had got—I said I did not know—he told me to go with him—this young man is perfectly innocent.

Palmer. I never saw this young woman till I was taken.

BENNETT—


GUILTY
.* Aged 19.

PALMER—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.




Transported for Seven Years.
