






Before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
913 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BAKER, alias 
BACCHUS





               
            , and 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     COOPER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th March
, 9lbs of pork, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Nias
                        




                     
                  : and that the said 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Baker
                     



                   had been previously convicted of felony
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  WHINFIELD
               



            . I live at Islington. On the 26th of March I was in Rotherfield-street, and was called by Mrs. Nias, who complained of being robbed - I pursued, and overtook the prisoners - I found Cooper carrying this pig's-head under his arm; he dropped it - I told himhe had been robbing Mrs. Nias; he said he had not, for Baker had given it to him - Baker said nothing then, but afterwards said he had picked it up in the fields - Mr. Nias took it up; Cook assisted in securing them.


                  THOMAS 
                  NIAS
               



            . This pig's-chop is mine - on my coming home I found the prisoners in custody with it; I had seen it safe in the morning - I know it.


                  JOHN 
                  COOK
               



            . I am a Policeman. I came up when the prisoners were apprehended; Mrs. Nias delivered the chop to me - I took an apron from Cooper, with some pork brine on it.


                  JOHN 
                  BONNER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Nias. I know this pig's-chop; it was in the trough in the coach-house ten minutes or a quarter of an hour before, at the back of the premises - my master's is a private house.


                  JOHN 
                  GOODWIN
               



            . I am a Policeman. I produce a certificate of Baker's former conviction here, in February, 1831 - I am certain he is the man (read); I saw him tried.
Cooper's Defence. I was coming by, and saw this man, who asked if I would have a pig's-head - I thanked him, and put it in my apron.
BAKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
COOPER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Confined Three Months
            .
