





Before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
2310. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MOLLER
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 22nd of September
, at St. Mary Matfellon, alias Whitechapel


, 1 piece of false and counterfeit coin, resembling and apparently intended to resemble and pass for the King's current silver coin, called a shilling, feloniously did falsely make and counterfeit
            ; against the Statute, &c.
MESSRS. SCARLETT and GURNEY conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  FOGG
               



            . I am an officer of the Thames Police. On the 22nd of September, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, I went to a house in Essex-street


, with my brother, Isbester, and Gascoigne; we went in at the back door, which was open; the house is divided into different tenements, and the rooms numbered; we found the room No. 7, on the second floor; the door was fast; I burst the door open, and saw the prisoner sitting on the right-hand side of the fire-place, in a chair, with a tobacco-pipe in his right-hand, which he immediately put out of his hand on the hob, on the right-hand side of the fire place; and upon a chair just before him was a quantity of counterfeit shillings in a cup- I saw a white mould on the chair; he immediately took hold of it with his left hand, and threw it on the floor, put his foot on it, and broke part of it; I immediately hit him under the ear, and he fell back against the wall - I picked up part of the mould, with a shilling in it; I put it on the chair, and secured him; in the fire was another tobaccopipe, with white metal in a fused state; and on the chair was a file, and a piece of metal, and the teeth of the file full of white metal, as if it had been used; the white metal was Queen's metal spoons broken up - the pipe on the hob had white metal in it; the shilling never came out of the mould; there was a shilling on the chair, in an unfinished state; after securing the prisoner he kicked at the chair, to knock the mould out of it, but did not succeed.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I suppose that was after you gave him the blow? A. Yes, some time after; he did not say that John Webb had desired him to stay in the room till he came in.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ISBESTER
               



            . I accompanied Fogg - the prisoner attempted to destroy the mould; I saw a quantity of counterfeit shillings in the chair - I confirm Fogg's evidence.


                  JAMES 
                  FOGG
               



            . I accompanied my brother and the officers; I entered the room immediately after them, and took possession of the pieces of mould, which I produce - here are two pieces; there is the impression of both the sides of a shilling on them; I received forty-six counterfeit shillings from my brother - one with a get on it; it was in the mould when it was found - I produce a piece of metal, one whole spoon, and pieces of a broken spoon, two files, one with white metal in the teeth - the prisoner's hands appeared as if they had been at work at this business; here are two pipes, one with metal in it, and half a bag of plaster of Paris.


                  JOHN 
                  GASCOIGNE
               



            . I accompanied the witness, and found two counterfeit shillings on a bed in the room; they are finished - there was a new metal spoon on the mantelpiece, of the same kind as the broken ones - it appears to be the same metal as the shillings are made of; I found a bag of plaster of Paris, which the moulds were made of, in the cupboard.


                  ROBERT 
                  PRING SNELL
               



            . I am landlord of the house in Essex-street. The prisoner was tenant of the room, No. 7, and had been so nearly five months; he had a young woman there, who passed as his wife - she hallooed out Murder! when the officers came; I received silver for the rent once or twice - but at the other times always copper.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you many lodgers? A. Yes; I am sure the prisoner was my tenant- I never knew a man named Webb; I never knew the name of the person living in the next room - a person took a room in the name of Bob, the painter, and he was taken with the prisoner, but let go; one of my tenants, named Sheen, was tried at Clerkenwell - he lived in No. 9.
COURT. Q. What rent did the prisoner pay? A. Four shillings a week.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am an inspector of counterfeit coin. This shilling is counterfeit; the mould is made of plaster of Paris; here is now part of the impression of a shilling of 
               George
             the Third on it - it has part of the letters on it now; here is Geor III. D. G., and the other part has the back of the head; there are forty-six counterfeit shillings - they resemble the current coin of the kingdom; this one with the get to it is in the state in which it first comes from the mould- all the shillings appear to have been cast in this mould; the metal is usually melted in a tobacco-pipe, poured into the mould, and afterwards field to fit them for circulation; this file appears to have filed white metal - these spoons are a similar sort of metal to what the shillings are made of- the broken pieces are the same; the mould is made of plaster of Paris.
Prisoner's Defence. The landlord said, before three witnesses, that I did not take the room.


                  MARY 
                  ANN MOLLER
               



            . I am the prisoner's mother When I heard of this I was surprised that he should have a room, and the landlord said he never took the room o him, for Bob took it, and he was no tenant of his.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for life
            .
