





1144. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     EMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of April
, 3 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 6 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 4 shirts, value 5s.; 2 pairs of breeches, value 1l.; 2 pairs of gaiters, value 8s.; 1 jacket, value 2s.; 1 coat, value 5s.; 1 waistcoat, value 2s. 6d.; 2 night-caps, value 6d., and 1 cloth bag, value 3d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Wood
                  




               
            .
GEORGE WOOD. I was at Mr. Bird's, the Bowl and Castle, Oxford-street


, in the beginning of April - I had met with the prisoner at Market Harborough, and came up from there with him - he took me to Mr. Bird's, and said,"Here, grandfather, take care of this boy's bundle, as I am going to take him a lodging;" he said, "It will be very safe, put it under the table;" the prisoner then took me to another place, and said, "Don't you go out, you will be lost;" I waited, expecting him to return, but he did not - I walked about all day, and at last I found his grandfather's; I said to Mr. Bird, "Let me shift my clothes" - he said, "Have you seen George? he has fetched your clothes;" I had not known the prisoner till I saw him come from Market Harborough.
WILLIAM BIRD. I am the prisoner's grandfather. The prosecutor left his bundle there, and the prisoner came and took it away the second day afterwards; he said he came for it for Wood - I said, "Are you going to take it to him?" and he said Yes - I do not know what became of the clothes; the prisoner's father lives in London.


                  GEORGE 
                  LOWTHER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a boy's jacket, pawned by the prisoner, on the 5th of April.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PIERCE
               



            . I live at Mr. Baxter's, a pawnbroker. I have a pair of breeches, pawned by the prisoner.


                  ROBERT 
                  ISAACSON
               



            . I took the prisoner, and went to the pawnbrokers with him.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
