





659. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     KIRBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of January
, 1 set of fire-irons, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Eve
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  JAMES 
                  EVE
               



            . I am an ironmonger
, and live on Ludgate-hill


. I have lost twenty sets of fire-irons; I went with the officer to the pawnbroker's, and found this set.


                  STEPHEN 
                  STEPHENS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Whittaker, a pawnbroker, in Long-lane. These fire-irons were pawned with me on Saturday night, the 21st of January, by the prisoner, in the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Kirby
               



            , for 4s.


                  JAMES 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 25th of January I saw the prisoner on Ludgate-hill, in conversation with Clark, who has been convicted; he was opposite Mr. Evels shop, while Clark went in and brought out four sets of fire-irons - I took the prisoner then, but I let him go again; these fire-irons were found afterwards at the pawnbroker's.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at home on the night these fire-irons were pawned; the officer came to my house on the 2nd of February - he took me to another pawnbroker's. where a set of fire-irons had been pawned; they said I was not the man - he then took me to Mr. Whittaker's, and they did not say whether I was or not - I was then remanded till the Tuesday following, when three pawnbrokers came- none of them could say I was the person; but on the Friday Mr. Stephens swore I was the man.


                  STEPHEN 
                  STEPHENS
               



            . I never expressed any doubt that the prisoner was the man: I did not attend at the first examination.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a special constable. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office - I took him on that occasion, and know he is the man. - (read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
