





2084. 




JOHN RYAN,



 DANIEL DALEY
, and 




JOHN JUDEN
, were again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
13th of July, 2 shirts, value 3s.; 1 gown, value 3s.; 4 pairs of stockings, value 2s.; 1 table-cloth, value 2s.; 5 towels, value 2s.; 5 cravats, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 shift, value 1s.; 1 bed gown, value 1s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 1s.; 1 night-cap, value 6d.; and 1 basket, value 1s.; the goods of 



Joseph Parsons.






SARAH PARSONS
. I am the wife of Joseph Parsons, of Salamanca-wharf, Lambeth. On Friday the 13th of July, I lost a basket of lines out of the front-parlour-part was mangled, and part was folded ready to iron—my house is in a public street—I saw it safe at half-past two o'clock and at three o'clock I received information, and missed it—I did not see any of the prisoners near my house-here are two aprons and part of as apron, a night-cap, one towel, and five stockings—these are part of what I lost.





ELIZA MARY PICKLE
. I live with my mother, Mrs. Pickle, right opposite on site Mrs. Parsons-at three o'clock, on the 13th of July, I saw Jhon Ryan and Daley standing by the window, and Juden was at the corner near there—I did not see them do any thing.





JAMES WHITE
. On the 13th of July, I was on the top of my house which is opposite to Mrs. Parsons'—I saw Ryan and Daley near the prosecutor's window for about ten minutes—I then saw Ryan get in at the window, and hand out a basket of linen to Daley-before I could get down to give information, they were gone—I did not see Juden at the time this was taken—he was sitting down opposite, but I could not see him.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-constable L 31.) On Sunday the 29th of July, the three prisoners were in custody at our station-house—I took Daley's stockings off, and they were identified by Mrs. Parsons—I then went to Juden's mother, and found a clothes-basket and two stockings, and these other things, which were identified by Mrs. Parsons.





JAMES BROOK
 (police-constable L 118.) I apprehended the prisoners on the 29th—I found this one stocking on Ryan.

Ryan's Defence. I had a pair of stockings on, which they swore to—they took one stocking off, and not the other—I had bought them at a clothes shop.

Daley's Defence. I bought two odd stockings at the same place, and a shirt, and they took my stockings off.

RYAN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 12.

DALEY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

JUDEN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.





Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
