



3401. 




HENRY LAY
 was indicted

for feloniously receiving, of an evildisposed person, 56lbs. weight of lead, value 8s., the goods of the 

Governors and Company of the New River; well knowing the same to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the prosecution.






HENRY HAWES
. I know a man named Taylor, and a man named Robinson—they are employed by the New River Company to put down pipes—I know the prisoner's shop, at No. 3, Britannia-row, Islington—on the evening of the 6th of October, about six o'clock, I saw Taylor and Robinson go to his house—Taylor had a basket on his shoulder, containing

something heavy—they both went into the prisoner's shop and staid there a few minutes—I then saw them come out with the basket empty—I thought there was something wrong and told the officer.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What are you? A. An errand—I lived with Lay about three months back, for about three months—since that I have been carrying parcels and one thing and another for people in the street—I was once in trouble—I was with three other boys who stole some potatoes—I was taken to Hatton-garden and discharged—I was also given into custody by Dr. Burroughs, where I lived, charged with stealing some instruments—I was discharged—it was proved to be some other person—I have been employed by Mr. Holt, a baker, during the last three months—I do not know how long it is since I left my father—he turned me out of doors because I was ill—it was not because he said I had robbed him—it was for going with some girls, and I was take ill—I never went with the boys charged with stealing the potatoes till the time—one of them was drowned in the sea—the other is an apprentice—we all got off—I had mentioned this to the policeman—he told me to watch—he gave me a sixpence or two—my father is a tailor—my brothers and sisters have not been turned out of doors.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Then you watched this shop by desire of the policeman? A. Yes—I had told him before that I had seen Taylor and Robinson in the shop.





JOHN TAYLOR
 (a prisoner) I have been committed for this offence to give evidence. I was in the employ of the New River Company—I received from them some pig-lead to join the pipes—Robinson work with me—I know the prisoner by seeing him at Hatton-garden—I never took any lead to his house in my life—I went with Robinson to the door—he was in and sold it—I stood on the edge of the door—I did not go up to the counter—Robinson told me he got 6s. 6d. for it—he gave me 5s. 6d.—the policeman came and fetched me from my work on the Tuesday following—he took me to Hatton-garden, he had got no evidence against me, and I was discharged—I did not abscond—I remained at work till the policeman came, and then I said, "You want me," and gave myself up—I do not know what has become of Robinson—I have not seen him since the Thursday night that I took the lead to the door—it was part of the lead which I had received to do the pipes, with that he took.

Cross-examined. Q. Was Hawes at your first examination? A. Yes, and the second—he was examined the day I was committed to Newgate—Robinson got out of the way, because he came and told me that Lay's wife had been to him, and said that they had got her husband—I gave him money to keep out to the way—the night he came to me I gave him 15s.—I did not have any conversation with the parties any where in the shop—Robinson told me Lay made objections to buy the lead—I did not then say it was all right, that I gave him liberty to take it—I did say it was a wet night, and I gave him liberty to take it to get something, but not in the shop—I said so since—I did not open my lips to Lay at all.





HENRY ALLEN
 (police-constable N 350) I received information from Henry Hawes one evening at six o'clock, and also before that—I desired him to watch the shop—I gave him several sixpence and a breakfast and dinner—I went to Lay's about six o'clock that evening, accompanied by Eastwood—we found the prisoner blowing the fire under an iron melting-pot, in the back parlour—I told him I had come for the lead which he had just bought of the New River Company's men—he said, "Yes"—at the same

time I seized this piece of lend, which was in the pot, it was hot, but not melted—he was taken by surprise—as we came suddenly in upon him he said, "Yes, that is it"—he said, "Have you taken the two men?"—I said, "I have"—he said, "For God's sake say nothing about its being on the fire, and I will give you any thing"—he repeated that several times—I said, "This is not all"—he said "No, I will give you the rest," and he gave me this other from under the counter in the shop—it weighed about 56 lbs. altogether—I took him into custody—on the way he repeated again, "For God's sake say nothing about its being on the fire"and he would give us any thing, or do any thing—he was asked at the station if he knew the man belonging to the New River Company—he said, "Yes; one of them perfectly well"—I took Taylor—I have not been able to find Robinson—I thick I took Taylor on the Tuesday following—I found him at work—he gave himself into my charge, saying, "Have you taken Robinson?"—there were two examinations before the Magistrate before Hawes was examined—I did not like to produce him if I could have done without him, as he is a boy of not a very good character.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you say any thing to the prisoner, when he was going to the station-house, about his being a witness against the other two men? A. I have no recollection whatever of saying any thing of the sort—I told him I had the two men—that was not true—I did not bell him I wanted him to be a witness against the other two men—I told him, at the station the station-house, that it was useless deceiving any person—I had not taken the two men—I am quite positive I asked him if he knew the men belonged to the New River Company—the sergeant who took the charge said he knew one of the men—I do not know whether he mentioned the name.





JOHN COOPER
. I am foreman to the New River Company. Taylor and Robinson were in their service—lead of this description was delivered to them for work—it is worth about 23s. per cwt.—that is about 7s. 5d., for this—Taylor and Robinson were using lead of this kind that day.
(John Saunders, Chapel-street, carpenter and blindmaker; John Harrison, of Gloucester-street, Clerkenwell; and Arthur Hudson a japanner, of Brunswick-street, gave the prisoner a good character).




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
