





1562. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BAILEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of July
, from the person of 
                     
                        Robert Samuel 
                        Palmer
                     




                  , 1 pocket-book, value 5s.; 1 bill of exchange, for payment of and value 460l., and 1 order, for payment of and value 40l.
            , his property.


                  ROBERT 
                  SAMUEL PALMER
               



            . On Monday, the 25th of July, I was in Compton-street


, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon; my attention was called to the prisoner, and to the state of my pocket; I missed my pocket-book, and the prisoner was running down Greek-street - I pursued, calling Stop thief! and saw him throw my pocket-book down - it was picked up, and given to me - I had lost sight of him two or three seconds, after he threw down the pocket-book, while he turned the corner of the street, but I had such a view of him I have not the smallest doubt of him; I had a bill for 460l. in the pocket-book, and an order for 40l.


                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . On the 25th of July I was in Greek-street, and saw the prisoner in company with two other persons - before I got to Compton-street I saw the prisonerwith the tail of the prosecutor's coat in his hand, as he was crossing Greek-street, and with his other hand he 
               drew
             a red pocket-book from the coat pocket; he walked up Greek-street, and then ran - I called the prosecutor's attention to the circumstance; I had lost sight of the prisoner, but I had taken particular notice of him, and I know he is the same person - I saw him taken; he might be out of my sight half a minute.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
