






1054. 
               
                  
                     JOHN LEONARD 
                     PERRY
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 17th of February, 5 sacks of flour, value 15l., and 5 sacks, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Jones
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CREAMER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a baker
, and live in Pollard's-row, Bethnal-green



 - I keep my flour in a loft, about a yard from my dwelling-house. It was perfectly safe at seven o'clock at night on the 16th of February - I cannot tell whether the loft door was locked, but we were repairing the oven, and I suppose those who took the flour most have got over the wall: my man came to my other house, and said we had lost five sacks of flour - I got up, went to the loft, and missed them; they were worth about 15l. - the sacks I do not pay for, we return them; I found the two prisoners in custody the next day - I cannot swear to the flour, but I can to the sacks; we have had a great many with the same mark.


                  JAMES 
                  GLIBBERY
               



             I am a Police-officer. On the 17th of February I saw Perry in Church-street, Bethnal-green, driving a horse and cart, containing five sacks of flour; I suspected it was not right, and watched him, with my brother officer - he went on to Creamer's house, and the cart stopped at his door; the shutters were up, but the door opened, and Creamer came out - they said something to each other; I then went and asked Creamer who the flour belonged to - he said to him; I said I must take him, and I gave him to my brother officer; Perry was then on the cart, preparing to unload; the cart belonged to somebody belonging to the fire-office - it was between six and seven o'clock in the morning.
Creamer. You took another man, and allowed him to escape. Witness. No - I took you directly; there was another man, who made his escape from my brother officer.


                  THOMAS 
                  CAMROUX
               



            . I was with Glibbery. I saw Perry driving the cart from Church-street to Fashion-street



, where it stopped, at Creamer's; I stopped while Glibbery went to the station and got another officer - we then went and asked Creamer whose it was; he said it was his - there was another man in custody of the other officer, but he got away - I showed the same sacks and flour to the prosecutor: the flour was given up, but the sacks are here.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 17th of February, soon after seven o'clock in the morning, I was desired to go with Glibbery to Fashion-street - I saw the cart at the door, with the five sacks of flour in it: I took Creamer - another man came out of the house, and ran away in his shirt-sleeves.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  PAINE
               



            . I was going down Pollard's-row, about half-past six o'clock, and saw Perry driving a little chaise cart, with the flour in it; I walked alongside of him I suppose, five hundred yards; an elderly man followed the cart, and crossed the way - I cannot swear to him, but I can to Perry.
Perry's Defence (written). On the evening of the 16th of February, as I was standing in Cammomile-street, Bishopsgate, a respectable looking man came and asked if I was not the person who drove Mr. Smith's horse and cart; I told him I was; he then told me that he wanted me to remove a few goods for him on the following morning, at six o'clock, which I said I would do - he came the next morning, got into the cart with me, and told me to drive to Bethnal-green-road, which I did; when I came to Pollard's-row, he told me to drive down there, and stop under a loft window - he then, with two other men, who were in the loft, loaded my cart with five sacks out of the loft; he told me to follow him, which I did, till I was about half-way down Fashion-street, Spitalfields; he then told me to stop while he went over the way - he almost instantly returned, and said that the person the goods were for had removed, and I must wait while he went back to get his direction; while he was gone I got up on the cart to tie up one of the sacks, and three Policemen came up and asked me where the owner of the sacks was; I told them he was in the house opposite; they went in and brought him out, but let him make his escape.
Creamer's Defence. Two men came to inquire for a baker who had lodged with me; I said he was gone, but I could give them a direction where to find him - I was about doing so when the officer came and took the man who was waiting for the direction; they let him go, and then came and took me - the cart stood opposite my door; the baker had instructed me to give any one his direction who might call for it - I did not know what the sack contained; I did not come outside my own shop - the shutters were up; I did not say the flour was my property - I have the shop and parlour, and have no communication with the rest of the house.
PERRY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CREAMER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
