



843. 




AMELIA PARKER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of February, 1 watch, value 2l. 5s.; 1 seal, value 15s.; and 1 watch-key, value 1d.; the goods of 




Thomas Jones, from his person.






THOMAS JONES
. I sell packing-cases and other things. On the 18th of February, about eleven o'clock in the evening, I fell in with the prisoner in Brick-lane, Spitalfields—she began talking to me, and asked me the time of night—I pulled out my watch, and told her—I put my watch into my fob, and went down the first street—she went down also, and kept talking to me, and put her hand round me once or twice—I cautioned her not to do it, but she still kept on kissing and hugging me till we came to a court, and there she stopped to pretend to tie up her garter—she went a yard or two up the court, and I went on about a yard or two—I then missed my watch—I went back to her, and asked her to come out, which

she did—I told her she had got my watch—she denied it, and wanted to go another way—I followed her till she came to St. John-street—there was a policeman on the other side—she called him, and said that I charged her with taking my watch—I told him about it—then one policeman took her and felt in her bosom, and she had not got it—I went with the other policeman to the court, and there we found my watch behind some palings—this is my watch—(producing it.)





JOHN BATEMAN
 (police-constable H 28.) The prisoner and the prosecutor met me about half-past eleven o'clock that night—the prisoner called "Police"—I came over, and heard the prosecutor accuse her of robbing him of his watch—she wanted to get away—he held her by the shoulders, and gave her to me—I took her to the station—the prosecutor and another officer went and found the watch.





DAVID EVANS
 (police-constable H 118.) I went with the prosecutor to Molloy-alley, and found this watch behind some palings—the prosecutor took me there.

Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor—he said, "My dear, where are you going?"—I said, "Home"—he said, "Will you come with me?"—I said, "Where?"—he said, "I am going to turn round here, come round here"—we went down several turnings together, and then he said a word to me that I do not wish to speak—I said, "If you wish any thing, I should like to go to a house"—he said, "I will go to your house"—I said, "You can't, I live with my mother"—he said, "Come down here, and come up this alley" and I said, "I don't much like to go," but we went up the alley, and he began to pull me about—I said, "I shall go home," and then he said, "You have got my watch"—I said I had not—I was going home, and he kept following me, and said I had—I called the policeman, and told him of it, and the prosecutor gave charge of me—he was very drunk.





JOHN BATEMAN

re-examined. The prosecutor had been drinking, but he knew what he was about very well.





DAVID EVANS

re-examined. I found the watch in a place where it could not have fallen.




GUILTY.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
