



922. 




GEORGE HERDSFIELD
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
29th of march, 1 handkerchief value 4s. the goods of 



James Walker, from his person, and the he has been before convicted of felony.






JAMES WALKER
. I live at the Harp, Harp alley, Farringdon-street, and am a smith and iron founder. On the 29th of March I was in Fleet-street at half past ten o'clock in the evening—I felt a hand behind me—I put my right hand behind and caught my handkerchief—I turned round quickly and the prisoner had hold of my handkerchief in his hand and drew it though my hand—he ran across Fleet street, and was folding up the handkerchief all the while—I followed him of there hundred yards and was not three yards form him—about a dozen men then got round us, and I lost sight of the handkerchief.

Prisoner. I was going through Fleet street—I was going after that gentleman-two boys followed him and took his handkerchief as he said, and then ran away—I ran after them, and then he followed me, and did not sight of me. Witness. he ran uncommonly well, and put the handkerchief into his bosom.





HENRY BOLTON
. I am watchman of St. Bride's. I heard the cry Stop thief"—I saw the prisoner run up Shoe lane—I attempted to stop him, but the slipped through my fingers and ran away quickly—I followed him to the corner of Harp-alley, and there he was taken—he did not call "Stop thief"—I saw him stopped and took him to the watch-house—no one passed round him—I was in the middle of Shoe-lane—I did not see any thing thrown down—the person who were persuing him were very close behind him—the people did not get about him when he was stopped—he was running when I took him—there were persons round abut him.


Prisoner. He and three more watchmen took me—I don to see how I could throw anything down without their seeing me. Witness. There were three of us, and a great many people about him.





WILLIAM M'LENNAN
 (City police constable No. 4) I produce a cetificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clarks's office—the prisoner is the person—(read.)




GUILTY
 Aged 18—


Transported for Seven Years.
