





158. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of November
, 1 pair of blankets, value 10s.; 1 pair of sheets, value 10s.; 1 counterpane, value 5s.; 1 pillow, value 20s.; 2 pillow-cases, value 2s.; 3 pictures, value 2l., and 1 bolster, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Sharpe
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  SHARPE
               



            . I live in Charter-house-street


. -About the 9th of October the prisoner hired a room of mine; I cannot swear when I lost these things, but I know they are mine.


                  ANN 
                  SHARPE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. The prisoner staid only seven days in our house, and left the room locked up till the Monday following; I got an officer to break it open, and then missed every thing that could be carried away - I have found some things.


                  STEPHEN 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker. I have a sheet, which I know was pawned by the prisone and a blanket, which I am not certain who pawned.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you know her before? A. No, but I am certain she is the person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TELLIER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Smithfield-bars. I have a quilt, pawned by the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLAMP
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I had some articles which the prosecutor claimed, but I gave them to an officer just now, and I cannot find him.


                  ANN 
                  SHARPE
               



            . These are my property.
Cross-examined. Q. Had not the prisoner three children? A. No, only one; I did not see that she wanted for any thing - I lost three pictures, one of which cost five guineas.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
