







369. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     FAGERTY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of December

, 1 watch, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Timothy 
                  Hall
               



            ; and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     ROWE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
TIMOTHY HALL. I am a higgler
, and live at Wisbeach. On the 8th of December I went to the Pavilion, in Whitechapel-road, with a friend; I had the head-ache, and did not like it - I went out, and was standing in the street - Fagerty came, and accosted me - we talked some time; Williams came up - they asked me for some gin, and we all went and had some; I then went to a house with the two women, and went into a room up stairs; I took out my watch, and locked at the time - it was past six o'clock - I gave them half a crown a piece, and then 1s. to get some gin, which Wiliams went for; Fagerty then kneeled before me, and we made an agreement; she took the watch from my pocket, but I did not see her do it; she had not been out of the room, but had gone to the door and come back - then I put my hand, and missed my watch; I said, "You have got my watch;" she began to cry, and the landlady came up - she asked her where the watch was, and took the candle to look on the bed; Fagerty said, "I took it from him, put it into my bosom, and gave it to Mary Williams - why did she go away and leave me; I will go and look for her;" I said,"I must take care of you - you shall not go till I have my watch;" I went down stairs to the people in the house - the landlady and I were going to look for Williams, we met Mr. Prendergrass - Fagerty said the same thing to him as she had to me; he took her - we went and found Williams, who took us into the room, and said to the landlady"If you will promise me three things, I will tell you where the watch is - if you will wish that you may never see your husband any more; that your house may be burnt to ashes, and that you may be burnt to brimstone, if you tell, I will tell you where the watch is - I took it, and gave it to Rowe"- we went and took Rowe; he swore in coming along, that he had it, but had not got it then - the watch has never been found; I went before the Magistrate the next day, and while I was in the public-house a rascally fellow came and spoke to me; I then went into the room to Rowe - he said, "I suppose you have lost your watch;" I said,"Yes, you know that as well as I do;" he said, "If you will go to such a house, I will treat you with a bottle of wine, and send for a man who will get the watch;" a man came showed me a duplicate, and said, "I have got the duplicate from Rowe;" it was pawned for 25s. - I went to White Horse-street, and saw it, but it was not my watch.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q.You went home with both these women? A. Yes, by their persuasion, but I did not see Rowe till after I had lost my watch.
SARAH EDWARDS. I keep the house to which these persons came; I let the room to Rowe and Williams, who live together as man and wife - I know Fagerty; I met her, Williams, and the prosecutor going in. as I was going out on the 8th of December; Fagerty said,******- and then Hall asked me to go and have some gin; I refused, but he forced me, and I did - I then went for some coffee and soap, and when I came back my husband said the girls had gone up stairs with a man; I went up -Williams pushed me back, and went out; I afterwards heard Fagerty cry, and went up stairs - Fagerty said,"Williams has got the watch - I gave it her out of my bosom;" I told the prosecutor I would give him every assistance in my power - I heard Williams was gone to the Cross-keys, in Wentworth-street; we went there, but could not find Rowe - he was found opposite the Pavilion; I asked if he would give up the watch; he said he had got it, and intended to make good use of it, and he would not let it go - the prosecutor offered him four sovereigns for it; he said he would not let him have it by any means - the officer then took him to the watch-house; Williams said if I would swear by my husband's, and my own life, she would tell me where it was, that she gave it to 
               
                  Henry 
                  Rowe
               



            , and it was ten minutes past eight o'clock.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you married? A. Yes; my husband is a paper-hanger, and works at the East India warehouses - Rowe was found at the Three Ships, about half a mile from where I live; he had not been in my house that night - he did not say it had been in his hands for safe custody; he said he had made good use of it, and intended to keep it - I' gave my wedding-ring off my finger, and the certificate of my marriage to the prosecutor, because I was frightened that such a thing should happen in my house; I told him he should have the value of his watch - I was not with these women; he did not charge me with assisting them - I said I would see as far as the law would go for his watch - he did not say if he got his watch, he would not prosecute them; he said to Fagerty,"You own you had the watch, and gave it to Williams;" she said Yes - he said, "If you will give up the watch, I will give you four soverigns;" he did not say he would not hurt them.
Fagerty. That woman was with us, and told me, if I did not go and speak to the prosecutor, she would never let me into her house any more. Witness. It is false you may rely upon - Fagerty did not live in my house.
Williams. I took a room of this woman, as an unfortunate girl, and paid 7s. a week; I went out with her that night - this gentleman came out of the play-house - she went to a public-house, and treated us with a quarten of gin; the prosecutor came and spoke to Fagerty - she would not speak to him, and the witness said if she did not go and speak to the man, she would have her week's rent that she owed her; we then all went to the Royal Oak, and called for a pint of gin - the witness went up Whitechapel, and said "Take him home to your room, and I will be home directly;" she afterwards came home, and said, "Take him up stairs as your brother - I don't want my father and mother to know I keep a common house" - she kept Fagerty with her as a dress girl, to go and look for her living; the prosecutor sent me for two or three half-pints of gin, and while I was out I was taken. Witness. It is false.
Rowe. Q. Did not I drink gin with you that night? A. No.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PRENDERGRASS
               



            . On the 8th of December I met the prosecutor with Fagerty, in Whitechapel-road; he gave charge of her, and said he had lost his watch - I asked what she had done with it; she said she took it, and gave it to Williams; I took her to the watch-house - Williams was brought in - I questioned her, and she said she gave it to Rowe; I went and found him at the Royal Oak, at half-past twelve o'clock; I said I took him for receiving a watch from a girl named Williams, knowing I to be stolen - he denied it entirely.
Rowe's Defence On the 8th of December I had been making a wager on a pony-match - I was going down the road, and met Edwards and the two prisoners; Edwards asked me to treat them - I said I had only five sovereigns to make the match good; she said she would stand treat -I then went on to the house where the pony was; I afterwards went to another house to a raffle, and the officer was one of the party; I then went to the Royal Oak - I had not been there half an hour before the witness came and said,"Give me the watch;" I said, "What watch?" she said,"You know;" the officer then came in, and said, "I take you as a receiver;" I said "I know nothing of it;" in going along the prosecutor came and said, "I will give you 5l. if you will give me my watch;" I said, "I know nothing of it;" he came to me the next morning, and said, "If you will give me the watch or the duplicate I will go away, so help me God;" I said, "I know nothing of it," and I was committed on the evidence of this woman saying she gave it me.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PRENDERGRASS
               



             re-examined. Q. How came you to take him? A.From Williams saying she gave him the watch.
FAGERTY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Life
            .
ROWE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
