






NEW COURT. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 23.
Third Middlesex Jury. - Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1796. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HALL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of September
, I handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Lewis
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
DAVID LEWIS. I am a medical man
. On the 16th of September, as I was in St. John's-square, Clerkenwell


, I felt something pull at my pocket; I turned and saw Smith putting my handkerchief into Hall's bosom - I had had it half a minute before; I seized Hall, and Smith ran away - I called Stop thief! he was brought back in about a minute; I had lost sight of him, but I am sure he is the person.
Hall. Q. Can you swear I was with Smith? A. Yes; the handkerchief was put into your bosom - I seized you, and took it from you - you wanted me to let you go, and said you knew nothing about it.


                  CHARLES 
                  DENNIS
               



            . I was coming through Jerusalem-passage, and saw the two prisoners walking just a-head of me; Mr. Lewis was walking with two others - when he got to a broad part, Smith took the handkerchief, and put it into Hall's bosom; Lewis seized Hall - Smith ran off; I pursued, cried Stop thief! and he was stopped without getting out of my sight - I had seen them together for one hundred yards.
Hall. Q. Can you say I was with Smith? A. Yes, and when I came up to you, you said, "You did not see me take the handkerchief."


                  WILLIAM 
                  HILL
               



            . I stopped Smith, who was coming towards me.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Hall's Defence. it was thrown at me, it lodged between my coat and waistcoat; I know nothing of Smith.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
HALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
