





1370. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HAMMOND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of June
, 1 saddle, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Shearman
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  WARRINGE
               



            . I live with Mr. Frazer. This saddle was Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Shearman
               



            's - it was in the stable in the Golden Cross yard


; my master had bought a mare of Mr. Shearman, and it had this saddle on - the saddle was safe on the 21st of June, and next morning I missed that and another; the prisoner was a helper in the stable
, and he was there on the 21st - I found the saddle at Mr. Collis' the next day, and knew it.


                  JOHN 
                  COLLIS
               



            . I am a saddle and harness-maker, and live in South Molton-street. I had known the prisoner some time - he brought me a saddle on the 22nd of June, in the morning, and said the groom had sent it for me to buy, if I pleased - he asked 15s. for it; I gave him 10s., and said I would return it if the groom did not like that money - I have known the prisoner two years, and knew he was employed in the stable.
Prisoner. The groom authorized me to sell it, and asked what it was worth; I said, "I don't know, but Collis will give you as much as any body," and I took it there.


                  CHARLES 
                  WARRINGE
               



             re-examined. There is no truth in that - I never said so; I sent another saddle to be repaired a week before, which he paid 7s. 6d. for; I had said before that I wanted a saddle - the prisoner took me to Collis', and I saw one which they wanted 3l. for; I left 2l., and said if my employer liked it I would return and pay for it, or pay for the use of it - I took it to the stable; I sent back for the stirrups and girths - my master rode on it, and approved of it; I called in the evening for some longer stirrup leathers - Mr. Collis' man said he was gone out, but would soon return; this was on Saturday - I did not call on Sunday or Monday, but on Tuesday I went to clean my harness, and missed my new saddle; I asked a man where it was - he said the prisoner had taken it to be altered; I went out, and saw the prisoner intoxicated, eating some wilts - I asked him whether he had got the leather to the new saddle; he said, "It is all right;" I then went to Mr. Collis', and saw the saddle on the horse- Mr. Collis said the man had brought it back, and said the gentleman did not like it; that he had given him the 2l. back, and he had paid 7s. 6d. for the use of it for the three days - I then went after the prisoner, and found him in Marylebone-lane; I asked him if he had spent the money - he said Yes, and was very abusive; I had him taken into custody.
Q. Then did your master and you mean to keep the new saddle? A. Yes.
MR. COLLIS. He settled with me for the new saddle, then the brought the old one, and I bought it of him; he said the groom sent it - I thought it belonged to the groom.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MACKENZIE
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner - he was quite intoxicated; he said if he had not been drunk I should not have found him in London.
JOSEPH PITCHFORD. I was in the stable on the morning of the 21st of June, I believe; I was in Lord Winchelsea's brother's service, and since then have been to Melton Mowbray - since then I have been helping in different yards; I went to the Golden Cross yard to see a man named Fisher, who has some horses standing there- I saw Warringe there, and the prisoner was asking him for some money for the work he had done for him; he did not mention any sum, but said, "I want some money to get something to eat and drink, and to get a clean shirt" - Warringe said he had no money, but there was an old saddle which belonged to him, and he would get him to sell it for him; we then went and had some beer - I went before the Magistrate, and stated this; this was between twelve and two o'clock - it was not on Tuesday.
MR. COLLIS. This saddle was brought to me on Tuesday morning, between nine and twelve o'clock.
CHARLES WARRINGE. I never at any time said,"Here is an old saddle belonging to me, go and sell it;" he did ask me for money - I cannot say that I owed him any thing, for I sometimes gave him a pot of ale for any thing he did; I believe he did tell me on Saturday evening that he wanted a shirt; I gave him 1s. now and then when I had it - the new saddle suited my master, and we intended to keep it; we have bought it again; there was 1l. 7s. 9 1/2d found on the prisoner, which the Magistrate ordered to be returned.
The prisoner made a long Defence, the only part relating to the case was, that the prosecutor had sent him to dispose of the saddle.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
