




1436. 




JOHN HAYDON
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
25th of January, at 
St. Pancreas, 1 purse, value 2s.; 2 £10 and 4 £5 Bank-notes; the goods and monies of 



Elizabeth Beaumont, his mistress; and 





CHARLES CHUCK



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to be stolen, against the Statute, &c.


MR. RIDDEL
conducted the Prosecution.






MISS ELIZABETH BEAUMONT
. I am single, and live at No. 12, Euston-place, Euston-square. On the 25th of January, about three o'clock, I hired a glass-coach from Mr. Tipping, in the Mews nearly opposite my house—the prisoner Haydon was the driver—he drove to Southampton-street, Strand—I waited there about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—I went to Messrs. Walfords the attorneys there, and then drove home again—on arriving at home, I went into the house, and almost immediately after the

servant brought a message, to ask me to permit Haydon to go home to get some horse-cloths—I assented to that—he was not absent more than a quarter of an hour, I think—on going up-stairs, I missed my purse, but did not mention it to him on his return—it contained two £10 notes, and four £5 notes—I had seen it safe at Mr. Walford's—I had my purse in my hand in my muff—I did not mention my loss to the servant—my niece went out to search the carriage, but I was not present—I drove to my sister's in York-place, and then went back to Mr. Walford's to inquire if I had left the purse there, and then I mentioned it to the prisoner—he was asked if he had seen it—he said he had not seen any thing of it at all—I the drove to Mr. Hayward's in Buckingham-street—he was out, and I wrote a note, telling him of the loss—I cannot exactly remember whether he came home while I was there, but I got into the coach and returned to my own house—I told the prisoner at the door that I would give him 10l., if he would restore my purse and money—he said he had not seen it, and used on oath—I hired the coach again next day, and the prisoner drove it—Mr. Tipping's son was present, and I told him to say, I thought the purse must have been found in the carriage, and if he would restore it I would give him 10l.—the prisoner declared he had not seen it—Mr. Hayward called at my house the same evening the 25th—I had received the notes from him on the 22nd.—I did not know the numbers of them, but Mr. Hayward took a pencil memorandum of the numbers in my presence, when he paid them to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When had you examined the contents of your purse? A. Previous to my going out, I put the notes into the purse—I had other notes in my possession, but they were in my dressing-case quite separate from these—the notes I received from Mr. Haywood on the 22nd were not mixed with others—I kept them separates from any other notes—I put them into my purse the morning I went out in the coach—I know there was 40l.—I had not examined them, not to know them again—I know I put four £5 and two £10 notes into my purse—I know I ascertained the amount, because I had money to pay—I had not used my purse between the time of my going out with the prisoner and missing it—I had no necessity for money—I had not got to the place where I was to use the notes—I was going to Oxford-street after going to Mr. Walford's—they money was in a small green purse, not in a reticule—My impression is that I did not drop the purse till I got into the carriage—I think the last place I felt it in my hand was at Mr. Walford's door, coming out—I am sure I felt there—I do not think it possible that I dropped it from my muff—after I missed it, I went to my sister, told her of my loss, and asked her advice—she said, before she asked him if he had picked the purse up in the carriage, she would have me go to Mr. Walford, and ask if I had left it there—I think the prisoner has driven me before—I never saw the notes again till I was at the police-office—Haydon was taken the next evening, and was afterwards discharged—he was only taken twice





MARIA SAUNDERS
 I am the prosecutrix's servant, On 25th January, my mistress hired a glass coach, which the prisoner Haydon drove—she came home first, I think, between four and five o'clock; and the prisoner wished me to ask mu mistress to allow him to go away for half an hour, to get cloths for the horses—mistress said, "Certainly," but not to exceed half an hour—he was not absent above ten minutes or quarter of an hour—I heard mistress say she had lost her purse—I named it to Haydon—he said he knew nothing at all about it.





SAMUEL TIPPING
. I am a livery stable-keeper, and lived in Southampton

Mews, Euston-square, at the time in question—I now live in Alsop Mews. The prisoner Haydon was in my service on the 25th of January, but not Chuck—he had been in my service—on 25th of January I let a coach to the prosecutrix—Haydon drove it—it went from my yard between two and three o'clock, to the best of my recollection, and came back between seven and eight o'clock—on that evening I saw Mr. Hayward at Miss Beaumont's house—he informed me of the loss—the prisoner did not some home for any horse-cloth that afternoon; not till he came home in the evening for good—he had 12s. a week—I paid his wife on the Saturday evening before, the 23rd.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. He is a married man, and has a family? A. He has one child—he was eleven months with me, and behaved very well, so that I promoted him to be coach-driver—I was in the yard from the time he left till he came home for good—he did not return for a horse-cloth—he might have returned with out the coach, but I did not see him—I know a man named Cox—he has no access to the yard but at the front entrance—he drove one of my cabs at the time—he had access to all parts of the yard.

MR. RIDDEL. Q. What time did Cox come home that night? A. To the best of my recollection, between nine and ten o'clock—he went away about eight o'clock in the morning—Haydon could get at the horse-cloths without asking me—they are kept in different parts—I was about the stables the whole of the afternoon.

COURT. Q. If he had brought the carriage home, you must have known it? A. I must—he might have come without it, and clouded my observation.





MARGARET SMITH
. I am bar-maid at the Orange Tree, Palace-row. Euston-square. On Sunday evening, the 24th of January, Haydon came to me, and asked me to lend him 5s., which I did—I saw him again on Monday the 25th—he was backwards and forwards from about seven o'clock in the morning till between nine and ten o'clock—I was serving in the bar from three o'clock in the afternoon till between twelve and one—I did not see Haydon that afternoon, and think he could not have come without my seeing him—I saw him next morning, between nine and ten o'clock—he gave me a sovereign to change, and to take the 5s., I had lent him—he was very sober then, and quite collected.

Cross-examined. Q. On the Monday, after three o'clock you did not see him at the Orange Tree? A. I did not—I cannot swear he was not there, but I believe he was not—I do not think he drank there.

COURT. Q. You said before you thought he could not come in without your seeing it? A. Hemight have drank outside the door—I did not think he could have come in without my seeing him.





PHILIP HAYWARD
. I am a solicitor, and live at No. 14, Buckingham-street Strand. I know the prosecutrix—I recollect paying her £60 in January last—I have a memorandum of the notes which I made at the time I paid her—(reads)"Two £10, Nos. 7961 and 2, dated 4th December, 1835; four £5, No, 29601-2-3, and 29750, all dated the 7th of December, 1835"—I also paid her two £10 notes, No. 7163 and 4, but those she paid away—I had received these notes from Martin, Stone, and Martin that day—I went to the house on the 25th, and saw her in the evening—from what she stated, I sent for Mr. Tripping, and also for Haydon who was there at the same time as Tripping—I asked Haydon if he had seen any thing of the notes which were lost—he said he knew

nothing about it—I asked him where he went to when he went away—he said he went to Mr. Tipping's yard for cloths for the horses—Mr. Tipping denied that—he then said he went to Mr. Smith, at the Orange Tree to get a pint of beer, and bread and cheese—somebody went out to know if he had been there—a message was brought back, that he had not—he still persisted that he knew nothing of the notes, and they left—next morning I went of the Bank, and stopped the payment of the notes—on Friday evening, the 29th of January, I received a notice from the Bank—I went there, and from information I received there, I went to Jones and Lloyds, and then to Shoolbred and Cook, Tottenham-court road, and saw one of the partners—the first notice was about a £10 note—I subsequently received a notice of a £5 note, which I traced through Smith, Payne, and Smith's hands.





JAMES NELSON
. I am a clerk in the accountant's office in the Bank of England. I produce two £10 notes, and four £5 notes—the £10 are No. 7961 and 2, dated the 4th of December, 1835, and the £5 are Nos. 29601, 2, 3, and 29450, all dated December, 1835—they each came into the Bank at different times, through different bankers—the £10 notes, No. 7961, was paid in on the 28th January, through Jones and Lloyd, and the £5 note, No. 29601, on the 29th of January, through Smith, Payne, and Co.





ANN SUMMERS
. I am the landlady of the Little Gun, in Norton-street. On the afternoon of the 26th of January last, I think it was, Chuck came to my house—I changed a £5 note for him, and wrote his name, Chuck on it—I do not know the number of the note—he left a bundle of cloth with me the same day, and asked me to keep it for him, which I did, till I gave it to Collier, the policeman—(looking at the £5 note, No. 29601) this is the note—it has my writing on it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you know Chuck before? A. He has been in the habit of coming in and out—I knew him by the name of Chuck—I asked him what name I should put—he said "Chuck—you will know where to find me, Miss; I shall be on the rank"—that is all that passed—I had know him a month or two.





GEORGE PITT
. I am shopman to Shoolbred and Co., of Tottenham-court-road. On the 26th of January, Chuck came to out shop with a tailor, whom I had seen before—he bought sufficient cloth to make a pair of trowsers and two waistcoats, and tendered a £10 note in payment—I changed it, and market my initials on it and his address—(looking at a £10 note) I have written "Chuck, 1, Pancras-street, T. C. R." for Tottenham-court-road—I asked his name, and he gave me that name and address—I had seen him on one occasion before—I first brought him change for a £5 note by mistake, instead of£10—he said, "This is will not do, we have to work too hard for them"—I have no doubt of him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you recollect him when he came into your shop at first? A. I did—he had been in the shop three or four months before, and bought some cloth—I went with other parties and saw the person who lived at No. 1, Pancreas-street,; but I did not go to No. I myself.





EDWARD COCKS
. I lodge at No. 37,—St. Pancras. I know the prisoners—I saw both of them on the 25th of January—I saw Haydon about eight o'clock in the evening at Mr. Tipping's yard—nobody else was present—he said he wanted to speak to me, and told me he had found some notes—he showed them to me, and I looked at them—there were two

£10 notes, and four £5 notes—he then asked me to pass them for him—I told him I did not know any thing about the notes, and would note pass them—I told him to keep them for a few days, and there would be a reward offered for them—he said that would not do, that he had been driving a lady who had dropped them, that he had been with Mr. Tipping to the lady and made it all right, and there was no suspicion that he had them—I then took the notes to Chuck, and stated the case to him exactly as Haydon did to me—Chuck said that it was all right, he could pass them—that he knew a gentleman in the Strand who bought notes—I then gave Chuck a £5 note, which he changed at his lodging—I went to him next morning—he said the gentleman in the Strand has something to do with the Custom-house affair, and would have nothing to do with the notes—that he passed a £10 note at Shoolbred's, in Tottenham-court-road, a £5 note at the Little Gun, in Norton-street, and a £5 note was a lost in London-street—I don't know where the remainder were changed—I had between 7l. and 8l. of the money—Haydon had 9l. and Chuck had the remainder—I heard of the prisoners being taken into custody, and went into Billerica in Essex, and stopped there six weeks—I then had information that every thing was all right, and returned—I was apprehended on the 8th of May, I think, by Collier.

COURT. Q. You never told all this till you were taken up? A. No.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. And you ran away for the purpose of avoiding being taken up? A. Yes, I then accused them of it—they turned on me first—I tried to save myself, of course—Chuck told me he was know at both places where he changed the notes, and gave his own name and address.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know Shoolbred's and Cook's house? A. Yes—Chuck had the cloth to make the breeches and waistcoat of—I did not have it—I never saw it—I wanted on the other side of the street while Chuck went into Shoolbred's—I went with him—on my oath, I did not have the cloth—I thought I should be taken when they were in custody, and ran away—I was never in custody before.





GEORGE COLLIER
. I am a policeman, and live at No. 9, Brunswick-street, New-road. I took Chuck into custody on the 2nd of February—Haydon was at that time in custody for this offence—they were remanded five times, and Cocks being out of the way, both were discharged—I took Cocks afterwards, about two o'clock in the morning of the 8th of May, in Tottenham-court-road—I afterwards took Haydon at five o'clock the same morning, and he said, "I suppose it is about the notes," adding that he knew nothing about them, he was as innocent as a child unborn—I was present at the apprehension of Chuck, about nine o'clock the same morning and he said it was now all up with him, now Cocks was taken, and pointing with his finger to his neckcloths, he said, "This young gentleman will be lagged"—I got a parcel of cloths from Summers for a pair of trowsers and two waistcoats.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. About how long was it after Chuck was discharged the first time that he was taken again? A. Five or six weeks, I should think—I do not know whose service he was in—he was driving a night-coach out of a yard in Carburton-street—I have seen him a hundred times since the robbery.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was Haydon apprehended in the employ of Mr. Tipping? A. No—he was working for another master.

MR. RIDDEL. Q. Do you know where Chuck lived? A. Yes—at no. 8, Pancras-street—it is a corner house—not at No.1—I believe he lived

there up to the time I took him—I know he lived there in February, when I took him first.





GEORGE PITT

re-examined. This cloth is what I sold for the note.





GEORGE THORNTON
. I am a policeman. I took Chuck on the 8th, and told him Haydon and Cocks were in custody—he pointed to himself and said, "This young gentleman will be lagged."
(The prisoner Chuck put in a written defence, stating that Cocks had asked him to go to Shoolbred's with him to purchase the cloth, as he had been in the habit of dealing there; that he called Norman, a tailor, out of the Gun public-house, and they went there together, where Cocks gave him the note to purchase the cloth; on coming out he gave him the cloth and change; he took him to the Gun, where he left the bundle, and Cocks got him to change the £5 note with the landlady; next day he offered him more notes to change, which he refused, having his suspicions; that he used the expression alluded to on his second apprehension, conceiving Cocks capable of convicting him by perjury to save himself.)
(Thomas Mansfield, hackney-coach proprietor, Hampstead-road; and John Halford, shoe-maker, Doyley-street; deposed to Haydon's good character: and Ann Whiting, Pancreas-street, Tottenham-court-road; and William Halliwell, publican, Clipston-street, St. Marylebone; to that of Chuck.)

CHUCK—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

HAYDON—


GUILTY
 of stealing, but not as a servant. Aged 25.

Recommended to mercy.—Both 



Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.

