





1216. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CARPENTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of April
, 1 purse, value 6d.; 2 sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, and 20 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Cordelia 
                           Rishton
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .
CORDELIA RISHTON. I am a widow
. On the 19th of April I was near the Arcade in the Strand


; I passed a print-shop - there were a few persons there; I had little difficulty in passing till the prisoner stopped me - he had hold of the arm of another man; one of them stopped me, and the other was behind me - soon afterwards Mr. Gibbard came, and asked if I had lost any thing; I then found there was a long slit cut in my reticule, and my purse and the money stated had been taken out - the purse was found under the prisoner's feet, but the money was gone.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you not tell the Magistrate that you had some doubt about the identity of the prisoner? A. No - there were two persons brought up; I could not be certain about the other, but I am certain of the prisoner - I looked him full in the face; he stopped me, and I put him away from me - I saw him in custody within five minutes.


                  SAMUEL 
                  EVAN GIBBARD
               



            . I am a reporter. On the 19th of April, about two o'clock, I was passing the Strand - I saw the prosecutrix before me, and on coming nearly opposite No. 48, I saw the prisoner and some other person push against her; I then saw a green purse, or cardcase under the prisoner's feet, which he was trying to conceal - I pointed him out, and he was taken; I went after the lady, and told her of it.
Cross-examined. Q. I believe he was searched at the station-house? A. Yes - I cannot say what was found on him, but nothing that the lady could identify: he was within five or six yards of the spot where the robbery was committed; I had come from Charles-street, and had followed the lady down the Strand; after the robbery I run after her; for perhaps, one hundred yards - there was nothing found on the prisoner to cut the reticule with.
EDWARD 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  HEARN
               



            . I was going in an opposite direction, and saw the prisoner push against the lady - I suspected he had robbed her; there were ten or twelve persons round the print-shop; I looked at the prisoner, and he was shuffling this card-case with his feet - I called the officer, and gave him into custody.


                  JOHN 
                  BURKETT
               



             (Police-constable F 41). I was called, and saw the prisoner near the picture-shop - there were ten or twelve other persons - I saw this green case under his feet, which he was trying to hide - I looked at him; he walked away; I took up the case, and went and took him.(Case produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I certainly was looking into the shop, but I do not know that I trod on this case; any other person was as likely to tread on it as me, and any person might as well have been taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
