





Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
320. 
               
                  
                     THEODORE 
                     BAILDON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of December
, 1 copper boiler, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Baildon
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM BAILDON. I am a picture-dealer
, and live in Hampstead-place, Kentish-town


. On Sunday morning, the 26th of December, I missed a copper from my cellar; I had seen it the night before; the prisoner, I am sorry to say, is my son - I caused him to be apprehended.


                  JAMES 
                  EAST
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on Sunday morning, the 26th of December, about half-past twelve o'clock, sliding; I took him to the station-house; he said on the road, that if his father pressed the charge he should be done - he knew what I took him for, though I did not tell him.


                  JAMES 
                  DAWKINS
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was at the station when the prisoner was brought there; I asked how he came to rob his father, but did not threaten or promise him at all - he said his father would give him nothing, and he was obliged to do it; I asked what he got for the copper - he told me he had not sold it, but hid it in an empty house next to his father's; I went with his father, and found it there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAILDON
               



            . The copper found in the empty house is the one I missed.
Prisoner. I did it from want - I had not had a bit of victuals for two days.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            . The prosecutor stated he had used every exertion to reclaim his son, who had very bad connexions, and that his house was always open to him.
