






Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
900. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACK
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Reade
                     




                  , on the 19th of June
, at St. Marylebone


, and stealing therein 17 silver forks, value 15l.; 4 silver ladles, value 7l.; 34 silver spoons, value 20l.; and 2 silver slices, value 2l.; his goods
            .


                  CATHERINE 
                  TODD
               



            . I am housekeeper to Mr. James Reade, who lives in Devonshire-street, Portland-place


. On the 19th of June, about half-past ten, I was left alone in the house - I fastened the door leading into the area, and went up stairs - it was fastened by a latch, and could not be opened outside without force - it was quite fast - the glass in the door was whole when I went up stairs - I came down in about twenty minutes, or half an hour, and observed the area door open - I went into the area, and could see nobody there - I returned and went to the pantry where the plate was kept, and I found it was all gone - I missed silver spoons and forks - I went and examined the area door, and found a square of glass broken at one corner, so that a man's hand could be put in to unfasten the latch - there was nobody but myslef in the house - I am quite sure I had left that door fast.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. You know nothing of Black? A. Nothing - the house is in the parish of St. Marylebone.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHILD
               



            . I am groom to Mr. Reade. On the morning of the 19th of June, about ten o'clock, I went into the City with master - I got home about half-past twelve - I had left the plate in the pantry cupboard - it was safe when I went out in the morning - I saw it about nine o'clock that morning.


                  JAMES 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am a tailor, and live at Camden New Town. On the morning of the 19th of June, about ten minutes or a quarter past eleven, I saw the prisoners coming up the top of Upper Norton-street, and I was coming up the New Road - they both ran round the top of Norton-street together - I stood and looked at them - they ran away up Osborn-street, by Trinity church - while I stood there a policeman came up - I gave him information - I followed him and came up to them, and took them both by the collar - I saw Robinson chuck some spoons up in the air - it appeared to be spoons - when they fell on the ground they were in a small paper parcel - I picked up one, and put it in my hat - it was taken to the station-house - I saw some spoons and forks taken from the prisoners at the station-house by the policeman.
Cross-examined. Q. How far from Mr. Reade's did you see them? A. About a quarter of a mile.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEITH
               



            . I saw the prisoners in Osnaburgh-street, near Trinity church, about ten minutes after eleven, as they passed me - they had some parcels under their arm, tied up in pieces of newspaper - I could see the end of some silver forks sticking out of one parcel - they were walking fast - each had parcels - they were about a quarter of a mile from Devonshire-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DRINGLE
               



            . I am a hair-dresser. On the morning of the 19th I met both the prisoners at the bottom of Frederick-street - they were running down the street - I saw them apprehended - Black had a hat under his arm at that time full of plate - I saw nothing on Robinson.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FULLER
               



            . I am a policeman. On the 19th of June I was coming down the middle of the Portland-road - I saw a man who has escaped beckon, and Black, who was at the corner of Devonshire-street, crossed from one side to the other, and looked into a cabinet-maker's shop - I followed the other man up Carburton-street - Black turned back and went up Portland-road - I turned back and met the two prisoners - when they saw me they turned short back, round by a dead wall, out of my sight - I ran to the top, and Palmer informed me that they were gone up Osnaburgh-street - I pursued to Frederick-street, and somebody had stopped them there - I took hold of Black - he had his hat doubled up in his arm, with part of the plate in it - I took it from him, and delivered it to Dringle - when I collared Robinson I asked what was under his arm - he said,"What is that to you?" he took it from under his arm, and threw it up in the middle of the street - it was a paper parcel - it was picked up and put into the hat with the other - Dringle walked with me to the station-house, and there I searched Black - he put his hand in his pocket, pulled out some more plate, and threw it on the table with the rest - I produce it - I found a pair of scissors, a knife, and latch-key on Black, and a latch-key on Robinson.
CATHERINE TODD re-examined. I have not the least doubt of these being master's property - I know them very well - they are not marked - I only know them by theirgeneral appearance - I have two spoons which were left in the kitchen, and they are the very same pattern and every thing - I know nothing of the scissors - here is a cheese knife, which I know by a scratch on it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not the policeman point out the scratch to you? A. I have washed it repeatedly and know it - I observed the scratch repeatedly before - I knew Robinson before - he used to come backwards and forwards to the house as a porter - his wife was servant there before me, I believe.
Black's Defence. I have been the dupe of Robinson - he prevailed on me to join in the business, and in an unguarded moment I consented to his wishes - I was never accused of any thing in my life before - his offers to render me different services induced me to place confidence in him- I knew nothing of his intention, till two hours after he says the offence was committed - I trust the character I have always sustained will weigh in my favour - I do not deny participating in the offence, but I have been made the tool of Robinson.
Robinson. Instead of my leading Black into it, he led me into it - as he speaks against me, I think it right to speak against him.
(
               
                  James 
                  Jones
               



            , of Earnest-street, Regent's-park; 
               
                  Prudentia 
                  Lewis
               



            , Brook-street, New-road; 
               
                  Ann 
                  Turner
               



            , Clarence-gardens; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brown
               



            , Munster-street, Regent's-park; 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Lane
               



            , Green-grocer, Munster-street; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Kennerly
               



            , Little Albany-street, Regent's-park; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wheatley
               



            , Brook-street, New-road; and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Raw
               



            , Little Charles-street, Hampstead-road, deposed to Black's Previous good character.
BLACK - GUILTY. Aged 19. Recommended to mercy on account of his previous good character. - 

               Judgment Respited
            




.
ROBINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. 


               Transported for Life
            .
