





1265. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SILK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas Goulding 
                        Ramsay
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS GOULDING RAMSAY. I am a wine-merchant
, and live in Mark-lane. On the 9th of June, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I was walking up Harp-lane


, and on getting to Tower-street, Mitchell informed me my pocket was picked - he pointed out the prisoner; a friend who was with me ran over with me, and I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief from his side, and throw it on the ground - it was picked up, and given to me immediately; the prisoner ran up Mark-lane - I did not lose sight of him - a gentleman stopped him; I am certain he is the person who threw it down.(Property produced and sworn to.)
WILLIAM MITCHELL. I live in Harp-lane, and am clerk to Mr. Prosser, a wine-merchant. I was up at my desk, and saw the prisoner and another in the lane - Mr. Ramsay and a gentleman were walking before them; I saw the prisoner go up to Mr. Ramsay's pocket, lift it up, put his hand in, and take out the handkerchief, which he put into his right-hand pocket; I immediately ran out, and told Mr. Ramsay in Tower-street; I pointed the prisoner out, and directly he saw me point, I saw him take the handkerchief from his pocket, and throw it down - I pursued, and caught him at the corner of Mark-lane, without losing sight of him; he struck me a blow in the chin - I had done nothing but endeavour to apprehend him; I do not know what became of his companion - he was behind him at the time of the theft, but I could see what he was doing; the prisoner was secured opposite the new Corn -exchange, by a gentleman.
THOMAS DEVY. I am a constable. I received the prisoner in charge.
Prisoner's Defence. The young lad came up and collared me - he shook me, and knocked me down; I struck him for it, and then he said I stole the gentleman's handkerchief.
WILLIAM MITCHELL. I did not knock him down - I collared him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
