





2263. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CARTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of August
, 1 jar, value 4d.; 36 pennies, and 84 halfpennies
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Leonard 
                     Wass
                  




               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the property of Leonard Wass and another.


                  ANN 
                  WASS
               



            . I live with my brother Leonard, in Wentworth-street


; he keeps a chandler's-shop
. On Sunday night, the 13th of August, I was in the house by myself, and was standing by the counter, between eleven and twelve o'clock, taking the copper out of the till, and putting it into the jar; a person came in, and took the jar and the money away - I only saw the shadow of one person - I did not know particularly who it was; I did not see the person - five men had been into the shop for some victuals, and my brother had desired them to go out, as they were rather noisy; I had counted 6s. 6d. into the jar in halfpence and pence - there was 3s. in pennies and 3s. 6d. in halfpennies; the prisoner is one of the men who had been in the shop before.


                  ANN 
                  SHEEN
               



            . I live in Wentworth-street. On the night of the 12th of August I was between my own door and Mr. Wass' window - I saw the prisoner and four others go into Mr. Wass' shop, and have some bread and meat; I watched them - after Mr. Wass had put up his shutters and gone down the street, the prisoner and three others came back to the shop; the prisoner stood by the door, and another went into the shop, brought out the jar, and gave it to the prisoner - I gave information, and the other man was transported last Session; I am quite sure of the prisoner's person - I had known him twelve months.


                  JOHN 
                  WHITE
               



             (Police-constable H 180). I apprehended the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
