





1094. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RANTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Green
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a stationer
, and live in Fleet-street. On the 27th of June, I was on Ludgate-hill


 about four o'clock - I felt my handkerchief twitched out of my pocket, I turned round, and saw the prisoner - I felt sure from his countenance that he had got it; I collared him, and charged him with it; he at first denied it, but a moment afterward he threw it down behind him; I picked it up, and put it in my pocket - I kept him about five minutes, and then gave him to two officers - this is my handkerchief, it is worth 3s.
Prisoner. You said it was not yours, but that it belonged to a friend of yours. Witness. No such thing, it is mine; I have the fellow one to it in my pocket, it has my initials on it.


                  ROBERT 
                  TURL
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was given into my custody - I have had the handkerchief ever since.
Prisoner's Defence (written). As I was proceeding along Ludgate-hill, I saw two young men before me, one of them dropped a handkerchief close by my feet, and then crossed the road; the prosecutor turned round, and said I had thrown it down: a mob collected round me, and persuaded him to give me into custody; directly the policeman saw me, he said that he knew me well, I defy him, or any other policeman, to say that ever they had me in their custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . He did not say this at the time, I said "You have stolen my handkerchief," he said "No, I have not," and the moment afterward he threw it down behind him.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
