






1915. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JACKSON
                  





               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WOOD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, 1 plough, value 5s.; 2 saws, value 1s. 6d.; 2 bevels, value 1s., and 2 pairs of pliers, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Watts
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 trying plane, value 8s.; 1 jack-plane, value 4s.; 1 smoothing-plane, value 2s 6d.; 1 chisel, value 1s.; 1 hammer, value 1s.; 1 basket, value 2s. 9d.; 1 square, value 1s.; 1 screw-driver, value 6d.; 1 chisel, value 6d., and 1 gauge, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Goodchild
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 square, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Champ
                        



.
JAMES WATTS. I am a carpenter
. I left my tools in an empty house at Notting-hill


 on the 5th of October, while I went to dinner, and on returning they were gone - I found them in a basket in the road, about fifty yards from the house, about a quarter before one o'clock - the prisoners are strangers, and had no business on the premises; the windows and doors were not hung.
MR. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  GILBERT
               



            . I am a gentleman, and live at Notting-hill. On the 5th of October I was returning from Shepherd's-bush, and saw the two prisoners coming out of the side garden door of this house - Jackson came out and made towards Lord Holland's park; Wood turned to the right, towards the fields - suspecting them I looked at my watch, and found it wanted ten minutes to one o'clock, and thinking it not likely that workmen were taking their tools away, I followed Jackson across the road, and seized him, with a basket of tools at his back, and said I thought they were not honestly come by; he said a person in the building had given them to him - he dropped them, and they remained in the road; as I was taking him back to the house he bolted after the other prisoner, and both ran away - I found nobody in the house; I gave an alarm - a witness hearing me, pursued them, and they were taken at the top of Portobello-lane; I am positive they are the men.
Jackson. He said at the office that the other man had the basket. Witness. Jackson carried the basket - I saw them in the watch-house, and looking at them for a moment, I thought it was the other prisoner, but at the office I was positive it was Jackson; they both came out of the garden door.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I am a painter and glazier. I saw the prisoners running - I followed, and took them against a hedge in Portobello-lane; they were the only two men running.


                  JAMES 
                  WATTS
               



            . Here are some tools belonging to me.
WILLIAM GOODCHILD. I was working at this house, and left my tools in a basket - several of these are mine; the prisoners are strangers.


                  HENRY 
                  CHAMP
               



            . This square and other tools are mine.


                  FULCHER 
                  WELTON
               



            . This basket is mine - I left it in the house.
Jackson's Defence. I was coming across the fields, looking at a gentleman and lady shooting, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I ran with the mob, and was taken in the high road.
Wood's Defence. I had been to Bayswater, and heard the alarm - I ran with several others and was stopped.
JACKSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
WOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
