





283. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     DUNN
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of October
, 2 lbs. weight of bristles, value 38s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George Edward James Perkins 
                     King
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  EDWARD JAMES PERKINS KING
               



            . I am a brush-maker
, and live at No. 116, Bunhill-row


. On the 15th or 16th of October, the prisoner came to my shop about half-past seven o'clock in the morning - he asked if I supplied goods wholesale at the trade price; I said I did - he then left me a written list of articles, which came to about 3l., and they were to be ready by seven o'clock the next morning; he called at seven in the morning for them - there were three dozen of broom-heads, scrubbing-brushes, shoe-brushes, and other things, according to his order; he assisted me in putting them into a package, and as we were putting them in, I called them over for his satisfaction - he then asked the price of bristles; I told him a guinea a pound, but I wanted him to have some of an inferior quality with them; he said he should be much obliged to me to let him have them, and I did on condition of his taking some more brushes - I then weighed him out 2 lbs. of bristles; I should have tied them in one parcel, but it was his wish that they should be put separate, which was done; I then put them into the hamper myself - he then purchased some other goods, some of which I put into the hamper, and some he put in; he then went away, and said he would call in ten minutes with a cart, or his cart, and take them - I had fastened the hamper down before he left the shop, concluding the bristles were inside; I never saw him again till he was in custody - as he did not return, I opened the hamper the next morning, and the bristles were missing; they were worth 1l. 18s. in the trade - all the other things were the same as they were put in.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. You put them in yourself? A. Yes - I did not leave the shop, but I did not see him take them out of the hamper; I was on the other side of the counter - my brother was in the shop part if not all of the time; I had only gone into the back warehouse at first to get the hamper; - the prisoner ran away, as he said he was in a hurry to get his cart; the goods he ordered were such as a general dealer in the country would be likely to want - I concluded he was such a person.


                  JAMES 
                  KING
               



            . I am the prosecutor's brother. I have heard what he has stated; it is correct - I saw the hamper opened the next day, and the bristles were missing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported Seven Years longer
            .
