





1186. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HORTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Thomas 
                           Billett
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS
               



             BILLETT. I live at Richmond, Surrey. On the 18th of May I was looking in at a picture-shop at the corner of St. Paul's church-yard


, waiting for the Richmond stage - my handkerchief was safe in my pocket when I left home; I do not recollect using it afterwards - I did not feel it taken; Morgan told me it was gone - I felt and missed it; he had hold of the prisoner, and had it in his hand - I believe it to be mine from the pattern and wear; it has no initials.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAM MORGAN
               



            . I am a constable of Portsoken ward. I was in St. Paul's church-yard about twenty minutes to six o'clock, and saw the prisoner and another one with him - I had seen them together a little time before this happened; they stopped at Harris' window, then went to Ludgate-hill - I went and stopped at the window myself; they came back - the prisoner put his hand into the prosecutor's left hand pocket; there was nothing there - he then made a motion to his companion, who put his hand into the prosecutor's right hand pocket, and pulled the handkerchief a little way out; then the prisoner put his apron up, and they took it quite out between them; I called to the prosecutor and caught hold of the prisoner; he dropped the handkerchief from his apron - I caught hold of the other, but he got away; Mr. Billett owned the handkerchief.
Prisoner. It is most all false that he has said.
MR. BILLETT. The handkerchief corresponds in pattern and appearance with mine.
Prisoner's Defence. Is there not more handkerchiefs than one alike? I was passing this picture-shop and saw a mob looking at the books and things, and had not beenthere a minute before the constable caught hold of me by the shoulder: another young man stood by my side, but I knew nothing of him - a handkerchief laid on the ground; he took hold of the young man, and let go of him instantly; he walked away, and he never called Stop thief! after him or any thing.



               GUILTY
             Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
