





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
717. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BELL
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 12th of February
, of a certain evil-disposed person, 500lbs. weight of wool, value 50l.; and 2 canvass wrappers, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert John 
                        Smith
                     



                   and another, well knowing the same to have been feloniously stolen
            , against the Statute, &c.
2nd COUNT, stating it to belong to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brocklebank
               



             and others.
3rd COUNT, stating it to belong to 
               
                  John 
                  Cooper
               



            .
MR. ADOLPHUS and MR. BODKIN conducted the Prosecution.


                  RICHARD 
                  MULES
               



            . I am a tide-waiter. On Tuesday, the 11th of February, I was on board the Belfast steamer from Hamburgh - I superintended the delivery of eight bales of wool to Galley Quay - the steamer was close against the Custom-house - five of the bales were marked with a triangle and three circles, and the other three with a plain triangle - they were landed between three and four o'clock in the afternoon.


                  HARLOE 
                  TRUMBLE
               



            . I had charge of the Belfast in her progress down the river - I delivered the eight bales at Galley Quay, on the 11th of February - they were marked and numbered - five of them had a triangle and three circles on them, and were numbered 203, 204, 206, 207, and 208- the other three had a plain triangle, and were numbered 300, 301, and 302.
WILLIAM DEBNAM. I am landing foreman. On the 11th of February I was at Galley Quay


, when the eight bales were landed, about half-past three o'clock - I left at five o'clock, and went again the next morning at nine o'clock - I was not then aware that any of the bales were missing - at ten o'clock the landing officer came to weigh them, and about twelve o'clock one of the bales was missing - it was one of the eight which had the previous afternoon been landed from the Belfast, and had the triangle and the circles on it - the bales were about seven feet long.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you the amount of the weight? A. No, I put them into the scale, and the Crown weighs them - there were twenty-two bales all together on the Quay, when I left at five o'clock the day before - I did not count them that morning - I had not taken the numbers of them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PIPER TOMLINS
               



            . I am landing-waiter at the Custom-house. On Tuesday, the 11th of February, I counted some bales of wool which were at the Custom-house - there were twenty-two in all, and I believe fifteen had been landed that day from the Belfast - they were all safe five minutes before four o'clock.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I suppose you are not certain as you say "I believe"? A. I am positive there were twenty-two all together.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOYCE
               



            . I am a Custom-house officer - I was on duty at Galley Quay - I left at four o'clock - there were twenty-two bales there, and fourteen had been landed that day from the Belfast - I returned to the Quay at eight o'clock the next morning; and between twelve and one o'clock one bale was missed.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. There were fourteen landed from the Belfast, were there? A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  ATWOOD
               



            . I am a night watchman at the King's warehouse, at the Custom-house - I went on duty at Galley Quay at four o'clock on the 11th of February - Joyce was there - he delivered to my charge the bales of wool - he gave me a note stating there were twenty-two bales - I did not count them - I went off duty at half-past twelve o'clock - I then left them in charge of John Warren - I had not the least reason to believe that any of them had been removed when I left - it was high water the next morning about five o'clock - there is a great depth from the Quay to the water at low water.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I suppose it was impossible to steal one of the bales while you were there, as you were put there to take care of them? A. Yes, I took strict care of them - I did not fall asleep.


                  JOHN 
                  WARREN
               



            . I am a watchman at Galley Quay - I went on duty at half-past twelve o'clock in the morning of the 12th of February, and remained till nine o'clock - during the time I was there, I had no reason to believe that any of the bales were stolen - the removal of one of them into a boat at high water would not make much noise - it was high water at a quarter before five o'clock - a boat could come close along side the quay at high water, and a bale would not have above a couple of feet to drop into a oat, from the quay.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Would it not take some trouble to drop a bale into a boat? A. No - I was there for the purpose of watching, but I had severalarticles to watch - these bales were standing on end - there was another watchman with me - I don't know how long he had been there, as that was my first day - the bales were about nine feet long - two of the bags, which are here, are not so large as one of the bales - one man would not be able to roll one of them; but when a bale of wool was thrown down, it would project from the edge of the quay two or three feet over the water - I suppose the wharf is fifty feet long - I did not go to sleep.
JURY. Q. What width is the quay? A. From thirty to forty feet - the bale of wool stood within six feet of the water.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Then if one were thrown down, and some part of it projected over the water, would it be easy for a man in a boat to draw it into a boat with a hook? A. Yes, very easy - I was walking about the wharf- the place where these bales stood was in total darkness, and quite absconded from seeing anybody, while we were walking on the other part of the wharf.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MALLANDINE
               



            . I was with the last watchman on duty at the quay - I came on at eight o'clock in the evening, and stayed till eight o'clock in the morning - I did not see any bale taken.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Whose watchman are you? A. Robert Smith's - I had to mind the bales of wool, and other things - it is a small wharf - we walked about together - we sometimes had our backs turned on the goods - it is an easy thing to hook off a bale of wool - I did not see anybody come to hook off a bale.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you see any bale carried out through the gates that night? A. No, they were all fast.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARR
               



            . On the morning of the 12th of February, I was attending the Lock at Lee Cut, Limehouse, which communicates with the Thames, and I should think is a mile and a quarter from Galley Quay - about half-past seven o'clock that morning, a boat arrived, and a young man was in it - there was a bag in it, made of coarse stuff, such as they put hops in - I think it was rougher than these bags are - it appeared about five feet in length, and about three feet and a half wide - I spoke to the man, and he to me, and he went up the river towards Limehouse - it was a lug-boat - I saw some pieces of wool about the bag - I noticed the words "Legal Quay" on the boat - it came back about half-past six o'clock in the evening, and was then empty.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I suppose you took particular notice of the bag? A. Not particular notice - it was about six feet long, a thing they carry hops in - I was about four feet from the boat - the bag could not have been nine feet long - it was a rougher covering than this - it was a different kind of material to these covers - it appeared to be stowed close - it filled the boat almost - if it had dropped into the boat, it must have made a splash - there might have been something in the boat to prevent its making a noise - it was a small lug-boat - the bag was not up to the top of the boat - it was about the middle - I did not know the man - it was on Ash Wednesday morning, and was very wet - it rained when he came in - it was a narrow boat, about ten feet long, perhaps, and would carry about four ton - there was no concealment about this.


                  JOHN 
                  WELLS
               



            . My father is a carman, and lives near the London Hospital. On the morning of the 12th of February, between seven and eight o'clock, a man came and hired a van - I went with him down to the Stinkhouse-bridge, near Bow Common, that is the river Lee - I received a bag of wool out of a boat - I do not know whether it was a lug-boat - I took it to Mr. Bell's house, (the prisoner,) it is up in Old-street, and down by some church - I do not know the name of the street - I arrived there a little after nine o'clock - I saw the prisoner there - he did not say any thing to me, but helped us with the bale into the house - the prisoner was in his shirt sleeves - the bale was between eight and nine feet long - I saw something appearing through it, which appeared to be wool or flock - I thought it was wool.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Who was with you? A. The person who came and hired me - I should know the man if I saw him - it was in the same sort of case as these bags here, but it was more packed; and neater than these are.
WILLIAM PARR re-examined. Q. What time did you go on the lock that morning? A. At two o'clock, and I stayed till eight o'clock - I do not think there was any other boat went up - there were barges.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KEMP
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Pickford, wharfingers, in the City Road. On the 12th of February, three small bags of wool were brought to our wharf, about ten minutes past one o'clock; two came on a truck first, and one came afterwards - the prisoner, Mr. Bell, came with the last, and another person with him - the prisoner wished me to weigh the bags for him, which I did, which is not usual to do when the freight is not paid - but we do it as a favour - they weighed 5cwt. and 6lbs. - I saw they contained wool, and I saw it was not British wool - I saw it through a place which was not sewn up - the bags were not of equal size - I see bales of wool every day - these bags were not packed up as bags of wool are usually packed - they were not sewn as if by a wool-packer - Mr. Bell asked me to let them remain till the next day, and he then came, and gave me the consignment - "three small bags of wool, for Mr. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Dufton
               



            , Leeds, from Mr. Lufton, John Bell" - these are the bags which were sent off.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know the prisoner before? A. Yes; I had seen him several times in the way of business - I saw no concealment about him - any one could see the wool in these bags, they were not finished sewing - I had not received any wool of Mr. Bell before - I had received strips of cloth, and gun cases.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Have you his residence in your book? A. Yes; "John Bell, of Old-street" - I asked him his address, and he gave me this, which is our general way.


                  JAMES 
                  SKILLMAN
               



            . I am a porter at Messrs. Pickford's wharf. I saw the prisoner there on Wednesday, the 12th of February, when these bags were brought on a truck - there was a hole in one of the bags, and I saw wool in it- the hole was sewed up, by Mr. Bell's desire - I saw him again the next day - he asked me if they could lay there three or four days or a week, or if there was a boat going, that we could send them off directly - he followed me down the stairs, and I asked the porter who was shipping at the scale, if he was shipping any thing for Leeds - he said,the boat for Leeds was not in, but he would call it in, and he did, and shipped the three bags in it - at Mr. Bell's request, I marked the bags Nos. 1, 2, and 3, and a D with L under it; and they were consigned to Mr. Dufton, of Leeds - they were shipped on board the Conqueror, Captain James Simpson - they appeared to me to be like one bag, cut into three parts, and they were packed clumsily.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did they appear to be like one rough bag cut into three smooth ones? A. No; they were different qualities of case - they appeared to be one cut into three - I did not see the consignment - Mr. Bell, said to me, if I would ship them directly, he would give me 1s.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You have said the bags had the appearance of different qualities cut out of one bag? A. It is different qualities, some of it is like sacking, and some like the regular bags.
Q. Will you tell us what you mean by one bag cut into three? A. It appears that the wool has been taken out and sewed up in separate bags - bags of wool are of a certain weight; but I do not weigh them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BREED
               



            . I am porter at the shipping scale, at Pickford's wharf - I remember these three bags of wool being weighed to be shipped to Leeds - they weighed as follows: - No. 1 - 1 cwt. 2 qrs. 14 lbs. - No. 2 - 1 cwt. 3 qrs. 7 lbs. - No. 3 - 1 cwt. 2 qrs. 4 lbs. Total - 4 cwt. 3 qrs. 25 lbs. or 557 lbs. I have been in the habit of weighing bags of wool; they are all weights from 1 cwt. to 8 cwt.


                  JAMES 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I am a boatman in Messrs. Pickford's employ - my boat is the Conqueror. On some day in February, I took these three bags of wool from their wharf to Leeds - I got as far as Huddersfield when it was stopped by the officer - it had not been out of my possession.


                  THOMAS 
                  RAYSON
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Robert John Smith and Mr. Duff - they are the proprietors of Galley-quay, and take in goods as wharfingers - I remember eight bales of wool being taken in on the 11th of February, and on the next day, between three and four o'clock, I heard that one was missing - I examined the bales which were left, and one was missing - I do not know the number of it, but it had a triangle on it, with a circle at each corner - I went with Lee the officer to Mr. Bell's house, No. 16, Provost-street, City-road - that street does not lead directly into Old-street - we went about six o'clock in the evening of Thursday - the prisoner was not at home - we waited about a quarter of an hour - the prisoner came in, and either the officer or I asked him if he had had a bale of wool yesterday - he said he had not; and he asked Lee by what authority we were in his house; and if he had a warrant - he said he had been an officer himself, and his house ought not to be searched without some authority - Lee then showed his staff of office, and put several questions to him - I stated that I had lost a bale of wool - he asked if I was the prosecutor - I said I represented the prosecutors or the proprietors, I do not know which, but I think it was proprietors - the prisoner said he did not know it was stolen - I asked him from whom he bought it, but he did not make any answer to that - I asked him whether he paid for it by a cheque or by cash - he said he paid for it by a £50 note, and received a shilling back - he said he had no invoice, and had not entered it in his book - I asked him if he weighed it; and he said he had, and it weighed 549lbs. - I said, "You seem to have a specific weight: where did you weigh it? I do not see any scales"- he did not answer that question - I asked him where the bale of wool was - he did not answer - I then asked him if he had sold it - he said, "No" - I then said, "As you can give no satisfactory account from whom you bought it, or what you have done with it, it will be my duty to give you into custody" - he then said he would pay for the wool, and pay the officer his expenses, rather than be taken into custody - I said I could listen to no compromise; if he had bought it fairly, he could have no objection to state from whom he bought it - he then turned to Lee, and said,"You know him; I have not seen him before for six months" - we had left Wells outside, but after Mr. Bell had refused all knowledge of the bale of wool, we brought Wells in and confronted them - I said, "Do you know this gentleman, boy?" - Wells said, "Yes; that is the gentleman who helped me into the passage with the bale of wool yesterday" - the prisoner then said, "Yes, I did buy a bale of wool yesterday."
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. It was after you told him that the bale of wool had been stolen, that he said, whatever wool he had bought, he did not know had been stolen? A. Yes; I said we came to inquire after a bale of wool that had been stolen; but Lee said, "Have you bought a bag of German skin-wool?" - the subject of the mark was never mentioned - I should rather think that is not an ordinary kind of wool - there may be some in the market, but no great quantity, in proportion to the general quantity of wool; but I do not examine the wool - we do not hear of German skin-wool in nine cases out of ten - there may be thousands of pounds of it in the market - I know nothing about the price of German skin-wool; but Mr. Bell said, "I have given 1s. 10 1/2d. for this: I shall not get a half-penny a pound by it."


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer. I was employed to go with Mr. Rayson to the prisoner - Wells went with us - Mr. Rayson went in first, and I went in afterwards - when we had waited about ten minutes, the prisoner came and knocked at the door - Mrs. Bell opened it, and said, "My dear, there are some officers here about some wool" - I was behind her - I asked him if his name was Bell - he said "Yes" - I said I wanted to speak to him - I then told him I called about a bale of wool that was brought to his house yesterday - he said, by what authority did I come: had I a warrant - I said "No;" but I told him my name, and what office I belonged to - I did not produce my staff - I then asked if he had received any wool - he said "No" - I asked him again; and he repeated two or three times that he had not - I told him to be particular - I then called Wells in, and said to him, "Do you know this person?" pointing to the prisoner - he said "Yes; that is the gentleman who assisted in taking in the bale of wool, and putting it down in the passage" - I said, "What do you say to that, Mr. Bell?" - he looked very earnestly at Wells, and then said, "Yes, I recollect that boy yesterday" - he then said that he had bought a bale of wool - Mr. Rayson then asked if he had an invoice of it - he said "No" - Iasked him repeatedly who he bought it of - he said he had not seen the person before for six months - I asked his name, and where he lived; but he would not give any answer - he said he would not answer any more questions without the advice of his solicitor, as it might implicate himself - he then asked what was the matter about this wool - Mr. Rayson said it had been stolen - the prisoner asked if it belonged to him - he said "No," he represented the person to whom it belonged - he said he did not wish anybody to lose any thing by him - that he bought it very dear, and should not get a penny a pound by it; and he would pay the value, and pay the officer's expenses - Mr. Rayson said he could not hold out any promise, or undertake any thing of that kind - in going along in the coach, Mr. Bell said the wool had gone a long way into the country; but he did not say where - after he was in custody, I went on the Friday morning into the neighbourhood of his house, and in consequence of information, I went to Pickford's wharf, and from thence to Huddersfield, where I found this wool in a boat - I searched the prisoner's house the night I took him, and there were several pieces of canvass, which I took up and put on a chair till the morning - I then went again, and they were gone; but I found some sweepings of wool, which I have here - I searched the prisoner to see if he had any documents of wool going away, and he had not.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. When did you go to search the prisoner? A. On the Friday, at Clerkenwell prison, to see if he had any papers relative to the wool which had been sent to Pickford's - that was all I went for- I did not go there to see what I could get out of him - I had no such intention - Mr. Rayson and Mr. Smith were with me - we were going to Pickford's in the early part of the morning, and we called there first - I did not go to ask him any questions, nor I do not believe the others did - there was some conversation between Mr. Bell and Mr. Smith - I did not put any question to him - I know my duty better than that - the reason I had not searched him before he was in prison was, I had not discovered where the wool was - I did not ask him if there was any body in the neighbourhood to whom he could refer me - I did not ask him about Mr. Marson - I heard Mr. Marson's name mentioned, but I do not recollect by whom - I went to Mr. Marson in consequence of something I heard - I will swear I did not ask the prisoner where to find Mr. Marson - I know nothing of Mr. Marson - the prisoner did mention something about Mr. Marson - he talked a great deal.
Q. Do you recollect the words the prisoner made use of when he came to his home? A. I asked if his name was Bell - he said "Yes" - I then said I came about a bale of wool that had been brought to his house yesterday - I did not give him any other description of the article that was lost - I did not say German skin wool - if I had used such words, I must have recollected it - I did not produce my staff - if Mr. Rayson has sworn I did, he must be mistaken - there was a great deal of confusion at the time with Mr. Bell- I went to Mr. Marson's, but I think Mr. Rayson went before I did - I made some inquiries in the neighbourhood.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MARSON
               



            . I am a wool-broker, and live in Basinghall-street. I know the prisoner - I saw him on the 12th of February, about one o'clock - he came to me as I was in the White Hart, Bell Alley, taking dinner - he produced a small sample of German skin wool, and wished me to purchase it - he asked 2s. 2d. a pound for it - I objected to that price - he then offered it at 2s. 1d. - I said I was not a buyer at all - he then asked if I would take it at 2s. - I said the market was very flat, and I would have nothing to do with it - I saw him again the next day, and he said he had sent the wool off on speculation - he said he had about 5 cwt. of it - I have seen the wool produced by the officer, it was of a similar description to this.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Does wool change its colour? A. Not particularly - I have known the prisoner four or five years - there was no appearance of concealment in this matter - it is impossible to tell the price of German skin wool - it differs in every sample - when I saw this wool at Lambeth-street office, I thought it worth 2s. 6d., a pound - it has now fallen considerably - I saw the sample the prisoner produced - I do not know that that was the same - 1s. 10d., was certainly a very reasonable price, for what I saw - if I had wanted wool, I should have had no objection to have bought of the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNETT
               



            . I am a clerk to Messrs. John Cooper and Spratt. We received nine bales of wool which had been conveyed from Hamburgh - we ought to have received 10 - this is the bill of lading - the Nos. are No. 201, 202, 203, 204, 205, 206, 207, 208, 209, 210; seven of these were marked with a triangle, and loops at the end, and three with a plain triangle - we only received six with a triangle and loops to it - the number of the one missing was 207 - the weight of that was 535lbs. Hamburgh weight, but we generally add about 7 per cent. to the Hamburgh weight which would be 35lbs. more - here is a piece on one of these bags which seems to correspond with the wrapper of the following number - we received the bill of lading from Mr. Forgess, on the 11th of February, with a desire that we should enter them, and clear them from the Custom-house- I made an entry at the Custom-house, and the wools were landed from the vessel - the endorsement on this bill is Mr. Barr's - we expected ten bales. and we received nine- if there should have been only landed at Galley Quay, six with the triangles and circles, and three with the triangles only that would be nine, the exact number we received - if six and three were all that were landed, that would be all we could receive.


                  WILLIAM 
                  AUSTIN FOSSETT
               



            . I am a lighterman. On the 11th of February I had a lug-boat moored at Galley Quay in the evening, and on the following morning I missed it - I had given no permission to any one to take it away - she was afterwards found at Limehouse abandoned - she was a lug-boat of about twelve tons burden - she would hold a dozen bales of wool, or more than that - my name was on it, and the number, and "Galley Quay."
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were the words"Legal quay," on your boat? A. No.
MR. BODKIN. Q. What were the words? A."William Fossett, Galley Quay, No. 7." - Galley Quay is a legal quay - it is known as such.


                  JOHN 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Fossett. I went in search of his boat, and found her a short distance from Limehouse-cut, on the 13th of February.

MR. BODKIN to JOHN BARNETT. Q. Do you know whether any other bales were landed for you the day afterwards? A. Yes, I saw them landed - my evidence applied to the total number we received from the Belfast.
WILLIAM JOYCE re-examined. Q. How many bales from the Belfast were landed on the 11th? A. Five with the triangles and circles, and some the day afterwards.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. What time on the next day were they landed? A. About one or two o'clock- I did not see them taken away - there were two came the following day - I did state on my examination before that on the 11th of February, only fourteen were landed.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Have you any notes? A. Yes; these are them; here is eight on one, and seven on the other - I did not before swear there were only fourteen.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DUFTON
               



            . I am a woollen-manufacturer at Leeds. I did not expect any wool from the prisoner on the 11th of February - I had no advice of it.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know Mr. Lupton? A. Yes; I should have taken wool from him at any time, if it suited me.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Should you have expected some advice? A. Yes, and I had no advice of any at that time.
COURT. Q. Do you receive from some of your correspondents goods without advice? A. No; I never did in my life from anybody, without I had some advice of them - I did not receive two bags within a week of the time these were sent without any advice - I have not received any thing from Mr. Lupton this year - I think I did in December - he sent the wool down, and it laid there a week - he then sent me advice that if I liked it at a certain price, I might keep it.(
               
                  Abraham 
                  Riddiford
               



            , woollen-draper, Basinghall-street; 
               
                  James 
                  Chamberlain
               



            , Ball's-pond; 
               
                  Mark 
                  Hagar
               



            , slopseller, Bath-street, St. Luke's; 
               
                  Jeremiah 
                  Ramplin
               



            , coffee-house keeper, Shoreditch; 
               
                  James 
                  Jiggers
               



            , a draper, Newcastle-street, Strand; 
               
                  James 
                  James
               



            , tailor, Provost-street, City-road; 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Ladbroke
               



            , woollen-draper, No. 60, Wood-street, Cheapside; 
               Mrs. Underwood
            ; 
               
                  Lydia 
                  Anderson
               



            , Suffolk-street, Cornwall-road; 
               
                  Susan 
                  Rumball
               



            , Radnor-street; 
               
                  William 
                  Nash
               



            , furrier, Southwark-bridge; 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Hall
               



            , Aldersgate-street, and 
               
                  Maria 
                  Ward
               



            , Eagle Inn, Gravesend, gave the prisoner a good character.)




               GUILTY. Aged 53. - Recommended to mercy by the Jury
            . - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
