



1430. 




WILLIAM POTTER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
31st of May, 1 phaeton, value 20l., the goods. of 



John Safery Hayward.






JOHN SAPFERY HAYWARD
. I am a coach-builder, and live in Orange-street, Canterbury. The prisoner came to me on the 25th or 26th of May, for the purpose of hiring a carriage—he had, on the 27th of May, a headed phaeton—he was to pay 20l. for the use of it for twelve months—I had never seen him before—an agreement was signed for that purpose, and he took away the phaeton with a horse—I have seen the same phaeton at Mr. Hooper's, in Claremont Mews—I saw the prisoner at the mews the morning after I saw the phaeton, and accused him of its being offered for

sale—(when he hired it, he said he was a livery-stable keeper, and lived at Walmer, near Deal—I have been there, and he has no stable or premises there)—when I met him I asked him if he was not the person who hired a carriage of me—he said he was—I said it was for sale—he denied it—I said it was, and I could have bought it that morning—he said he had hired it for twelve months.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q, Did you not see him enter the mews? A. Yes; he came in, and I asked him if he was not the man—he was not bound to keep the phaeton at Walmer—I was to be liable to the usual wear and tear—I agreed to let it him for twelve months—it was to be paid for quarterly, in advance, but he did not pay me the money; he put me off—I did not expect it back before twelve months had expired.





JAMES BROOKER
. I am a livery-stable keeper, at Claremont-mews Clerkenwell. The prisoner came there on the 28th of May—he brought this phaeton there—he did not say any thing about parting with it then; but on the Saturday afterwards, about nine o'clock, I saw him again—I asked him if it was to be disposed of, as I wanted something of the Kind myself—he said if he did sell it, he should want 35l. for it, but he should rather change it for a landau—I had seen him before, when he came about buying my business.

Cross-examined, Q, Had you known him to be in this line of business? A. Yes; that was the reason why I asked him about buying this—he told me a month or six weeks before, that he kept a fly, at Walmer.





NATHAN PEEK
. I am in the employ of Mr. Peek, in Worship-street The prisoner came to me on the 30th of May, and said he had a phaeton which he wanted to change away—I went to Claremont-mews, and saw the phaeton—he wanted to exchange it for one of our flys—he said he thought it was worth 35l—I laid it was not worth near so much to me, in a way of exchange.





ANN BENTLEY
. I live at Walmer. The prisoner came and lived with me on the 11th of May last—he left me on the 27th, to come to town—he kept a stable there the latter end of last year.

Cross-examined, Q, Then he lived there? A. Yes; he came there then to settle some business—he was not a constant resident there.





JOHN ABRAHAM THOMPSON
. I am an inspector of police., I took the prisoner.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
