



1791. 




JOHN SMITH
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Hagger, on the 
28th of July, at 
Edmonton, and stealing therein 1 cost, value 20s.; 2 pair of trowsers, value 25s.; 1 waistcoat, value 4s.; 2 pair of shoes, value 8s.; value 3s.; 1 shawl, value 12s.; 2 necklaces, value 1s.; and 1 gown, value 5s.; his property.






JAMES HAGGER
. I am a labourer, and live in the parish of Edmonton. I rent a cottage there—on the 28th of July it was broken open—I left at about seven o'clock in the morning—I left nobody in it—I fastened it; I locked the doof, and took the key with me—the windows were both fast—I returned at about seven o'clock at night, and found a square of glass taken out of the window, which was half open, and the door burst open inside—the neighbours had alarmed me before I got to the house—I missed the property stated in the indictment—I had seen them safe that morning, before I went out—I gave information to the policeman—I saw the prisoner pass me on the 8th of August, as I was at work, with one of

my handkerchiefs round his neck, at four o'clock in the afternoon, in the Green-lanes, and gave information—George went after him and took him.





JAMES GEORGE
. I am a Bow-street patrol. I received information from the prosecutor, on the 8th of August, and went in search of the prisoner—I met him in the Green-lanes inthe afternoon, and apprehended him—I told him he was accused of robbing a coottage—I saw a handkerchief on his neck which answered the description of one the prosecutor lost; and the prosecutor came up and identified it.





ELIZA LAWRANCE
. I am nearly fourteen years old, and am the daughter of Mrs. Lawrance, who lives on Bowl Green, Edmonton. On Tuesday, the 28th of July, about three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to my mother's house and asked for some water to drink—I gave him some; he drank it and went away—he had nothing with him then—I saw him again about half-past three o'clock, with a bundle; not a very large one—it was wrapped in a cross-barred light handkerchief—my mother's house is about 150 yards from the prosecutor's—when he left our house he went towards Hagger's house, and when he had the bundle he was coming from there—I did not know him before—I am sure he is the person—I am quite certain of him.





ELIZABETH PIERCE
. I am the wife of Thomas Pierce. On Tuesday, the 28th of July, about one o'clock, I saw the prisoner lying on the river bank, about forty yards from Hagger's—I am sure it was the prisoner—I saw his features as I passed—I said before the Magistrate that it was a man of the same dress.





JAMES HAGGER

re-examined. I know this handkerchief by the holes in the middle—I had had it about three years—I am certain it is one of the things stolen that day.

Prisoner's Defence. When the officer took me I was in the main road—he said, "Halloo, let me look at the shoes you have on your feet"—I asked what he wanted with them—he said he wnated to look at them—I took them off, and that man came over and said, "Let me look at that handkerchief"—he looked at it, and said, "It is mine," and the officer pur it into his month to say right down that it was his; and on the Monday morning, when we had a hearing before the Magistrate, the girl and woman said I was like the man, and the clothes were like mine—the officer pur in into their mouths that they must say that it was me—I was never in the place in my life, and do not know where it is.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

