





277. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ANDERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dalziell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN DALZIELL. I live in Lisson-grove. On the 7th of December I was at the Court of King's Bench


, and lost this handkerchief out of my pocket.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see a man in a brown coat near you? A. Yes, about half an hour before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RAYNOR
               



            , JUN. I live in Gardner's-lane, Kingston. I was in the Court of King's Bench on the 7th of December; I saw the prosecutor there - the prisoner was standing behind him; I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket, and put it into his own hat - he then passed me- I touched the prosecutor, and when the prisoner got to the curtains he attempted to run, but I followed, and caught hold of his arm; I told him to stop - he said, "What have I done?" he turned over his hat, and the handkerchief fell out - I called my father, who took him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see a man in a brown coat? A. Yes; I did not know him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RAYNOR
               



            , SEN. (Police-constable A 70). I was in the Court, and took the prisoner - he said he had not done any thing; this handkerchief was given to me.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I stood an hour and a half there - as I was coming out a man came behind me with a brown coat on; this young man then said, "I think you have taken a gentleman's handkerchief;" I said I had not - the man in the brown coat then dropped this handkerchief, and went away - the witness left me, and went for the usher; I might have gone away - when the officer took me, he said he knew the man in the brown coat to be a thief, and asked if I would tell him where he lived; I said I did not know - he said, "Well, there has been a robbery, and if you won't tell you must go."
WILLIAM RAYNOR, JUN. I am quite sure it was the prisoner picked the pocket, and when he came out he had his hat doubled up - when I took him he dropped the handkerchief from his hat; the man in the brown coat was two or three persons behind him.
WILLIAM RAYNOR, SEN. I know the man who had the brown coat on, but I had no conversation with the prisoner about him.



               GUILTY
            *. Aged 37. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
