





1723. 
               
                  
                     JOHN CHARLES FREDERICK 
                     HUNTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of August
, 1 compass, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        John Bartholomew 
                        Cowmeadow
                     



                  ; and 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John Edward 
                  Cowmeadow
               



            .


                  ANN 
                  COWMEADOW
               



            . I am the wife of John Edward Cowmeadow, a coal-merchant
, at Notting-hill grove, Kensington


. The prisoner came to our house one Sunday, about three weeks ago, to see my son, John Bartholomew Cowmeadow; this compass was in a work-box on the back parlour mantel-piece when he came - I saw it there the night before; he stopped about an hour - when he was gone we missed the compass and a pair of gloves from a drawer in the bed-room, which belonged to Ann Esther Cowmeadow; it was under my care.


                  EDWARD 
                  JAMES LEVY
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner between five and six o'clock the same evening - he had left the prosecutor's about ten in the morning; this pair of gloves was in his waistcoat pocket, and this bundle was at the Swan, at Kensington Gravel-pits, where he was stopped; I found 2l. 19s. on him - he said he knew nothing of any part of the property; he told me what he had done with the compass.


                  HUGH 
                  MCGANEY
               



            . On Sunday, the 21st of August, between three and four o'clock, I was in Praed-street, Edgware-road; I saw the prisoner standing, with some persons round, who said it was a shame he should be treated so - upon inquiry I found he had been into a shop for a pennyworth of curds and whey - that he said it was sour, and that the man of the shop had kicked him in the mud; he said he was going to Bayswater - I asked him to come to my house and have his clothes brushed; while he was there he seemed to take a great fancy to an opera-glass on my mantel-piece, and he offered me this compass in exchange for it - I gave him the opera-glass and a penknife for the compass; I gave the same compass to the officer.


                  JOHN 
                  BARTHOLOMEW COWMEADOW
               



            . The prisoner called that Sunday morning at our house - this compass was in the back parlour; it is mine - I did not see him go into that room, but I saw him in the room where the gloves were.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
