





762. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     TOLMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
, 2 silver tea-spoons, value 10s.; 11 copper moulds, value 11s.; 1 tin canister, value 1s.;2 iron spoons, value 6d., and 2 trowels, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charlotte 
                           Latouch
                        




                     
                  , her mistress
            .
HUGH BEARS. I was butler to Mrs. Charlotte Latouch, of Sussex-place, Regent's-park


 - the prisoner had been cook
 in the family for three days, and was discharged on the 17th of March, for being disorderly and in liquor.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LUXFORD
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the night of the 17th of March I found the prisoner at a quarter-past ten o'clock, leaning against some rails; I found a silver spoon in her pocket with a crest on it - she was drunk; I took her next morning to High-street, and the Magistrate ordered me to go and search her box; she gave me a wrong direction, but I found her place at No. 2, Little Park-street; she did not tell me it was her lodgings - and no person is here from the place: this is the spoon I found on her person.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Did you take 1l. 7s. from her? A. No.


                  HUGH 
                  BEARS
               



            . This is my mistress' spoon.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Is your mistress' married? A. She is a widow; her title is the Hon. Mrs. Latouch - it is her title in her own right, not derived from her husband; there was a person employed under the prisoner as charwoman - this was St. Patrick's day; she was in liquor, but able to walk about - she was not to say drunk; I did not perceive her to be in liquor till she came down from Mrs. Latouch - I did not understand that she gave notice to leave, in consequence of the service being too hard, till Mrs. Latouch told me to discharge her, and I went to ask for some money to discharge her, then Mrs. Latouch said, "I don't think I shall give her any thing, she gave me warning;" the plate is generally kept in the sideboard drawer - the tea-spoons were in the pantry; I do not know that this tea-spoon was left in some wash - it was my duty to take care of the plate; I do not know when I had seen this spoon before; I know it to be Mrs. Latouch's by the crest, which is a star, and I know the pattern.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for 14 Years
            .
