



1440. 




THOMAS HICKEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of May, 2 yards of silk, value 10s.; and 3 yards of quilting, value 5s.; the goods of 



John Meyer and others, his masters.






JAMES MEYER
. I am a tailor, and have two partners; we live in Conduit-street, Hanover-square. The prisoner was in our service twelve months—he was my servant—I paid him his wages—he was going to leave me on the evening of the 28th of May—in the course of that morning I called him up-stairs and said I had missed things, and had a suspicion he had taken them—he said he had not taken any things—I had heard there was an article in his possession which made me charge him with this—I said, "How came you by this piece of waistcoat stuff?"—he said he had taken it away—I asked him what had become of it—he said he had brought it back again—I asked him where it was, and he picked it up off the floor behind him, and gave it to me—this was in the back parlour, which we call the ware-room—I then said I should search his boxes before they went away—he gave me the key—I searched his box with the policeman, and found the three yards of quilting—I told him I suspected he had taken other things, which he denied—I asked where he took the quilting from—he said, from the back ware-room—it is mine—I have a piece exactly like it the two yards of silk belong to the firm—they are in two different lengths—I gave him in charge.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is not that jean? A. I could not call it jean—it is quilting—it is made of cotton—some people call it Marcellas.





WILLIAM HENRY MATTHEWS
. I am a policeman. I searched the prisoner's box at Mr. Mayer's on the 28th, and found this quilting.
(Joseph Langdon, carver, Noel-street; Joseph Willey, confectioner,

Leadenhall-street; Benjamin Whitaker, attorney's clerk, Crown-street; William Rourke, tailor, Great Chapel-street, Soho; John Virtue, carpenter, Newman-street, Oxford-street; Catherine May, Castle-street, Strand; and George Peacock, sword and dagger maker, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
 of stealing, but not as a servant. Aged 20.—Recommended to mercy.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.

