





2128. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of August
, 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 1 half-crown, and 1 shilling, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Neaves
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  NEAVES
               



            . I am a glass-cutter
, and lodge in King-street, Camden-town. I met the prisoner on the night of the 5th of August, and went with her to a room on the ground floor of a house in Harford-street


 - I paid half a crown for the room, and was to give her half a crown - I pulled out my money; I had two sovereigns, one half-sovereign, two half-crowns, and some shillings - I saw the sovereigns and shillings in my possession after I gave her the half-crown; I staid about half an hour, and left at a quarter before ten o'clock - as I passed the threshold of the door I missed a sovereign and a half-sovereign; I charged the prisoner with robbing me - she said she had no money but the half-crown I gave her, and any one might search her; I got the officer.
Prisoner. Q. Did you miss your money till you got out of the house? A. No - I had got out with the prisoner.


                  JOSEPH 
                  STANNARD
               



             (Police-constable E 56). I took the prisoner - she said she had nothing but the half-crown which the prosecutor gave her; I took her to the station, and a woman found the other money on her; she then said it was found on the sofa they had laid on in the room, andshe did not know whether it was the prosecutor's or any other person's.


                  ESTHER 
                  ALLICE LAST
               



            . I searched the prisoner at the watch-house, and found in her shoe one sovereign, one half-sovereign, one half-crown, one shilling, and one sixpence; she said at first that she had no money but the half-crown the gentleman gave her.
Prisoner. I said I had some money, but it was my own. Witness. No. you said you had not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
