




381. 




BRIDGET MURPHY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
26th of December, 2 sheets value 10s.; the goods of 



George Barrett Gooding, her master; and 




HANNAH LEE



for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statue, &c.







GEORGE BARRETT GOODING
. I live in Queen-street, Soho, and am a licensed victualler. Murphy lived with me about a fortnight, and left me the day after Christmas day—in consequence of something the policeman said, I searched about, and missed this pair of sheets—there is my name is full on them—these are the sheets which I missed—I do not know Lee at all.





SAMUEL BOWLES
. I am a police-constable. I had information, and went to Hannah Lee's last Thursday morning, the 31st of December, at No. 4, Cowheel-alley, Whitecross-street—I found her at home—I told her I had got information that she had a pair of sheets which did not belong to her—she said she had none but her own—I said, "Have you any persons lodging here?"—she said, "No one my children"—I said, "Had you not a young woman lodging here, who lived in Soho?"—she denied it—at last, a little boy said, "There was Biddy Murphy"—I then went to the prosecutor—I went and took Murphy, who acknowledged to me that she had taken a pair of sheets from the prosecutor—I took her to Lee's—she begged her to give them up—Lee said, "I have not got them; I put them down the gully-hole"—Murphy begged her to give them up—at last she said, "Stop, I will give them to you," and pulled them from the coal-hole, under some shavings and wood.

Lee's Defence. I stand in the street, and do not go home till very late—and one night this young woman was there—she brought the sheets with some dirty clothes—she told me they were her own—she then got a place in the Old Bailey—I came with her, and brought her box—I did not do any thing with the sheets—I left them there—I denied this to the policeman, but they were safe—I did not know but that they were her own—I have two children without a father.

MURPHY—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

LEE—


GUILTY
.† Aged 48.




Transported for Seven Years.
