





1250. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of April
, 2 stoves, value 3l., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Ginger
                     



                  ; and 5 locks, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Faith
                     



                  , and fixed to a building
            ; against the Statute.


                  EDWARD 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am an inspector of Police. On the 29th of April, at a quarter-past six o'clock in the morning, I was coming down Jubilee-place, Stepney -I saw the prisoner and another man, with each a stove; I followed them some distance, and asked where they were going to take them; they said they bought them at a sale, and were going to Brick-lane - they did not go that way, and I said I must take them to the station; they put down the stoves by the London-hospital, and the other man ran away, but I caught the prisoner.
Prisoner. I told him to ask the other man to give him an explanation, as I did not know where they were going. Witness. No, he only said it was right, and when I had him he made a desperate effort to escape - I caught the tail of the other man's coat, and he left it with me.
GEORGE FAITH. I have some houses at Stepney


. Mr. Ginger had left one of them, and asked me to let him leave these fixtures in the house.


                  HENRY 
                  GINGER
               



            . The house these stoves were taken from was let to me. I saw them all safe a few days after Lady-day, and I think I had called there on the 28th or 29th of April; they were then fixed, and the house was secure - I went a few days afterwards, and the lock of the street-door had been broken off, and the stoves were gone - I have no doubt these are the stoves; I know nothing of the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I met a man in the Commercial-road with these stoves; he asked me to help him with them to Brick-lane; when the officer stopped me he ran off; I ran and called after him, but the officer called me back.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
