







OLD COURT. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19TH.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
616. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     MAYCOCK
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BRAD-LEY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     METCALF
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hodges
                        




                     
                  , on the 1st of January
, and stealing therein 1 washing-tub, value 3s., 1 cask, value 4s., and 1 rabbit-hutch, value 3s., his property
            .


                  ANN 
                  HODGES
               



            . I am the wife of William Hodges, we live in Trevor-square, Knightsbridge


, and rent the house. I had been about seven weeks in the country, and had not seen the house for seven weeks; I returned home on the 9th of January, and missed these things - I had locked the house up, and left nobody in it; we still continued to rent it - I fastened it all up when I left, and on returning, the washhouse, which joins to the house, was broken open; there is no communication between that and the house without going into the yard - it is all under the same roof; there is a little back yard - there is an opening at the top, which they had got in at; it is always open, and when they got down there is a door which leads into the yard, and then they had taken the lock off - they did not break the house; I missed a washing-tub, a rabbit-hutch, some beer-casks, and a gridiron.


                  GEORGE 
                  HARMSWORTH
               



            . I live in the prosecutor's neighbourhood. On New-year's-day, in the afternoon, about four o'clock, I saw Maycock on the top of the archway, close by the yard; I saw him take a gridiron out of the wash-house and take it into a field - Bradley and Metcalf were with him; I saw them all three - I saw Metcalf alone two hours afterwards, carrying the washing-tub - they were all close to the house when they had the gridiron; there were four of them together, and at eight o'clock at night I saw Maycock carrying the beer-barrel.


                  JOHN 
                  LONDON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 13th of January I took the prisoners, Bradley and Maycock, at a coffee-shop, in company together; Metcalf I took two days after - he acknowledged being in company with the other two at the robbery; I did not ask him any questions, but he said he was with them when they broke into the place; and that the property was taken to Maycock's house, and that the washing tub and barrel were there, and the others were hid some where - I went to Maycock's house, but could not find the beer-barrel.
MAYCOCK - GUILTY. Aged 18.
BRADLEY - GUILTY. Aged 17.
METCALF - GUILTY. Aged 13.




               Of stealing only
            . - 




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
