




1475. 




THOMAS BRILL the younger and 




CHARLES LAMB
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
30th of May, 700lbs. weight of bark, value 30s., the goods of 



Ralph Deane.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY MEADOWS
. I am bailiff to Mr. Ralph Deane. He resides at Ruislip—in May last there was a quantity of oak bark, the fellings of some trees belonging to him—I had it removed to a barn kept by Thomas Brill the elder—there were seven cart loads—Mr. Dean's teams carried some, and some other people carried some—Charles Lamb assisted in unloading it—I saw him begin to unload it, and I paid him for it—the prisoner Thomas Brill's born is in the parish of Harefield, near the road side, about three miles from Mr. Deane's—Thomas Brill the elder's place is about three hundred or four hundred yards from the prisoner Brill's—I missed some bark from the barn on the 30th of May, about seven or eight hundred-weight—I and my son had put a mark upon it—from information I went to the tan yard of Mr. Norris in Brentford—that is about twelve miles from the residence of the prisoner Brill—I recognised the bark the moment I went in—I saw about seven hundred weight—it had the marks on it—the bark is here—it is Mr. Deanne's.





WILLIAM BRILL
. I am the cousin of the prisoner. On Wednesday the 5th of June, he came to me to engage me to carry a load of oak poles from Ruislip to Brentford—I agreed to do it—I was to go with my cart and fetch them, at two o'clock in the morning—I went between two and three o'clock—when I got to his house I saw him and Lamb—they shewed me what I was to carry—from its appearance it excited my suspicions—I did not like to load it and I did not—Brill loaded it, and Lamb gave it him up—it was bark like this—(looking at some bark produced)—after it was loaded I and Brill went with the cart to Brentford, to Mr. Norris—Lamb joined us there—I went to the Seven Stars to breakfast—and they came to me there—I went to the White Hart and left them there.





GEORGE NORRIS
. I am a tanner at Brentford. On the 5th of June the prisoner Brill came to ask if I would purchase a quantity of bark—I asked whose it was—he said it was a little lot of his own—I said if he would bring it I would give him a fair price—he brought it on Friday—I paid him 3l. 12s. 6d. for it—I was not up when they came—it came about five o'clock in the morning—it was put in a barn—I had fifteen hundred weight, one quarter.





HENRY MEADOWS

re-examined. Q. What is the value of that? A. About 4l. 15s. per ton.





WILLIAM BIRCH
. I am in the employ of Mr. Norris. This bark came between six and seven o'clock—William Brill and Thomas Brill brought it—Lamb came in just as we had done weighing it.





JOHN HAWKINS
. I was at the White Hart, West End—I saw the prisoners in the tap-room—I saw Brill give Lamb some money—and he said "That makes us all right."


Brill's Defence. On the last day of May, when this was delivered out of the barn, there was a little left in, and Lamb came and asked me to go with him and take it to Brentford—I went and sold it at Brentford—we went to the White Hart and parted the money.

Lamb's Defence. We were under Mr. Meadow's employ, and while we were gone with a load of bark, Brill took this bark out of the barn and put it into the racket house.





HENRY MEADOWS

re-examined. It was in the barn I am sure.

BRILL—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.

LAMB—


GUILTY
. Aged 38.




Transported for Seven Years.
