



1443. 




GEORGE BISSEL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of April, 1 watch, value 1l; 3 brooches, value 9s.; 1 ring, value 2s.; 2 ear-rings, value 3s.; 2 scent bottles, value 1s.; 1 stud, value 6d.; 2 waistcoats, value 3s.; and 1 pair of trowsers, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



John Goffe; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN GOFFE
. I am a plush weaver, and live at Hook Norton, in Oxfordshire. On the 18th of April I left my house at eight o'clock in the morning—I returned about eight o'clock in the evening—I found the house broken open, and missed these things and some others—the thieves must have got in at the window—the prisoner was at work in my shop when left in the morning, and absconded.





CHARLES JAMES MURRAY
. I am a constable of Uxbridge. I saw this

property advertised in the Hue and Cry—I was passing up Uxbridge as the 14th of May, and met the prisoner, and recognised him directly—I stopped him and asked what his name was—after some hesitation he said "Bissel"—I said, "You are the man I want, you are advertised in the Hue and Cry"—I took him to a public-house, and found on him a pass from the House of Correction, and his name to it—I then asked where the goods were—he said, he gave Mr. Gillet, of Friday-street, two duplicates, one for the watch, and one for the brooch and trinkets—I went to Mr. Gillet, who gave me the duplicate, and got the watch out and gave it to me.





JOHN KEYES
. I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pawned this watch on the 28th of April.





EDWARD GILLET
. I am a wine merchant in Friday-street. The prisoner has been employed by my brother in the country—he called on me about the 9th of May, stating that he had had nothing to eat all day, and had no money to get a night's lodging—I had just returned from the country, and had heard of the robbery—I said, I had a great mind to send for a policeman, and give him in charge—he said, he did not care—I the asked where the property was—he said he had pawned it—I asked for the duplicates, and he gave them me—I said, I should detain them, and sent him about his business, giving him a shilling—I gave the duplicates to my porter to get the things out.





GEORGE ELLCOCK
. I am porter to Mr. Gillet. I got this watch out of pawn.





WILLIAM HENRY NEAGLE
. I am a pawnbroker in Jermyn-street. On the 6th of May I received these three brooches and trinkets from the prisoner.





CHARLES PHILLIPS
. I am a clothes salesman. The prisoner brought a pair of trowsers and two waistcoats, and offered them for sale for 6s.—I gave him 5s.—the trowsers are sold again, but the waistcoats are here.





JOHN BIRCH
. I am a constable of Uxbridge. I went to Mr. Giilet's porter—he gave me the duplicate for these rings and brooches—I went and found them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)





WILLIAM THOMPSON
. I am the superintendent of the Banbury police. I got this certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from the clerk of the peace for Banbury—(read)—I was a witness on the trial—the prisoner is the person who was convicted.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Life.
