






1151. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MESSER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     LAKE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, 5 live tame fowls, price 20s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Eden
                  




               
            .
CHARLES EDEN. I live at Ealing


, and am a baker
. I missed five live tame fowls on the 17th of April - the lock of the hen-house door was broken, and the heads of the fowls were twisted off and left in the hen-house; - I knew both the prisoners - Messer is a carpenter
, and the other a labourer
; I took the heads of the fowls to the Police, and told them what had happened - they afterwards came and said they had got the fowls; I saw them, and knew they were mine.


                  THOMAS 
                  AXFORD
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I received information, and went to Messer's house - I knew where he lived: he was not at home, but I found a jacket with some spots of blood on it, which Messer had worn the previous evening - I found no fowls there, but I went to Phillips', and asked if Messer and Lake had been there the night before; he said they had - I said I must search his house; he said I might - I went into a little bed-room, turned up some pavement, and found three fowls without their heads; they seemed recently killed - I took them out, and afterwards took the prisoners.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMAS HALL
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I searched Messer's bed, and found this jacket, with the spots of blood on it - I then went to Phillips', where Messer had been seen at eleven o'clock the night before, and under another part of the room I found two fowls.
GEORGE WATE. I saw the two prisoners bring the fowls into Phillips' house, when I was having a pint of beer there, as I went home from work.
MESSER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
LAKE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
