






127. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of November

, 10 shawls, value 10l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Bowman
                        



                     
                   and another, his masters
            ; and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     EVESON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said goods, well knowing the same to have been stolen
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  CHARLES 
                  WALLER
               



             (City Policeman No. 71). On Friday, the 16th of November, I met Eveson on Holborn-hill with this bundle - I asked what he had got there; he said he would not tell me, and dared me to stop him in the street, for he was going on business - it was twelve o'clock in the day; I said I had some suspicion that the bundle was stolen, and he must go to the watch-house - he went a little way, then said he would not go, but I made him go; on getting there, before I opened the bundle, I asked him what was in it - he said shawls; I asked how many: he said he believed there were ten - I asked where he got them from; he said he brought them from a person named Hawkins, at No. 39, London-wall - I asked if they belonged to Hawkins; he said No - I asked if they belonged to himself; he said No - I asked where he was going to take them: he said no where - I asked if he hawked them about; he said No - I said, "Whose are they then?" he waited a few minutes, then said they were a person's named Harris, but he did not know the young man, nor his Christain name, nor where he was to be found; I asked what he was himself - he said he was a plumber and glazier out of employ; I then gave him into custody of a brother officer - I went to No. 39, London-wall, and saw Mrs. Hawkins, I went to the first floor room, and there found two small bits of paper, which I produce; I have kept them ever since - I brought the shawls to the prosecutor, and marked them before I parted with them at all; these are the same shawls.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. He first mentioned Hawkins? A. Yes; he afterwards said he did not have them from him.


                  JAMES 
                  STOGDEN
               



            . I was with Waller when he had the conversation with Eveson in Holborn; his evidence is correct.


                  DAVID 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a clerk to Messrs. Bowman and May, No. 15, Wood-street



, warehousemen
. Eveson came to the warehouse; the prisoner Harris has been porter
 to our firm nearly twelve months: Charles Waller had some conversation with me, in consequence of which, when Harris came in, I called him aside, and asked him what he had been doing - he kept wringing his hands, and seemed in very great agitation, and would not give me any answer; I pressed him, saying it was his duty to his employer who he had robbed, to give information where there was property, to say where it was to be got back - he at last said, "There are these things, I have been taking to London-wall;" I had not mentioned shawls to him - I asked him what things; he said shawls - nothing more was said about the shawls; he was given into custody.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Might not these things have been sold? A. We have no customers in London-wall; we sell wholesale - we sell as many as ten shawls at a time; I do not manage the shawl part of the concern.


                  GEORGE 
                  PERRY
               



            . I am a warehouseman to the prosecutors. I believe these shawls to be theirs; these two bits of paper have my hand-writing on them - I had affixed them on shawls of this description; I have not a doubt of the shawls having never been sold - here is a mark on the shawls where the marks have been gummed on.
Cross-examined. Q. Are the marks on the shawls? A. No.



                  RICHARD 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am a baker, and live in London-wall. The prisoner lodged on my first floor.
HARRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
EVESON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There were four other indictments against Harris.
