





806. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     HOWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of March
, 1 purse, value 6d.; 6 sovereigns, and 11 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           McKenzie
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  McKENZIE
               



            , I am a draper
, and live in Ivy-lane, Newgate-street. On the 24th of March, about a quarter-past eight o'clock, I was in Cheapside, going home; I had six sovereigns and eleven shillings in my purse, in my breeches pocket - I met the prisoner, and asked her where she was going, supposing her to be a woman of the town; I had never seen her before; I went with her to No. 3. Bromley's-buildings, Bread-street-hill


, and staid with her in a room alone for about a quarter of an hour; it was not a bed-room - there was a sofa there; I missed my purse before I left the room; I had not given her any thing - I charged her with taking it - the witness Long came in, and found the purse on her person; I saw it taken from her; I was sober - I swear she took the purse out of my pocket; I did not perceive it taken; she denied having it before it was found on her - I had not agreed to give her any money.
Prisoner. He gave me the purse - he had another gentleman in the room. Witness. A gentleman went with me, but did not go into the same room as I did; he went to another room in the house; I did not give her the purse or money - I told her if she delivered it up I would pay her handsomely; she said I made her laugh at my saying she had taken it.


                  MARY 
                  LONG
               



            . I had been a servant at this house for only one week. I did not see the prisoner and prosecutor come in - about nine o'clock my fellow staid there were two gentlemen and a lady in the parlour - I did not go in then; but when I went in I found two gentlemen and the prisoner; the prosecutor said he had lost his purse; his companion was then with him - he charged the prisoner with having taken it; she said she had not got it - he said if she delivered it up he would pay her a good compliment: I advised her to return it, but she denied having it - I found it concealed about her person; I do not wish to state where; McKenzie claimed it - I gave it to the officer, without looking at it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PURKISS
               



            . I am an officer. I was called to this house - I went into the room; there was a gentleman with Mr. McKenzie, Long, and another servant - Mc Kenzie said he had lost his purse, but they had searched the prisoner, and could not find it - I said, "Long must search her again;" she did so in my presence, and after taking off her clothes, she produced it from the prisoner's person - it contained six sovereigns and eleven shillings; I took her into custody.


                  JOHN 
                  McKENZIE
               



            . This is my purse.
Prisoner's Defence. I asked him for my money, and he gave me the purse - I did not know what was in it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
