





1637. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARRIOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 1st of December
, 1 carriage, called a landau-fly value 60l., and 1 set of harness, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Snow
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SNOW
               



            . I am a coach-maker
, and live in Wandsworth-road. On the 6th of October I let the prisoner a landau-fly and harness, at 15s. a week, for three months certain; I went at the expiration of the three months, to White Lion-street, Pentonville, which was the address he had given me, and stated himself to be a corn-chandler; this was in January; I found the house all in confusion, and heard nothing of the fly till I received this letter, dated the 7th of January (producing it) - I had seen the prisoner write, and believe the signature to be his, but not the letter.


                  HENRY 
                  AGATE
               



            . I know the prisoner, and have seen him write twice; I believe this letter to be his writing -(read.)
7th of January, Norwich.
SIR, - I am extremely sorry it was not in my power to honour my bill for 13l., due on Saturday; I fully expected to have met it, but being disappointed in getting money, and two fellows having run away deeply in my debt, have put it out of my power - my wife being so unwell, I cannot possibly come to town at present, but if you will give me a week or ten days, I shall be able to pay you, together with all charges; I have received a letter from my son, stating that you had called, and seemed surprised I was not there - I have to inform you, you have no occasion to be afraid of your money or property, it is my intention to pay you and every body else; I cannot at present return the fly or gig, for the fly is now on a job, and will not be home for a month, and the gig a traveller has - it will be home in a week, and I will return them to you; I did very little with them at first, and business has been very had of late - I send this letter by my son, who will put it into the post for you, and will thank you to send him an answer back; I have no doubt I shall be in town in ten days - my son's address is, No. 2, Mill-street, Pentonville.
MR. SNOW. I did not see the fly again till last June; I went to Mr. Bruin's, in Camberwell-road, in consequence of information, and found it there; I have not been allowed to take it away - I have never had it, nor been paid a farthing for the hire of it; I never authorised the prisoner to sell it.


                  HENRY 
                  AGATE
               



            . I am a clerk at Mr. Robinson's, horse and carriage repository, Little Britain. On the 1st of December the prisoner brought the landau-fly there for sale. and requested an advance; I lent him 15l. on it - he wanted more; the sale took place on the 4th of April - we kept it till then; it was not out on any job - it was sold to 
               
                  James 
                  Bruin
               



            , of Camberwell-road, for forty guineas; I paid the balance to a person representing herself to be the prisoner's wife - she brought this order, which I believe to be in his hand-writing - (read.)
April 5, 1831.
Please to pay the bearer the balance due for the carriage, and her receipt will be your discharge. J. MARRIOTT.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BATEMAN
               



            . I am a labourer at Claremontmews, Claremont-square, Clerkenwell. I was in the prisoner's service in November last, and remember his bringing a landau-fly and harness from Mr. Snow; he said he could buy and sell Mr. Snow for a pint of beer, and he would mace him out of it; this was the day he brought it home - he represented himself as a livery-stable keeper; I left him very shortly after the carriage came, and did not see him again till he was in custody, in August.
Prisoner. This witness knows I am no scholar, and can say it is not my hand-writing - he was not my servant, but a partner with my son, and pretty well the ruin of me; he absconded with two sovereigns - I have got his handwriting for it. Witness. He got a mare of mine, and sold it clandestinely - I was obliged to leave him; I have never been paid for it.


                  JOHN 
                  SNOW
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son. This carriage has never been brought back.


                  SAMUEL 
                  JEFFERSON
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoner in charge on the 15th of August - he said he was sorry he was wronging Snow out of his property, but hoped he should be able to make it good to him.
Prisoner. I had the carriage for a certain time, and for the hire of the stanhope I sent nine trusses of hay, which came to 1l. 2s. 6d., but Snow has never paid me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 46. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
