





1931. 
               
                  
                     NATHAN 
                     NATHAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving 2 pieces of woollen cloth, containing in length 40 yards, value 40l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas William 
                     Williamson
                  




               
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM COLLIS. In July last I was in the service of Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  William Williamson
               



            , a cloth-factor
, who lives in Lothbury. On the 13th of July he sent me out with some cloth, and I was to call at Mr. Rush's and receive two ends of black cloth, which were my master's property - they were worth from 40l. to 44l.; I was to bring them home to the warehouse; after I had got them from Mr. Rush, in Bridge-street, Westminster, I went to Adam-street, Adelphi, and there I, with another boy, put them into a coach, and drove to the prisoner's - we found him at home - he asked what we would take for the cloth; we said 30l. - he did not agree to that, and said he would give no more than 10l. 10s. for it - after some time we agreed to take the money; he asked where we got it, and we said, from Bridge-street, Westminster - we sold the cloth to him, and received the money from him; we did not go back to my master - we staid in London that day, and the next morning went down to Gravesend; at the last Session I stood where the prisoner does now - I was delivered to my master; there were marks on the cloth - Nathan said he would burn them, and he took hold of them and tore them off each end; they were the numbers of the cloths from my master's.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I suppose this is your first beginning in robbery? A. Yes, Sir - I had lived with my master two years; I had seen Nathan before this time, passing up and down the street, but had never spoken to him - I went with a boy, named Young, who is not here - I had known him three months and better; Farrell is a person who was likewise present when we took the cloths, but he was acquitted - I was in jail three months and a fortnight - after I had done it I thought it was harm to do it, but I did not think so before; I did not give it a thought - I never intended to go back to my master; I did not intend when I went out to sell the cloth to any one who would buy it- I thought the night before that I would not go back; it was a good heavy bale of cloth - the boy is not here; Iam sure the prisoner is the same man - I was in the house with him ten minutes or a quarter of an hour; I slept that night at a lodging house, in Bunhill-row - there was one or two females in it; I had been there once before to call for a boy. who lived there - I was in prison five days after my trial.


                  MAJOR 
                  BUSKIN
               



            . I am a hackney-coachman; my coach was in the Adelphi; two boys came, and hired it to take this cloth to Whitecross-street - I went to the corner of Shrewsbury-court


; this boy was convicted of stealing it at the last Session, but I took no notice of him at the time.


                  JAMES 
                  SWAINE
               



            . I am a butcher, and live at the corner of Shrewsbury-court - I know the prisoner's house. On the 13th of July I saw the coachman stop against my shop door, and this boy brought out the cloth - Nathan's house is fifty or sixty yards from mine; I went up the court, having some suspicion, and I saw them take it to a house opposite the house in which Nathan then lived - I went into a water-closet adjoining, which has a window, which looks into the yard of the house they went into - I heard some boy say, "Forty-pounds," and I heard Nathan say, "Ten-pounds;" I knew his voice, and am sure it was him.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you went and gave information? A. I did, when I received information of some cloth being lost from Mr. Brand - I had some suspicion it was stolen; I did not go to any Police-office - I am sure it was 40l. I heard; I am positive of that - it was not 30l.; I do not know about getting any expences; I am subpoenaed to come here - I never said that Nathan did not buy the cloth - I have heard him say he never bought it; I do not know that he did buy it - I will not positively swear that I never said to any body he did not buy the cloth - I never said, "Where is the use of my coming to give evidence when I can say nothing whatever about the transaction;" I never said so to an officer, nor ever said, "I can be on my oath Nathan did not buy it" - I did not go to Mrs. Nathan and say so; I did not go to her house and get drink since this trial - I had prior to it; I never went in after the day in question to my knowledge; I do not recollect that I did - I cannot say whether I did or not; I have drank in the house several times; I am sure it was not to myself that it was sold - I was not sure it was stolen, I only suspected it - I could not leave my business on any consideration.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRAND
               



            . I am a marshalsman. I heard of the loss of this cloth - I went to the prosecutor's house, and saw this boy; I think it was on the 17th of July - Collis then made a disclosure; I went to the prisoner's house some hours after - he was not at home; I did not find the cloth; I made several inquiries, but could not find the prisoner any where.
Cross-examined. Q. Is he a man who goes about the country selling fruit? A. So I am informed; I was told he was in the country - I have heard he came of his own accord, and gave himself up - he surrendered to Waters; Swaine never told me that Nathan did not buy the cloth - he said he had suspicion it was stolen, and heard Nathan's voice.


                  THOMAS 
                  WATERS
               



            . I am an officer. I went to seek the prisoner, but could not find him.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I went in company with Waters repeatedly, but could not find him - he then sent a boy to say he wanted to see me; I went to the Curtain-road, and when he saw me, he ran away - at last Watersaw him near the office, and took him in.


                  JAMES 
                  GILL
               



            . I am warehouseman to the prosecutors. This cloth was his property, and was worth from 40l. to 45l - it was got from Mr. Rush, and has not been found since.
Prisoner's Defence. I travel the country with fruit; I never saw Collis in all my life, and never had any dealings with him for any cloth; I live at No. 12, and the cloth never came to any part of my premises; the house it went into is let out in furnished lodgings - I never received it.


                  CATHERINE 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I was servant to the prisoner - he left home on the 16th of July to go into the country, with salmon, fruit, and oranges; the butcher came into the house on the 16th, and said there had been two gentlemen inquiring about some cloth, and he told them he could be on his oath that Mr. Nathan knew nothing about it - he came again in ten minutes, and said two gentlemen brought a paper for him to go up, but he should not, as he knew nothing at all about it - he gave me half a crown, and I fetched a quartern and a half of gin from the Two Brewers, at the corner of Playhouse-yard; it must have been on the 17th he came - I could not see the paper, because it was between the lights; Mrs. Nathan did not say any thing to him.


                  JAMES 
                  SWAINE
               



            . That is not true; I do not think he has been in the country at all - I have seen him repeatedly; I have not drank in the house since, but I have prior to it - I never gave her half a crown; Mr. Brand and another gentleman came to my house, and that was the first time I knew it was stolen - I left their company when I found what they were.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
