






626. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ROSE
               




             and 
               
                  ISAAC 
                  STOKES
               




             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Hunt
                     




                  , about the hour of ten o'clock in the night, on the 22d of March
, at the precinct of Whitefriars


, and burglariously stealing therein 2 fowls, value 3s., his goods
            .
2nd COUNT. Stating it to be the dwelling-house of Wm. Hunt and others.
WILLIAM HUNT. I live at No. 14, Lombard-street, Fleet-street


. On the 22nd of March, I heard a noise in the yard, against the area window - I keep fowls in the cellar of my house - I looked out of the window, and saw the prisoners pulling up a stone in the yard - I thought at first it was one of my lodgers, and suspected nothing - I let it be for ten minutes - I then heard the fowls making a noise- I ran down the yard with a light, and called to the prisoners to come up, seeing them both down in the cellar - I called an officer, and they came out of the cellar, which they had broken into - it had been fastened before - they had entered it, by pulling off two iron bars, which run under the stone - they had lifted the stone - the bars secured and fenced in the area - nobody could have entered without breaking the bars - as long as the bars and stone were undisturbed, nobody could enter - they were lifted up and removed; when I called the prisoners up they came up the same way as they went down - I ran to the front door and shut them in - I kept them in the passage, and got an officer to take them - I found two fowls killed; one had his head nearly pulled off, and the other was kicking, dying - they must have been taken from the roost - the house is let out in different tenements - the landlord does not live on the premises - each person has their apartment - there is one common access from the street - there is no way of getting from my apartment to the cellar, without coming down the common staircase - the cellar is entirely in my own occupation - I have a lock and key to it; but it has no internal communication with my lodging room - I go down the common staircase to it - it is below the parlour floor - the doorway is opposite the staircase - I keep tools in the cellar belonging to my business- the ground floor is between my part and the cellar, without any internal communication - the cellar is under the bulk-head of the staircase - the yard is common to all the house - the cellar is below the ground floor room - I found two of my fowls lying in the cellar - they were perfectly safe, an hour previously, at roost - the house is in the precinct of Whitefriars.
Rose. Q. Where were you when you saw me in the cellar? A. In the yard - I held the candle down, and saw both of you - I saw your faces; and saw you both come up out of the cellar - you had no light, but I had a light in my hand.
COURT. Q. What time was it? A. About half-past ten at night, when I first heard the noise - I found them there about ten minutes after.
Stokes. Q. Do you say you saw me in the cellar? A. Yes, I did; I saw you sitting in a chair by the cellar window - I told you to come up, and you looked up at me; and seeing two of you, I called to my wife to call for assistance, thinking you too much for me - I went and held the front door, and called for assistance - the officer came and took you both in the passage - I was down in the cellar two minutes afterwards, and saw an Irishman collar you- I saw you both there, and when I got to the watch-house with the fowls, you were both there in custody.


                  GEORGE 
                  SHARPE
               



            . I am an officer. I heard a cry of"Watch," and ran to No. 14, Lombard-street - I entered the passage, and saw the prosecutor struggling with the prisoner - I collared Rose and took him to the watch-house- Stokes was brought to the watch-house by an Irishman,(I believe,) whose master would not allow him to give evidence - I afterwards went into the cellar - I do not know exactly who it was took the other prisoner - I am sure I found both the prisoners struggling in the passage with the prosecutor - when I got into the cellar, the two fowls laid there - one was dead - they were both warm - the dead one had been very recently killed - I know this house - Hunt lives on the one-pair, and has a flight of stairs to come down, and contiguous to the yard door, (at the further end of the passage, quite away from the street door,) is the cellar door- he turns to his right hand, and the cellar door is right under the stairs - that door leads nowhere but to his cellar- I found this poker in the cellar, and this bag - I found a tinder-box on Rose, and some matches on Stokes.
Rose's Defence. I had been out drinking, and was rather intoxicated - the street door being opened, as I suppose, I must have fallen into the passage - all I recollect is falling into the door.
Stokes's Defence. I was coming up the street between ten and eleven o'clock - I saw people going towards the watch-house - I walked down, and walked into the watch-house - the watch-house keeper asked what business I had there - I said, "I do not know, I have come in to see the man" - one or two said, "Oh, I suppose you know him." I said, "I have no knowledge of him" - the watch-house keeper said,"I shall take and search you" - I had bought one half-penny worth of matches that evening, and when I came home I took them out, but one or two might have fallen out in my pocket from the bundle.
GEORGE SHARPE re-examined. The street door was shut, and the prosecutor holding it with one hand, and scuffling with the prisoner - I do not know who brought Stoke"- I did not see Stokes in custody till I saw him at the watch-house - how he got there I do not know, but I am positive he was one of the men in the passage, and whom the prosecutor was keeping in - I did not know him at first sight, when I first went in with Rose my attention being taken from him - my attention was not taken off him in the passage, it was afterwards - I am positive he was one of the two men in the passage.
WILLIAM HUNT re-examined. The bars were secured by being underneath the stone.
JURY. Q. Was the passage door closed or open at the time? Witness. I cannot answer the question myself.
COURT. Q. Which way did they come out of the cellar? A. Through the hole they had made to go down - there are stairs leading down within the cellar door, into the cellar - they did not come out that way, but out of the hole they had made, which is outside the house - they came out into the yard, not into the passage - they came into the passage at the yard door - the yard is at the back of the house - they got through the bars in the yard, but before they got into the yard, they must have come in at the front door through the house to get to the bars - they must have come out of the yard, into the passage from the cellar to get out, but I secured them by shutting the street door - the street door is generally shut on the latch.
ROSE - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
STOKES - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering. - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
