





2395. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ABBOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of October
, 3 heifers, price 30l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Pocock
                  




               
            .

MR. LEE conducted the prosecution.
ROBERT POCOCK. On the 1st of October I had three heifers at Smithfield; I did not sell them, and directed Harris to take them to Hendon, and bring them again on Friday - I saw them on Friday, at Laycock's, at Islington.


                  RICHARD 
                  HARRIS
               



            . On Monday, the 1st of October, I was at Smithfield; Pocock gave me three heifers to take away, and on the 2nd I put them into Mr. Horn's field, at Hendon


, and left them safe, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon - I did not see them again till I found them at Islington.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are any of Horn's men here? A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  HAWKES
               



            . I am a Policeman. On Wednesday, the 3rd of October, about one o'clock, I met the prisoner at Highbury, driving three beasts - I told him there was no thoroughfare for cattle through Highbury-park; he had another man with him - he told me he was going to Whitechapel-market with them, and had brought them from Mr. Matthews, the Bull and Butcher, at Whetstone; he said he was a stranger at the place, and the man at Holloway toll-gate directed him to go that way, as the nearest; he then asked the nearest way to Church-street, Stoke Newington - that would be out of his way to Whitechapel; I followed him to Islington station-house - I then took him into custody, and he there said several people at Islington knew him; he mentioned two persons, and I took him to Mr. Mason, a salesman, who said there was a Mr. Matthews, a butcher - I then took him to Mr. Stringfield, in Whitechapel market, who he said was his master, and when I got opposite the shop he ran away - I pursued, and took him; I left the cattle at Mr. Laycock's, at Islington, and was present at Hatton-garden when Pocock claimed them - the prisoner sent the other man back to the station-house, for something he said he had left there, and I never saw him afterwards; he said he had employed that man to help him, as the cattle were wild - the prisoner gave his name as Harris, but at Hatton-garden said it was Abbott.


                  ROBERT 
                  POCOCK
               



            . I saw the heifers at Laycock's on Friday, and at Hatton-garden on the Tuesday.
Prisoner. I was hired to drive the beasts.
Five witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
