




1687. 




ISABELLA MORRIS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of June, 3 shifts, value 6s.; 4 stockings, value 2s.; 1 handkerchief, value 5s.; 1 cap, value 1s.; 1 habit-shirt, value 3s.; and 2 yards of ribbon, value 1s.; the goods of 




Valentine Howell.






SARAH HOWELL
. I am the wife of Valentine Howell, a confectioner, in Duke-street, Manchester-square. A lady named Farquharson had left goods in my house, for which we were responsible—the prisoner came to nurse a lodger of mine, named Bolton—I recommended her to her—she was there a month within two days—I saw she had a cap on belonging to Mrs. Farquharson, and the next day we spoke to Mrs. Bolton, who called her into the drawing-room, and asked if that cap belonged to her—she said yes, it was given to her, with two others, by a person who was dead—she had given two away, and this was the other one—she was then paid, and left—after she was gone, it was intimated that she had a shift belonging to Mrs. Farquharson—we then got an officer and had her taken—these things were deposited in a room adjoining the one the prisoner was in—some other articles were then missed—the prisoner said we were perfectly welcome to look for things, for she had nothing belonging to any one but herself—I asked if she would allow me to look at the shift she had on—she said, "Certainly"—I looked, and saw it saw it was one of Mrs. Farquharson's—we then searched and found these other things in her room.





JAMES NOBLE
. I went to the prisoner with Mr. Howell's boy—I told her that Mrs. Howell missed some baby linen—I sent for Mrs. Howell—she asked the prisoner to look at the shift she had on, and said it belonged to Mrs. Farquharson—the prisoner said it was not her own—Mrs. Howell then looked in her boxes, and found these other things, which she said were Mrs. Farquharson's.





SARAH HOWELL
. Here are two shifts, (one I allowed the prisoner to keep on)—I have looked at these things, and they are all Mrs. Farquharson's—when the prisoner was accused of having one of these shifts on, I saw part of the mark on it, and the remainder she tore out herself—the mark has been torn out of the other two—they are here in the same manner—the one she tore while we were there—she has one shift on now.
(Mrs. Barnfield, a schoolmistress, and Mrs. Pope, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 38,—


Transported for Seven Years.
