



1409. 




MANUEL LOPEZ
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Knill Kinsman and another, on the 
4th of June, at 
St. Giles' in the Fields, and stealing therein, 4 coats, value 13l.; 6 pair of trowsers, value 6l,; and 3 waistcoats, value 1l. 10s.; his goods.






WILLIAM RABONE
. I am servant to Mr. John Knill Kinsman, at No. 57, Lincoln's Inn-fields, in the parish of St. Giles. On Thursday evening the 4th of June, I was sent out by my master, and when I came home, I met the prisoner about three hundred yards from master's house—he had a bundle with him—I did not know him before—after I had got home, the servant told me something, and I proceeded up to master's bed-room—I found the clothes taken from the wardrobe—I missed trowsers and coats—I did not examine to see the exact number—I proceeded down, and informed my master, and then went with all possible haste to overtake the prisoner, but could not—the bed-room is on the third floor—my master was sitting on the first floor—I did not see the prisoner again till he was taken into custody.





MARY ANN SPILLMAN
. I am servant to Mrs. Dower, a laundress, who takes care of these chambers. On Thursday evening last, I was proceeding up stairs to the second floor chambers, and met the prisoner on the stairs—it is a public staircase to all the chambers—he was coming down, and had a bundle with him—he ran past me—the prosecutor's chambers are on the first and third floor—Rabone came in soon after, and I told him what I had seen.

COURT. Q. Had you the care of the chambers? A. Yes; I do not know whether the room on the third floor was shut up.

Prisoner. I was never in the house in my life. Witness. To the best of my knowledge he is the man—I have not a doubt of it—the chambers on the third floor lock; the key is generally put over the door, on a ledge.





JAMES WATSON
. I am shopman to Mr. Lloyd, a pawnbroker, at Strutton-ground, Westminster. On the 4th of June, about nine o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came and pledged a coat, waistcoat, and trowsers, in the name of Manuel Lopez—I produce them—I gave him 30s. on them—I am sure he is the man—on the day following I received a bill describing the property lost, and gave information—I went with a constable in search of the prisoner, and in about an hour, in consequence of information, I went back to the station-house, and saw the prisoner coming in a direction of the station-house, apparently drunk—I pointed him out to the officer, who took him.





WILLIAM CLIFTON
 (policeman B 50.) I apprehended the prisoner—I found on him a silver watch, a gold seal, and a tobacco box—he had on a pair of trowsers, which are identified by the prosecutor—also a waistcoat—I told him what I wanted him for—he said, "Oh, this is one of the coats," and pulled it off immediately—that was in the station-house.


Prisoner. The black coat is mine, Witness. He said this was one of the coats that were stolen, and pulled it off; but I believe it was not one of the stolen coats,





HENRY GIBSON
. I am shopman to Mr. Jones, a pawnbroker, in Tothill-street. The prisoner came to the shop on the 5th of June, about twelve o'clock, and pawned a coat for 12s., in the name of Manuel Lopez—I produce it.





GEORGE WARD
 (policeman B 2.) I went to the prisoner's lodging about half an hour after he was apprehended—it is No. 3, Paradise-row, Palmer's Village—I knew he lodged there before—I found in a box, under a table, two pairs of trowsers, a waistcoat, and a coat.





WILLIAM RAYBONE

re-examined, I know all these things to be my master's—he has a partner named Pritchard—I do not know who pays the rent of the chambers—I believe Mr. Kinsman does.




GUILTYof stealing only.  Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.
