





101. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NICOLA
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of November
, I watch, value 31l. 10s.; I watch-chain, value 3l.; I watch-key, value 13s., and 1 seal, value 1l. 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Campbell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .

COLONEL
 JOHN CAMPBELL. I live at Hampstead. On the 5th of November, about eleven o'clock in the morning. I had come to town from Chipping Ongar - I had a gold watch in my fob, with a gold chain, key and seals, worth thirty-five guineas together; I was in Aldgate


, going towards 'Change, and just at the corner of Duke-street I felt a little pull at my watch-fob - I immediately felt, and my watch was gone; I saw a man running from me - I pursued, crying, "Stop, thief! that man has got my watch" - he never got out of my sight; I fell down in the middle of the street, but kept sight of him - he was stopped near the Minories by a gentlemen, who told me he had got my watch; I afterwards saw it, and knew it to be mine - I only saw one person running, that was the prisoner.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not see me pick the watch off the pavement? A. No; I saw him throw it on the pavement when he was pursued.


                  JAMES 
                  OLIVER
               



            . I am a builder, and live in Fenchurch-street. I was in Aldgate on the 5th of November; there was a crowd of people - I saw the prisoner put his hand in front of Colonel Campbell, and draw the watch from his fob; I pursued, and never lost sight of him; he ran from the corner of Duke-street to the Minories, and I saw him drop the watch from his left hand - I picked it up, pursued, and secured him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PATRICK
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was delivered into my charge - I heard a cry of Stop thief! came up, Oliver had hold of him by the collar, and the watch in his hand.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I came out of the engine-house, saw the watch in the road, picked it up, and hearing a cry of Stop thief! I dropped it in the road.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
