




283. 




WILLIAM HARVEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of November, 1 oz. weight of tea, value 4d., the goods of 



Charles Butler Harris.






EDWARD MARSHALL HARRIS
. I live with Charles Butler Harris, he is my master and brother, and keeps a shop in Nicholas-lane; he sells cocoa, tea, and coffee. I have known the prisoner upwards of a month—he is a watch-patrol—he asked me to take some tea from my brother without his knowledge—he came to me one night, and said there had been a man there who, when he came home drunk, used to give him some tea, not to say any thing about it—I told my brother, and he told me perhaps he was doing it to try my honesty, and to take something and offer to him, if be came again—I took some cocoa and offered to him—he took it—he put it into his pocket, and took it off home—he was taken the last time he came, and the tea was found upon him.

Prisoner. He called me into the house, and told me there was no harm in it, as he was a partner with his brother—he pushed it into my pocket—it was given to me as a present.





JAMES PEARCE
. I am in the service of the prosecutor—I saw the prisoner come in one Monday evening, when my master was gone to Croydon—he stood by the fire, and said, "I should like some of that cocoa" Marshall said, "I cannot give you any, for fear my master would miss them"—the prisoner said, "I should like some of that gunpowder tea,"—Marshall opened the canister, and put the scoop in, and said, "I cannot reach it"—the prisoner got some tea.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not hear him call me into the place, and tell me he was in partnership with his brother? A. No, you said, "He won't tell your master, he is a poor man's son, he may have to do it himself some day."





CHARLES BUTLER HARRIS
. This tea and cocoa are mine—(looking at them)—it was marked previously by direction of the officer—the prisoner was searched in my counting-house, on the 19th of November, and it was found on him—he received the cocoa half an hour before he took the tea—he asked me to pardon him, and said be would go down on his knees a hundred times for me to pardon him.

Prisoner. I have been twenty-two years a soldier, and never had any thing against my character.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.
