



1567. 





JOHN HITCHMORE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of June, 200 halfpence, the monies of 




Richard Tullett and another, his masters.






FREDERICK BEAZLEY
. I am in partnership with Mr. Richard Tullett—we keep the Olive—branch public-house, in Homer-street, Marylebone. The prisoner was our pot-man—on the 4th of June I marked twenty-two half-pence and put them into eleven 5s. packet of halfpence, which

were then put into the bar—I afterwards missed two of these 5s. packets of halfpence—I got an officer and took him down to the kitchen where the prisoner was cleaning his pot—I told the officer to take him—he requested to go to the water-closet—the officer searched him and found 4d. in halfpence on him—one of them was one I had marked—he was then taken—we returned and found 4s. 1d. in halfpence down the water-closet on the soil—two of them were what I had marked—we found a package of halfpence on a shelf near the bottom of the cellar-stairs, which he had passed in going down—there was 4s. 9 1/2d. in the paper, and 2 1/2d. on the other side of it, which made up the 5s—the paper had been broken and was wet, and no doubt it had been in the pail of water which he had to clean the bar.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was this 4d. produced on the first examination before the Magistrate? A. Yes—I did not swear to any marked halfpenny at that time—I did not take them in my hand—the policeman showed them to the Magistrate—I did not examine them at all.





HORACE HANLEY
. I am bar-man to the prosecutor. I was in the bar on the 4th of June, and saw sixteen papers of halfpence on the shelf under the bar—they were opposite a stove which the prisoner was cleaning, and within his reach—while I was engaged I had him under my observation, and I saw him extend his arm in the direction of the half-pence—I afterwards missed two papers from them and told my master—the prisoner had a pail with him—he set it down by the tap-room door—he went into the tap-room—then came out and went down stairs with the pail—he would pass the place where the halfpence were said to be found.

Cross-examined Q. You did not see him with any halfpence in his hand? A. No—I saw his hand extended in that direction, but I did not see it come back again—I was about four yards off him, serving customer.





CHARLES HENRY CURRY
. (police-constable D 133.) I was called by Mr. Beasley on the 4th of June—I went down to the kitchen and saw the prisoner—I said I must take him for robbing his master of two papers of halfpence—I went and found the money under the stairs on a shelf—there was 4s. 9 1/2d. in a paper and 2 1/2d. by the side of it—the other parcel was gone—I went into the kitchen again and searched the prisoner—I found 4d. on him in halfpence, which were quite wet—I put them into my pocket—he went to the water-closet, and I waited till he came out—I took him to the station-house, and he was remanded—I went back and found 4s. 1d. in halfpence on the soil in the water-closet—one of the halfpence was marked F—the prosecutor stated that there had been two 5s. papers of half-pence on the stairs, but one was gone—I kept the money in separate papers—this is the 4d. I found on him—there is one halfpenny among them which is marked with F—here are the two marked halfpence.

Cross-examined Q. You went into that water-closet for the purpose of watching the prisoner? A. Yes—I went inside—I should say the threw these down before we went in—I got a mallet and chisel, and took up some boards to get the halfpence up—he had been in three minutes before we went in—I had searched him before he went in, and taken the 4d. from him—I searched the prisoner's table-drawer, and found 2l. 14s. in silver—the Magistrate desired me to give him 1l. 14s. of it which I did—the other I have got here.

Prisoner's Defence. I know no more about this than you do—I asked.

my fellow-servant to lend me a sixpence, which I gave to Thomas Brown for cleaning my brass guards, and he brought me 4d. back which was found on me.




GUILTY
. Aged 30—


Transported for Seven Years.
