



244. 




LEWIS LEVY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of December, 8 1/2 lbs. of sugar, value 5s. 8d.; and 1 handkerchief, value 4d.; the goods of 



John Hughes.






JOHN HUGHES
. I am a confectioner, and live in High-street, Shoreditch. On the evening of the 1st of December I had been to Ratcliff-highway, and purchased 28lbs. of moist sugar, and 8 1/2 lbs. of lump—I had the moist sugar on my shoulder, and the loaf sugar in a handkerchief in my hand—the prisoner accosted me in Brick-lane, and said, "You seem to have a very awkward load there"—I said I had—he said, "Are you going far?"—I said, "To Shoreditch"—he said he was going that way, and would assist me in carrying one parcel—I said I was extremely obliged to him, and gave

him the 8 1/2 lbs. of sugar in the handkerchief to carry—he had not proceeded a hundred yards when I saw him joined by another person, which excited my suspicions—I kept a sharp eye on him, and on turning down Slater-street I heard them in deep conversation—all on a sudden I turned round and saw the prisoner give the sugar to the young man, who ran away with it—I collared the prisoner, and called "Stop thief"—the prisoner knocked me down—the other, who ran away, threw the sugar down on a step and escaped—the prisoner got from me—I called "Stop thief," and he was taken—I have not a doubt of his person—he had a surtout coat on.





JOHN MARTIN
. I was in Slater-street, Spitalfields, and heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I saw the prosecutor knocked down by a man in a surtout coat, and he ran down the street—the policeman brought a man back in a surtout coat—I cannot say it was the prisoner.





THOMAS FISHER
. I am a policeman. I was on duty in Swan-street, and heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I hastened to the spot, and met the prisoner running very fast from Slater-street—I secured him—the prosecutor said he was the man.

Prisoner. He said, "No doubt he is innocent, and I will not take him," but the prosecutor said, "Take him, and I will pay you for your trouble." Witness. It is false.
(The prisoner put in a written defence, declaring his innocence, and stating that he was only running, with others, on hearing the cry of "Stop thief.")
(John Sheridan, hatter, Sweet-apple-court, deposed to his good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
