



2246. 




HENRY JEFFREYS
 was indicted

for eloniously receiving of a certain evil-disposed person, on the 
1st of October, 1 cot, value 3d., the goods of 



John Wemys, well knowing the same to have been stolen; against the Statute & C.






MARY HINXMAN
. I am a widow, and live in White-Conduit-street, Islington. On the 1st of October there was a knock at my door, and the servant brought me this card, requesting me to deliver to the bearer a great coat belonging to Mr. Wemys, who was my lodger—in consequence of which it was delivered to the person who brought the cart—it was a boy about sixteen years old—the prisoner also lodged the card—time—he went out at a little before ten o'clock that morning or thereabouts—it might he half an hour or more before the boy came of the coat, which was between ten and eleven o'clock—I thought that Mr. Wemys had authorized the card to be sent.





JOHN WEMYS
. I lodge at Mr. Hinxman's—this coat is mine, it is worth 3l.—this card was not written by me or by my authority—I gave no

authority to any one to fetch away my great-coat that morning—I occupy the bed-room on the second floor, and the prisoner lodged on the floor above—I never saw him—I often leave my room door open.

Prisoner. Q. Have you any mark by which you know it? A. I have—at the time of fitting it on 1 found fault with it, as they had put padding showed—it is quite new—a person might see my coat by looking into the room—they might hold the door in their hand, and look behind it, without going into the room at all—it was hanging on the door when I went out in the morning.

Prisoner. I believe Mrs. Hinxman is quite aware that I did not know there was a lodger in the house, and therefore it is impossible I could know your name, to sigh the card. Witness. My name was on all my luggage, and on a hat-box standing in the room, any one who came into the room might see it—there is an attempt a Christian name on the card—(read)—"Please to send by the bearer my light-grey coat, which hangs behind my bed-room door—Wemys."





THOMAS GRATTAN
. I am in the service of Mr. Cottrell, a pawn-broker in Shore-lane—this coat was pawned at our shop, on the 1st of October, by the prisoner, for 30s.—I quite positive of his person—it is a new coat—I cannot tell at what time it was pawned.





SETH EASTWOOD
 (Police-constable N 260) I took the prisoner into custody on Wednesday, the 12th of October.





MARY HINXMAN

re-examined the prisoner stand at my house till the 12th when the policeman took him.

Prisoner's Defence. Two or three days previous to my having possession of the coat, I was wishing to purchase one. I was advised by a friend to go to Machin and Debenham's rooms, where coats were sold by auction, as unredeemed pledges—I tried on several, but they would not suit me—a person in the room said he was a tailor, and had one or two misfits, which he would sell me cheap—I was to meet him there on Saturday morning, which I did, at about half-past ten o'clock—I left Mrs. Hinxman's before ten o'clock, on purpose to meet him—I purchased this coat for 2l., and being in want of money at that time, I pledged it for 30s.





JOHN WEMYS

re-examined. I had the coat made in Scotland.





MARY HINXMAN

re-examined. The prisoner said he belonged to a newspaper-officer, and collected bills—he used to go out very late, because he said he was not required to go to the officer till eleven o'clock—he kept late hours—he came to lodge with me on the 19th of September.




GUILTY
. Aged 25—


Transported for Seven Years.
