





Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.
734. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RIDGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving 6 rings, value 20l.; 1 fruit-knife, value 10s.; 1 gold chain, value 2l.; 1 gold and coral cross, value 15s.; 1 pair of ear-rings, value 30s.; 1 bracelet, value 2s.; 1 oz. of coral beads, value 2s., and 4 shirt studs, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        Frances Williamson Susannah 
                        Lee
                     




                  , well knowing them to have been stolen, and to which William Langley pleaded guilty of stealing
            . (See page 340.)
FRANCES WILLIAMSON SUSANNAH LEE. I live at Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Lester
               



            's, No. 10, Cirencester-place; Langley was employed to do jobs about the house, and on the 20th of February, I missed from my scrutoire a morocco box, containing a variety of property - I know nothing of Ridge.


                  DANIEL 
                  MOBBS
               



            . I am a Policeman. In consequence of information, I went to the prisoner's house, in Bear-street, Leicester-square, on the 22nd of February, and apprehended him; I asked him if he knew Langley - he said he did; I asked if he had received any rings from Langley - he said he had, and had sold them to Mr. Davis, of Belton-street, Short's-gardens; I asked if he was not to have 10s. for his trouble - he said he was, and that he had received the money; I got a warrant, and searched Davis's premises, but did not find the rings.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LESTER
               



            . I know nothing about Ridge, except that he acknowledged to the Magistrate that he had been in company with Langley, and sold five rings for 35s. - he said he had been with Langley, and had received 10s. for selling them at No. 11, Belton-street, Short's-gardens - that there were three females in the place, and they sold them to one of them; the rings were mentioned as having been stolen from my house by Langley - none of the property has been found.
Prisoner's Defence. I went with him to sell them, but knew nothing of the robbery.
DANIEL MOBBS. He told me he had sold the rings to Mrs. Davis, in Short's-gardens - I went there, and found a woman answering to that name; it appeared a broker's shop outside, but we found things there which should not be at a broker's.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 19. - 


               Transported for 14 Years
            .
