





272. 
               
                  
                     JOHN MULLIN 
                     DAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               forging, on the 24th of December
, a certain request for the delivery of goods
            , with intent to defraud 
               
                  Edward 
                  Gardner
               




            .
Two other counts for uttering and putting off the same, with a like intent.


                  EDWARD 
                  BENSLEY GARDNER
               



            . I am assistant to my father, 
               
                  Edward 
                  Gardner
               



             - he is a bookseller
 in Paternoster-row


 - on the 24th of December the prisoner sent a porter to us with this order, which is signed "E. Dalton, for J. Hatchard," who is a customer of ours; and I let him have the goods stated.


                  JAMES 
                  LOFTUS
               



            . On the 24th of December the prisoner, who was a stranger to me, gave me the order, and I took it to Mr. Gardner, and they gave me the books - the prisoner said he would wait for me at the corner of Ivy-lane - I took the books to him there, and he told me to carry them on a little farther - he took me on to the Bell and Crown, and then took them of me; and he carried them to the first gate in Furnival's Inn - he then paid me one shilling and twopence - I am sure he is the man.


                  EDWARD 
                  DALTON
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Hatchard - I did not write this order, nor employ the prisoner to take it - I know his face - he used to live at Mr. Tilt's.(Order read.)
"Piccadilly, December 24, 1833.
"SIR, - Have the goodness to send per bearer the following order: - three quarto Bibles, marginal notes, morocco, two elegant, and one blind-tooled; also two octavo Bibles and Prayers, with case to match. They should have been sent this morning; but Tunbridge, our porter, went out without my seeing him; and as I want them immediately, I have sent our binder's man. Only two of the quarto will be kept; the other shall be returned on Thursday morning.
"
               Yours, E.
             DALTON,"for J. HATCHARD.
"In the event of you not having any octavo by you, send small pica."
Mr Tilt gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
There were four other indictments against the prisoner.
