



2108. 




JOHN SEAL
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
21st of September in the parish of 
St. Giles, Camberwell, 1 bull, price 10l., the property of 



Daniel Lewis.







ABRAHAM UPSDELL
. I am servant to Daniel Lewis, a farmer at Camberwell. He had a bull, which I put into the field on Sunday afternoon, September 20th, at three o'clock—there were eight cows and a heifer in the field with him—I have had him seven or eight months—I locked the gate of the field and had the key in my pocket—I went to the field about half-past five o'clock on Monday morning—the cows and heifer were there, but not the bull—he had strayed away into the next field before—I saw the track of one oxen out of the gate, which was shut, but the lock was stretched as wide as it could—the gate had not been open—I saw the bull again on Tuesday.





DANIEL LEWIS
. I am a farmer, and live in Camberwell parish. I was disturbed by the bull roaring before three o'clock on Monday morning—he bellowed as bulls do when after cows, and kept roaring all the way along the road—I judged it to be my bull's voice—I dressed myself, came down stairs, took a candle and lantern, and went on the common in front to see, if I could, which way it had gone—while I was looking about, a person from Peckham-rye came up—I followed to Walworth-terrace, about two miles and a half from my place towards London, and came up to the bull at the terrace in about an hour—I found the prisoner driving it—he had no other cattle—the bull was not making a noise when I came up—I asked the prisoner where he was going with that bull—he said to Smithfield, to Mr. Gurney, a salesman, and he had brought him from Lordship-lane-hill—I asked who employed him to drive it—he said "Mr. Kemp"—I told him it was my bull, and I should detain him—he said could I swear to it?—I said yes—I could recognise its head, by the colour of its horns, by the light of the lamp; and when daylight came I knew it well to be mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. After saying he was going to Gurney's, did he say any thing more? A. He said he was to have 3s. 6d. for driving it to market, and wished to be taken to Mr. Gurney to have the matter explained—the police took him to the station-house—I have had the bull about seven months, and was in the habit of seeing it myself once or twice a-day—I am quite sure it is mine—It had a very small head and particularly white stripes, and a white helly—I could distinguish its voice.

Prisoner's Defence. I was employed by Mr. Kemp to take it to Mr. Gurney, and was to have 3s. 6d. Four o'clock is the usual time to get to Smithfield.




GUILTY
. Aged 48.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

