





185. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     MARSHALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of November
, 1 sheet, value 2s.; 2 petticoats, value 2s.; 2 window-curtains, value 1s., and 2 aprons, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Dyer
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  DYER
               



            . I live at Limehouse-causeway


, and sell oysters
. The articles stated were hanging in my shop to dry, on the 19th of November - the prisoner came in with two other boys; he asked one of them if he would have any oysters - the other said he did not care; I said, "What is it young man?" he said, "Let us have a pennyworth of oysters;" I opened one, and at that moment I heard the chairs rattle in my room - I said, "Who is in my house?" I then saw the prisoner run out with the things under his arm - I cried Stop thief! he ran round a corner; I ran to the corner, but returned, for fear any body should go into my house - two Police-officers were brought to me by my neighbours; they afterwards brought the property - these are the articles.


                  JAMES 
                  GRIMBLES
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I met the prisoner about a mile and a half or two miles from the prosecutor's, on the night of the 19th of November; there were two young lads with him, and two women, whom I knew to be suspicious characters - I saw the prisoner had this bundle; I asked him what it was - he said it was no business of mine; I insisted upon seeing, and took it from him - he then said it was his wife's gown and some check shirts; I found in it these articles.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OSMAN
               



            . I was with Grimbles; I heard the prisoner say there were some check shirts in the bundle, and the other things belonged to his wife, pointing to a girl who was there.
Prisoner's Defence. One of the women gave me the bundle to carry, and she owned the things.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
