



461. 




WILLIAM JONES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of December, 1 bag, value 1d.; 10 half-crowns, 40 shillings, 87 sixpencer, 84 pence, and 21 halfpence, the goods and monies of 




Robert Roper Clarke, in his dwelling house.






ROBERT ROPER CLARKE
. I am a wharfinger. My dwelling-house is in St. Mary Overy Dock, in the parish of St. Saviour, Southwark. Between twelve and one o'clock, on the 16th of December, I laid this money on my desk—I had just been and received a balance of wages—I had upwards of 5l. in silver, some loose halfpence, and three 5s. papers of halfpence—the silver was in a canvas bag, in the counting-house—it is my house—I was loading a wagon, and giving directions to the men what flour to put into the wagon—I was not so far from the counting house as I am from the prisoner now—a person said a man had gone into the counting-house—I went, and met the prisoner coming out—I said, "What are you doing?"—he said, "I merely came to see what o'clock it was"—I looked over, and missed the halfpence—he ran away, I ran after him, and sang out, "Stop thief"—he saw three men coming to meet him, through some posts, and he turned into Mr. Burford's yard, and I chose after him—he threw out two papers of halfpence—one a white sugar paper, the other a grey paper—they hit me—I still pursued him—round a

corner he thought to get out—he threw out another paper, and the bag of silver—we still pursued him, and caught him—sent for the policeman, and then the money was picked up—this is the bag—(looking at it) JOHN COOPER. I am a policeman. I picked up the halfpence in the yard—some loose, and some in a paper—I picked up the bag near the coal-hole, in the yard, where the prisoner was detained—there was nearly 5l. in silver.





HENRY THOMAS PEACH
. I saw the prisoner run up the yard, and throw some copper out of his hand.

Prisoner. There were several persons running—I ran after the man, but did not chuck away the halfpence—it is all false.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

