




2117. 




WILLIAM RUDDLE
 and 



MARY JONES
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
20th of August 3 sovereigns, 2 £10 bank-notes, and 1 £10 promissory-note, the monies and property of 



William Henry Nott, from his person.






WILLIAM HENRY NOTT
. I live in Pall-mall. On the night of Friday, the 19th of August, I went to the theatre, and afterwards went with some friends to supper at Hemming's, in the Piazza, Covent-garden—I had three sovereigns, two £10 bank-notes, and one country note for £10—I stayed there two or three hours, till two or three o'clock—by that time I had taken a little too much, and instead of going home I took an opposite direction, and went to the east end of the town—I had not much recollection of any thing till I was locked up in Lambeth-street; but when I was properly in my senses, I found myself before the Magistrate, and this money was all gone, and there was one £5 note left to full suspicion—when I recovered, I found I had a £5 note that was new to me—the three £10 notes were gone, and the two or three sovereigns—I had received these £10 notes from Drummond's, at Charing-cross—I can swear to the numbers of the notes which which have been traced—they correspond with the numbers which one of the clerks gave me at the banking-house—there is no clerk here.

Ruddle. Q. Did not the sergeant of police take the number from a note, and put it down for you? A. Not that I know of.





JAMES COOKE
 (police-sergeant H 7.) On Saturday, the 20th of August, the prosecutor was brought to the station-house quite drunk—he had a £5 note in his pocket—he was put to sleep, and when awake he stated what he had lost—I went to Rosemary-lane, where the officer brought the prosecutor from—I found he had been in company with a soldier and two females in a public-house—I got information from some women who did not know the solider, but knew the prisoner Jones, with whom the soldier cohabited—I went there, and found Jones in a room under her own—I asked who rented the room above—she said a girl who was out; but I sent for the landlord, who said in her presence that she rented it at 3s., a week—I went to that room, and found a gown, a pair of boots, and some calico—I asked her where they were bought—she said they belonged to the girl who was out—in searching the room U found a certificate with the name of "William Ruddle" on it—when I began to search the room, Jones


bolted down stairs—the constable who was with me brought her back—she then said, "I am not to blame for what the soldier did—I had said nothing to her about any robbery then—she said, "I was on the bed, and the solider took the three £10 notes out of the gentleman's purse, and put a £5 note beck"—I at that time, had not told her what my business was but only asked her where the new dress was bought—I then told the landlord what was the matter—he said, "I have got a bundle that a soldier left with me"—he gave me this bundle—I then asked Jones who the soldier was of the name of William Ruddle—I went to the Tower, and found he was on duty in the Bank—I found him there, and saw the officer—I searched him, but could not bring him out on any charge less than murder.





MARY ANN GRIFFITHS
. I am single, and live with my sister, as bar-maid, at the Windmill, in Rosemary-lane. At half-past six o'clock in the morning of the 20th of august, the prisoner Ruddle brought the prosecutor into our house—he was very drunk—I refused to serve him—he had a woman and a girl with him, but not Jones—he said that in coming along the gentleman had given him his purse—I saw it—it was green silk—it had a £5 note and a half-sovereign in it—I am sure Mr. Nott was the gentleman, and Ruddle was the man—he asked me to let him leave the purse with me—I said, "No, I will not have his money; he is too tipsy to know what he does"—Ruddle changed the half-sovereign to pay for what they had—he had half a pint of beer, and gave each of the woman a glass of gin.





MARY ANN MCCARTHY
. I am single, and live at No. 3, Rose-court, Rosemary-lane. On the 20th of August, about one o'clock in the day, Jones called me—she asked me to get up—she said, "Bill wants to treat you"—I dressed and got up, and Bill (Ruddle) gave me a shilling—he said, "Go and get what you think proper"—I said, I won't go out"—I gave the shilling to a female, to go and bring some liquor—I afterwards went to Mr. Bradley's with Ruddle—I bought there a gown—he changed a £10 note to pay for it—he went and bought a pair of boots for 4s. 6d.





THOMAS JONES
. I am assistant to Mr. Bradley, of Cable-street, a pawnbroker. A man came and changed a £10 note—the prisoner resembles him, but I cannot swear to him—there were two women with him.





PHILIP CREDDY
. I live in Ratcliffe-highway. On the 20th of August Ruddle came and bought a suit of clothes of me—he gave me a £10 note.

Jones. This gentleman made me a present of a £10 note—in making the bed I found another—I went to the barracks, and gave it to Ruddle.

Ruddle's Defence (written.)About half-past seven o'clock I was coming down Ratcliffe-highway, and met with my prosecutor, in company with two girls of the town—he being much intoxicated, caught hold of me by the arm, and proposed that we should go and have something to drink together, which I agreed to—we were then closely followed by one of the girls, who handed him a purse, and said, "My dear, I won't keep your money from you, but I hope you will pay for something to drink"—he then opened his purse and gave her something, to what amount I do not know, having gone on some distance before them—he then followed me, and on coming up he said, "Soldier, I will go with you and have something to drink, "we then proceeded to Blue Anchor-yard, and he stopped at the yard-side, when I was called into the King of Prussia public-house by a friend to partake of some drink—I then told my friends I had been in company

with a gentleman who was the worse of liquor, and I wished to see after him for safety—on going out I missed him, and I waited full half an hour at the public-house, expecting his return—finding he did not, I went up to Jones's room, and found him in bed with her—I said, "My good Sir, is this where you are having something to drink?"—I at length persuaded him to come away we then proceeded on to Rosemary-lane, and on calling at the Windmill public-house he was accosted by a few woman, who told him he must stand treat—in pulling his purse out to do so, it fell from his hand—I lifted it up, and took out, by his request, half a sovereign to pay for the drink, which I handed to the landlady, and on her returning me the change I placed it in his purse, observing to the landlady that as this gentleman was so much in liquor it would be well for her to take his purse and money in her charge, as I told her he had some property about him—she then asked me if I knew him—I told her I did not, and she replied, "Soldier, the best thing you can do is to gave him in charge to a policeman, "which I agreed to, and she sent for one and gave him in charge—I then proceeded towards my barracks, to attend parade at ten o'clock—on returning, one of my comrades said I was wanted at the canteen, and on going over I found Mary Jones there taking some ale—she then pulled out a Bank-note, which she handed me, asking me what the amount of it was—I told her it was a £10, asking her how she came by it—she said the prosecutor gave it to her—she then asked me if I would get it changed, which I agreed to, and she told me to treat myself to a suit of clothes out of it—I met a man of the name of James Gormly, who volunteered to come and introduce me to a clothes shop—I selected a suit of clothes, but did not pay any money—I went up to Mary Jones's room to return the change, and found her making up the bed—she said she had found on the bed another note like the first, which I found to be the case—she then requested me to purchase her a few articles for her own wear, which I did, and the balance of change out of the two £10 notes, which I received from Mary Jones, to the amount of £12, is in the possession of private John M'Kenny, eighth company Coldstream Guards, the second battalion—this I mention in justice to my prosecutor.

RUDDELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 32,—


Transported for Seven Years.

JONES—


NOT GUILTY
.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

