



955. 




JOHN GARDINER
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Lewis An well, since deceased, about the hour of two in the night of the 
14th of January, with intent to steal, and steal-therein, 5 watches, value 10l.; 17 spoons, value 15s.; 2 brooches, value 15s.; 1 watch-key, value 2s. 6d.; 2 pairs of ear-rings, value 10s.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; 72 pence and 100 halfpence; his property.


Mr. Phillips conducted the Prosecution.






HARRIET ANWELL
. I am a widow, and live in Buckle-court, Whitechapel—my husband died on the 29th of January. On the 14th of January I retired to rest, about half-past two o'clock—I saw my house secure and fastened—I was the last person up—I came down about eleven o'clock next morning, and found a little door leading through the partition from the parlour to the bar open—it fastens with a button, but has no lock—I saw it fast the night before—the button was forced back—on examining the bar I found the cash drawer had been broken open, and missed five watches, seventeen spoons, a trinket box, and other articles—in the course of the night I had been disturbed by a noise as if a person had fallen from the skylight into a room called the long room in the house, which is twelve feet from the floor—I had not quite got into bed at the time, but my husband was ill and unable to go down, and I did not go down—I had not particularly noticed the skylight that night, as it had not been open for three months on account of the coldness of the weather—it opened by a pulley inside—I found a birch broom put under the skylight to prop it open—they could get to that by getting on the water butt in the yard—it is an enclosed yard—I consider the parties must have concealed themselves in the yard—I never saw the prisoner till ten days before—he was very well acquainted with my pot-boy.





HENRY BROWN
. I am the prosecutrix's father, and live with her. On Saturday night, the 14th of January, between nine and ten o'clock, I saw the prisoner in the long room with Lawson, who was convicted last sessions, and I had seen them there the Saturday night before—he and Lawson were pulling up the skylight—Lawson lived in the house, and would have the means of propping up the skylight inside—on the morning of the 15th of January I came down about half-past seven o'clock—I went into the long room, and found the hall door open—I did not notice the skylight then, but an hour after I went into the room again, and found it open as far as it could be, and a broom put up to keep it open—it was sufficiently

large to admit a man—I had seen Lawson and the prisoner putting it up the night before, and placing it as I found it next morning.

Prisoner. It is a dancing-room, and it was full of people at the time.

Witness. There was nobody dancing in the room that night—there might be thirty or forty people in the room at the time this was done—it is never opened when the room is crowded—I was looking at them, fearing they would break the glass—it was a very cold light, and did not want to be opened—I saw the skylight shut after that—I did not see the broom put under it then—after putting the broom there, a person outside could drop into the room.

Prisoner. Lawson worked in the house every night. Witness. I do not know at what time he went away—he did not sleep in the house, but used to go away about one or half-past one o'clock.





ANN TAYLOR
. I am a woman of the town, and lived with Lawson, who has been convicted of this offence. About seven o'clock one Tuesday morning (I do not know the day of the month) Gardiner came to my room, knocked at the shutters outside, and shouted out "Fred"—Lawson was in bed at the time—Lawson let him in, and he said, "I have done the job"—Lawson said, "No, never"—Gardiner said, "I have got five watches, and here is one out of the five," producing a large silver watch—Lawson got up and went away with him—they returned together about eleven o'clock—I am sure this was Tuesday morning—on the Monday sight before, between seven and eight o'clock, Gardiner came and asked if Fred was at home—Lawson was not at home—Gardiner took a box of lucifer matches, some keys, and a piece of iron out of his pocket—he put the matches on the hob, and said to me, "These are the things that I do my work with"—Lawson returned, and he and Gardiner left about eight o'clock—Gardiner left the iron and box of matches on the hob, and put the keys in his pocket—Lawson came home about half-past two o'clock on Tuesday morning—I have seen the iron since—when Gardiner came on the Tuesday morning, and produced the watch, he also spoke of some silver spoons, and produced one silk handkerchief and one watch—I did not see any of the spoons—I was not examined on the last trial—I was here—I came now with Pipe, the policeman.

Prisoner. I did go to her house on Tuesday morning, as Fred asked me to go to his house, but I took no watch there. Witness. He brought a watch on Tuesday morning, and said, "Hers is one watch out of the five, I have got four more at home"—he told Lawson to get out of bed to go with him, and they went away together—Lawson is twenty-seven years of age.





ALLEN PIPE
 (police-constable H 51.) I took Gardiner into custody the same day as he was discharged from this prison last Sessions, as the bill against him was thrown out—I told him I must charge him with the same offence as he was discharged for—he said he did not know why he should be locked up for nothing, for he had done nothing—I took him again, in consequence of information from Taylor—she did not give evidence on the last trial—she was here, but had nothing to do with the case—I took her into custody, and through her traced the property—I searched Lawson's room, and found the duplicate of a watch in the coal-hole—I found a watch afterwards at Lawson's brother's lodging, which the prosecutrix claimed.





CORNELIUS FOAY
. I am a policeman. I went, in consequence of information, to No. 1, Castle-alley, Whitechapel, on the 16th of February,

and found the prisoner lived there—I did not see him there, but I asked a woman there—I asked him, before the last trial, when I took him, where he lived—he said he lived with Barney Mahoney, No. 2, Rose-lane—I went there, but could not find any such person—I saw Barney Mahoney, and followed him to No. 1, Castle-alley, and ascertained that he lodged there—I searched a room on the first floor there, and found a piece of iron, and two common door-keys—I found the iron by the fire-side—Barney Mahoney slept in that room—he has moved since—I compared the iron with the prosecutrix's cash-drawer, and found it corresponded exactly with the marks on the drawer—the impression went about an inch into the drawer—the iron is a chisel.

Prisoner. I told him No. 4, Rose-alley. Witness. He said No. 2.





ANN TAYLOR

re-examined. This is the iron he put by my fire-side.





WILLIAM NORMOYLE
. I am a policeman. I went to the prosecutrix's house after the robbery—I found the skylight open, and kept up by an old birch broom under it, and on the bottom part of the skylight was dirt rubbed off, as if by a person dropping down into the room—there was the mark of iron, or some instrument, on the skylight—the marks on the drawer, and the small window leading from the long room to the bar, corresponded exactly—this is a very common chisel, it is not a jemmy.






MARY WRIGHT
. I am the wife of John Wright, a labourer. I know Lawson, and have seen the prisoner—on the Tuesday morning, between ten and eleven o'clock, I saw Lawson and Gardiner together is Lawson's room; and about four o'clock in the afternoon I saw Gardiner there alone; and about seven o'clock I was in Lawson's room, when Gardiner came in.





MARY ANDREWS
. I am the wife of Edward Andrews, and live at No. 1, Castle-alley, Whitechapel—the prisoner lodged at my house in January last—I heard of this robbery when the policemen came—the prisoner had left my house four or five nights before—this piece of iron belongs to me—Barney Mahoney is my brother—he now lives at No. 1, Castle-alley—the prisoner never slept in the house at all, but used formerly to lodge with me in Rose-lane, in September, when I lost my goods, and then came and slept at my house in Wentworth-street—that is the last place he lived at with me—he lived with me in Wentworth-street in January—he slept in the same bed with Barney Mahoney, my brother.





HARRIET ANWELL

re-examined. This watch is one of the five I lost—I lost also three silk handkerchiefs and seventeen German-silver spoons—my father opened the house in the morning—it is in the parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the robbery—on Monday night I left Mrs. Anwell's house about half-past eleven o'clock, and did not go there any more—on the Tuesday morning, between seven and eight o'clock, I went to Lawson's house, as he asked me to go, having something to sell me—when I went, he asked me to buy a watch—I offered him 10s. for it—he would not take it, and asked me 12s.—I left the house, went again in the afternoon, and offered him 12s. for it—he said he had pawned it, but offered to sell me the ticket, and said he had exchanged his watch with his brother for another one—I asked where he got it—he said he bought it of a man travelling with earthenware—there were four besides me turned up for this case.




GUILTY of Larceny only. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Williams.

