




1311. 




THOMAS SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of March, 1 bed, value 2l.; 1 bolster, value 4s.; 3 pillows, value 3s.; 5 streets, value 2s.; 1 bed, value 5s.; 3 quilts, value 1s. 6d.; 5 pillow cases, value 1s. 6d.; 3 blankets, value 9s.; 3 table cloths, value 1s. 6d.; 1 towel, value 6d.; 5 wine glasses, value 1s.; 1 decanter, value 6d.; 1 milk-pot, value 2d.; 1 trunk, value 2d.; 1 tea kettle, value 2s.; 1 saucepan, value 2s.; 1 frying-pan, value 3s.; 2 candlesticks, value 1s.; 1 tea-pot, value 6d.; 8 spoons, value 2d.; and 1 mattress, value 5s.; the goods of 



Abraham Booking; also 

8l. of 



Samuel Laysall, and 8l. of 



Jane Brown.






JACOB BOOKING
. I am a labourer, and live at Maplestead, near Halstead, in Essex. On the 9th of March last I went to the house of my mother, at Great Maplestead, and saw this letter there, my mother read it to me—(read,)
"To Mrs. Zackriah Smith, near the Rose and Crown, Halsted, Essex. "My dear Father and Mother—This comes with my kind love to you both, hoping to find you in good health, as it leaves us at present. Will you have the kindness to go to Mr. Laysall, with my best respects, and ask him to have the kindness to lend me seven or eight pounds, or as much as he can spare. I have taken thirty acres of land at Fullham, which I have no doubt will be very profitable. I have got forty pounds to pay down on the 18th of this month. There is ten fat pigs, three cows, two horses on the farm. I have got thirty pounds to take wages and bills at Lady-day, but that will not be enough without I can get the loan of seven or eight pounds. Mrs. Smith, will you have the goodness to send my arrange bed and bedstead, and all my things, up by Howard's wagon, next Tuesday; and please to go to Mrs. Edwards, and ask Jane if she will have the kindness to lend me three or four pounds. I will return it by Mr. Laysall, when he returns back from London. I will send for Mr. Laysall soon after Lady-day, to settle with him. I should very much like for Mr. and Mrs. Laysall to live with me, but that we will arrange when he comes up: and will you ask him to send me a leg of pork and a country cake. Please to put the money packed up inside the bed; and please to ask Mr. Laysall to pay the carriage, as I shall send a man for it. Please to get Mr. Laysall to pack the things up for me. Please don't disappoint me in sending the things up on Tuesday, by Howard's wagon. Please to tell my mother, Mrs. Bockin, I shall send her

something when Mr. Laysall comes clown from London. So no at present with my kind love to you all.
"A. and B. BOCKIN,
"Fullam, March 8, 1838."

Q. Who did you believe this letter came from? A. From my brother Abraham Booking—I packed up the things stated in the indictment belonging to him—there was 5l. of Mrs. Brown's, and 8l. of my brother's, sewn up in a corner of the bed—they were delivered on the 13th to Mr. Howard's wagon, which goes from Halstead—they were directed to my brother a Fulham.





SAMUEL LAYSALL
. I am a labourer, and live at Halstead. I seat eight sovereigns to Abraham Booking, believing they were for him.





JOHN THOROGOOD
. I am a porter at the Blue Boar, Aldgate. Two bales and other things came there by the Halstead wagon—the prisoner came and asked if there was any thing come by Mr. Howard's wagon, and he paid sixpence for them, and took them away in a truck.





ABRAHAM BOCKING
. I am brother to Jacob Bocking. This letter is not mine—I did not send for these things—I know nothing of it.





JOSEPH DUNMORE
. I am a carman, and live in Black Lion-lane, Poplar. On the 17th of March, the prisoner came and asked me if I could move a few goods for him at Paddington or Greenwich—he told me to get the horse at home, but he did not come that day—he came again the Monday—I moved a bedstead and other things for him, and he gave me this tea-tray.





ABRAHAM BOCKING

re-examined. This is one of my tea-trays, and one that they sent to me with the other things.

Prisoner. I can neither read nor write—I did not get the goods at all.





JOHN THOROGOOD

re-examined. I am certain he is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.
