





543. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     GUTERAGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, 1 lb. of sugar, value 6d.; 1 lb. of butter, value 1s.; 1 lb. of soap, value 6d.; 2 ozs. of tea, value 6d., and 3 lbs. of candles, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Spittle
                  




               
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SPITTLE
               



            . I am a potatoe-dealer
, and live at Hatton, in the parish of Bedfont. On the 7th of February
 I bought these articles; they were wrapped up in a brown paper parcel, which was in the tail of my cart, wrapped in a horse-cloth - I stopped at a neighbour's house on my way home, and stood talking with him; he told me to fetch my things in - I went to my cart, and missed this parcel; I had been in his house a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes - when I missed them I saw the prisoner going up the road; I called, and he stopped - I went, and found the parcel in his possession; I said,"What have you got here?" he said, "They don't belong to you;" I called my neighbour - we took him back, and gave him in charge.


                  CHARLES 
                  FELL
               



            . The prosecutor was talking with me- he went out, and missed his parcel; he called me - I went out, and saw the prisoner with it under his arm; he said it did not belong to the prosecutor; I asked how he got the things - he said, "They don't belong to you;" we took him back to my house, and he sat down and said again, "They don't belong to you."
Prisoner. I did not say they did not belong to him; I had picked them up on the road, as I was coming from my mother's - I had them when I passed the cart; I stopped as soon as he called me.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SPITTLE
               



            . I am certain they were in the cart when I arrived at Mr. Fell's; these are the articles.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
