





Before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
733. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of February
, 26 sovereigns, 8 crowns, 40 half-crowns, 10 shillings, 3 sixpences, 1 tin box, value 6d., and 2 purses, value 6d., the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Brown
                     




                  , his master, in his dwelling-house
            .


                  CATHERINE 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am the wife of John Brown. On the 18th of February my husband kept the White Swan in Breams-buildings




; the prisoner was our potboy
 - on Monday, the 18th of February I left the bar for a short time, and went into the cellar, between eleven and twelve o'clock, leaving the prisoner outside the bar; I turned the key of the bar door, and told him to look to it till I came up again - I was gone about four minutes, and when I returned I found the door as I had left it; I had occasion to go to the cupboard, where I keep the cash-box, and missed the box immediately - it was a tin box; I asked the prisoner where he had been while I was down stairs - he said he was standing there all the while; I asked him if he saw any one come into the bar - he said Yes, a tall man came in, dressed in black; I asked if he went inside the bar - he said he thought he did, but he could not say, and that the man asked if I was at home, and he said I was only gone down stairs, and the man said, "Never mind, I will call again," and walked out; I told him I had been robbed, and accused him of it, which he denied - a person came out of the tap-room, and said they thought he was guilty, and Lloyd, the officer, was fetched; they took him up stairs to make a search - the tin box contained a purse with twenty-six sovereigns, and a little bag with 7l. 11s. 6d.; the box was brought to me in about half an hour by Lloyd.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Where was the closet? A.Inside the bar; customers do not go there - the tap-room is between the bar and front door; there were three men in the tap-room - I locked the bar door and left the key in it; I persuaded the prisoner all I could to tell me where it was.


                  ANDREW 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner into custody; the witness Fleet handed the box to me.
EDWARD FLEET. I searched by the direction of Lloyd; I went into the yard and saw two or three persons looking for the box - the prisoner was in the yard, doing his work - I asked him if he knew any thing about the box of money which was lost; he said he did not - he did not point out where it was; I found the tin box up in a loft where lumber was kept - I had been up there once or twice before for a former landlady who lived there, and I thought it might be thrown there, and there I found it; I called to Mr. Brown to come and receive the box from me, but he did not, and I handed it down to Wheeler, who gave it Lloyd.
ANDREW LLOYD re-examined. Whether Wheeler or Fleet gave it to me I do not know, but the prisoner kept his eye on the loft, which made me suspect it was there, or in the cess-pool.
Cross-examined. Q. He kept his eye on the loft, and yet you thought it was in the cess-pool? A. Yes; the loft and cess-pool are both together; I meant the place where the water comes in; Fleet was reaching up there when the prisoner was looking up.
COURT. Q. The prisoner did not tell you where it was to be found? A. Just at the moment it was found, he told me where it was, and when it was found he told me he had stolen it to buy him clothes; he said, "You will find the box under the rafter on the left-hand side," and at that instant Fleet called out,"I have got it."
MRS. BROWN. This is our box - it contained twenty-six sovereigns and 7l. 11s. 6d. and this purse; I left no servant in the room with him - the maid servant was up stairs.
Cross-examined. Q. How long before you lost it had you seen it? A. Ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, and it was found in about half an hour; I couldnot exactly say how much was in it, but I know there was as much as this.
COURT. Q. You left him in charge of the bar, and found him still there? A. Yes; he said he had never lost sight of the bar; he was only four weeks in my employ, and slept in the house.
The prisoner received a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
