





2400. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of October
, 2 saws, value 11s., and 4 planes, value 9s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Tenant
                        



                     
                  ; 4 planes, value 18s; 1 square, value 4s., and 1 saw, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wooding
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 saw, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Lorkin 
                           Ely
                        



.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TENANT
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live at Southgate. On Friday evening, the 5th of October, I left these tools safe in the shop of Mr. Akers, my master; I returned at six o'clock next day, found the shop broken open, and my tools gone - I found the prisoner in custody with them on the Thursday following at Hatton-garden; I did not know him before; I had locked the shop, and was the last person there; the boards were wrenched off, and four locks broken off - the prisoner has but one arm.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODING
               



            . I work in the shop - four planes, a square, and a saw, are mine.
LORKIN ELY. I lost my saw from the shop; I had seen the prisoner at Southgate on the Friday night.


                  JAMES 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 6th of October, about a quarter to seven o'clock in the morning, I stopped the prisoner in Highbury-place, with a basket, and asked what he had got; he said a basket of tools, which he had brought from his lodgings at Crouch-end - he was two hours' walk from Southgate; I took him to Hatton-garden - the prosecutors afterwards appeared, and claimed the tools.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence (written). I met two men, one of whom I knew, whose name is Castles - Castles asked where I was going; I told him I was looking for a job - he told me he would give me 1s. some bread and cheese, and a pint of porter, if I would carry the basket as far as the Wellington public-house, in St. John-street-road; they walked with me nearly a mile, when he told me to cross a field, which would take me to the Lower-road, Islington, they following me at a distance, until they saw me talking to a Policeman.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
