






1483. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BISHOP
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BERRY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of May
, 1 waistcoat, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Harris
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  RAYNER
               



            . I live opposite Mr. Harris. On the 21st of May I was standing in my shop, with Sandell - I could see into the prosecutor's shop; I saw Bishop, and another person, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, go to the prosecutor's shop, and I saw the waistcoat go off - Bishop either concealed it in his apron, or under his apron, and they went away; I sent Sandell, who ran, and collared Bishop - I went over; we took him into the prosecutor's shop - the other person got away; I cannot swear that it was Berry.
Bishop. Q. What time was it? A. Between nine and ten o'clock; I was in our shop, near a little room we have there.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SANDELL
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Rayner's father. I was in the shop, and saw the prisoners standing close together by the prosecutor's door; this waistcoat was taken down - Bishop concealed it; I went and took him, and he dropped it - the other, who I believe was Berry, walked away.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I was passing the prosecutor's shop, and these two witnesses had Bishop in the shop; I saw Berry run across the street, and go up another street, towards Crabtree-walk - I took Bishop at the shop, and about twelve o'clock Berry came to the office with some provisions for Bishop, and I took him.
Berry. He first swore he only saw my dress, and the next time he said he saw my face. Witness. I deny that - I saw your face and dress too.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HUETSON
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Harris
               



            , a pawnbroker, opposite the Nag's Head, in Hackney-road. This waistcoat was inside his door - I did not see either of the prisoners.
Bishop's Defence. I was going by, and saw the waistcoat on the ground; I took it up, and put it into my apron - I never saw Berry that day till he came to the office, and said he heard I was in confinement for breaking a window.
Berry put in a written Defence, stating that knowing Bishop, he had taken him some refreshment, but denying he had been near the prosecutor's shop.

Berry. My father knows I was at home at the time.


                  THOMAS 
                  BERRY
               



            . I am father of the prisoner - he works at home with me as a brush-maker; he was at home on the morning in question, and went out to breakfast; I work in Holywell-lane - he was there at nine o'clock - he then went to breakfast, and returned at ten; that place is ten minutes' walk from the prosecutor's - he was in the House of Correction twelve months, on suspicion of passing bad shillings, but for the last twelve months he has been very steady.
BISHOP - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
BERRY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
