



834. 




HENRY PRICE
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering a building, within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Robert Onion, on the 
21st of February, at 
St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, and stealing therein 6 fowls, value 10s., his property.






JOSEPH ROBERT ONION
. I live in Wellington-row, in the parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal-green, near the Bird-cage. I have a fowl-house at the end of my garden—my garden is surrounded by a wall at the bottom, and a wooden fence at the two sides—the fence is all round my ground—I had five hens and one cock—on the 21st of February they were all safe at six o'clock, in the fowl-house—the same evening between eight and nine o'clock I heard something—I went to the bottom of my garden, and found it had been broken into—the wall was broken down, and the gate of the fowl-house broken open, and my fowls were missing—I found them at the station-house—these are them.





GEORGE ELAM
. I live in Bird-cage-fields, Bird-cage-walk, and am a rope-manufacturer—I was going into the field about eight o'clock that evening—I heard the fowls—I stopped a few minutes and heard footsteps, and stopped—the prisoner, and two others walked towards me—I walked on before them—I went to a neighbour's house, and left my jug for my beer, and then they got on before me—I followed the prisoner, who had the fowls in a bag, to Warren's-place, Hackney-road, where I met a policeman, who took him, when I told him he had got something which I thought did not belong to him.





JOSEPH ROBERT ONION

re-examined. The fowl-house was made with laths and wood, and was all fastened up safe—when I came again to it, it was broken, and the wall broken.





DANIEL LAMBERT
. I am a police sergeant. I received information and stopped the prisoner, with these fowls in a bag.

Prisoner. I was crossing opposite the Nag's Head, and a young man asked me to carry this bag—I had not, got it in my hand many minutes before the policeman stopped me.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
