



2187. 




WILLIAM JACKSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of August, 1 pair of trowsers, value 2s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; 1 hand kerchief, value 1s.; 5 cups, value 1s.; 6 saucers, value 1s. 6d.; 10 plates, value 1s. 6d.; 1 sugar-basin, value 1s. 6d.; 1 kettle, value 6s.; and 1 tea-pot, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 




Peter Clark: and 1 cloak, value 1s. 6d., the good of 



Martha Lee.






PETER CLARK
. I live at No. 8, Elder-street, White Lion-street, and am a French polisher. On the 31st of August, I had a kettle, and all these things safe in my kitchen—I missed them—Martha Lee went out and saw a woman in a cloak—in consequence of what she said the prisoner was taken—I found him at the station-house—all these things were taken from the kitchen.





EDWARD CALLAGHAN
 (police-constable K 100.) I met Martha Lee—she said, "Take this woman, she has got my cloak on"—my mistress has lost a great many things from No. 8, Elder-street—I went with the woman to where she lived, and the prisoner lodged there—I found this property in the bed that they said Jackson slept on, between the sacking and the mattress.





CHARLOTTE LOCKETT
. I am the wife of Thomas Lockett—I live opposite Mr. Clark's. On the 31st of August I saw the prisoner come out of Mr. Clark's door with a bag on his back, and soon after 1 heard of the robbery.

Prisoner. She said I wore a blue jacket and straw hat, which I never wear till I have done my work, and on Sundays.





WILLIAM CLAY
 (police-constable K 278.) I heard of the robbery, and made enquiry and found where the prisoner lived—I went there—he was not there—I left the house and went again—the prisoner and several other people came into the house—I recognised him from the description—he had this bag rolled up under his arm—I said, "Is your name Jackson?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Is this your bag?"—he said "Yes"—I said, "I want you for a robbery at Mr. Clark's"—he said, "I know nothing about it"—I saw the bed in the upper room, right under the window, where they said the prisoner slept—it was the second bed on entering the room on the left side—the next morning I went again, and found this straw hat and this blue jacket—the Magistrate made the prisoner put them on, and Lockett knew him by that—Callaghan found these things in the bed-room, but I believe not on that bed—this straw hat was under the bed, between the sacking.

Prisoner. The property was not found under the bed I sleep in, though

it was in the same room; there are several other persons live in that room.





MARTHA LEE
. I saw Amelia Farrer in Whitechapel-road, with my cloak on, when I went out with the child the morning after the robbery. I kept her in view till I saw the policeman Callaghan, and he took her—she took the officer to Glass-house-yard, where the property was found.




GUILTY
.* Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
