




131. 




ELIZA HOLMES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of November, 5 shirts, value 2l. 10s.; 5 pillow-cases, value 3s.; 4 towels, value 2s.; 2 table-cloths, value 14s.; 2 sheet value 16s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 8s.; 1 shift, value 4s.; and 1 bed-gown, value 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



William Whitten, her master.






WILLIAM WHITTEN
. I am a currier, and live in Little Queen-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields. On Saturday, the 15th of October, the prisoner came into my service as wet-nurse, at 10s. a week, and continued till Monday, the 28th of November—on the day before she left I missed a quantity of linen from my drawer—I charged he with stealing it next day, and gave her into custody—she denied the charge—I said I had such a good opinion of my other servants I did not suspect them—she than said, if she told me where my property was, she hoped I would forgive her—I said if I could make her no promise, I must know the particulars—she said if I would follow her up stairs, she would give me the duplicates—She went into the nursery, and handed me over fourteen duplicates—on examining, we missed a great many other things.





CORNELLIUS WINTLE
 (police-constable F 45.) On Monday, the 28th of November, the prosecutor gave the prisoner into my custody—she asked for forgiveness, saying she had two children—the prosecutor gave me fourteen duplicates, which I produce—I asked if she had any more—she said she had, and gave them to me, but those do not relate to this case.





GEORGE JOHNSON FRANCE
. I am shopman to Mr. Walter. a pawnbroker, High Holborn. I produce a sheet and table-cloth, which were pawned on the 25th of October, I believe by the prisoner, in the name of Eliza Whitten—but I cannot swear to her—the counterpart of the duplicates are among these produced.





WILLIAM RICHARD TUCKWOOD
. I am shopman to Messrs. Aldridge, pawnbrokers, in Orange-street, Bloomsbury. I produce a table-cloth, a shirt, a sheet, a pillow-case, and towel, which were pawned between the 21st of October and 14th of November, at our shop—I took in the sheets, bed-gown, and table-cloth, on the 14th of November, of the prisoner, for 17s.—the duplicates of them are here—they amount to 1l. 15s. 6d. altogether.





HENRY NEWCOMB
. I am shopman to Mr. Barker, a pawnbroker, in Holborn. I produce a sheet, which was pawned on the 25th of October, for 5s. 6d., by the prisoner; and also a sheet which was pawned with us, but not taken in by me—the duplicate of it is here.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
(The prisoner pleaded poverty.)




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
