



975. 




HENRY WHEELER
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Mills, on the 
10th of March, at 

St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and stealing therein, 3 blankets, Value 1l. 6s., his goods; and that the prisoner had been before convicted of felony.






JOSEPH MILLS
. I am a journeyman ironfounder, and live at No. 18, in Windsor-street, City-road, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch; it is my dwelling-house. About eight o'clock, on the 10th of March, I went into the parlour—I saw the prisoner standing against the table, the door was open—he got on the table and jumped out of the window the moment he saw me—I jumped out and followed him—I did not lose sight of him for a moment—he had got about thirty yards—when I got up to him he said, "I am innocent"—I had not charged him with any thing—I brought him back to my house and gave him into custody—my wife was in the room before I went in, and had put the child to bed ten minutes before—I found thee articles stated packed up in a bundle, ready to carry away—my door was fastened with a spring lock.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. He was not very long before he got out? A. No—I had a candle in my hand, which made me observe him better—he had a cord jacket, fustian trowsers, and a round cap—he had the same on when I caught him—when he was running I said, "Holloa, I want you"—I did not tell him what for—he was walking away from me when I came to him.





GEORGE BETLY
 (police-constable N 217.) I took the prisoner—he had a blue cloth cap on.





GEORGE SAYER
 (police-constable N 34.) I know the prosecutor's house—I was there about ten minutes before eight o'clock, and examined every shutter in the street, and every window was fast, except No. 10.—I searched the prisoner, and found this small whistle in his pocket—he said he was a cabinet-maker, and made this whistle.





HENRY ALLEN
 (police-sergeant N 21.) I got this certificate of the

prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was a witness on that indictment—he is the same person.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
