






Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
1591. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LANGLEY
                  




               
             was 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of September
, 2 boots, value 4s. 6d.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Tilley
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  TILLEY
               



            . I am a shoe-maker
, and live in High-street, Shadwell


. On the 12th of September, I saw these boots hang by the side of my door - I saw them safe about ten minutes before I missed them - I saw Clark looking in at my window just before - my neighbours gave me information, and I missed my boots about dusk - I went in search of them, and saw them between eight and nine o'clock - I saw the prisoners in the street, and gave them in charge of a policeman.


                  RICHARD 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a neighbour of Mr. Tilley. I was standing at my shop door, and saw the prisoners lurking about - I watched them for some time, and at last saw Langley go up to the door, and cut a pair of boots down - Clark stood four or five doors off - I had seen them together about there in the afternoon - Clark saw Langley cut them down - he came up to Clark, and both went away together - I went over and told Tilley - I went in search of them - I afterwards saw them pass by together - I pointed them out to the policeman, who took them.


                  CHARLES 
                  HITCHINGS
               



            . I am a policeman. I received information, and took the prisoners in charge - I asked Clark if he had been that was before in company with Langley - he said he had, and Langley said he had not - I had seen them together before myself.
Langley's Defence (written). The witness says that he saw me take the things down and give them to my fellow-prisoner as he stood at his shop door - I leave you to judge whether he could see my face as I was cutting them down,(if I had been doing so) from the other side of the way, for any one cutting them down must have had their back toward him; and, my Lord, it is very probable that if the witness had seen any one cutting them down he would have cried out to stop them - he also says that he saw us about twenty minutes afterwards, near the shop - I leave you to judge, whether, if I and the prisoner Clark (who was behind me, and I did not know him till we were both taken) had committed this robbery, I should have come near the same place so soon after.
LANGLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
