




38 




JOHN TAYLOR
 was again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of November, 30lbs. weight of worsted, value 5l.; the goods of 



Robert Archibald Burgh, his master; and 




JOSEPH COLLINGS



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, & c.


GEORGE TEAKLE (police-sergeant H 8.) I was in the Hackney-road on the night of the 10th of November—about eleven o'clock Collings passed me, down King-street, I followed him and Taylor to the house—on the next day, about half past nine o'clock, I went to Collings's house—I searched, and found these things in the back room down stairs, and this small parcel in a room up stairs—some of this is in entire skeins—I found some very damp—I asked Collings in the house if he had any objection to go with me to the station-house—he said, "Yes, to-night; but I will go with you in the morning"—I said, "You must go with me now"—he said, "Very well, if I must, I must" and I took him—that is all that passed.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did Collings overhear the conversation you had with Taylor? A. I believe so—he was at liberty that night, and all the next day, and I found him in his own house the next night—there were thrums and other such things in his house—I left the thrums and waste behind.





EDWARD M'CARTHY
 (police-constable H 96.) What Teakle has stated is true.





GEORGE BESWICK
. I was fourteen years old on the 12th of September, and live at No. 16, King-street, Hackney-road, with my father. I was in the service of Collings the first week or fortnight of November—I was there more than a week—I used to turn a wheel, and sometimes cut up worsted, or worsted fringes—Collings was a rug-maker, I believe—I have seen Taylor at Collings's very often, talking to him, about a week before I left—he

used generally to come about the time I used to go away; at about eight o'clock—I never saw him there in the day-time—sometimes he used to come twice a week—I did not know Taylor myself, only by seeing him come to Collings's—I saws him at Mr. Burgh's once, when I went with Mr. Collings to take some cotton-yarn.

Cross-examined. Q. You never saw Taylor bring any thing to Collings? A. No.





JAMES DEX
. I was in the employ of Mr. Burgh. I made a statement to my master of what had happened, after Taylor was in custody—to the best of my belief this composes a part of what was taken by me and Taylor, as we took the colours indiscriminately—these pieces were in skeins—we took them from our master's stuck.





ROBERT ARCHIBALD BURGH
. I have examined the worsted taken from the house of Collings. I am able to say that this is any property—it is what Taylor and Dex had an opportunity of taking—here is what was found up stairs.

JURY. Q. Is there any mark on this property? A. Yes, there is a mark, from its being a portion, the bulk of which I have—I missed a part of the bulk—a great portion of this has been worked and re-warped, to disguise it—these are entire skeins—they are called warps, and are used in the manufacture of rugs—it is not always customary for rug-makers to wash their worsted.

TAYLOR—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

COLLINGS—


NOT GUILTY
.
