





1796. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BULL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Todd
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. JOSEPH TODD. I have retired from business
, and live in Lancaster-place, Strand. On Saturday, the 1st of September, I was at the corner of Fleet-street and Bridge-street


, waiting to cross, and in less than two minutes I felt something touch my pocket, and on turning round to the right, saw the prisoner with my handkerchief in his hand - he instantly threw it down at a person's feet; I took it up, and called Stop him! I saw him turn down Bride-lane - I believe he was stopped going into Bridge-street; I walked down, and met him in the officer's custody - he had the same coloured clothes, but I did not see his features suffciently to identify him positively - heran away the instant he threw the handkerchief down.


                  JOHN 
                  ODOUD
               



            . I am a gardener, and live at Chelsea. I was standing at the corner of Bridge-street - I saw Mr. Todd standing for a cart to pass; I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief from his pocket - I am certain of his person; I saw him throw it down and run away - I followed him down Bride-lane, into another street, and the officer caught him: I am certain of him.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. Were you there accidentally? A. Yes, waiting to cross - several persons stood there waiting to cross; there was not a crowd - the prisoner went away immediately; I pursued him, and saw him taken - I had lost sight of him; nobody but him was running before me.


                  ROBERT 
                  MASON
               



            . I am an officer. I was standing in Bridge-street, and the prisoner came running down Bride-lane - he crossed the street; Odoud then came down, crying Stop thief! I ran across Bridge-street, and took the prisoner - I saw Odoud and Mr. Todd in about two minutes.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see any other persons running? A. Several - he was running first, and directly Odoud came up he said, "That is the person."(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A young lad was before me - there was a stoppage; I saw the lad behind the gentleman - he threw the handkerchief down; I took it up - the gentleman turned, and laid hold of it; I then ran away, conceiving the lad had done something wrong.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
