





338. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of September
, 1 watch, value 25s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Mitchell
                  




               
            .
JAMES MITCHELL. I am a labourer
 to Mr. Simmons, at Southgate, in the parish of Edmonton


 - on the 16th of September, 1832, I was getting up in my own house at two o'clock in the morning, to go with my master's cart - I heard a pane of glass fall into the front room down stairs - I came down, opened the door, and saw the prisoner - I knew him before; he was an acquaintance of my father, and lived in St. Luke's parish, at London - he came into the room, and took some beer and some victuals which was on the table - I keep the house - I am single - I let one room up-stairs to a woman of the name of Spikely - when the prisoner took the beer and victuals, I told him to make himself welcome - he said he was hungry and dry, and he was going to London - I went into the back place, and he ran off with a knife off the table, and a watch out of a time-piece stand - I went, and saw my young master - I do not know whether I told him what I had lost, but I told it to a man in London.
Prisoner. Q. What did I come to you that morning for? A. I do not know - I do not know why I went into the back place - you had a dog in a string - I did not buy it of you - I got to town about half-past five or six - I did not offer to compromise this for 2l.; but you said if I had a mind to go to a friend of yours, I should be made welcome, and you would give me 2l., and 4l. after you had been out a fortnight - I called on you the other day, because you sent for me to come to you by a letter, which you told the person to tear as soon as he had read it to me.


                  RICHARD 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol - I received information, and took the prisoner on the 20th of September last, at Hertford gaol - I waited till he came out- I read the warrant to him, and he said, he could get over this; he knew nothing about it.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I called Mitchell up at two o'clock that morning, and saw a man standing at his door - when Mitchell came to our yard, he said the man had stolen his watch and knife.
Prisoner's Defence. He asked me if I had a dog to sell- I said, "Yes;" and he told me to bring it down - I took it to him that morning - I said, "I have brought the dog"- he took it into the back yard - he asked me to have something to eat and drink, which I did - I then bade him good morning, and went away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
