





Before Lord Chief Justice Tenterden.
802. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     MAITLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 4s., and 1 brooch, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Feast
                     



                  ; and 1 watch, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Feast
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of Sarah Feast
            .
SARAH FEAST. I am a widow, and live in Church-street, Stoke Newington


 - I keep a butcher's shop; the prisoner was nearly twelve months in my service - my two sons, John and James, live with me. On Tuesday morning the 8th of March, between seven and eight o'clock, I was sitting in the parlour, by the side of my shop, at tea, with another son - James was gone into the shop to serve a customer, and John was not at home; the prisoner opened the door, and said, "Do you know, Ma'am, the front door is open?" we have a private door - I was so very much alarmed I ran out, and found the door open; there was no dirt on the stairs, she then said, "There must be somebody in the house;" I took the candle to look; there was no dirt on the stairs, nor any appearance of any body having been there - she said, "There must be some person in the house;" I went up with my youngest son, George, and the prisoner followed me up - as soon as I got on the landing-place I saw my bed-room door open, my drawers open, and things strewed about; I screamed out, and my son James, and the man he was serving, came up - I was very much frightened, and as soon as I recovered I saw a Policeman and strangers round me; I went up to a room on thesecond floor, and found the drawers pulled out and things strewed about in both the right and left-hand rooms - my son James called out, Mother, my watch and brooch, and John's watch are gone, the prisoner then walked into her own room, which is on the same floor - the Policeman and I followed her; her room was not in disorder, but she went to her box and said, They have been here too, the Police-man said, "Have you lost any thing?" she began talking hold of something, when was wrapped up? I think it was an old gown, and put it between her feet, on the floor - the Policeman said, "What have you got there?" she said, Nothing that belongs to my mistress;" he then took hold of it, opened it, and the two watched and brooch fell out - the man in the room said"No stranger has done this, you must be the person;" the Policemen said they must take her - I begged they would not, but they took her to the watch, she put her things loosely into her box, and went away with the key - a pair of silk stockings, a silk handkerchief, and a pair of under stockings, were found in her box, while she stood there - they were under the bundle the watches were wrapped in; the watches and all the things had been in my son James room, in a drawer - the Policeman came next morning, and asked if I missed any thing, I said, "Yes, a bit of silk," and I thought the paper, it had been in, laid in her bed-room - he fetched her key, and the silk was found at the bottom of her box, under the rest of the things.
Cross-examined by MR. DOWLING. Q. What day of the week was this? A. Tuesday - she was acquitted yesterday of stealing the silk, and I then preferred this indictment; it was the fault of the persons at Hick's-hall that this bill was not found before - I should not have gone up stairs if she had not told me the door was open; it was between seven and eight o'clock in the evening - she once brought me a brooch of my son's which she found; she was going to leave me on the Friday.


                  JAMES 
                  FEAST
               



            . I was serving a customer; I went up stairs - I saw the Policeman open the gown, and the watches and brooch fall out; one of these watches and the brooch are mine; I had seen them between nine and ten o'clock that morning, in my room, in my drawer, which is never looked - here are some stockings and handkerchiefs of mine, which were found next day; my brother's watch had been in the drawer with mine - mine is silver, and worth 4l. - I gave six guineas for it more that four years ago; I value the brooch at 1l. - it was made in memory of my father, and cost 28s.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you in the room at the time the prisoner's box was searched? A. I went in with the Policeman; her room was not in confusion - the things were strewed about in every room but the prisoner's.


                  GEORGE 
                  FEAST
               



            . This is my watch - I had had it four or five years; I bought it new, and gave five guineas for it - it is silver.


                  JAMES 
                  CLARKE
               



            . I am a Policeman. These things were found in the prisoner's box; the watches and brooch dropped from the bundle, which I saw her take out of her box, and place under her feet - I took the watches and brooch out of it.
Cross-examined. Q. Were they tied up in a bundle? A. No, wrapped up - she opened the box in my presence; it was not locked, but merely shut down - she was the first person who went to the box, and 
               drew
             the things out, the box is eighteen inches or two feet long and about fourteen inches wide.
Prisoner. The Policeman has not spoken one word of truth.




               GUILTY, of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            . See page 111
