





174. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COPPIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               receiving, on the 16th of October
, 15 umbrellas, value 5l.; 2 parasols, value 1l.; 2lb of cigars, value 36s.; 1 hat-cover, value 2s., and 1 memorandum-book, value 3d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hill
                        




. (See pages 3, 79, and 116.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  HILL
               



            . I have a shop
 in Goswell-street. On the 16th of October I lost a number of umbrella's, two parasols, some cigars, and a memorandum-book; I had left my premises safe on the 15th, and on the 16th I missed this property.


                  EDWARD 
                  GROGAN
               



             (police-constable G 183). On the 16th of October, I saw a yellow-bodied coach start from the rank opposite the prosecutor's door about two o'clock in the morning; I afterwards saw three men start from near the shop; I went round my beat, and then saw his door open; I gave the alarm.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BLUNDEN
               



             On the morning of the 16th of October, about two o'clock, I saw a person go into No. 8, Lower West-street, Smithfield-bars


, with a bundle, but from the distance I was off I cannot describe the person nor the bundle; it is the prosecutor's house - I afterwards saw a person come out and look round; the bundle seemed to be long.


                  GEORGE 
                  BUSH
               



            . I am a city watchman. About half-past two o'clock that morning, I saw a hackney-coach at the corner of West-street, Smithfield; three men got out of it, one of whom had a light-drab great coat, and the other a dark dress, and the other a short jacket; they went as far as the iron railings in front of the workhouse, and then the short one ran back after the coach.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Did you know the prisoner before that night? A. Yes - I did not say I thought one of the three men was Coppin; I said it looked like him with the coat with pockets at the side.


                  REUBEN 
                  BEADLE
               



             (police-constable G 75). Between two and three o'clock that morning, I saw a man go into Coppin's house with a light coat on; I went past the house and heard several men talking, as I thought, and Coppin stood at the door; he half shut the door too, and I saw two men standing in the passage; I afterwards saw a man come out dressed in blue or black - I went in the morning about a quarter-past eight o'clock, on the roof of the next house but one; I found seven umbrellas and these parasols in the gutter, and on the next roof some more; the house I went on had been open till two or three o'clock in the morning; the house next to Coppin's is always shut; the front-door is never open; but it is held by the man at the next house but one, named Webb, and he has a communication between them - when I crossed the roofs, Coppin's trap-door was open, and there were fresh foot marks from his trap-door to the place where I found the umbrellas - I then came down and went to Coppin's house; he was asked in my presence, why he did not open his door, which had been knocked at early in the morning, and he replied,"I did not wish to lie in the station-house all night" - the umbrellas appeared to have been thrown carelessly on two different houses.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. On a former occasion there were four persons tried? A. Yes; one of them was Coppin's daughter; her name is Hopkins - I heard that she had been fighting that night, and that the police had threatened to take both her and her father into custody - I stated on the former occasion that I saw Coppin at his door; and that he cried, "Whist, whist, here is the policeman coming," I cannot tell how many lodgers there are at No. 10 - it is a traveller's house, and the same man keeps No. 9 - I cannot tell where the lodgers slept that night - a person can get from No. 9 to No. 10, but to get from No. 8, to No. 9, or 10, you must climb over the roofs - I found Coppin, Langham, and Hopkins, and a child in the prisoner's house - I did not go into any room where any women were sleeping.

COURT. Q. Did you examine the trap-door of the prisoner's house? A. Yes; it had a button inside; no person from No. 9 or No. 10 could open it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you say anything about the button on the trap-door on the last examination? A. I had hardly time to say anything; if I had been asked, I should have told the same story, I have to-day - I did not see any bolt on it - I swear positively there was a wooden button on the inside, which turned on a nail or a screw - I did not mention about the trap-door to the magistrate.
JURY. Q. Did you try whether it would turn? A. No; I did not see any lock on the door.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SALTER BADCOCK
               



             (police-sergeant G 20). I went to the prisoner's house, and found a number of cigars, in various parts - there were a great many strewed under some bricks in the cellar; and a great many down the privy - I picked up two of them which were clean - I should think they had been put there the day previous; they were on the top of the soil - I had been watching at the back of the house, that morning, and saw Coppin looking out at the second-floor window.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you see the trap-door? A. No; I found Langham in the house- he was on the last occasion charged as one of the thieves - he had plenty of opportunity to put the cigars where I found them, or to go through the trap-door on the roof.
JURY. Q. Where was the privy? A. There was one in the cellar, and one in the yard.


                  THOMAS 
                  HEAD
               



            . I was an officer. I knocked at the prisoner's door, about five o'clock in the morning - I was not admitted; but a voice answered from within - "Who is there?" I said, "Coppin, let me in, I want to speak to you" - I looked through the key-hole, and saw a man run through the passage, in his shirt, with a candle in his hand - I went through No. 7, waited in the yard, and got admission into Coppin's house after eight o'clock- I went into the back-yard and found this skeleton key, this drop-latch key, this pocket-book, and this picklock - I was present when both the privies were emptied; but saw no tobacco found.
COURT to W. S. BADCOCK. Q. Did you find cigars down both the privies? A. Yes; I saw them - I did not see the privies emptied - I positively swear I saw them on the surface - I did not take them away; they were broken and destroyed; the greater part were in the privy, in the cellar.


                  THOMAS 
                  HEAD
               



            . I was there at the emptying of the privies; the soil was all washed through a sieve - I saw no cigars - I found this sixpence, this half-penny, and this piece of metal.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you not swear on the former occasion, that you were not discharged from the police, for any neglect of duty; and did you not afterwards state there had been five different reports against you? A. Yes, sir; but I explained the nature of it - I said, I saw a man, who I believed to be Pott, looking into Coppin's yard - I said, I was as sure I saw him, as I saw you in this place - I don't recollect that I swore positively he was the man - I afterwards heard four respectable persons called to prove that he was some miles off at the time - I was astonished at it - I saw those persons at the magistrate's office.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAKER ASHTON
               



             (police-sergeant G 11). I found this hat-cover on the cill of the back-window, at the prisoner's.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HILL
               



            . I cannot swear to this cover - I lost one like it, and of the same size - I can swear to this pocketbook; it has my writing in it - I believe these umbrellas are mine - here is one I can swear to - I lost a number of cigars.(Witness for the Defence.)


                  THOMAS 
                  COPPIN
               



            , Jun. I am the prisoner's son - I live in the same street, but not in the same house - I know the trap-door of my father's house - there is no button inside it, or outside; it has not been fastened lately; but we used to fasten it with a padlock, the hasp is on the cill, and the eye is on the door, about four or five inches from the edge - there is an opening through the ceiling, and from there, there is a trap-door to the roof - there is no button on either of them - my father's is a lodging-house, and so is Webb's, and the next door - I was at my father's, this morning; there was no button on the trap-door, nor any hole where any screw or nail have been in; the hasp and eye are there as usual.
JURY. Q. What led you there this morning? A. To let a lodger out of the loft, as we bolt them in their rooms, at night.
COURT. Q. Is that the general practice of the house? A. Yes; if not, they might get out, and take things with them, as they have done before; we don't shut the trapdoor; but we always see the lodgers in and out - I keep a lodging-house opposite my father, but not so large a house as his.
Q. And you mean to swear, and expect us to believe that the trap-door is always open? A. Not the outside trap-door, that has a bolt, and is always bolted night and day; the persons who lodge at my father's, pay a few half-pence for the night.
COURT to R. BEADLE. Q. Was it the outside trap-door you spoke of? A. Yes; the ceiling had no door that I saw.
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 57. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
