





183. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FARRELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, I handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Dilnot 
                           Wildish
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM DILNOT WILDISH. I live in Waterloo-place, Pall-mall, and am steward to the Union Literary Club
. -On the 9th of November I had been out about three hours, and had my handkerchief safe when I left home - it was silk, and worth 3s,; I used it frequently, and can say it was safe half an hour before it was missed, which was about one o'clock, when I was near St. Bride's church, in Fleet-street


; there was a crowd passing - a great many persons were walking together, on the footpath: I felt my handkerchief taken, and turned round - I saw the prisoner and another person with him; I concluded it must be one of them - I laid hold of the prisoner, in cousequence of seeing the end of the handkerchief hanging out of his pocket; I asked him what he wanted with my handkerchief - he said he knew nothing of it: his companion walked on - I took my handkerchief from his pocket; there was an officer on the spot, and I gave it to him - the prisoner said at the watch-house that he hoped I should not appear against him, for if I did he should be sent out of the country.


                  GEORGE 
                  FREDERICK POOLE
               



            . I am inspector of St. Bride's watch. I was close to the prisoner when the prosecutor put his hand into his pocket, and took the handkerchief out - I saw nobody in his company: I took him into custody, and Wildish claimed the handkerchief.
JURY. Q. Did you see the prisoner take the handkerchief from the prosecutor? A. No. I saw the prosecutor take it out of the prisoner's pocket.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about the handkerchief; I do not know how it came there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
