



2305. 




JOHN RICKARDS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
19th of September, at 
St. George, Bloomsbury, 1 coffee-pot, value 16l.; 1 stand, value 3l.; 1 lamp, value 30s.; 50 spoons, value 40l.; 25 forks, value 27l.; 10 ladles, value 13l.; 1 fish-knife, value 3l.; 1 egg-stand, value 6l.; 6 egg-cups, value 7l.; 2 cream-jugs, value 5l.; 2 sugar-dishes, value 5l.; 2 tops of sugar-glasses, value 4l.; 2 sugar-sifters, value 30s.; 1 ten-pot, value 10l.; 1 dish-cover, value 2l.; 1 butter-knife, value 15s.; 3 castortops, value 30s.; 2 cruet-stands, value 7l.; 1 mustard-pot, value 1l.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 8s.; 4 decanter-stands, value 5l.; 4 waiters, value 36l.; 2 knife-rests, value 1l.; and 1 bread-basket, value 12l.; the goods of 



John Tullock and another, his masters, in their dwelling-house.







MARY ANN LONG
. I am house-maid in the service of Messrs. John and James Tullock, of Montague-place. The prisoner entered their service on the 8th of March last as footman—he had the care of the plate, which was kept in the pantry—I was in the pantry on Sunday, the 18th of September, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, the prisoner was there also—I saw every thing as usual—I cannot swear that it was all there—I saw some of the plate there—I saw three waiters—there were four, but I cannot say I saw more than three that evening—and I saw the tea-pot and milk-pot—some part of it was on the dresser—the tea-pot and milk-pot went up for tea at nine o'clock—I remained in the pantry a few minutes—the prisoner went out once that evening between seven and eight o'clock—I think that was the time, but I am not positive—it was before I was in the pantry—he staid out about half an hour—I supped with him that night between nine and ten o'clock, and I saw him at eleven o'clock—he slept in his pantry—next morning I went to call him to breakfast, at about a quarter after eight o'clock—I called him, and not receiving any answer, I went into the pantry, and discovered that he was gone, and all the plate—the plate-basket was out of its usual place, the lid open, and no plate in it—it was the prisoner's duty to shut the house up—I believe he did so that night, but I cannot say—he was the last of the servants up on Sunday night—I missed a small wicker basket or hamper which had been in the passage down stairs, it had a small handle to it—I informed my master—I had heard the prisoner take up my master's water as usual, at about seven o'clock on the Monday morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was it Mr. John Tullock you mentioned it to in the morning? A. Yes—his sister hires the servants—Mr. John belongs to the Guardian Firs Office—two brothers, a sister, and a cousin, all live together—I do not know whether they share the expenses among them—it was the custom to have out as many as five dozen spoons for ordinary use, and four pairs of candlesticks—we lost two dozen forks, I believe, and three pairs of candlesticks—there are three servants, a cook, the prisoner, and myself—the basket was a small one, which master had some game sent in.





MR. JOHN TULLOCK
. I keep the house in Montague-place, in conjunction with my brother—the plate belongs to us jointly—my sister has no share in it whatever—I cannot tell what quantity of plate we had—we had a silver coffee-pot and stand, a silver lamp, and some silver spoons—I cannot speak to the total amount the prisoner had the care of—I should suppose there must be a dozen of each sort, table and dessert spoons, forks and knives, ladles, fish-knife, egg cups, two cream-jugs, two sugar-dishes, a ten-pot, a dish-cover, a butter-knife, three castor-tops, a cruet-stand, a mustard-pot, pair of sugar-tongs, decanter-stands, and knife-rests—they were all silver, and were worth a great deal morn than 5l.—the tea-pot I know to be worth more than 10l., and the coffee-pot and stand 18l. or 20l.—on Sunday, the 18th of September, I breakfasted at home—I went out of town, and returned in the evening, about eleven o'clock—I recollect seeing one of the

waiters with the toast-rack on it at breakfast—the milk-jug, tea-pot, spoons, and every thing necessary for breakfast—the prisoner attended at breakfast—when I came home at night I called for some water, and the prisoner brought me some on the silver waiter, which I should think it was worth about 10l.—I saw the prisoner next morning, about seven o'clock, or a little after—he brought my shaving water, and took my clothes away to brush—Long gave me information a little after eight o'clock, and the instant I received it I went down stairs—I am doubtful whether I went into the pantry then or after I had made inquiry—I went out, and called the porter of the Museum—I spoke to him and another person near the house, and I think I instantly sent off to the police-office to apprize them of the robbery—I saw the prisoner when he was apprehended, I think that was on the Wednesday night following—I do not think I spoke to him when he brought me my water—he made no communication to me about my loss.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you have a character with him? A. My brother got his character from a very respectable gentleman, who holds an official situation in the Treasury—if we had not had a very good character he would not have come to my house, and I believe that gentleman had his character from the late Mr. Lambert, whom he lived with twelve years—I do not think it was usual to have quite so much plate out, but I think he asked for some to clean—I am a director of the Guardian Office—I am in partnership with my brother as merchants—I hold the house on a lease from Mr. Birch—it is granted to me individually—we pay the rent out of our joint funds—my sister and cousin reside in the house, but they have no interest whatever in it—my brother and I have lived with each other for twenty years—the prisoner's wages were twenty-four or twenty-six guiness, besides two suits of livery, and great-coat, and the usual at ceteras.






RICHARD SANDERS
. I am porter at the British Museum-gate, which opens into Montague-place, and live in Leonard-court, Museum-street. On Monday morning, the 19th, I opened the gate at six o'clock—I have known the prisoner since, he has been in Mr. Tullock's service—I have seen him many times, and spoken to him now and then—when I opened the gate I saw the prisoner come out of the area gate of Mr. Tullock's house—I said he was up very early—I never saw him up so early before—he said nothing, but smiled, and walked on towards Russell-square—he must have heard me—he had nothing with him that I saw—he came back in about half an hour afterwards or rather better—I asked him in a friendly way if they had done with the work people in the house—he made no reply to that, but said some of the family were going away that morning by the steamer to Ramsgate.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you full opportunity of seeing him? A. Yes—he had black breeches, white stockings, red waistcoat, and a striped morning lilac jacket—no great coat or cloak, nor any parcel or basket it his hand—I know M'Carthy as the sweeper at the corner of Montague-place.





JAMES M'CARTHY
. I live in Neal's-yard, Great St. Andrew-street. I stand at the corner of Montague-place, and go on errands for gentlemen who want me, and sweep the street at Montague-place. I go there about half-past six o'clock every morning, and remain there all day, at the crossing at the end of Montague-place and Russell-square—on Monday, the 19th of September, I went there about half-past six o'clock in the morning—I have known the prisoner for about six months, by living at Mr. Tullock's—I saw him that morning, about half-past seven o'clock, coming from

Montague-place towards Southampton-row—he had who baskets with him—one was a kind of mat-basket, which they carry poultry in, and such as carpenters carry their tools in, the other was a hamper—he told me, some of the family were going out of town, and he was going to Ramsgate to the steamer—he then went on.

Cross-examined. Q. When did any body first ask you about this matter? A. I do not know the man—he is nor here now—I was standing at the corner of a crossing when the man spoke to me about it—it was about eight o'clock on the very morning it happened—I told him what I had seen—I was called into Mr. Tullock's kitchen, and told him what I had seen—Sanders asked me if I had seen the footman go by—I said, "Yes, with two baskets," and he said, there was a robbery of plate committed—he told me he had seen him about six o'clock, to the best of my recollection—I was not taken before the Magistrate till the second hearing—I was never a witness before in my life—I expect to get something by this—whatever they please to give me—no one has told me I should get any thing—I always understood they got something for it—I heard so in this yard, from the policeman Collier—I asked him if I should get any thing for it, and he said yes, I should he paid for it—he said he did not know what, perhaps I might get 2s., and perhaps nothing at all.

Q. What, it would depend on what was the end of it? A. Yes, I thought it was generally the rule, 3s. 6d.—the prisoner was dressed in his livery when he spoke to me—he had a light striped jacket on—I did not notice his trowsers, or whether he had a stick in his hand—I have been at the stand about two years—I saw the policeman the same morning at Mr. Tullock's—I have seen him go by there of a morning—I never talked to him before—one of the baskets the prisoner had was a flag basket, just as if there was poultry in it—the policeman asked me if I knew what he had in his hand—I said, "Yes, two baskets"—he did not ask me if one was a hamper—he asked me what sort of baskets they were, and I told him one was such as they carry carpenters' tools in, and the other a small hand-basket, which opens at the top.





BENJAMIN GOOSE
. I live in Gower-mews, North, and drive a cab for my father. On Monday morning, the 19th of September, between seven and eight o'clock, I was in the rank in Southampton-row—the prisoners called me, and got into the cab—he had two small basket with him, kind of hampers, similar to flag-baskets, with a lid to open at the top—he told me to drive him straight on—he did not say where to when he first got in—I came down King-street, and got very nearly into Holborn before he gave me any direction; he then told me to turn to the left and go to Hatton-garden—I had got into Holborn then—I drove him to Charles-street, Hatton-garden—he got out about the middle of the street, and went down Saffron-hill, through the posts—he said he should come back, and asked me if he should pay me then or when he came back—I said when he came back would do—he took the baskets with him—he returned in five or six minutes—he had not the baskets with him then—he got into the cab, and asked me where I was going—I told him I was going back to Southampton-row—he went to a public-house in Charles-street—came out and paid me—he said he was going into Lombard-street—he treated me, to a drop of something to drink, and discharged me.

Cross-examined. Q. Did both the baskets open at the top? A. I won't be sure whether the little one did—the big one did—I did not take

much notice of them—I was applied to by Collier, the policeman the same morning about eleven or twelve o'clock, in Southampton-row—I cannot say how he found me out—I had seen the prisoner about the neighbourhood before, but had not spoken to him.





GEORGE COLLIER
 (police-constable E 38.) On Monday morning the 19th of September, about ten o'clock, I received information respecting the robbery, from the superintendent of the police—I went to Mr. Tullock's and examined the premises, and in consequence of information, I made search after the prisoner—I met with him on Wednesday evening, the 21st of September, in Leather-lane, Holborn—I followed him, and overtook him in the lane—I did not know him before—I only had a description at him—I said to him, "Halloo, Tom, I have got you at last," and took him into custody—he said, "It is all up with me, I am safe to be bellowsed," that is a flash word among thieves. meaning, being transported for life—I asked him what he had done with Mr. Tullock's plate—he said he would sooner be hung on the gallows at Newgate before he told me, so as far Mr. Tullock to have it back again—he said he was man planted, and sold like a bullock—he told me he had sold the plate for £32, and that Mr. Tullock should never have it back—I took him to the station-house—I had to go to St. Giles's station-house with him, and on the road had to pass Mr. Tullock's—on getting there I let go of the prisoner's arm, and knocked at the door—immediately I let go of his arm he ran away—I pursued and overtook him, he resisted and fought, but I secured him—I searched him, and found twenty sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and two shillings on him.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know M'Carthy, who has been examined? A. I was not acquainted with him at all, till this took place—I have seen him in the street, nothing more—I have not had any talk with him about this, more than to tell the truth, and nothing but the truth—that is the advice I have always given him—his friends told him he would get 3s. 6d. a day here, as he had lost his work—I told him he would have his expenses paid—he asked me whether he would have 2s. or 3s. 6d.—I said that depended on the Court, if he had lost his time he might have 3s. 6d., as he was twenty-six years of age, as he told me—I did not tell him it would depend on the result of it—I know Mr. South-gate, who keeps a lodging-house in Charles-street, Drury-lane—I have seen Thomas Keen—I only know him by seeing him—I have never been in his company above twice, which was the day before I apprehended the prisoner, and the day I did apprehend him, to the best of my belief—I never saw him before that to my knowledge, not to speak to him—I did not know where he lived till I received information of the robbery—I do not know that he has been transported—he was brought to me by his mother—he was employed under Mr. Southgate—I did not know Mr. Southgate until the robbery took place—I went to his house—I don't know where I saw him last, I swear that—I never saw him since the day the prisoner was apprehended, when I went with him to different places.




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
