





Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
1218. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 17th of July
, at St. Martin in the Fields


, 70 yards of velvet, value 7l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Morgan
                        




                     
                   and another, in their dwelling house
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  SNENDELL
               



            . On the 17th of July, I was crossing from Long-acre to Drury-lane, and I saw the prisoner come out of Mr. Morgan's shop, with a bundle under his left arm - I asked him what he had got - he d-d my eyes, and asked what it was to me - he knocked me down and ran away - he dropped three parcels near Broad-court, and I secured him with one - he was never out of my sight - he ill used me very sadly - I have been under the doctor's hands ever since - the bundles were picked up - they are black velvet - he had one when I took him.
FRANCIS MORGAN. I am a linen-draper
, and live in the parish of St. Martin in the Fields. I am in partnership with 
               
                  Robert 
                  Memont
               



             - I was called down stairs about twenty minutes or half-past nine o'clock - I found the velvet gone from the shop, it had stood about two feet within the door of the shop - three pieces were brought back by the next witness - I saw the prisoner with the other at the station-house - it is worth £7 altogether - that is rather under the value, I had seen it ten minutes before.


                  GEORGE 
                  GEDGE
               



            . I was in Drury-lane, and saw the prisoner coming from Mr. Morgan's shop, with a bundle under his left shoulder - Snendell asked what he had got, and where he was going to take them - he said, "What is that to you," - he turned round, and hit him in the mouth - I picked up three pieces of velvet at the corner of Broad-court - I saw him drop them, and saw Snendell take him.


                  JOHN 
                  BAYS
               



            . I am a policeman. I was on duty in Duke's-court, and heard the cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner taken into custody - I have the velvet.
FRANCIS MORGAN. There are about seventy yards, of it - it is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I deny all knowledge of the crime, against me - I know nothing of it - I thorw myself on the mercy of the court - another man was charged with striking him at the office.



               GUILTY
             - Aged 18. 


               Transported for Life
            .
