





1849. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MYDDLETON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of August
, 1 boy's dress, value 5s.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; 1 pair of boots, value 2s.; 1 frill and collar,value 1s., and 1 pinafore, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Newton
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        William 
                        Newton
                     



.


                  JAMES 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a gate-keeper of St. James'-park. On the 31st of August I stopped two boys from going into the Park, because they had pinafores on; the prisoner came and asked why I turned them out - she went away with them; I saw her talking to them a few yards from the gate, and then lost sight of her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRICK
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 31st of August I found two poor children close to Shoreditch church, crying - they were stripped; I made inquiry, and another constable found their parents out two days afterwards; I took one of them to Shoreditch poor-house.


                  PATRICK 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I am a labourer. On the 31st of August I saw one child crying in Shoreditch, it was a boy; he had nothing on but a pinafore, and a small pair of trousers.


                  CAROLINE 
                  MARTHA NEWTON
               



            . I am eleven years old. I went to the Park with my two little brothers; the keeper would not let us in, because we had pinafores on, and I was not old enough to mind them; the prisoner came up, and told us to keep inside the Park; I said the keeper would not let us; she spoke to him; she then came and told me to go round to the Horse-guards' gate; she was then within a few yards of Storey's-gate; she gave me a penny, and said, "Go and get a penny worth of apples" - I had some playthings and an apple in my lap; she said, "That apple is not large enough for you, go and fetch a pennyworth;" I went, and when I came back she was gone, and my two brothers too - I was not gone long; I said, "William and Johnny don't go away"- she said, "No, I'll take care of that;" one of them is six and the other four years old.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HAWKRIGG
               



            . I belong to Aldersgate-street parish. The prisoner was given into my custody at Guildhall on another charge; I heard of these children being stolen, and had her detained; Newton took his children to the prison - they are too ill to be brought here, and have been so ever since.


                  ROBERT 
                  NEWTON
               



            . I live in Tothill-street, Westminster. From Wednesday to Friday I was in the greatest distress about my children, and out day and night; I found one in the workhouse in Shoe-lane, and the other in Shoreditch workhouse - the youngest had a pinafore over him, with his little trousers; the other had scarcely any thing on - I took my daughter, Caroline, to the prison; all the female prisoners were turned into the yard; she pointed the prisoner out among twenty, immediately; I have not found their clothes.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not strip the children, or take any thing from them - I was at Red-Lion-square in the evening from half-past four o'clock.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
See page 831. - There was also another indictment against her.
