



1848. 




JOHN PILGRIM
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of August, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 




Joseph Steffenoni, from his person.






JOSEPH STEFFENONI
. I am an upholsterer, and live in Holborn-bars. On the afternoon of the 12th of August, I was walking in Smithfield-market, and perceived a lad taking my handkerchief from my pocket—I turned round, and caught the thief with the handkerchief in his hand—the prisoner was then standing by the side of me—a crowd got round me soon after I got hold of the thief—the prisoner wanted me to let the lad I had hold of go—he was rather violent at first; and he pinched me, and threatened to mill me, and floor me—he pinched me very much about my arms—he threw me down at last—I had hold of the who had the handkerchief about ten minutes, and then he got away, in consequence of the interference of the crowd and the prisoner—who was very active.

Prisoner. I was coming up Smithfield with my master, and hearing the cry, "Let him loose, "I went up, and asked what was the matter—I heard the others say, "Let the poor boy go," and I said so innocently, not knowing what it was, the same as the rest—the gentleman laid hold of me, and tore my button off—he would not let me go, and I laid hold of his collar—that was all I did—I did not know who stole the handkerchief, what boy it was, or any thing about it, till I saw the crowd, and asked what was the matter. Witness. The prisoner was close to my elbow at the time I turned round, and found the handkerchief in the lad's possession—the lad stood right at my back—when I turned round, the handkerchief flew—I took hold of part of it, and the thief the other, and I snatched it off—the prisoner wanted me to let the boy go, but I would not—he tried all he could to raise a mob, and then called on them to floor me—the lad caught hold of my stick, and I was obliged to let go, and the officer came up—if the prisoner had not interfered, I should have secured the boy who took my handkerchief.






JOHN HAM
. I am a ward beadle of Farringdon Without. I was in Smithfield at the time this happened—I heard a cry for an officer, and went up—the prosecutor had hold of a about eighteen or twenty years of age—the handkerchief was in the prosecutor's hand—nobody else had hold of it at the time I came up—I asked him if he called for an officer—he said, "Yes, this lad has stolen my handkerchief"—I said, "Have you recovered it?"—he said, "Yes, this is it"—I then said to the lad, "You must go with me"—the prisoner came up and said, "What have you to do with this?"—he was a foot or two from me—(he came round to me—he was standing at my back)—I told him that was my business, I was an officer—he said, "Oh, leave the lad alone, "or something of that sort—I said, "I shall do nothing of the kind"—I went to take hold of the lad, and the prisoner seized me by the collar—I then laid hold of him in my own defence, and was engaged with him for upwards of five minutes—my shirt was torn from my back by his violent conduct, and he completely succeeded in rescuing the lad from my custody, and I lost him—the mob made a great cry of "Tread him down, knock him down"—they backed the horses against me, and the prisoner excited the mob—he said, "Run him down"—I had three horses backed against me at one time—there were between thirty and forty persons round me—several tried to trip me up, but I would not let him go—some persons came to my assistance—the prisoner was on the spot when the boy was struggling with the prosecutor, and he was the means of my not taking hold of the thief.

Prisoner. I deny touching the man at all—he laid hold of my collar, to drag me to the Computer. Witness. When he laid hold of me, laid hold of him—he laid hold of me first.





CHARLES METCHAM
. I live in Euston-street, Westminster. I was passing in Smithfield when this occurred—I saw Ham come up and endeavour to take the boy—this prisoner was endeavouring to press the prosecutor down, and rescue the boy—I watched him several minutes—he followed the prosecutor, who had the boy by the collar, and endeavoured to rescue him, but he held fast, and refused to let the boy go—the prisoner endeavoured to persuade him, and when he found he would not, they tried to rescue him—the prisoner was the fore-leader of them—he was at the back of the prosecutor almost all the time—he said, "Down with him, down with him, run the horses over him"—the prosecutor called for an officer, and they secured him, and called me to their assistance in the King's name.

Prisoner. I deny saying any thing about the horses at all—I was not near them—I was just by the mob—I heard them, and went as I have stated. Witness. I followed down the market, and found they were resolved to give the boy into custody—Ham had all the vigilance an officer could have, or I do not know what would have happened.
(James Long, farrier, of Great Ormond-yard; John Hayworth, coachman, of Rathbone-place; and—Hale, livery-stable-keeper, the prisoner's master, gave him a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported For Fourteen Years.
