



23. 





JOHN ARMSTRONG
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




John Laurence, at 
St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, about two in the night of the 
27th of October, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 4 keys, value 2s.; and 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence, his goods and monies.






JOHN LAURENCE
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Cambridge-road, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green. The prisoner was formerly my apprentice—I went to bed on the night of the 27th of October, about half-past ten o'clock—my servant Emma Frost secured the house—my wife touched my elbow several times in the night which awoke me—I felt a draught come on my face, and was convinced that my room door was open—she still kept touching my elbow—I looked on one side and saw somebody's face opposite my bed, close to the drawers—he was at one of the drawers—it was not light enough to distinguish his features—I jumped out of bed and seized him by the leg—he got away—I followed him down, and stood in the passage to listen where he was gone to—I did not go into the kitchen—I heard a noise and ran into the garden, where I found the prisoner, and secured him—I sent my son for a constable, who took him in charge—on going up stairs I found one of the drawers in the bed-room open, with a key in it which had been taken from my pocket, which had been at the head of my bed with four others—I missed from my pocket, what silver I had the night before, which was about half a crown—I saw the prisoner searched at the station-house—five keys were found upon him, four of which were mine, and two shillings and a sixpence—I am sure I lost as much as that—I also missed a silver watch, two gold seals, a gold key, and chain from the drawer—they not been found—I had not seen them in the drawer for a fortnight before, not having gone to the drawer—I am certain my room door was shut when have I went to bed—my wife came into the room last, but I am sure the door was shut—it could be opened from without—there is a door at the top of the cellar stairs fastened by a button—a person could come that way to the room, and I found the edge of that door and door-post scratched as if it had been prised open, and the corner of the button was broken off—that would enable a person to come to the stairs leading to my room—when the policeman knocked at the door, I shook the prisoner, and said, "You villian, who are you?" he answered that he was "Jack"—I knew his voice—he went by that name when he was apprenticed to me—it was about half-past two o'clock.

Prisoner. It was about half-past ten, or twenty minutes to eleven o'clock when I entered the house—I went up the cellar-stairs, but the button of the door was not broken off—he could not see my face, it was against the wall—he came into the kitchen where I was, and felt round, and was within four inches of me—when I got into the garden he put me into the hands of my fellow-apprentice. Witness. My other apprentice came down—my wife brought my trowsers and coat down—the apprentice held him while I put them on, and then I held him again till the policeman came.






EDWARD CLAXTON
. I am a policeman. On the morning in question I was called to the premises by the prosecutor's son, and took the prisoner in charge—the prosecutor was standing by him—I searched the prisoner at the station-house, and found 2 shillings and sixpence, and five keys on him—the prosecutor claimed four of the keys, and I afterwards received the key of the drawer—as I took him to the office, I asked him if those were the and keys he had taken from the prosecutor's trowsers—he said, yes he did, the 2s. 6d. in money—I noticed the cellar-door post, and the button—it had been broken away by some instrument.





EMMA FROST
. I am servant to the prosecutor. On the 27th of October I made the house secure—I recollect the cellar-door—I went down five or ten minutes before I went to bed for some wood, and buttoned the door after me—I am certain the other doors and places were secure—I saw the button next morning—part of it was broken, and the door wrenched open.





JOHN LAURENCE

re-examined. These four keys are mine, and this one which was in the drawer.

Prisoner. I wish him asked about my character. Witness. I had rather not be asked about it—he once took the shoes out of my house and pawned them—I pardoned him for it—he went away, leaving part of my work unfinished, and the rest he took away, and I have never seen it since.
(The prisoner put in a paper stating that he was in a state of starvation at the time, which tempted him to commit the offence,)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.
