



215. 




THOMAS SORRELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of December, 1 box, value 3d.; 30 glass bottles, value 2s. 6d.; 2 1/2 gallons of oil, value 23s.; and 3lbs. weight of paint, called Vandyke brown, value 30s.; the goods of 



Charles James Jones and others.






JOHN SHOOTER
. I am in the service of Charles James Jones and his partners, who are oil and colourmen, living in Leadenhall Buildings, Grace-church-street. On the 3rd of December I had some goods to take to various customers in a waggon—I had two boxes, containing thirty glass bottles, and some oil and paint, directed to Mr. Hitchcock, Taunton—this is the box—I was in Fore-street between five and six o'clock, and left my waggon for about five minutes, at the outside—I returned and saw this box in the middle of Fore-street—I had left it sale in the waggon—I saw the prisoner in custody immediately afterwards.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. It was getting dusk, was it not? A. Yes—I was gone about fire minutes, not more—I went down to Batch's yard to get in with the waggon—I had desired a boy, named Robert Speare, to mind the waggon—I do not know whether I desired a woman, named Meakins, to watch the waggon—I gave a woman 1s. for coming before the magistrate to give evidence—I did not take her before the magistrate myself—she was there, and was examined.





ROBERT SPEARE
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Jones. I was out with the waggon—this chest was in the waggon—when Shooter went away, I was standing by the waggon on the pavement side—I heard the cry of "Stop thief"—the prisoner was brought back within a few minutes.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know a woman named Meakins? A. I do not—I saw a woman before the Alderman—I do not exactly know whether it was that woman that called "Stop thief"—I was at the other side of the waggon—I saw the woman there—I was there to look after the waggon—I do not know whether the woman was looking after it—the prisoner was brought back about two minutes after the cry of "Stop thief"—the woman was there then—I cannot tell whether she saw him—the prisoner was brought back to Batch's—I saw them take him up Moor-lane.





DANIEL FIGGINS
. I am a porter to Mr. Le Marchant, of London-wall. I saw this waggon in Fore-street—I was on the pavement, and saw the prisoner on the wheel of the waggon, with a half-chest in his hand—he took it from the waggon, threw it down in the street, and ran off—I cried

"Stop thief," and pursued him—he was stopped close to my feet—I am certain he is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. How far was he from the cart when stopped? A. He ran down New Basinghall-street, and turned down London-wall into Aldermanbury—he turned four corners and went into four streets—it was dark, and a good many people were about—I saw a woman there with fruit—she called out "Thief," which made me look at the prisoner—it was her calling out that first drew my attention to him—a woman was examined before the Alderman—I cannot tell whether she had a good opportunity of seeing the person—it occupied two or three minutes from the time he left the waggon till I overtook him—I was on the off side of the cart, on the same side as the prisoner—his back was to me.

COURT. Q. Were the gas-lights burning? A. They were—I never lost sight of him—he was taken close at my feet—I swear positively he is the person.





THOMAS M'LENNAN
. I am an officer of the City. On the night in question I saw the prisoner in Aldermanbury, running—I pursued him and took him.

Cross-examined. Q. How far is that from the corner of Moor-lane? A. I cannot exactly say.





CHARLES JAMES JOKES
. I have partners. I sent Shooter out with two boxes of this description.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you attend before the Alderman? A. I did—the woman was not examined on oath—she could not take her oath as to the identity of the individual.

Prisoner's Defence. I am entirely innocent.





MARY MEAKINS
. I was keeping a stall at the corner of Moor-lane. The waggoner told me to give an eye to the waggon as he went away—whether he went to a public-house or down Moor-lane I do not know—I looked at the waggon, and saw some man go up on the side of the wheel and take out one of the boxes—I said to him, "What are you doing?" and he dropped it; but who the man was I cannot say—I did not take notice of him—he went away—I could not swear to a man by his back—I saw the prisoner in custody before the Alderman—I do not know whether he is the man.




GUILTY
.* Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Recorder.

