




790. 




THOMAS CHARLES DIXON
 and 




ELIZABETH SULLIVAN


were indicted for 

stealing, on the 
11th of February, 8 pairs of stocking, value 8s.; 6 pairs of braces, value 3s.; 2 bells, value 2s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; and 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.; the goods of 



Benjamin Whitcombe
.





BENJAMIN WHITCOMBE
. I deal in earthenware and other goods. On the 11th of February I came up from Woolwich and went into the Rose and Crown, Wentworth-street, Whitechapel, about four o'clock in the afternoon—there were about five persons in the tap-room—I was there all the evening—I took a basket and bundle with me, and laid it on the tap-room table—the bundle contained the property stated in the indictment—the prisoners came in together in the course of the evening—Dixon asked me to drink with him, and I did—he was a stranger to me—we remained there the latest—all the other people were gone, and my bundle was safe in the basket as when I put it there—the prisoners went away about twelve o'clock—immediately after they were gone I missed the bundle—no one could have taken it but them—no others were there but them, the landlord, and myself—about three o'clock in the morning the policeman brought me my bundle, and the handkerchief had been changed—I had a silk handkerchief on the outside; and when it was found by the policeman a cotton handkerchief was substituted—every article is my property.

Dixon. Q. Did I ask you to drink? A. Yes; you were then together.





LAWRENCE HENLEY
. I keep a public-house. I remember the procesutortor and the two prisoners being there—the male prisoner was the last out of my house—the woman went eight or ten minutes before—I am certain Dixon had no bundle—I cannot say I saw the prosecutor's bundle—I saw the basket taken in as I stood at the bar—I have seen the prisoners come into the tap-room before—I do not know where they live—I cannot say I have ever seen them together before the night in question; but I have seen them drink at the bar—I brought them a glass of rum, and Dixon asked the prosecutor to drink—they were the last of my company—the

woman had a shawl on—I cannot tell whether there was any thing concealed under it—I did not take notice—I am quite sure the man had no bundle—I spoke to him as he went out—he had no bundle.

JURY. Q. Was the prosecutor drunk or sober? A. He was not sober.

Dixon. Q. Were not you and I and Thomas Brown and his son playing bagatelle all that night, and I kept chalks? A. No.

Sullivan. Q. Was not this young man and I sitting at one end of the table, and keeping chalks—I kept the account; and I asked you to let me out—you said, "I will let you out presently;" and then I sat down, and you let me out about a quarter before three o'clock? Witness. It is not true; there was no bagatelle—I have got a bagatelle board.

Dixon. Q. Did you not come to my door at half-past three o'clock, and knock, and get admittance, and then you had a policeman to fetch up to take me in charge? A. Yes; I asked the policeman, and he told me where he lived.





BENJAMIN WHITCOMBE

re-examined. I was not drunk—I knew what I was about.





WILLIAM ROWLAND
. I am a policeman. The prosecutor and the landlord came and told me of this—I told the landlord where the prisoners were to be found—he described them to me—I have known them a long time—they both reside together—I went to their lodging with my brother officer and the landlord—their room was at the top of the house—the back room—in the same street—about 150 yards from the public-house—it was a little after two o'clock—I found them up stairs, in the back room—they were not in bed—I searched the room all over—I found nothing; but there was a quantity of soot in the stove, as if something had been put up the chimney—Dixon was very violent, and threatened to put us out of the room—we went down, and my brother-officer picked up the bundle in the yard—I had been in that yard before, and there was no bundle there—the handkerchief had soot on it.

Dixon. I can swear it never entered my house, and there are eight more windows that look into that yard.





WILLIAM ROWLAND

re-examined. The prosecutor was able to know what he was doing perfectly, though I dare say he had been drinking.





BENJAMIN WHITCOMBE
. These things are all mine except this cap.

Dixon. I went to the house at half-past eleven o'clock, and stopped till two o'clock, playing at bagatelle—I lost half-a-crown—Mr. Brown's sons had a pack of cards, and they won 15s. of the prosecutor—they cut for the lowest number—the female prisoner had money—I asked her to give me 1s. more to get a glass of brandy-and-water—she would not—she went out—she said she had got a candle, and would get a light of the policeman—in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour I went home, and Mr. Henley came and knocked—I let him in, and he hunted about, and said, "Tom, come along with me"—I said I would not—he called the policeman, and the officer said he had seen the yard, and there was a bundle there; and can any of them swear that they saw the window opened or shut during the time?





WILLIAM ROWLAND
. When the landlord went up, I was in the yard—I expected that they would throw something out—the landlord then called me; and while he called to me, they shut the door, and then they threw it out of the window.

Sullivan. Is it likely that such a bundle as this went out without

people seeing it? if I had gone out with a mob of persons it might, but I went out alone.

JURY
to
BENJAMIN WHITCOMBE. Q. Did you play any game? A. No; I saw a game was played.

DIXON—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

SULLIVAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Seven Years.
