





1288. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DAFFRON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of May
, 1 watch, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Tringham
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TRINGHAM
               



            . I am a Police-constable
, and have been so about two months - I lodge at Paddington


 in the same house with the prisoner; I went to bed at a quarter-past nine o'clock in the back room first floor, on the 28th of May - I took my watch out of my pocket, and put it on the mantel-piece - the prisoner slept in the same room, but not that night; he had been discharged from the Police the same day, at twelve o'clock, this was on a Friday- he slept that night in the watch-house; he came into the room while I was in bed, and took the watch - one of the mens' wives was sitting up to call her husband to go onduty; she saw the prisoner come in, and she awoke me about ten minutes past eleven o'clock; my watch was then gone- I got up, put on my clothes, went with two other men, and found the prisoner in the New-road; I told him I missed my watch, and asked what he was in that room for - he said to get a book which he had in his basket; I told him I had missed my watch, and suspected him - he denied the charge; I told him I must take him into custody - he said he would go into custody, as well as any where else, as he had no where to go; I took him to the watch-house, and just as we got to the door, he said he hoped I would not prosecute him, but he had taken the watch, and produced it out of his trousers pocket - I never allowed him to take my watch, nor gave it him to clean; it had been cleaned three days before.
Prisoner. Q. You remember the 25th of May, when you and I had a little conversation, and I said I had cleaned some clocks? A. Yes - my watch was in my hand, and I said I had had it home cleaned; I did not ask you to look at it - you did not say it had no cap; I did tell the Magistrate I did not suspect you till I found you had packed up your things - I knew you had a basket; I do not know what you had to pack up; it took me rather better than half an hour to get up and go to the Angel and back; I did ask where you had been after you left the station, and you said at a public-house - I asked what public-house, and you said you did not choose to tell me; I do not know that you showed me the public-house - I did say if you would give me my watch I would not prosecute; I was not examined at the watch-house - I did not hear the serjeant or any one say, "If you don't mind what you are about, you won't get your expences;" after I got out of the witness' box, the serjeant stepped up - I do not know what the Magistrate said to him, nor what answer he made - I will swear I do not recollect it; he did say, "I have nothing further to say, but I wish to put the prosecutor right in his evidence."
Prisoner's Defence. On the 24th of May, being off duty, I was at the Duke of York public-house, opposite to where I live, and which house we use; I cleaned three clocks there, and on the next morning I told the prosecutor I should lay in bed that morning, having had something to drink - he asked me to look at his watch; I looked at it, and said, "It has no cap to it, but it has had one;" he said he supposed he must have lost it, and asked if I could get one: on the morning of the 28th I went up to the room - I found him in bed, and I believe asleep; I called him twice - he answered me the second time - I said, "Shall I take your watch?" he said Yes: I took it, and went to the public-house; I staid, I suppose, an hour and a quarter - I then left it on my way to town, and very shortly afterwards I met the prosecutor, who said, "You are wanted at the watch-house;" I did not know what for, but I returned with him - in going along he said, "Where have you been?" I said, "At the public-house here, on the green, but I don't know the sign;" in coming along I showed it to him - there were two Policemen at the watch-house; he did not speak to either of them, but said to me"Come up here, I want you;" I went with him about twenty yards up the street, and he said, "I want my watch- give it me, and I won't prosecute you:" I gave it him, and said, "What does all this mean?" he then took me, and gave this evidence.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
