



1399. 




JAMES BAYLEY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
6th of June, 1 mare, price 15l., the goods of 



John Arnold.






STEPHEN FLEMING
. I am constable of Hornsey. The prisoner was given into my custody on Saturday, the 6th of June, by Mr. Arnold, upon the charge of stealing his mare—I searched him, and found a duplicate and a Smithfield horse-ticket, in a bag containing some linen—I took charge of the mare for the prosecutor.





JOHN ARNOLD
. I live at Old Weston, in Huntingdonshire, seventy miles from London, and am a miller—I lost a mare on the 6th of June—I had seen her safe on Friday, as late as nine o'clock—she was turned into a little paddock—the gate was shut; she could not stray—I missed her about six o'clock in the morning—I came off immediately to London, on the Boston coach—at the Wellington-bar I saw the mare—I knew her immediately—she was grazing, and the prisoner was lying on the grass—she seemed to have sweat a great deal—I took hold of the mare, and he asked what I was going to do—I said if he would come with me I would tell him—he followed me a few steps, then turned into Mr. Johnson's fields—he then ran about a furlong, and was stopped by a person—I accused him of stealing the mare—he said he hoped I would forgive him—it was accidentally that I found her—I did not know the prisoner—I gave the mare up to the officer.





HENRY WILSON
. I am toll-keepcr of Wellington-bar, near Highgate. About eight o'clock I heard a cry of" Stop thief"—I went out, and caught, the prisoner, and held him till Mr. Arnold came up—he resisted, and tried to throw me down.





WILLIAM JACKSON
. I was at the bar, and helped the toll-keeper—I saw the mare pass the Wellingtou-gate—the Whetstone-gate, clears that bar—the prisoner was riding on the mare—he showed me a ticket of the Whetstone-gate

stone-gate—it was a brown mare—after he had gone through the gate, I went into the toll-house; and in half an hour I saw Mr. Arnold on the mare, and the prisoner running after him.




GUILTY
. Aged 56.—


Transported for Life.
