





1419. 
               
                  ANN 
                  ANDREWS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of June
, 1 half-crown, and 13 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Carter
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM CARTER. I drive a cab
. On the 30th of June I was in Gray's Inn-lane, between two and three o'clock in the morning; I had spent the evening with a friend, and drank a little, but knew what I was about - I was going home; the prisoner accosted me, and asked me to walk with her - I walked with her; I went out of my way - in a quarter of an hour I was about leaving her, and felt my money was gone from my breeches pocket- it was thirteen shillings and a half-crown; I am sure it was safe when I met her - I accused her of robbing me; she denied it, and said she had no money about her, that I must have made a mistake - I laid hold of her arm; a constable came up, and I gave her in charge - as she went to the station-house I saw my money drop from her pockets; I am sure she said she had no money about her- I had taken no liberties with her.
THOMAS DUNSFORD. I am a Policeman. I was on duty, and saw the prisoner and prosecutor - he charged her with robbing him of 15s. 6d.; I asked what she had done with the money - she said she had no money but 2d., but when we had got about a hundred yards towards the station she put her left-hand into the pocket-hole of her gown; I said, "Keep your hand from your pocket" - as I drew her hand out a half-crown and six shillings dropped on the ground; she then began to kick and be disorderly - I was obliged to hold her arms; I got my fellow-officer to pick the money up - she fell down in struggling, and seven shillings more dropped from her.
Prisoner's Defence. This man met me, and asked if I was going home - he put his hand across my shoulder; I had the money in my bosom - he said, "You have got money;" I said, "That is immaterial to you" - he asked where I lived; I said he could not see me home - he walked with me to the middle of Laystall-street, and gave me a shove; the Policeman came up, and he gave me in charge, but said he did not know what money he had lost- he dragged me along, and the money being in my bosom, the string of my gown broke and it fell; his pocket had a hole in it, so that he could not have money in it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
