





941. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     MORRELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of May
, 1 copper, value 25s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Ratcliffe
                     




                  , and fixed to a building
            .


                  JOHN 
                  RATCLIFFE
               



            . I live at No. 6, Little Exeter-street, Lisson-grove


. I had a copper fixed at the back of my premises; I missed it early on the morning of the 7th of May; I saw it safe at nine the night before; I have seen it since and know it is the same.


                  JOHN 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I lodge at a coffee-shop, next door to the prosecutor. I saw the prisoner there that night, but did not see him go out; but about four in the morning I saw him with a copper on his shoulder - there had been a disturbance at the coffee-shop all night - there were twenty other persons there and the prisoner; they were pulling the seats up, and breaking the place to pieces - I did not see where the prisoner got the copper, but he turned down a street, and I told what I had seen.


                  PETER 
                  GLYNN
               



             (police-constable D 151). I was on duty about four in the morning of the 7th of May, in Lisson-grove - I saw the prisoner come out of Duke-street with his hands very dirty, and when he saw me he pretended to be very drunk - I went round my beat and in about five minutes I saw the prisoner again in Dukemews; I went into the mews and saw the copper, the prisoner was then gone out another way; I looked for him, but could not find him - I took the copper to the station, and the next morning I fitted it to the place where it had been - I know that coffee-house, it has had a bad character, and has been reported.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TIMSON
               



            . I saw the prisoner at the mews, but did not see the copper in his possession - he came running into the mews, and stopped when he saw me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HORSFORD
               



             (Police-inspector D 6). I saw the prisoner coming towards me and took him.
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that he had gone into the coffee-house in a state of intoxication; and came out as there was a disturbance there, but was innocent of any robbery.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
