





1326. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MUNDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of June
, 48 pairs of stockings, value 1l. 16s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Alpe
                  




               
            ; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


                  JOHN 
                  CHIPPENDEN
               



            . I am a porter to Mr. John Alpe, who lives in Love-lane, Aldermanbury


, and is a hosier
. On the morning of the 3rd of June I was going into his premises, between eight and a quarter past eight o'clock -I saw the prisoner coming out with forty-eight pairs of stockings under his arm; he was coming out of the passage - I called to a man, and said the man had got my goods; the prisoner ran up Silver-street, and in Monkwell-street he dropped these stockings, which I took up and carried to the Compter - they are worth 9s. 6d. a dozen; the warehouse door was locked and I had the key in my hand - it had been entered by a wooden square which had been forced in, and the stockings laid within reach of it, on a counter.


                  CHARLES 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am warehouseman to Leach, Tweedy, and Co. I saw the prisoner come out of the prosecutor's with these stockings - I pursued, and took him in Hart-street; I never lost sight of him.


                  GEORGE 
                  HAZLEWOOD WORRALL
               



            . I am a constable. -I received the prisoner and these stockings.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JAMES 
                  SNOW
               



            . I am an officer. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office - (read) - I know him to be the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
