





836. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of February
, 1 basket, value 2s.; 3 shirts, value 8s.; 1 table-cloth, value 3s.; 1 night-gown, value 1s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 1s.; 4 collars, value 3s., and 2 caps, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Nelson
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker, and live in Willow-walk. On the 19th of February, about half-past seven or eight o'clock at night, I saw a cart going along Old-street-road


; a person emerged from the tail of it - when I first saw him there appeared to be something descending from the cart; he ran against me; I passed him, and he stopped, as if to pull up his shoe; he then whistled, and some person on the other side whistled - I crossed the road, and told the Policeman; we crossed, and pursued the prisoner, who then had this basket; he turned a corner - we lost sight of him for a moment or two, but got sight of him again; he was taken; the Policeman asked where he was going; he said Home; he then asked what he had got; he said he did not know - he asked where he got it; he said he found it in Old-street-road.



                  WILLIAM 
                  ARKELL
               



            . I am a Police-constable. Curtis spoke to me; I crossed, and saw the prisoner carrying this basket - he was going at full speed; we pursued him- he turned, and we lost sight of him - we then caught sight of him again, came up, and took him; I asked what he had there; he said he did not know, and that he found it.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  NELSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Nelson
               



             - we live in Andrew cottage, Hornsey-road. On the 19th of February I put this property into the basket - it was put into a cart to go to Ely-place, Holborn; the boy who drove the cart is not here - it was a square cart, without a tilt, but about three feet deep; I was in the cart, and saw the basket safe about five minutes before it was taken - it could not have fallen out; the tail-board was up.
Prisoner's Defence. I live with my father, who keeps the Five Inkhorns public-house, in Shoreditch; I was returning home, and saw this in the road; I took it up; when the officer took me I said I did not know what I had got; I deny that I whistled, and who dropped it I do not know.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
