



2351. 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
29th of September, 2 capes, value 1s.; 3 yards of merino, value 12s.; and 2 yards of woolen cloth, value 8s.; the goods of 



Joseph Allkins.






MARY ALLKINS
. I am the wife of Joseph Allkins, and live in Wey-mouth-street, Marylebone—I keep, a wardrobe. On Saturday evening, the 29th of September, about eight o'clock, I was in my back parlour, the prisoner was about the shop, and I saw him run away very suspiciously out of the shop—I ran after him—I lost sight of him, but found him secreted in a doorway, with his face toward the door—I accused him of robbing me, he denied it, but I gave him in charge—this property was dropped in a street which he went down, while I pursued him, but I did not see him drop it—he had gone down another street—this property is mine—I had seen it safe about half an hour before.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What distance did you find him from your shop? A. I found him in Westmoreland-street, three streets from Weymouth-street—I should think it is a quarter of a mile—my back parlour is eight or nine yards from my front window, where I saw the person—a man gave me the two capes, and a woman gave me some other property.





SAMUEL LOWEY
. I live in Little Chesterfield-street. I saw the prisoner running with some things under his arm, and as he came to the rails he dropped them—I took them up and sat by them—a woman came and took them, and gave them to the prosecutor—the prisoner is the boy that dropped them.

Cross-examined. Q. What time was this? A. A little before eight o'clock—I did not go after him, but stopped by the things—I saw him run across.





THOMAS ALLEN
 (police-constable D 154.) I took the prisoner, and found two-silk handkerchiefs, one round his neck and the other in his pocket—they are not the prosecutor's—they are quite new and not hemmed—I asked where he got them from—he would not tell me, but I found the bills of the shops—he had purchased them both.




GUILTY. Aged 18.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.—

Transported for Seven Years.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.

