





OLD COURT. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18TH.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin
578. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     GEAR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of February
, at St. George, Hanover-square, 2 sovereigns and one 50l. Bank note, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Holmes
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  HENRY 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I live in Mount-street, Grosvenor-square, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square


. The prisoner had been about six weeks in my service; in consequence of missing property, suspicion fell on the prisoner who was my only servant
 - Mrs. Holmes, in my presence, stated to her that she had lost a great deal of property, and must have the key of her box, which she readily gave up; Mrs. Holmes searched her box, and found nothing; I told her I should send for an officer, and have her examined - she made no objection to it, but remained in the house quite unconcerned; Goddard came, and she was taken into custody - I am a hair-dresser; I had missed two sovereigns and a 50l. note - my 50l. note was found between the mattress and bed in my sister's room; it had been taken out of my cash-box that day, the 13th - on my promising the prisoner I would forgive her, she took me up stairs herself; she took the 50l. note from between the mattress and bed, and gave it to me; I had said if she would acknowledge where there was part of the property I would forgive her - I had missed it that day with the sovereigns from the cash-box.


                  HENRY 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, and accused her of stealing the property - she denied all knowledge of it; I left the room to search her bed and boxes, and when I came down she took Mr. Holmes up stairs - she soon after returned with the 50l. note, and we asked when she took it, she said "Last Saturday night," meaning the Saturday week; that she took the sovereigns at the same time, and had bought a veil - that the reason she put the note under the bed, was to watch an opportunity to get her master's keys, and return it to the cash-box.


                  HENRY 
                  HOLMES
               



            . This is my note - it has my initials on it.
GUILTY. Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .




               Recommended to Mercy by the prosecutor, having had an excellent character with her
            .
