






OLD COURT. - Saturday, May 17th, 1834.
Fifth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Littledale.
818. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     WATKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of March

, at St. Martin-in-the-fields, 8 sovereigns and 3 half-sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Richard Hudson 
                           Telfer
                        



                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
RICHARD HUDSON TELFER. I am a hosier

, and occupy the house, No. 10, New-street, Covent-garden, in the parish of St. Martin-in-the-fields



. I sleep in the house - the shop is part of the house - the prisoner came to the shop on the evening of the 4th of March, and wanted two half-sovereigns for a sovereign - I took a bag of gold from my pocket, and gave him two - he objected to the coinage - he wished for one with the Fleur-de-Lis on it of a more recent date - I put my hand into the bag, and turned some gold into my hand - and in looking for the coinage which he wished for, the prisoner said, "Allow me" - he reached over the counter, and put his hand on the gold, pretending to look at the coinage - he said he should know the coinage immediately; and, after looking for some time, he said there was none there - I again put some more gold into my hand, and some on the counter - after looking at it for about five minutes, he said he was sorry to give me the trouble, there was none of the coinage they wanted, and then left the shop - on leaving the shop, I observed him put a handkerchief from his left hand into his right hand, and put his right hand into his breeches pocket - I heard some money rattle - I had observed that handkerchief in his left hand all the time he was in the shop - as soon as he was gone, I suspected he had taken some of my money - I counted my money, and found it was 9l. 10s. deficient - I had 39l. 10s. in gold, in my bag, before he came to the shop - it was in my left hand breeches pocket - I had counted it within half an hour before he came into the shop, and within five minutes of his leaving the shop, I counted it again and found only 30l. - I had not taken any money out from the time I counted it, up to the time he came in - while he was looking at the money, he touched it with his hand - part of it was in my hand, and part on the counter; and he held his hand over my money-bag as I held it in my hand, pretending to look for it - he had his handkerchief in his hand all the time he was in the shop - I did not see any thing done to that handkerchief - I looked outside the door, but could not see him - he was gone five minutes before I discovered my loss - I did not pursue him - I thought it useless - my gold consisted of sovereigns and half-sovereigns- I cannot say how many of each I missed exactly - I supposed there were about three half-sovereigns deficient - there were about eight sovereigns deficient - 9l. 10s. in all - the bag contained nearly all sovereigns - I had not quite so many as six or eight half-sovereigns in the bag - there might have been five or six - I saw the prisoner again at Bow-street, about a month after - I knew him again - I believe I had seen him before he came into my shop - I knew him instantly when I saw him at Bow-street.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Is it your custom to count your money in your bag of an afternoon? A. Yes; I did that in compliance with my usual custom - I trust to my memory as to the amount - I counted it between six and seven o'clock - it could not exceed thirty-five minutes between the times of the first and second counting - I have not a doubt of the quantity of money in my bag - I am quite positive that more than five whole sovereigns were taken - I cannot say how many half-sovereigns there were- I will undertake to swear that five whole sovereigns must have been taken - the impression on my mind is, that eight or nine whole sovereigns must have been taken, but there might possibly be five or six half-sovereigns.
Q. Do you remember stating before the magistrate that the person who took the money was not more than half a minute in your shop? A. No; I said he was a very short time - I do not think I said half a minute - it was done instantly - I might have used the phrase without meaning so short a time - it was done in a very short time - he was examiningthe coin for nearly five minutes - I think it was nearer five minutes than half a minute - I believe he was in the shop more than two minutes altogether - I could not say - I had seen the person before, I am sure - I could not say how long before, but I had seen his face before - he had either been a customer or on a similar errand, but I never lost money in a similar way - my attention was directed to the money more than to the person of the man - his left hand was close to the money - within a quarter of a yard, I should think - he touched the sovereigns with his right hand with a single finger - in the first instance I gave him two half-sovereigns for the sovereign, and he gave them me back, and I gave him his sovereign - he put it into his pocket immediately - five weeks elapsed before I saw him in custody - I saw him in the lock-up room, and recognised him among a number of other prisoners - I believe I had more than two minutes to look at his person and the money too - it might have been five minutes, but could not exceed five minutes- I know his person well.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent - there is a prisoner in prison who so corresponds with me, (and he acknowledged it) - if you will call him into court, my Lord, and see if the prosecutor can identify him - I had a tumour cut from under my tongue, by Mr. McMurdo, the surgeon, and he called this other prisoner the next morning and asked him how his mouth was, taking him for me.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWNE
               



            . I am a turnkey in the prison - there is a man named Lindsay in the prison, very much like the prisoner - a stranger might certainly mistake one for the other at first sight.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WADHAM COPE
               



             (governor of Newgate). There is a man named Lindsay in custody, charged with stealing three sovereigns - he appears to me to resemble the prisoner a good deal.
Q. Suppose you had seen one of the men only once in your life, is there such a resemblance that you might instantly have mistaken one for the other? A. There is - I have made that mistake in the gaol, and even took one man for the other - I had seen them, I think, only twice - the charge against him is for a theft committed in a similar way - he has been tried and convicted.
MR. TELFER re-examined. He had a hat on all the while he was in the shop.
(Lindsay was here brought into Court, and both prisoners put on their hats.)
MR. TELFER (looking at Lindsay). The difference is so great, I should recognise them instantly - I am positive the prisoner is the person.
JURY. Q. After seeing the two men together, do you believe the prisoner to be the man - are you fully satisfied he is the man? A. I am quite positive of it - I knew him by sight before - I am positive he is the man - I knew him when I first saw him at Bow-street, and I had seen him in my shop before.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is there not a similarity between the men? A. I do not perceive much; there certainly is some likeness - I have not the slightest doubt of him; and when I saw him at Bow-street, he had the same dress on as when he came into my shop, which he has now changed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.
Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.
819. 
               
                  ALEXANDER 
                  WATKINS
               



             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April, at St. Martin-in-the-fields



, 10 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wilson
                        



                     
                   and another, in their dwelling-house
            , to which indictment he pleaded



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
