





85. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROWNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of October
, 4 pair of sheets, value 10s.; 4 pillow cases, value 2s.; 2 bolster cases, value 2s.; 2 table-cloths, value 15s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 5 lbs. of sugar, value 3s.; 3 ounces of tea, value 1s.; and 1 piece of flannel, value 3d.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Marshall
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  MARSHALL
               



            . I live in Cleveland-street, Fitzroy-square


. The prisoner came to lodge at my house; I had a leather trunk and a deal box in the room he slept in - they were both locked - on the 11th of October, I put into them the linen stated in the indictment, and locked the trunk and the box - the prisoner staid until the 18th, when I went into his room and examined the trunk and box - the trunk was broken open, and four pair of sheets, two bolster cases, three table-cloths, and a handkerchief taken - the prisoner did not come home that night - he came in the next morning, and I gave him the key of the room as usual; he went to the room, and while he was there, I got a policeman - while he was in the room he removed two more table cloths from the trunk - I came up with the policeman, and found the table-cloths outside the trunk, and on examining the deal box that was broken open, that had not been broken open the day before, some tea and sugar was taken from that box - the tea and sugar and table-cloths are here - nobody could have broken open the box but him; nobody else had been in the room - these articles are mine - I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Marshall
               



            .


                  EDWARD 
                  BELL
               



            . I am a police-sergeant. On the morning of the 19th, I went to the prisoner's room with Mrs. Marshall - Mrs. Marshall requested to be admitted; he would not open the door; I burst it open, and found him sitting on the bed - two table-cloths were lying on the top of the trunk, and the box was broken open, and under the bed I found the tea and sugar - Mrs. Marshall pointed to the bed the prisoner slept in, and in that I found two jemmies, which corresponded with the marks on the box - when I got him to the station-house, in his waistcoat pocket, I found a handkerchief, which the prosecutrix identified.
Prisoner. The handkerchief is my own. I bought it of a shop-mate.
MRS. MARSHALL. The handkerchief is mine; I swear to it; I am sure it is mine.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 48. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
