



222. 





ROBERT AMBROSE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of November, 6lbs. weight of chain, value 1l., the goods of 




Charles Yewan, his master.






CHARLES YEWAN
. I am a stone-mason, and live at Parson's-hill, Woolwich. I lost a sling-chain, which was safe on my premises on the 8th of November—the prisoner was in my employ as a labourer—I did not miss it till I received information, and found it at the constable's house.





LEWIS EVANS
. I am a private in the Royal Marines. On the 10th of November I went to an alley at the back of Mr. Yewan's premises, and saw the prisoner come into the alley, stop there about a minute, and then break into Mr. Yewan's premises by getting through a hole in the railing—soon after I heard the rattling of a chain, and he crept out with the chain—I followed him to another street, where he offered it for sale, but the man would not buy it—I went and inquired for a constable, and while I went to the constable's house he threw the chain down—I ran after him, but lost him—this was on Saturday—I saw him again on Monday, working on the road—I did not know him before, but I am sure he is the person.





JUDITH CAMPION
. I am the wife of William Campion, a constable. On Saturday, the 10th Nov., Mr. Evans came to my husband's shop-door, and asked for a constable—I heard a chain drop—I went out, picked it up, and took it into my house—Mr. Yewan afterwards claimed it.





WILLIAM CAMPION
. I am a constable of Woolwich. I received the sling-chain from my wife—I took the prisoner on the Monday—he said he had offered it for sale.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. Evans asked me to sell his great coat, and to sell the chain—he then said he would go and take me to the constable, unless I gave him 2s. or 3s., and I gave him 1s.—he and another marine took money to let me go.





LEWIS EVANS

re-examined. He never gave me any money—I never spoke to him at all till he was in custody at the station-house—I had no acquaintance with him at all—I tried to apprehend him, but he ran down a dark alley—there was another marine there, but he says he did not see him—I

heard him throw the chain down as J was at the constable's door—I did not stop him, not thinking it proper for me to take him—when he saw me speak to the constable's wife he threw the chain down.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.*—


Transported for Seven Years.
