





207. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of December
, 1 coat, value 2l. 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Ashman
                  




               
            .


                  MATILDA 
                  ENGLEY
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Engley
               



             - he keeps the Castle public-house in the City-road


 - on the 8th of November, about a quarter past eleven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner and two other persons drove up to the house in a cab - I am quite sure the prisoner was one - they all came into the house and had a glass of brandy each, which was paid for by the gentleman who hired the cab - he gave me 2s., and I gave him 6d. change - Mr. Ashman had left his great coat on an ale-barrel in front of the bar, and it was there when those persons came in - when they had drank their brandy, the prisoner winked to one of the persons who came in with him - the prisoner then turned his back to me, and the other took the coat off the barrel - the one who took it then said, "I am off" - the prisoner said, "I am off too;" and they both went out - I ran round the counter and told the other man that he had taken the coat off the barrel, but he jumped up into the cab, and the prisoner was in the act of getting in; I caught hold of the prisoner's coat, but it slipped through my hand, he jumped up so quick, and they drove off - I called "Stop thief," and Mr. Ashman, hearing the cry, ran up - the policeman stopped the cab, it was a common cab, and the prisoner drove it.
Cross-examined by MR. STAMMERS. Q. The prisoner was the cab-driver? A. Yes. I did not know the other two men - I knew the prisoner by his coming there of a night; it was the other man took the coat and went out, and the prisoner followed him - I had seen persons wink before - I have often heard persons say, when they were going, "I am off."
Q.You say the prisoner turned his back to you, now be very careful, did he wink before he turned his back? A. Yes. I never said that he first turned his back - I did not tell the magistrate that he first turned his back and then winked - I have no doubt that the prisoner got into the cab.
COURT. Q. Did the prisoner hear you charge the man with taking the coat, and call "Stop thief?" - A. Yes; they made no answer, but drove off.


                  CHARLES 
                  ASHMAN
               



            . On the 8th of November I was at this public-house - I had left my coat on the ale-barrel, opposite the bar, about ten minutes or quarter past eleven, while I went down with the landlord to the ale-cellar - I told the witness to look after the coat; while I was down I heard a noise, and came up, and the coat was gone - I pursued the cab; when I got up to it, the policeman was just at the horse's head; the prisoner made use of some bad words, and said, "You may search the cab" - I searched, but the coat was not there - I have not seen it since - I heard theprisoner say at the station that it was not him that took it, but James or 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Mason
               



            .
Cross-examined. Q.How far had the cab got before you stopped it? A. I suppose one hundred yards; it had not stopped till I stopped it - I can't tell whether there had been time for any one to jump out - I suppose the cab had not been half a minute in running the hundred yards; it drove at a pretty good pace - I saw no other man in the road - I heard the witness state that the other man got into the cab, but I saw no man - the policeman was at the head of the horse, but we were so close together that I can hardly tell who stopped the cab - the prisoner did not pull up; there was a cry of "Stop thief."
Q.Will you swear that the prisoner did not himself pull up? A. I was at the back of the cab; I could not see his hands - I will not swear that he did not pull up.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WEED
               



             (police-constable G 114). I was on duty in Castle-street - I heard the cry of "Stop thief," about a quarter past eleven o'clock - I came in front of the cab, which I saw coming down - the moment I arrived at the horse's head, the prisoner, who drove it, pulled up; and before I knew what the charge was, he said, "I have not got the coat; search the cab;" Mr. Ashman and Engley came up; they had pursued the cab from the house - in consequence of me and my brother-officer coming up, I rather think the prisoner pulled up in a measure, but not sufficient to stop the horse - there was no man in it but the prisoner; it had got seventy or eighty yards, or more, from the house; the night was dark, and another man might have got out in the dark part of the street.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose if two men got into the cab at the public-house, and only one was in it when you stopped it, it is a direct inference that the other man must have jumped out? A. He was seen to jump out, but not by me - I searched the cab, but the coat was not in it; the prisoner stated the truth when he said he had not got it - I believe the prisoner pulled up, for the horse slackened his pace.


                  Benjamin 
                  Stoten
               



            , 
               
                  Henry 
                  Cowley
               



            , and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Tann
               



            , gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
