



2223. 




WILLIAM OWEN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of October, at 
St. John's at Hackney, 1 mare, value 25l., the property of 



William Fenemore.






WILLIAM FENEMORE
. I am a cow-keeper, and live at Hackney. I have a mare, which my man turned into a field, adjoining Hackney marshes, on the 16th—and next morning, he informed me, before seven o'clock, that he could not find her—I went to the field, and examined all round it, and round the marshes—in consequence of information, I went to Bedfordshire on the Saturday following, (the 24th,) to the Swan Inn, at Potton—I got there about nine o'clock in the morning, and the mare was there—Mr. Tyler's ostler showed her to me in Tyler's presence—she was given up to me on the Sunday, and I brought her home—I had had her nearly three years—she is worth about 25l.





RICHARD FREEMAN
. I am servant to the prosecutor. I know the mare—I had occasion to turn her out on the 16th of October, about four o'clock, into Mr. Fenemore's field, adjoining Hackney marshes—I went to look for her on the 17th, about six o'clock in the morning, and could not find her—I had turned another horse in with her, which was still there—I fastened the gate of the field, and in the morning the gate was shut, but the chain was undone—it is a dark brown mare—I went with master to Potton, and found her, and brought her away on Sunday—I had known her three years—I am certain she was the same mare.





JOHN TYLER
. I am landlord of the Swan at Potton—the mare was brought to my yard by the prisoner, on Saturday the 17th of October—the prisoner had hold of her in my yard—I asked him what he had got—he told me he had got a mare, and he wished to put in for the night—I observed that it was a cart-mare—he said it was a very good one—I said, she was very warm—the prisoner said, yes, he had rode her a long journey that day—I asked him how far he had come—he told me he brought the mare from Mr. Dillimore's stables, Long-lane, and that Mr. Dillimore was his master—I then asked him where he was going to take it to—he said, to a man named Lee, who lived four miles beyond Potton, and that he gave 18l. for the mare, the day before, at Epping, of a Mr. Jones—the mare was taken into the stable—she had some bay given to her, and I locked her up—the prisoner went into my house to get refreshment, and went to bed—it was about half-past six o'clock in the evening that I first saw him—next morning, when he was about to leave my yard, I told him I must detain him a few minutes, till I saw a gentleman with whom I had consulted the night before—the prisoner said, "Very well," and went into the house with my ostler—the gentleman, Mr. Bays, came in a few minutes—he asked the prisoner some questions, which he answered—I was present part of the time, but am not able to state what passed exactly—the

prisoner was detained at my house all that day, and taken before a Magistrate in the morning—the Magistrate committed him for a further hearing, till the Saturday following—the prosecutor came to my house on the next Saturday, and the mare was shown to him, he claimed it—the prisoner was then at Bedford—I did not see him bring the mare to my yard—I went into the yard in consequence of a message from my ostler, and found him there.





GEORGE HENRY BAYS
. I am a solicitor at Patton. In consequence of a message from Tyler, I went to his house on Sunday, and saw the prisoner—I told him I was sorry to say he had come there under very suspicious circumstances, and I wished to ask him a few questions—I told was, nor my profession—I am sure I said, he need not answer unless he chose—he stated to me that he had bought the mare of Mr. Jones of Epping, for 20l.—that he rode her to London that night, (Friday) when he bought her, and that his master, Mr. Dillimore, told him it would do for old Sale of Abberley, and he was to bring her down next morning—he called it of Abberley, or some such name—I said, "I suppose you mean Abbotsley"—he said "Yes"—he told me that Jones was a hay farmer, at Epping, and wished him to be written to—he expressed a wish to go to Sale's—I told him no, I would go myself and leave him there—previously to going to Sale's, I asked him what name I should tell him—he said, "My name is Owen, but they call me Bill Lowens, and if you will tell him Bill Lowens wants him, he can come and clear me"—I consequently went to Abbotsely, and appointed Sale to meet me, at Dine o'clock next morning instead of which, Sale came at three o'clock that afternoon—at three o'clock on Sunday afternoon, I was sent for to the Swan Inn, and saw the prisoner and Sale together, and a man watching them—they were in conversation—on their seeing me, Sale came away from the prisoner, towards the door—I said to Sale, in the presence of the prisoner, "Well, Master Sale, can you clear this man? he says, you can"—the prisoner made no answer, but Sale said, "No, Sir, I dare not have any thing to do with it, I know the man, but I know nothing of the mare," and I believe he added where could he get 25l. to pay for her—I then asked Sale the prisoner's name—he said, "Bill"—I said, "He must have some other name"—he then said, "William"—I asked him for his surname—he hesitated some time, and looked very hard at the prisoner—at length the prisoner said, "Owens Owens," and Sale repeated it—Sale then went away—I first appointed him to meet me to go before Mr. Pimm, the Magistrate next morning, and next morning we went before Mr. Pimm, who remanded him till next morning, telling me to write to Jones, at Epping—Sale did not appear before the Magistrate—I wrote to Jones, and received an answer, without a signature to it, but with the Epping post-mark—I took the prosecutor before Mr. Pimm, who swore to the mare, and received her—Potton is forty-eight miles from Hackney.

Prisoner's Defence. I bought the mare at Epping, and gave 20l. her—the man gave me his name, "Jones, of Epping, a hay farmer."




GUILTY
. Aged 55,—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.

