





550. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HART
               




             was again indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  STEELE
               




            . The prisoner was in my service - it was his duty to receive money
, to enter it in this book, and pay it to me - he left me on the 8th of March - on the 18th of January
, he has entered in this book, Mrs. Brown, 4s. 6d.; on the 4th of January, Mr. Shepherd, 9s.; and on the 8th of March, Mrs. Speaight, 14s.; here is no entry of 10s.
Prisoner. I had finished my customers on the 8th of March about half-past five o'clock - I then went out, and he gave me into custody in about twenty minutes - I had not given him my money, nor taken the book into the shop - I had about two hours' work to do, but he did not give me time to return.
Witness. He had put down the 14s. on that day - he had left my service, but left his book behind him.


                  MARY 
                  ANN BROWN
               



            . During the month of January I made several payments to the prisoner, and he gave me receipts for them, which I have lost; but I can swear that the lowest sum I paid him in that month was 5s.
Prisoner. She sent her daughter with 4s. 6d. - she hardly ever came to the door herself. Witness. I never sent my daughter to him above twice in three months - I myself paid him during the whole of January, as my daughter was then out on a visit.


                  ANN 
                  SPEAIGHT
               



            . On the 8th of March I paid the prisoner 15s. myself - I saw him write this receipt up against the door-post.


                  FELIX 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . I live in St. Luke's - I paid the prisoner 10s. in the month of January - I cannot tell on what day, but I saw he had put down only 9s. in my book - I told him of it - he said it was his mistake, and he paid me the 1s. back at the end of the week - I have paid him 4s., 5s., and 10s., but never 9s. at any time.
MR. STEELE. Here is no sum of 10s. entered to Shepherd on the 4th of January, nor 5s. to Brown, nor 15s. to Speaight, on the 8th of March.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
