




1928. 




JOHN BROWN
 and 




JOHN BURGOYNE
 were indicted for

 a robbery on 



James Stevens, on the 
5th of August, at Christ Church, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, 1 hat, value 3s.; 1 tobacco box, value 4d.; 1 comb, value 4d.; 1 pencil, value 1/2 d.; 1 watch, value 2l. 10s.; 1 watch-chain, value 1s. 6d.; 1 watch key, value 6d.; 1 half-crown, 4 shillings, and 1 sixpence, his goods and monies; and at the time of the said robbery, feloniously striking and beating him.






JAMES STEVENS
. I live in Fenchurch-street. On Sunday, the 5th of August, at half-past twelve o'clock at night, I was going home—I had drank a little, but was perfectly sensible—I was the corner of John-street, on my way home—the two prisoners were behind me-Brown came up to me on my left-side—he was a stranger to me—he struck me a blow in the mouth, and as I turned round to see where it came from, he struck me a violent blow on the back of my neck, which knocked me down-as soon as I was down, he commenced rifling ray pockets, and the other man who was with him held me down the while—I cannot swear it was Bergoyne—he was a perfect stranger to me-Brown took from my right-hand pocket a comb and tobacco-box, with two duplicates in it, and from my left-hand breeches pocket a sixpence, four shillings, and one half-crown, and a black lead pencil, and four-pence in halfpence—that was all I had in the pockets-as soon as they had done that there was an old hat drawn right over my face—my own hat fell off when I fell down-Brown ran off with my hat, and the other man ran away with him-no more blows were struck than I have mentioned—they left me on the ground—I got up and saw them running before me—they were about one hundred yards from me—I pursued them, calling "Police," and "Stop thief," which they loudly repealed—I pursued them down the next street, a policeman came round the corner and caught Burgoyne—I was about thirty yards from him then—I had gained on him—I cannot say how far they had run before the policeman caught Burgoyne—they turned up two or three turnings—the policeman gave Burgoyne to me while he pursued after the other, who he caught and brought back to me-when the policeman left me, Burgoyne resisted—he told me to let him go, that he had done nothing—he twisted himself away from me and got on the opposite side of the way—I pursued him again and caught

him-by that time the policeman came up with Brown, and took them both to the station-house-from the effect of the blow I fell into a fit on the road to the station-house, and did not recover for three quarters of an hour—I then found myself in the station-house, and found I had lost my watch—I was not aware of that before I had the fit, and cannot tell when it was taken—I know Burgoyne is the man who was running away, but whether he is the man who robbed me I cannot say-when I missed my watch I immediately went over to Brown and said, "That is the man who has robbed me"—he said something, I could not say what-while I was down and he was rifling my pockets, I saw his head hanging down right over my face, and I recognised him by his red hair as well as his countenance-his face was so close to me I could not be off seeing him—it was a star light night—the street was lighted with gas, but not very well lighted—it was a very dark spot—I was present when the prisoners were searched at the station-house-when the policeman brought Brown back to me, he had my hat in his possession—I cannot say whether he had it on, but it was in his possession—I had in my hand the hat they threw over my face, and I changed with him—I took my own hat again from him, and returned to him the one which was pulled over my eyes.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. At the office I think you said Brown and another man were behind—I think you did not see anything of Burgoyne till it was over? A. No.

Brown. Q. Where did you take the hat out of my hand? A. I cannot name the street, not being acquainted with the quarter.





DANIEL HURLEY
. I am a policeman. I was in Brown's-lane, Spitalfields, and heard a cry of "Police" and "Stop thief"—I immediately proceeded in the direction of the cry, which was in Wood-street, and observed the two prisoners and the prosecutor running, and all three crying "Stop thief"—I ran and caught Burgoyne—the prisoned at first seemed both together, but Burgoyne got in front of me—the prosecutor was twelve or fourteen yards behind them—I ran up for the purpose of delaying the prisoners till the prosecutor came up—I ran up and met them—they were between me and the prosecutor who was pursuing—I took Burgoyne back to the prosecutor, and said, "Is this one of the fellows?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Do you think you can hold him?"—he said, "Yes, I can"—I immediately ran after Brown, and caught him at the top of Brown's-lane—I am sure he is the same man as I at first saw running away—he had never been out of my sight—he said, "I am not the person"—I said, "You are one of the villains that robbed the man," and immediately brought him back to where the prosecutor stood with Burgoyne—he said, "This is the man that hocked me down"—I immediately collared Burgoyne, and said they should both come to the station-house with me—the prosecutor had a hat in his hand—he gave it to Brown, and took another hat from him, saying it was his-Brown said nothing in answer—the prosecutor fell into a fit going along-directly he recovered he run over to Brown, and said, "This is the villain who knocked me down"—the prisoners were searched, and I found on Brown two shillings, a sixpence, and twopence, and on Brown five shillings, a half-crown, and threepence halfpenny, and a black lead pencil.

Brown. Q. From what part of my person did the prosecutor take the hat? A. When I took him I was so agitated, thinking he might let Burgoyne go, I cannot say whether he had it on his head or not.

COURT. Q. At the time you searched Burgoyne did the prosecutor

claim any part of the property as his? A. Immediately I took the pencil out of his pocket he claimed it as being his—the money was loose in his pocket.





JAMES STEVENS

re-examined. I lost a pencil—I saw the one found on Burgoyne, and I will swear it is mine—it had been broken, and I glued a piece of paper round it to preserve it—this is it—(looking at it)—the same paper is on it now.

Brown. Q. Did you receive any marks from the effect of the blow? A. A swelling came on the back of my head—I cannot swear I did not do that myself in the station-house while in the fit-you struck me with your right hand first, and on the back of my neck with your left.

Brown. I am a complete cripple with my left hand-is it possible I could strike him with it?

Q. Did not you state at Worship-street that you could not swear we robbed you of your watch and money? A. No—I said I could not swear you robbed me of my watch, but I did not say so of the money—I did not say at the station-house that I had lost 15s., and that I had two half-crowns among them-as soon as I came to myself I felt for my watch, and missed it.

Brown's Defence. I was going home, and heard the cry of "Stop thief" behind me-a policeman came running by me—he turned round and said, "I think you arc one of the villains who robbed the man," and he took me to the station-house; but I know nothing about it—the prosecutor says I knocked him down with a blow on the neck with my left hand, and Ian a complete cripple with it—I cannot shut it.
(Richard Mould, journeyman silk velvet-weaver, Little Mancheste-street; James Cornwell, Sale-street; John Munday, Manchester-place; and Sophia Anston, of Haggerstone, gave the prisoner Burgoyne a good character.)

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

BURGOYNE—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—



Confined Two Years.

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
