





242. 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d. the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hill
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS HILL. I am a sail-maker
. On the 11th of November I was in Ratcliff-highway


, between six and seven o'clock at night; I felt something at my right side - I turned, and saw the prisoner; he put his face close to me, and said, "What do you want with me?" I said Nothing - he repeated it again and I said Nothing; I then felt my pocket, and missed my handkerchief; Isaid, "I have lost my handkerchief;" he said, "I saw two urchin thieves on the other side of the way;" he walked with me a little way, till we came to a light; I saw a bulk in front of him, and my handkerchief was hanging down - he walked on to a turning which was no thoroughfare; he turned to go down - I seized him, and cried Stop thief! he struck me - he had a black handkerchief in his hand; I took my handkerchief from under his coat.
Cross-examined by MR. STURGEON. Q. Did he not ask whether you had lost a handkerchief? No - he was intoxicated, but could walk very well.


                  JOHN 
                  EASTERBROOK
               



            . I am the officer. I saw the prisoner with this black handkerchief in his hand, and the prosecutor gave me this other.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence I was going to see a friend, and I saw this handkerchief on the ground - I took it up, and walked on; when I came to this street I turned, and the gentleman came up to me; I said, "What do you want?" he saw this handkerchief hang down - he caught hold of it; I took it out, and gave it to him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
