



2004. 




GEORGE PIZZEY
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging an acceptance to a certain bill of exchange of 50l., with intent to defraud 



Thomas Ashby, jun. and others.—2nd COUNT, for Uttering the same, with a like intent.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






SKIDMORE ASHBY
. I am one of the firm of Thomas Ashby, Jun., and others, bankers at Staines. The prisoner is a hay-dealer, and lives at Upper Halliford, near Sunbury—on the 22nd of March, about three o'clock, he brought this bill of exchange, and wished to know if we would discount it for him—we bad discounted several for him before with the same mark on them, which were taken up by the prisoner—John Cole keeps an account with us—he had at that time a floating balance with us, and we discounted the bill—I knew that Cole only put his mark to the cheques he drew, and I paid the money to the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You say you discounted several, when did that begin? A. I cannot say at all—this was the only one I discounted personally—I have seen one other bill, and my partners told me there were more—I never heard that it commenced at the beginning of March, 1888—I made no inquiry—they were all paid by the prisoner, except this—this was not due when the prisoner was taken into custody—(looking at some other bills)—the receipts on the back of these bills were written by a son of one of the firm.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. At the time these bills were in your house, had you, or any of the firm, to your knowledge, any suspicion that the purported acceptance of Cole was not his? A. We had, of the previous bill to this, but not of these, certainly.





JOHN COLE
. I am a farmer at Sunbury. I cannot write, I usually make my mark—I know the prisoner—he keeps a beer-shop called the Fox, at Upper Halliford—I did not make this cross on this bill of exchange, (looking at it) on the 22nd of March—I did not owe the prisoner 60l., or any thing at that time—I know nothing of this bill of exchange

—I never; authorized the prisoner to make my cross to it—I never authorized him to accept or draw a bill of exchange for me.

Cross-examined. Q. Or to put your name in any way? A. No—I swear that positively—he certainly did ask me to do something for him at a loan club at Sunbury, but I said no—it is a club where persons can get 5l. or 10l., provided a responsible person will be bound for them, and he asked me for my name—that is about eighteen months ago—I cannot say exactly—it was not the 3rd of March, 1838—he asked me if so be he could make use of my name, and I told him no—I do not know in what way he meant—I swear I never said I could not write, but that he might put my name.

Q. Do you remember going to him on the 3rd of March, 1838, when he owed you some money, and finding him standing against the stable? A. I cannot say the day of the month—we had some conversation on this side of the stable adjoining my house—I do not know whether he owed me any money at that time—I cannot say whether I received any money from him that evening—I do not recollect it—I cannot swear I did not—I know I let him have a little hay, and certainly I was often backwards and forwards for the money—I did not tell him that I could not write, and he might write my name on a bill, and that would do as well—I can swear I did not—I do not recollect his telling me to come to his house that evening, and he would pay me the money he owed me—I have seen the prisoner's son—he was not there on that occasion—I swear that—he was no where near us when we had the conversation—I cannot say whether I went to the prisoner the same evening—it is so long ago I cannot recollect all these little things—he never paid me any money, and thanked me for allowing him to use my name—I did not say he was very welcome to it at any time, if it was any good to him—I have kept money at Messrs. Ashby's for several years—when I have a little money which I do not want, I pay it in then, and take it out when I want it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is there a club, or any thing of that sort, in Sunbury, where, by using the name of another man, you can get a little money advanced? A. Yes, I think they call it the loan club—the prisoner asked me if be might use my name to get a little money, but I told him ho—I never authorized him to put my name to any bill of exchange at all.





WILLIAM COLE
. I am son of last witness. lean write—(looking at the bill.)—I did not write this "Witness to the mark of John Cole, William Cole," nor any part of it—I do not know any thing about it—I never authorised the prisoner to do it for me, or any thing else—I did not know such a bill was in existence till it was brought to my father.





JOHN ANNING
. I am a schoolmaster at Sunbury, I know the prisoner In March last he came to me, and asked me to draw up a bill of exchange for him—I did so—the body of this bill is my hand-writing—the words "John Cole, Sunbury," have been introduced subsequent to my writing it—at that time neither Cole's or Pizzey's name were there—I cannot swear to the prisoner's writing—I have seen letters of his, but I never saw him write, or received letters from him myself.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known the prisoner? A. About a year and a half—I knew him by his children coming to ray school—I never heard any thing against him.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you receive any paper, by way of instruction, to draw it? A. Yes, I have it here (producing it.)

(Bill read)—"22nd March, 1838. Three months After date, pay to my order the sum of 60l. for value received. GEORGE PIZZEY. Payable at Messrs. Ashby's bank, Staines. Accepted, John Cole. X Witness to the mark of John Cole, William Cole."

MR. PAYNE
called






JAMES PIZZEY
. I am sixteen years old. I remember a conversation between my father and Mr. Cole—I think it was about twelve months ago last October, at our house, against the stable—I heard my father ask Mr. Cole if he should not like to have the money he owed him—Mr. Cole said yes, it would be very acceptable to him, being Saturday night, and he should be very glad of it—my father said he had no money at that time, would be be so kind as to sign his hand on a bit of paper for him—Cole said he could not write himself, but if father would do it for him he was welcome to it—my father went and got the money—I think he had it from Staines—I did not go with him—Mr. Cole came to our house the same evening, and father paid him—he said at the time he paid him that be was very much obliged to him for what he had done for him—and Mr. Cole said if that was any good to him he was welcome to it at any time—he was thanking him for signing his hand—it was mentioned what it was for—my father said he was very much obliged to him for signing his hand—and Mr. Cole, said he was welcome to it at any time, if it was of any use to him—they were always very good friends, as far as I know.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where were you when, your father was taken up? A. At work for Mr. Swaile, at Sunbury—I went home at night and went to work in the morning—I did not go before the Magistrate and state this—I was not asked to go—I should not have come here if I had not been asked—my mother told me I was to come here last Monday morning—my father had been in prison some time then—his trial was to have come on last Sessions, but was postponed at his own request—I did not come on town then—I was at home, and could have come if I had been asked—I go to school—I do not know that my father ever wanted to borrow money of this loan club at Sunbury—my father first asked Mr. Cole to sign his hand, and he said he might do it for him whenever he liked—he did not say for what amount—I did not hear any amount mentioned—he did not mention any sum—nobody has been taking down what I was to say when I came here—nobody has been asking me any questions about it—I swear that—I have seen nobody about it but my mother—she brought me up to town—my mother told me no more than what I heard my father say—she told me no more than as how I was to be here—she did not tell me my father would be transported if I did not come—she told me I was to come, nothing else—I think she did tell me, if I did not told me I was to my father would be transported—she told me I was to say that Mr. Cole gave my father authority to sign his hand, and if I did not say so my father would be transported—she told me so last Monday evening—that was the first time she told me what to say—I was at home when my father was before the Magistrate—our house is nearly five miles from the Magistrate—I did not go that day—I went the second day, and saw him at Staines when he came out from the Magistrate—I was not told to go in.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Is it true that this conversation did take place, between your father and Mr. Cole near your stable? A. Yes—my mother did not tell me to say what I did not know—I knew myself what I heard my father say—she told me to state what I knew—if I had been called in to

the Magistrate at Staines, I should have given the same statement I have to-day.

COURT. Q. How near were you standing to Mr. Cole when your father asked him this question? A. Within a yard of them—it was between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, and the conversation in the evening was between seven and eight o'clock.
(William Rose, a cattle-dealer at Sunbury, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY of Uttering. Aged 38.—


Transported for Ten Years.
