





OLD COURT. Saturday, May 18th.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
972. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CONSTABLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of February
, at Marylebone, two 5l. Bank notes, the monies of 
                     
                        Charlotte Augusta 
                        Ackers
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of Thomas Britten
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BRITTEN
               



            . The prisoner was my housemaid
, and had been so about a year and a half - my house is in the Globe-end-road, St. John's-wood


 - Miss Ackers was on a visit at our house, and mentioned her loss to me; enquiry was made about them; suspicion did not fall on the prisoner till some time afterwards; I then spoke to her about it, I said I understood she had got some Bank notes; she said she had received notes to the value of 10l. from the country the day before - this was on the last day of April - I waited to see the postman, and found no letter had been delivered - I then asked her to show me the notes, she refused - I called in a policeman, and in the first box opened, was a reticule containing two 5l. notes - I knew it to be her box, she went with myself and the officer, and unlocked her box herself.


                  JAMES 
                  ACKERS
               



            . Last February I had an order from Dennis and Co., on Barnett, Hoare, and Co., for 150l., which I received, and gave my daughter two of the 5l. notes I received from them.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  AUGUSTA ACKERS
               



            . I am the daughter of the last witness. In February last I received two 5l. notes from my father while I was visiting at Mr. Britten's - I put the notes into my glove, and when I got home, I missed them - I had left my glove on my dressing-table in the bed-room; I had gone out early in the morning and returned in the evening; it was about the 16th of February - I should not know the notes again; I did not mark them.
Cross-examined by MR. WALESBY. Q.Where did you receive the notes from your father? A. In Spode and Copeland's shop - I don't remember whether I saw them after I got into the house; I was in one or two hackney-coaches before I got home, and cannot say whether I lost them before I got home - I put them into my glove at Spode and Copeland's, and did not take my glove off after that till I got home - it was a short glove; I put the notes inside it - when I took the glove off, I left it on the dressingtable; I don't remember anything further about it - I am sure I did not take my glove off at all while I was out.


                  JOHN 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a policeman. On the 1st of May, I was called into the house of Mr. Britten; I saw the prisoner; she was suspected of having taken two 5l. notes - she said she would go up stairs with me to search her box; I went up with her - she unlocked the box, and immediately thrust her hand into it; I put my hand in also, and took from her hand this black bag, with the two 5l. notes in it - I asked her who the notes belonged to, she said they were her own.
Cross-examined. Q. She did not object to go up to have her box searched? A. No, she unlocked it herself.
JURY. Q.When she put her hand into the box, had she anything in her hand? No, she thrust her hand into the bottom of the box; I put my hand in, and found her hand in the bag; I took out of it the two notes.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HOARE
               



            , ESQ., JUN. I am a partner in the firm of Barnett, Hoare, and Co. I paid a cheque of Dennis's on the 16th of February, of 150l.; it was the only cheque of that amount paid that day - I gave for it ten 5l. notes; among them was No. 18470, 24th December, 1832, and 18491, dated 29th December, 1832; these notes produced are of those numbers.
Prisoner's Defence. Respecting the notes, it is very painful to me to say I received them from a gentleman I am in the habit of receiving money from.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  AUGUSTA ACKERS
               



            . I did not lose my glove.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
There were two more indictments against the prisoner.
