



1823. 




THOMAS HENLEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of July, 1 watch, value 1l. 10s.; 1 watch-riband, value 2d.; and 1 seal, value 1s.; the goods of 



Joseph Newton; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOSEPH NEWTON
. I am a watch-maker. On the 16th of July, I was in Redcross-street, at half-past nine o'clock in the evening—the prisoner and two others, arm in arm, came and met me—they shoved as if they were intoxicated—the

prisoner was in front of me, one of his companions on my side and one behind—I went to raise my stick to clear my way, and the prisoner laid hold of my seal and riband, ans drew a silver watch from my pocket—I went to lay hold of him, and thought I had got hold of him, but it was a blue bag that he had—he let go of that, and ran away—I pursued, and he was stopped—I am confident he is the person who took it—I never lost sight of him but a second or two—when he came to the watch-house, he acknowledged the bag was his.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it day-light? A. It was neither dark nor light—it was light enough to discern a person—I had never seen him before—I was not frightened—they did not ill-use me—I lifted up my stick to make way, as I thought there was something the matter—I connot say that I was alarmed—I seized the bag which was under his arm—I plunged at him—I have been afflicted with a liver complaint, and am forced to use a stick; but that day I was better than usual; but towards evening I felt weak, and that made me take my stick—the other men got away.





ELIZABETH CHARLES
. I heard alarm of "Stop thief," and saw a man running—I did not see him throw any think away, but I saw a man pick up somthinng.





JOHN HILL
. I am a contable. I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner running—he knocked me down, and my brother officer came up, and took him—he struck me a violent blow in the chest, and threw away something—I do not know what it was.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it dark? A. No; it was dusk, but it was a very light street where he threw it away—I know the prisoner—it was a light spot where he was taken—there is a light from a butcher's and a wine-vaults—it was at the corner of Whitecross-street, coming from Red-cross-street into Fore-street.





JAMES MURRELL
. I am an officer. I heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I ran, and struck the prisoner on the head, which caused him to surrender—I searched him, but found nothing on him—there was a desperte resistance.





SAMUEL GREEN
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clerke's office—I was a witness and know the prisoner is the man (read.)

Prisoner's Defence. Hill states that I knocked him down—he was quite intoxicated—the people were forced to lift him up—after he got to the watch-house, he got up, and asked me what spite I had against him, and he hit me on the head.





JOHN HILL
. I was sober, and I have two or there witnesses to prove it.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
