






2261. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JONAS 
                     SCOTT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September
, 3 petticoats, value 4s. 6d.; 1 gown, value 7s.; 1 frock, value 4s.; 1 night-gown, value 1s. 6d.; 1 comb, value 1s., and 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Drew
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Harriet 
                           Drew
                        



.
BROWN 


               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 19.



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HARRIET DREW. On the 24th of September I had been to Bethnal-green, and was coming home in the evening, about ten minutes or a quarter past seven o'clock, with my mother, my aunt, and a friend of hers -I had a bundle in my hand; I do not know what it contained: a man, who I did not see, snatched it from me, and ran away - my father's name is William; it was my mother's property.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What kind of a night was it? A. It was dark - I had a friend with me; my mother and aunt were three or four yards before us: it was so dark, we could not well distinguish them - my bundle was snatched on a sudden, and the person was gone in an instant; there was no opportunity for any one to see him scarcely - my friend was in conversation with me; I believe she saw three men as we passed, but not at the time the bundle was snatched - they had not offended us; there was no reason to notice them particularly.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  PEPPERS
               



            . I was in company with 
               
                  Harriet 
                  Drew
               



            , walking with her down Dog-row


; when we got to the turning leading to Lamb-fields, there were three men standing at the corner - I took particular notice of the prisoner Scott, who was the tallest, because he moved a little way from the others, when we got up to him - I was afraid they were after something, and when we got a short distance I was turning round to look, and Scott was stooping behind us; he snatched the bundle, and they all ran off into the field - I am certain Scott is the man: it was about a quarter past seven o'clock, and light enough for me to see.
Cross-examined. Q. It was not a dark night? A. It was about a quarter-past seven o'clock, but the gas-light shone full in his face; Mrs. Drew and her sister were three or four yards before us - I could discern them distinctly; it was quite light enough to see what they were doing - there was another man taken up in the field; I saw Scott again, about a quarter before ten o'clock the same night, and I identified him - none of the Policemen desired me to look at his nose, or at any part of his face; he had his hat on when he took the bundle, but I could see his face - he had a coat on with bright buttons; I cannot tell what cravat he had - I had seen him when I passed the end of the street, and then I turned round to look at him - I did not describe the prisoner's face to the Policeman; I said he was a tall man and fair - I did not notice the other men; they were standing more in the dark.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DREW
               



            . I and my sister were walking first; my daughter and Peppers were behind us - my daughter had a bundle in her hand, and I heard her scream; I saw a man run - I picked up a hat; the bundle contained the articles stated; they were my husband's - I had observed three men standing, and I thought they noticed us as we passed; I had not seen the men before, to my knowledge: I do not know who snatched the bundle.
Cross-examined. Q. It was rather a dark night? A. Yes; I could not see the persons, because my back was towards them - I and my daughter were very much alarmed; I went to the station - Brown was taken.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  MARY LLOYD
               



            . I was with Mrs. Drew on this evening; we went by the Queen's Head public-house, in the Dog-row, and I observed three men standing at the corner; I turned my head, and looked at them - my niece and her friend were behind us; I heard my niece call out that her bundle was taken - I turned, and saw the three men run across the field; I noticed Brown as we passed, as he looked very hard at me and my sister - when my niece cried out, I ran after the man, and cried Stop thief!and Police! they all ran together - I can only be sure of Brown's person.


                  HENRY 
                  HUBBARD
               



            . I keep a public-house. I was in doors, and heard some woman scream; I ran out into the field, and took Brown.
HENRY 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  DALLY
               



             (Police-constable K 23). On the 24th of September, about ten o'clock in the evening, I was in Jubilee-place; I saw Scott with two others, and took him into custody - I do not know who the others were; they made their escape - I took the prisoner to the watch-house, and sent for Peppers, who identified him; he said nothing.


                  ROBERT 
                  NEWMAN SANDERS
               



             (Police-constable K 76). I was at the watch-house that evening, when Brown was brought in; I was shown a hat, which Brown had lost -I had seen Brown, Scott, and two others in company, about a quarter-past six o'clock that evening; I went to the cell in which Brown was confined, and he said if we went to the field with lights, we should find the bundle, which had been dropped close by where he was taken.
Scott's Defence. I had not seen Brown at all, till I was taken, and I know nothing of the robbery.
SCOTT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
