





Before Mr. Justice James Parke.
257. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     LARBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           William Anthony 
                           Roberts
                        




                     
                  , on the 11th of December
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 pocket-book, value 6d.; 6 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 28 shillings, one 200l., one 20l., one 10l., and one 5l. Bank note, and one 1l. promissory note, his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANTHONY ROBERTS
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Harridge, solicitor
, of the Strand. On the 10th of December, at one o'clock in the morning, I took a cabriolet in Tottenham-court-road; the prisoner was the driver - I drove it to various parts of London, and returned to Tottenham-court-road at a quarter to four o'clock; I went into a public-house there: I had nothing to drink there - I went to the King's Head, and think the prisoner had something to drink there; when I got to the public-house in Tottenham-court-road, I paid the prisoner 4s., and one of the traces being broken, he demanded 6d. more - I would not pay him, and he gave me in charge of a Policeman; I was taken to the station-house, and on giving my address there, the inspector set me at liberty - I passed up Tottenham-court-road, and saw nothing of the prisoner till I crossed the New-road, towards Camden-town; I then met the prisoner without his cab - a person named Young was with him; he said, "He was extremely sorry for taking me tothe station-house:" I took no notice; and then he said as it was a cold morning, would I object to give him some warm beer - I said, "Not the least," and we went to the King's Head, at the corner of Hampstead-road; he had some beer there, which I paid for, and left the house - he followed me; I went through several streets, until I arrived at Carburton-street


 - he and Young followed me; I went into the Lord Nelson, in that street, and ordered some breakfast: as soon as the breakfast was brought, the prisoner and Young both came into the room where I sat; it was between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, nearly eight: they stood by the fire-place, talking; I immediately left the room, and walked out, without taking my breakfast, or paying for it - with the intention of leaving the house without their perceiving me; when I got about three hundred yards from the house, the prisoner ran after me, and told me I had neglected to pay for my breakfast: I returned, and paid for it - I immediately left the house again, and the prisoner came out, and again began to apologise for having sent me to the station-house, and requested me to have some spirits, or something at his expense, which I refused - he then wanted me to pay for some, which I refused; he immediately took hold of my coat, with his back towards the house, and tried to drag me towards the house, but I resisted - I being stronger than himself, he could not get me in, and he turned with his face towards the door, and tried to push me into the house, but in that he failed; I cannot swear whether it was accidental or not; but he still had hold of my coat - his foot slipped, and he fell down on his back, and pulled me down on my knees; my coat burst open, and my pocketbook fell from the pocket, and the gold and silver which I had in my pocket-book fell from it, by the weight of it - the notes remained in another pocket of the book; I snatched up my pocket-book, and put it into my pocket - that was never in the possession of the prisoner; the gold and silver fell on the pavement - the prisoner and Young immediately snatched it up: there were six sovereigns, one half-sovereign, and 28s., that was my own - there was 245l. in notes in the pocket-book, belonging to my employer; I did not recover any of the money from the prisoner and Young - I am certain the prisoner took up some of the money; I positively swear I saw him pick up two sovereigns and three shillings: Young immediately ran away, but the prisoner leaned against the right-hand post of the door - I went to him, and asked him for the money he had picked up; he refused to give it me, saying he had picked none up - I suppose, on account of his having wooden shoes on, he was not able to run; I called for a Policeman, but none being near, I crossed over to Mr. Lamb, gave him my pocket-book, and immediately went to the station, and got a Policeman: at the time of the robbery the prisoner was not at all intoxicated, nor was I - he was taken up about half-past ten o'clock that morning; I have not a doubt of his person - when I was at the King's Head, St. Giles', I think, I produced the pocket-book in his presence, but the notes could not be seen; I took my pocket-book out, and paid for what I had there out of it - my pockets were in a dilapidated state; it was about one o'clock when I was at the King's Head: he was not intoxicated at the time I was robbed.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What are you? A. A clerk; I have to say, that in taking the prisoner into custody, he was in such a state of intoxication, we could not take him before the Magistrate at the usual hour, and deferred it till the evening - I consider that he got intoxicated with my money; I had been at a party in the King's-road, Pimlico: I went there about eight o'clock, and staid till about half-past ten - I played at cards, and different diversions; I had about two glasses of home-made wine there, that was all - I went from there to my employer's, in Edgware-road, staid there about a quarter of an hour, and went from there to Tottenham-court-road, without stopping: I live in York-place, Kentish-town - I drove to different parts of London, first to the King's Head, St. Giles'; the prisoner had a small glass of brandy there, which I paid for; I had nothing - I drove myself; I got to the King's Head about a quarter past one o'clock: I went from there to the watering-house in the Old Bailey; I had no business there, it was merely in my way.
Q. Where to? A. To no place in particular - I did not get out of the cab there; the prisoner said it was cold, and wished for something - he had a small glass of brandy there, which I paid 4d. for; I then drove over Blackfriars-bridge, and back over London-bridge, down Fenchurch-street, to the Old Bailey again: I gave him a glass of brandy there - then drove through Covent-garden, Drury-lane, to Tottenham-court-road; I went into the Red Lion there, and gave him up the cab - it was about five o'clock; I called for some bread and cheese for supper, and he came in, and asked for 6d., for the broken trace: I did not pay for it - 4s. was what he demanded for his fare.
Q. When he was pulling you into the house in Carburton-street, why not give an alarm? A. I did not consider his intention was to rob me; I told him repeatedly to desist, but he would not, and then he tried to push me in - I did not call out, because people were standing by, and if I had chosen to use any means I could have done so, without assistance; there were one or two cab-men standing by the door, when I called for the Policeman - my money was scattered about the street; the persons about were a set of cab-men: I saw nobody in the house, but two women - if I had offered to detain the prisoner I considered I should not have got off so easy, as there were a number of cab-men, and such sort about; I am not in the habit of associating with such fellows - I considered the 245l. quite safe; I have had treble that sum in my pocket - it was a silly foolish excursion; I am not in the habit of doing so.


                  JAMES 
                  LAMB
               



            . I am a grocer, and live in Carburton-street. On Tuesday morning, the 10th of December, I was at my door, and observed the prosecutor pulled about by a set of cab-men, and observed the prisoner lay hold of his coat and pull it open - his pocket-book fell out, and the money fell out; I saw the prisoner pick up some money, but what it was I cannot say; and I saw Young distinctly pick up money, and put it in his pocket; I beckoned to the prosecutor to come over - I certainly observed the prisoner pick up something; I could not tell whether it was money or not - he picked up something twice off the ground; I could not see what he did with it - I could distinctly see that it was money which Young picked up: I beckoned to the prosecutor to come over to my door - he came into the shop; he gave me his pocket-book to take care of - there was a 200l. note in it, and other notes.
Cross-examined. Q. You saw the prosecutor pulledabout by a set of cab-men? A. Yes, I saw the prisoner pull him; there is a cab-yard next to my house, and the cabmen assemble at the house opposite.
Q. Just tell me whether you saw the prosecutor pulled about by the cab-men, and then the prisoner seized hold of him? A. Young, who has escaped is a cab-man, and they both pulled him about - the others were round him; I cannot say whether they touched him - I did not go up to the prosecutor; I was across the street - the prosecutor stood against the Lord Nelson public-house; I did not leave my shop to give him in charge - I had nobody in it; the prosecutor called for a Policeman for a quarter of an hour, but there was none - the station is about a quarter of a mile from my house; the prisoner had wooden shoes on - I saw him go away at last; he walked away leisurely.
JURY. Q. Was the prosecutor intoxicated? A. No, he appeared as if he had been out all night, raking, but not drunk; he knew what he was about, and delivered his money into my hands.
THOMAS SOPER. I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoner at twelve o'clock on Tuesday, the 11th of December, at his lodging, Ames-yard, Charles-street, Hampstead-road - he was drunk and asleep; I told him I wanted him to go with me - he said, "I know all about it, go on, and I will follow you;" he then dozed off again -I told him the gentleman gave charge of him for robbing him; he said, "It was a b-y good job to charge him with robbing him, for he had got nothing;" I searched him and his lodging, and found no money at all - the prosecutor was with me; I saw him about nine o'clock - he appeared as if he had been drinking, but was not drunk then.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PEARCE
               



            , I am a Policeman. I was on duty in Tottenham-court-road, on Thursday morning, about five o'clock - the prisoner gave the prosecutor in charge for not paying his fare; Roberts, at that time, I could perceive had been drinking, but knew perfectly what he was about - I could tell by his appearance that he had been out all night - he talked rational; I afterwards saw the prisoner in company with another man - I overtook them in Tottenham-court-road; it was ten minutes or a quarter of an hour after Roberts was discharged; I was with them in the Blue-posts public-house, and drank a glass of rum with them - I heard the prisoner say Roberts had got plenty of money, between 200l. and 300l. - that he saw two 10l. notes in his front coat pocket, and he put his hand to his breast: Young and another person were standing behind him at the time - he knew that I was present; he left the house with Young - they drove the cab away.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you on duty that night? A. Yes, my beat is nearly half a mile from Carburton-street; I had my uniform coat on - the prisoner paid for my rum; I was sober - I was off duty then; we are not forbid to go to public-houses when off duty - I did not know him before; the prisoner said he had been paid 4s., and demanded 6d. more at the public-house, but at the station-house he demanded 2s. 6d. - he demanded the 6d. for his fare; I heard nothing about the trace till afterwards - there ought to be a Policeman round Carburton-street, but it takes the man there half an hour to go round his beat; the station is three quarters of a mile from the Lord Nelson, I think.
JURY. Q. Who was driving the cab? A. Nobody; when I saw it they were in the public-house, and the cab was at the door - the prosecutor walked from the station-house.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor went to several houses and was quite intoxicated; he drank at every house as I did - he changed a sovereign at the Old Bailey, to give the waterman something to drink; he treated several people who stood round.
WILLIAM 
               
                  ANTHONY 
                  ROBERTS
               



             re-examined. I had received the money from my master that night, to apply to different purposes, as he was going from town next day; I changed a sovereign at the Old Bailey, to pay for brandy.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not from the person
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
