





456. 
               
                  ARPAHA 
                  GEORGE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, 1 watch, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Horem
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HOREM
               



            . On the night of the 10th of January, about eleven o'clock, I was accosted at the end of Piccadilly, by the prisoner, who asked me to go with her; I said I was married, and objected - she asked me to treat her with some drink, and I gave her a glass of brandy - I had one; she afterwards wanted me to go with her, and I still objected; we got on to the end of Rose-street, Covent-garden


 - I there missed my watch, and accused her of having it; she denied it - I was certain I had it when I met her; I called a Police-officer - he asked what was the matter; I said I had missed my watch, and had every reason to believe she had robbed me of it - he searched her muff, and found nothing in it; he told me to hold the muff - she made a spring, and said,"You shan't have my muff," and put her hand into my trousers - I felt something against my thigh; I said,"She has put something into my trousers," and it was my watch.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.How long have you been in town? A.Nearly two years; I had not been drinking a great deal - I was as sober as I am now; I had not put my watch into the flap of my trousers - I went to Hammersmith after dinner, and had tea there; I had a glass of gin, a pint of beer, and a glass of gin and water - nothing else; the liquor had not affected me at all - the prisoner said she had never seen my watch.
COURT. Q. Do you know whether you had it at thewine-valuts? A. I do not know; I had it when I first met her - my wife is living in London.


                  JOHN 
                  STEWART
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I was on duty in Rose-street, Covent-garden; I heard the prosecutor talking with the prisoner, and passed them about five yards - he said, "This girl has robbed me of my watch;" I took her about four feet from him, and said, "Search yourself, and be sure you have not got it;" he searched himself down his thighs, and every where, and said, "I am certain I have not got it" - I pulled the prisoner's right-hand out of her muff, and then pulled the muff off the other's hand, and gave it to the prosecutor; she sprang to him and said, "You shan't have my muff," and put her hand into his trousers - he said, "She has put something into my trousers, I think it is my watch - take hold of my trousers, and don't let it fall, it may break;" I took up the watch, and he claimed it.
Cross-examined. Q.Had you not every opportunity of looking into her hand before it got to the prosecutor? A. No, Sir - I thought it the best way for him to search himself, as he might be mistaken; she denied having seen it - she seemed a little the worse for liquor.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking with him; he said,"Good God, I have lost my watch!" he put his hand into his trousers, and the watch fell on the ground.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
