





951. 
               
                  MARY 
                  LAW
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of June
, 1 gold pin, value 5s.; 3 sovereigns; 1 half-sovereign; and 2 £5. bank notes, the monies of 
                     
                        Virgil James 
                        Powell
                     




                  , from his person
            .
VIRGIL JAMES POWELL. I am a sorter of letters at the Post Office
. I was at the Ben Johnson in Bath-street, on the 15th of June - I did not see the prisoner in the house, but I saw her when I came out - we went on to Mount Pleasant, and there the policeman warned me not to have any thing to do with her - he asked if I had any money in my pocket - I put my hand into my pocket, and pulled out two £5. notes, and 3 sovereigns and a-half fell out of the notes - the policeman assisted me to pick them up, and told me to go my way - he then spoke to the prisoner, who was at a short distance, and said, if she did not go her way he would shock her - I then went on, up Fleur-de-lis-court


 - I went into a public-house there, and called for something to drink - the prisoner came in and sat down - I fell asleep - when I awoke I missed my money and notes, and a gold shirt pin - one of the notes had my own writing on it - this is it - this is my shirt pin (looking at them).



                  WILLIAM 
                  SALTER BADCOCK
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody on the Monday evening following - I found this pin in her handkerchief, and this printed cotton and linen, which is new, in her room.
Prisoner. The prosecutor gave me the pin as a present. Prosecutor. I swear I did not - I was intoxicated, but I know I did not give it her.


                  JOHN 
                  DARE
               



            . I was in the Marquis of Granby public-house on the 15th of June - I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner there - I saw her pick his pocket; but what she took I do not know - she then had some conversation with a party which was there - they then went away - I did not know but that they were in company together - the prosecutor slept till the landlord awoke him - the prosecutor asked me if I would have half-a-pint of beer - I said I did not care if I did - he felt his pocket, and missed his property - I then told what I had seen.
Prisoner. He was not there.


                  SARAH 
                  ROLFE
               



            . The prisoner lodged with me - I found this £5 note in a new tea-pot, in a cupboard which was hardly ever used - the tea-pot belonged to the prisoner - I gave the note to my husband.


                  GEORGE 
                  ROLFE
               



            . I am her husband. I received the note - I showed it to Cainsley - he said it was a £5 note; and we went and bought some things.


                  JOHN 
                  CAINSLEY
               



            . I received the note - I went and bought some things by Rolfe's order.


                  LEWIS 
                  HART
               



            . I live in Holywell-street, Strand. Cainsley came and bought some things of me - he gave me this £5 note - I gave him 3l. 10s. change.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up - I did not put my hand in his pocket - he was throwing his money about.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
