






Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
176. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  PRIOR
               




             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LANGHAM
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of October
, 1 coat, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Sears
                  




               
            .
THOMAS SEARS. I live at Lea. I was with my gig in West-street, Pentonville


, on the 28th of October - Prior asked to hold my horse, and I left the horse and gig in his possession, with the coat in it; I went into a house, and in five minutes a female called out, "The boy has taken your coat;" I went out, and took the coat from Prior, about a mile from the gig - he was in custody; I know nothing of Langham.


                  JAMES 
                  FULLER
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was on duty on the 28th of October; I met the two prisoners running about three quarters of a mile from the gig; Langham had this coat on his arm - I turned and looked at them; I then met the prosecutor who spoke to me; I went to a house of ill-fame, knocked at the door, and asked if two men had run in there; a woman said No, but I went through, and found Prior: I searched the house, and found the coat in a cupboard up stairs - I gave a description of Langham, and he was taken in about an hour.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JANE 
                  ARLE
               



            . I saw the gig; Prior took the coat from the gig - Langham was under a dead wall; I threw up my window, and cried "Stop thief! he has got your coat," and they both ran off - Langham was not four yards from the gig when the coat was taken.
JOHN AMBROSE. I am a Policeman. I found Langham in a house in Gray's Inn-road, from the description I received.
PRIOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
LANGHAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
