





1199. 
               
                  
                     MARY CHARLOTTE 
                     MOORE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of May
, 6 pairs of shoes, value 1l. 9s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hickson
                        



                     
                  , the elder, and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hickson
                        



                     
                  , the younger
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am shopman to William Hickson and William Hickson, Jun. - I have the care of their shop in High Holborn


. The prisoner was in the habit of coming to scour out the shop on Thursday evenings, after it was shut, and I was in the habit of going out on those evenings - I know the whole of these shoes have been in my possession, and these two pairs are a sort we have had, but few of them have my marks on them; they all came from the bottom shelves in the shop - I know these two pairs were there on Thursday, and I missed them on Friday morning; some words took place between me and the young man there, who thought I had suspicions of him; I had twenty-eight pairs of them - twenty pairs I sent to the warehouse, six pairs I have, and these two pairs make up the number.


                  LEONARD 
                  CLARE MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. -This pair of shoes were offered by the prisoner; I suspected they were stolen, from her giving me different addresses and evasive answers - I stopped her, and this other pair fell from her, with the name on them, which led me to the prosecutor's.


                  JOHN 
                  NORTH
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner for offering the shoes, and had orders to go and search the room she lodged in, where I found these other shoes.


                  SUSAN 
                  PENSTONE
               



            . My husband is a serjeant of the Police. I searched the prisoner, and found this other pair of shoes on her.


                  JOHN 
                  LONDON
               



            . The prisoner lodged with me. These shoes were found in her room.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
