






2079. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     HARVEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of August
, 1 watch, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Tipper
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TIPPER
               



             (Police-constable
 F 152). I was standing at the corner of Bow-street


, on Saturday, the 11th of August, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night - I saw some men quarrelling; the prisoners came up in front of me, and several more persons - there was a bit of a crowd at the corner; Harvey drew the watch out of my pocket - I felt a snatch, and saw the watch in her hand; she passed it to Jones - I took them both into custody, and took the watch from Jones; I was surrounded by a body of persons, and among them, a body of thieves - they made several attempts to rescue the prisoners, but I kept them right; Jones bit me, scratched me, and kicked me - this is my watch; I delivered it to Smith.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. There were a great many people? A. A number passing; I gave an alarm - after I had the prisoners in custody, I was knocked down several times, but I still kept hold of them; they fell with me - Smith took one of the prisoners out of my hand- it was near the Police-office, but that was shut up; I put the watch in my fob again, after I took it from Jones, and buttoned it up out of sight - I had Jones in my hand at the time; it took but a second to put it into my pocket with one hand - there might be thirty or forty persons round me.
COURT. Q. You say there were some men collected, who were quarrelling? A. Yes; I do not know what about - I was at a distance, watching them, and before I could ascertain what it was, I was drawn of my watch; there was not a chance for Harvey to get away.
Jones. We were both going down Bow-street; he caught hold of us, and would not let us go; he was quite intoxicated - he wanted us to go to a house to treat us with liquor; when he was at the station, he said he took the watch from Harvey, and at Bow-street he said he took it from me. Witness. I did not; I was in plain clothes, as I had been ordered.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



             (Police-constable F 69.) On the night of the 11th of August, I was on duty in Great Russell-street. I saw a crowd at the corner of Bow-street; when I got up, I saw Tipper surrounded with people; the prisoners were endeavouring to get from him - there were some men about who were trying to hustle the witness, and get the prisoners from him; I secured Harvey, and they were taken to the station-house; the witness said Harvey took the watch, passed it to Jones, and he took it from her hand.
Cross-examined. Q. How far is this from your station? A. From three to four hundred yards, and about fifty yards from the office; there were people about, and the corner shop was open - there were a number of persons there; it was a fair night - there was no rain; I believe the witness had a brown coat on - I observed nothing particular about his clothes or face; he told me he had been hustled and thrown down twice by the crowd - I did not see any dirt or mark on his clothes; when I got up, he seemed quite fatigued and harrassed; when I went up the crowd dispersed - we were not in hail of our station; he certainly did tell me that he had been knocked down- I heard him swear to that at Bow-street, and I was told of it by a gentleman I know, but who is not here; his name is Barns; he is a chemist in Great Russell-street - he came across the street, and told me a gentleman had been hustled, and I went over.
JONES' Defence. I am innocent.
Jury to JOHN SMITH. Q. Was the dress of the prosecutor soiled or disordered? A. I did not observe that it was; when I got up he had hold of the two prisoners, and they were struggling to get from him.
HARVEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
