





1386. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     WATKINS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of July
, 1 gown, value 10s.; and 3 shirts, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        Eliza 
                        McCarthy
                     



                  ; 1 shirt, value 4s.; 1 coat, value 3s., and 1 pair of trousers, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  McCarthy
               



            .
ELIZA McCARTHY. I am a widow
, and live in Cripplegate


. I lost my property at eleven o'clock yesterday from my trunk; I am in the habit of going out to work, and I left the key for my son to get in; I suppose the prisoner saw me leave the key - when I returned I saw the key-hole of my door stopped; I pushed it open, and saw the prisoner there - I asked how he came there; he said, to see my son; he tried to get out of the window - I called out for assistance, and he was taken by John Scott - three women came into the room, who board in the house; the prisoner had my property tied up in an apron; he let them drop out; these were the articles stolen - these three shirts belong to a man I wash for; the trousers and coat are my son Charles' - the prisoner said he was out of work, and wanted something to eat.
CHARLES McCARTHY. These trousers and coat are mine; I had never seen the prisoner to my knowledge.
JOHN SCOTT. I went in and found the property there, which the prisoner seemed as if he had dropped out of his apron - I searched him, and found this instument on him; I do not know what to call it - he said he had not taken the things; he did not say any thing about distress there, but he did on going to Guildhall, and I said,"You have a good pair of shoes, why not part with them?" - the box has the mark of this instrument on it.
Prisoner's Defence. I never opened the box with this: I had been there to see a shopmate I had worked with, he was gone away, and had taken my tools - I went to see the prosecutrix's son.



               GUILTY
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
