



602. 




GEORGE NICHOLLS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of December, 1 truck, value 3l., the goods of 




William Boxall.






WILLIAM BOXALL
. I live at No. 24, Nelson-place, Circus-street, New-road, and let trucks. On the 27th of December, the prisoner and another person came to me to hire a truck—the prisoner told me his name was Nicholls, and he lived at No. 91, Crawford-street—he asked what I charged for the truck—I said 3d. an hour—he said he was going to more a bedstead to Grosvenor-place, and should want it about two hours—this was about ten minutes before three o'clock in the afternoon, on a Wednesday—he took it away, and he never came back—I expected it to be returned in two hours, or two hours and a half—I afterwards saw the springs, axle-tree, and some other parts—it had been pulled to pieces—the person is here in whose possession it was found—I knew it directly—I found it on Friday, the 29th—we did not find the prisoner till last Monday week—I went to No. 91, Crawford-street, but he was not to be found there—I understood he was in the habit of going from his mother's, who lives there, to Westminster—I saw him again on the 22nd of January, I believe—that was nearly a month after it was lost—I and the officer went up stairs—the officer was in before me—I heard him say, "You are the man I want"—I followed him, and the officer said, "Is this the man?"—I said yes, it was—the prisoner said, "Don't be in a hurry, I want to speak to my mother"—his mother came in with a candle, and then the prisoner turned to me and said, "What is the value of the truck?"—I said, "I cannot tell, you are now in the officer's hands, and must go to the station-house"—I have not found the rest of my truck—not the wheels, nor the body.

Prisoner. Q. What time did I hire it? A. Ten minutes before three o'clock—you said it was for two hours, or about two hours—I cannot tell whether you live in Crawford-street.





GEORGE MILLS
. I accompanied the prisoner for the truck—I was in Mr. Collingwood's public-house—the prisoner said he was hard up, he had got a job, and did not know where to get a truck—I said I knew where he could get one—he said he would stand a drop of gin—I

took him to Mr. Boxall, and spoke for the truck—he said he should want it for two hours, to remove a bedstead to Grosvenor-place—I dragged the truck to the Yorkshire Stingo, and there we had the gin—I left him, and he went on with the truck towards Bays water.

Prisoner. Q. Was it to move or fetch a bedstead? A. To move one, you said.

Prisoner. Q. How often have you been in custody? A. Never.





WILLIAM BALLARD
. I go to country fairs to bring home horses, and live at No. 32, Duck-lane. On Wednesday evening, the 27th of December, I met the prisoner and another young man in the Broadway, between Mr. Home's and Mr. Manley's—the person that was with the prisoner said, "Here is a young man will buy your springs and axletree"—I asked him what sort they were—the prisoner said they came off a little green grocer's cart—I asked if they were his own—he replied, "Yes"—with that we went to Mr. Whipon's, and had some beer—we proceeded to York-place, and went to a little shed—he asked Mrs. Burt to bring a light, and we looked at them—I asked what he wanted—he said 12s.—I said they were not worth that of my money, and I offered him 8s.—he hesitated, and then agreed to take it—I left him 1s. on it, and went and pawned the coat I have on, got the money and paid him, and on Friday I took them to Smithfield to sell them—Mr. Boxall came and owned them—I was taken, and committed for re-examination—I was then liberated, and was afterwards fetched from my house to see the prisoner, whom Mr. Boxall had taken into custody.





JOHN NASH
, (police-constable D 129.) I took the prisoner on the 22nd—I went with the prosecutor to No. 91, Crawford-street—I sent a person to knock at the door—I waited half an hour, and then saw the door open—I went up stairs to the front attic—the door was locked—I found the key outside—I went in, and the prisoner was sitting smoking his pipe—I said, "I want you"—he said, "What for?"—I said, "For the track"—he said, "Stop a bit"—his mother came up, and he wanted to make it up—they wanted to know the price of it—I said I could not allow anything of the kind.

Prisoner. State the precise words. Witness. Your mother wanted to know what it was, and you asked several times what it was.

Prisoner's Defence. An article hired for the purpose of going from one place to another does not amount to felony, if disposed of on the road—the hiring being from Paddington to Grosvenor-place, and the sale being on the road, would be a breach of trust, not a felony.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
