



1492. 




WILLIAM JONES
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
15th of June, 1 glass measure, value 3s. 6d.; 1 goblet, value 1s. 6d.; 1 fingerglass, value 2s.; 1 glass bottle, value 1s.; and 1 glass stopper, value 2d.; the goods of 



Henry Newington, his master: and 1 pair of gloves, value 6d., of 



Horace Newington.






HORACE NEWINGTON
. I am the son of Henry Newington, a glass-dealer, in Whitechapel. The prisoner was in our service—Mr. Dyte came and gave us information—we could not miss this glass—I swear these are my father's property—we keep these sort of physic bottles for only one customer, and mark them when we sell them to him.

Prisoner. Q. What can you swear to this glass by? A. There is not such a bottle in London—it is graduated on both sides—I can swear to this tumbler by the make of it—there is no mark on it, but I know the make—we have them made for Mr. Coates, and they are all marked before they go into his house—the peculiarity is in the pattern—you will not find the same shape in London—we have often tried to match them, and are obliged to have them made—we should not sell them to any body but Mr. Coates—we never sell the goblets except to Mr. Coates, and we mark them all before they go into his house—I do not swear to these finger-glasses, nor this bottle—I can swear to this stopper, and can produce the bottle it belongs to—here are my gloves, which were found on the prisoner's person.

Prisoner. I was standing with George Ince—a little boy came up, and said, "Here George here is a stopper, will you have it"—I said, "Where did you get it?"—he said, "One of the school boys gave it to me, and I gave him 1d. for it"—I did not know that it was in the indictment, or I could prove I bought it. He was selling some clothes; and after he had sold them, I saw the gloves lying on the ground—I took them up, and intended to give them to him, but did not see him, and forgot it.





MAURICE DYTE
. I am a surgeon, and live in Houndsditch. The prisoner has been to my shop frequently, to sell bottles and a measure—I bought this measure of him for 1s.—the first time he came to me, I asked who he was; he said he lived with Mr. Savage of Whitechapel, and that he took the glass for a debt—my suspicions were excited, in consequence of his bringing so much glass—I directed my servant, at last, to follow him, and gave information to the prosecutor.





WILLIAM ARGENT
. I went to the prisoner's lodgings, and took him into

custody—I found these gloves on him—he directed me to his lodging—I found this finger-glass, stopper, and goblet there.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
