





682. 
               
                  ANN 
                  WRIGHT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
, 4 sovereigns, and 2 half-sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Sodergren
                     




                  , from his person
            .
CHARLES SODERGREN. I am a mariner
, and belong to the Prince George, free-trader. On the 16th of March, at night, I was on my way home to White-cross-street, where I live - I met the prisoner in the street - she asked me to go home with her - I asked where she lived - she said in White-cross-street; but she took me to No. 7, John's-place


 - when we got up stairs, I asked her to strike a light - she said she had no candle - I said, "Go and get one" - she said she had no money, and asked for a penny, to get one - I said I had none - she then asked me to give her a shilling - I would not - she pushed me on the bed, and began to feel about me, but she could not get my money - it was in my watchfob - I thought my money was not safe, and I took off my trowers, and laid them by my side on the bed - she jumped up in a moment, and ran off - I then took my trowsers, and missed my money - I lost four sovereigns, and two half-sovereigns - I sung out "Murder! I am robbed!" - I remained in the room till daylight next morning, and then went to the station and gave notice - it was about twelve o'clock when I went to the room - I had been drinking, but knew what I was about.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long did you suspect that she was going to rob you? A. I did not think she was going to rob me, but when I was in bed, she began to feel about my pocket - I took off my trowsers for fear - I meant to stop there, but not all night - she had hold of me all the time - I dare say she had hold of me and the trowsers too - I had no silver, nor copper - I had seen my £5 safe about eleven o'clock in the day - I had been into three public-houses - I had been in company with one of my shipmates - I was with no ladies - I had felt my money safe after the morning - I had another half-sovereign when I went out in the morning - I paid my shipmate 5s., and spent the rest in dinner and drink - I had four or five glasses of gin, and a share of two pots of ale - I was not very tipsy when I took off my trowers - I thought she could not find my money - it was dark in the room, but not in the street - I saw her in the street - we walked under a gas lamp - I saw her the next day in custody - she at first denied knowing any thing about me: but, afterwards she owned that she took me home, but denied as to the money - I searched the bed to see for the money - I waited a long time, and fell asleep - it was safe when I pulled off my trowers.


                  LEONARD 
                  CLARE MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Whitecross-street. The prisoner came to my shop on the morning of the 17th of March between ten and eleven o'clock - she redeemed two or three silk handkerchiefs - she gave me a sovereign, and I gave her the change.


                  MARY 
                  WALKER
               



            . I live at No. 16, Playhouse-yard. On the 17th of March, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, the prisoner brought to my house a tin box, and asked me to take care of those tickets for her - I was going out at the time, and I left the box on my landlady's counter - when I came back, the box was opened, and three sovereigns and some tickets were found in it.


                  SARAH 
                  HURSTWYATE
               



            . I keep a shop in Playhouse-yard. The box was left on my counter - when my husband came home, it was opened, and seven tickets and three sovereigns were in it - the prisoner's sister called for the box and its contents, and had it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you count up the money on those tickets? A. No; I do not know whether the money was the produce of the tickets.


                  JOHN 
                  SHEPHARD
               



             (police-serjeant G 9.) I apprehended the prisoner in Chiswell-street - I had before been with the prosecutor to the room in John's-place, and found a bit of ribbon in the room - I took it with me, and in the course of the day I saw three women talking - one of them had a bonnet with ribbons like the bit I found - I took the three women - one of them was the prisoner, but she had not the bonnet trimmed with this ribbon - the other women were discharged.


                  HENRY 
                  BERESFORD
               



             (police-serjeant G 8.) I was at the station-house. The prisoner and two other women, one of whom was the witness, Walker, were brought in - I told the prisoner she was charged with talking four sovereigns and two half-sovereigns from a sailor - she said she knew nothing of the sailor nor the money - I said, "I shall send you and Walker before the magistrate" - she said, "It is no use sending her before the magistrate, she knows nothing about it" - I then saw the prisoner had something in her hand - I took her hand, and got 9s. 6d., and 3 1/2d. from her - the prosecutor pointed her out as the woman - she denied it, and said he ought to keep with his wife.
Cross-examined. Q. Had he said he was married? A. Yes; his wife came there with him.
Prisoner's Defence. He had no money when he went with me, and of course I left him. He was quite intoxicated. He lives nearly opposite where I do.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not from the person
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
