






OLD COURT. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17.
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
1802. 
               

                        ALEXANDER 
                        BRAND
                     




                   and 
                     MARY ANN
                  
               



            , (HIS WIFE
) were indicted for 


               stealing, 1 carpet, value 10s.; 2 sheets, value 8s.; 1 set of bed-furniture, value 12s.; 2 window-curtains, value 7s.; 2 pillows, value 7s.; 1 candlestick, value 2s.; 1 looking-glass, value 9d.; 1 bolster, value 6d.; 1 blanket, value 6d.; 1 poker, value 1s.; 1 shovel, value 1s., and 1 pair of tongs, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Miles
               




            .


                  LOUISA 
                  MILES
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Miles
               



            , a carpenter
, in Regent-street, Chelsea


. I let the prisoners a furnished room on my first floor, about Christmas, at 5s. a week; they paid regularly till within the last five weeks- the woman said her husband was a cabinet-maker; we had given them warning several times, not liking them, and they left on Tuesday, the 14th of July, without saying a word - I was at home; they had nothing of their own, and walked out of the house - I did not expect they were going for good; I got into their room with the key of another door, which we found would open it, and missed all the articles stated in the indictment; the man returned by the house, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night - I sent for an officer, and gave him in charge; they had no right whatever to pawn my property - they owed me five weeks' rent; the lodging was let in the usual way - I had no security for the furniture; we asked for the rent - he sent us down a few duplicates of wearing-apparel, as security for rent, and I found they belonged to another person.


                  Alexander 
                  Brand
               



            . Q. How long did you know the goods to be in pawn before I was taken? A. The same afternoon; I did not know before - I had been continually asking them for a pair of sheets, which I had lent them, and as they did not return them, I suspected they might be pawned; we did not find them in linen - my husband, on the Friday before, had threatened to send for an constable to turn him out, because he would not leave; we did not like him in the house, because he came home at all hours - they sent down twelve tickets on the Sunday, and said they would pay the rent on the Tuesday; they were not as security for the property - I did not know it was pawned.


                  HENRY 
                  BOND
               



            . I am servant to Thorp and Co., pawnbrokers, of King's-road, Chelsea. I have a blanket, bolster, pillows, curtains, book, handkerchief, sheet, carpet, two pillows, looking-glass, and other things, pawned at different times, by a girl, in the name of Walker; she said she pawned them for her mother - she had been in the habit of pawning at our house for twelve months; the female prisoner had authorized me to take in whatever pledges the girl brought - I know she was their daughter- they were pledged at different times, from January to May.
MRS. MILES. The girl lived with them - she was about thirteen years old.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live inSloane-street. I have two curtains, pawned by the female prisoner on the 8th of June.


                  JOHN 
                  BRIEN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Gwyn's-buildings. I have some fire-irons, pawned on the 11th of June, for 18d., by 
               
                  Mary 
                  Brown
               



            , for 
               
                  Mary 
                  Walker
               



            , No. 9, Regent-street.


                  HENRY 
                  BAINES
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 14th of July, about eleven at night, I was fetched to this house, and took the male prisoner for robbing his lodging - he took the duplicates of all this property out of his pocket, and offered them to Miles.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The male prisoner handed in a long written Defence, stating that poverty had compelled him to pledge the articles; that the prosecutor had taken security for them, (and complaining of the Magistrate's inattention to the case while under his examination,) and stating that he had witnesses to prove the fact.
The case was postponed for five hours, but no witnesses arrived.
A.BRAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
M.A. BRAND - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Before Mr. Recorder.
