





1391. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SHEPHERD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 3rd of September
, at Hornsey


, 1 silver cruet stand, value 4l. 10s.; 3 cruet stoppers, value 10s.; 1 spoon, value 4s.; and 1 mustard glass, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph Hoare 
                           Bradshaw
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  TURTON
               



            . I am a groom and live at Hornsey, Mr. Bradshaw lives opposite to my master. On the 3rd of September, I saw the prisoner and another person about half-past one o'clock, in the day; the prisoner pulled off his shoes and stockings, and went into the door of Mr. Bradshaw's house - I waited about five minutes - I saw him come out and took him, with the property on him- I don't know what became of the other person.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HICKS
               



            . I am butler to Mr. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hoare Bradshaw
               



            , he lives there, it is his dwelling-house, and is in the parish of Hornsey - I did not see the prisoner till he was in the custody of the last witness - I went up andasked him what he had got, he said, "This," and opened his apron and showed me the cruet-stand - I said, "Is this all you have?" he said, "Yes," but I found this other property in his pocket, which I had put on the sideboard in the dining-room, twenty minutes before - this cruet-stand is worth 4l. 10s., the stopper 10s., the spoon 4s., and the glasses 2s. 6d., they are all my master's - I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  ROBERT 
                  CROUCH
               



            . I am an officer; I took the prisoner with this property on him.
Mr. Mitchell, a hair dresser, gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
