



2895. 




JOSEPH PERRY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th of October, 13lbs. weight of copper, value 7s., the goods of 



Thomas Tomlinson and another.






THOMAS HENRY THOMSON
 (police-sergeant D 4.) On Sunday, the 5th of October, I was on duty in Little James's-street, Lisson-grove, and saw the prisoner at the back of a wall—there was a light of gas thrown on that wall—he was doubling up something—he ran away—I followed him through some empty houses—he got on a privy, the roof gave way, he fell in, and I took him—he has known me for years—he said, "Don't collar me, I will go with you, if it is for murder—I found some copper gutters and piping where I first saw him—I asked where he got it—he said he found it, and in going along he said I might do some good for him—I said I should do no more than my duty made me—I took him to the station-house, and then went back and found this other piece of copper.





THOMAS TOMLINSON
. I am a plumber, and live in Bell-street. I and my brother were repairing these houses—this copper belongs to us—this old copper pipe and guttering was removing to make way for new—we were to have the old materials—I missed some copper from where I deposited it, at No. 1, Little James's-street—I went with the officer to the house, and went to open the door with the key, and the lock fell to pieces, it had been broken—it is about one hundred yards from where the officer found the prisoner—I am satisfied this copper is the same, but I will not swear to it—it corresponds in quantity with what I lost, and in shape and material also.





JOHN WILLMOTT
. I live in Princes-street. I assisted in taking down some old piping and gutters, and putting up some new at that house—I am quite positive this is the same I took down.

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from the pay-table—I and my mate had some words about 1s. 6d., and he struck me—I struck him—some persons came round—the policeman was coming, and I got through an empty house, and got on this place.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.
