





OLD COURT, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER, 6.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Patteson.
1743. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , on the 24th of July
, and stealing 1 coat, value 2l.; 1 pair of trousers, value 5s.; 1 shawl, value 4s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s., and 1 frock, value 2s., his property
            .


                  SARAH 
                  JONES
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Jones; we live in Carpernter's-row, Walham-green, in the parish of Fulham


. On the 24th of July I got up about half-past one o'clock in the morning, and went out about ten minutes to two, leaving my husband in bed - I was going to Covent-garden, with a head load; my brother-in-law, 
               
                  William 
                  Jones
               



            , went with me - I saw my brother-in-law latch the door, but it was not locked; the windows were all fast, and the back door bolted inside - my husband is a carter - I returned at half-past four o'clock, found the street door locked, and made a noise; my husband opened the door - the key was inside; the back door was open: we went up stairs, and found the box lid open, and these things gone; the box was in the room where my husband was sleeping - I had pulled that door too, but it had nolock; I had seen the things in the box overnight - I saw footsteps from the back door, about three yards, and then over the wall; we traced footsteps till we came to the house where the prisoner's mother lived; I knew him before, and had seen him about twenty yards from the door when I went out at two o'clock; he made a reel, as if he was tipsy - I have only known him since he came from transportation, which is about ten months ago.
WILLIAM JONES. I am Thomas Jones' brother, and rent the first floor garret - he rents the middle room of Comber, the landlord, who is a market-gardener; my brother's bed-room is on the first floor - I pay my rent to the landlord. I went out in the morning with 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Jones
               



            , about ten minutes to two o'clock; I shut the door, and am certain I latched it, for I pushed it to try it - I saw the prisoner about twenty yards from the door, on the step of the house where his mother used to live - I pay my rent to the landlord; nobody else lives in the house.
SARAH JONES. I left my husband in bed, and pulled the bed-room door too, but it has no lock nor fastening at all - all the things were in a box in that room.


                  JAMES 
                  SELLS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 24th of July, about half-past four o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner in Belgrave-place, Pimlico, about two miles and a half from Walham-green; he had two coats on and two pairs of trousers - I went and asked where he was going; he said he had got up rather too soon, and was going to Jew's-row, Chelsea, to awake a friend to go to Coventgarden market; I asked where he lived - he said at Fulham; I told him he was going the contrary way - he said he came through Knightsbridge for a walk, being up too early - I took him to the station-house, and found this shawl, handkerchief, and stockings, all stuffed in the crown of his hat; he said he had bought them at a large linendraper's at Putney, at nine o'clock in the morning before; I asked if he bought them for his mother or sister, he said No, for his girl, and that he lived at No. 6, down the Almonry.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of stealing the goods, or breaking into the house - I bought them at a pawnbroker's, as I told the Policeman when he took me; I defy any body to say they saw me go near the house, or come out of it.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
