






1249. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DEAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DEACON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of May, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Corbett
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  CHARLES MURRAY
               



            . I saw Dean take a handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket, near William-street, Blackfriars


, on the 5th of May, between eight and nine o'clock at night; he gave it to Deacon, who put it into his pocket - I told the prosecutor, then followed them over the bridge till I met an officer, and gave them in charge; I saw Deacon throw down the handkerchief as he was going back - a person took it up, and delivered it at the station-house; the prosecutor was not there that night, but he owned it the next day.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Was it dark? A. It was dusky; I was on one side of the bridge and they on the other; I could distinctly see Dean take it - the handkerchief was light, and the gentleman was dressed in black.
Deacon. I am sure he could not see us; he has been a witness here a dozen times. Witness. I have been a street-keeper, and have had a number of cases here.
COURT. Q. Did you keep your eyes upon them? A. Yes; they were not out of my sight, except when I turned my head to speak to the prosecutor.
MR. LEE. Q. Were you not in the old Police? A. No. I was in the new Police, but have been discharged three weeks for being asleep on my beat - it was not for being drunk.


                  WALTER 
                  FLEMING
               



            . I am a Police-man. I was on duty on the 5th instant; Murray pointed out the prisoners to me, and with his assistance I took them both - as we were going to the station-house, I told Murray to walk behind to see that they did not put their hands to their pockets - and in Pell-street, Deacon was in the act of pulling out this handkerchief, and this other with it - he threw them down; one of the men took them up, and took them to the station-house.
Cross-examined. Q. What time elapsed between Murray coming to you, and your taking them? A. Not more than five minutes; he must have lost sight of them; I dare say they did not expect to be taken - I dare not search a man till I take him to the inspector.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CORBETT
               



            . This is my handkerchief, which I had taken from me on the 5th of May - it has no mark on it, but I believe it is mine; I did not see either of the prisoners till they were in custody.
Cross-examined. Q. Is it not a very common pattern? A. I do not know Sir - I believe it to be mine.
DEAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
DEACON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
