





1980. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HULME
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of September
, 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 sovereign, 4 half-crowns, 8 shillings, and 2 sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        Frances 
                        Lewis
                     




                  , from her person
            .
FRANCES LEWIS. I am single
. On the 19th of September, about half-past two o'clock, I was standing at the corner of St. Paul's church-yard


, to allow a carriage to pass - I felt a tug at my reticule; I thought it was gone, and on taking it up my keys dropped from it; I found the bottom of it had been cut, and my purse and money gone - at the same time my sister, who was with me, had the heel of her shoe trod on; she looked back, and called my attention to the prisoner, who was walking away, and she detained him - I have not found my purse; it was safe in my bag when I left Norwood at nine o'clock in the morning, and contained the money.


                  ELIZA 
                  BLANDON
               



            . I was with my sister, waiting for a carriage to pass - she caught hold of her bag, and said her purse was gone; I turned round, as the prisoner trod on my heels, and I saw him draw his hand from my side - there were two others with him, but they went away; I am positive he drew his hand from my sister - he was the nearest person to her.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. He must havebeen very near you when he trod in your heel? A. Yes- I turned round instantly; I kept my eyes on him, from the time I saw him move his hand, and I took him.
Q. Could he have done any thing without your seeing him? A. Not that I am aware of; I kept hold of him for a few minutes, till an officer came up - no purse was found on him, nor any instrument to cut with; he could not have given either knife or purse to any body after I saw him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am an officer. I searched the prisoner, and found on him four half-crowns and 12s.
Cross-examined. Q. You searched him minutely? A. Yes; I found no knife on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to my cousin's in Drury-lane, when the lady laid hold of me; I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
