




1039. 




GEORGE MILLETT
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
2nd of March, 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; the goods of 



Acheson Thompson Henderson, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ACHESON THOMPSON HENDERSON
. I am a member of Lincoln's-inn. On Sunday, the 22nd of March, between five and six o'clock in the evening, I was in Broad-street, Bloomsbury, walking with a friend, who asked me if I had lost my handkerchief—I put my hand to my pocket and found I had—he said the boy who took it had gone into a gin-shop—I ran in, and saw a boy run out at the other door—I ran out after him, and found the prisoner was stopped by another gentleman who was also walking with me—the keeper of the gin-shop came out with the handkerchief in his hand—the prisoner attempted to escape, and got out of his coat and waistcoat, leaving them in my friend's hand—I followed, and secured him.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You are sure this was the boy you laid hold of? A. Yes; I cannot be certain he was the boy who came out of the public-house—there were many persons—I did not observe any boys but the prisoner.





JOHN GRAVES THOMPSON
. I was in company with Mr. Henderson—the boy came close behind him—I turned round, and saw the handkerchief in his hand—I asked the prosecutor if he had lost one—the said he had—the boy ran into the gin-shop—I followed, and never lost sight of him till he was secured, except just at he turned in at the door—I am quite sure he is the boy.





THOMAS CODGBROOK
. I keep the Brown Bear in Broad-street. About ten minutes after five o'clock tke prisoner came running in at my door, as if he was playing at hiding—I told him to go away—two gentlemen came is—I went from behind the bar, aad picked up the handkerchief behind the door, where he bad been.

Cross-examined. Q. Were there other boys playing at hiding? A. No other boy came in but him.





JOHN RAFFRAY
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate from the Clerk of the Peace, at Clerkenwell, of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—I was a witness against him, and know him to be the boy.




GUILTY
. Aged 12.—


Transported for Seven Years.
