





OLD COURT. TUESDAY, MAY 17.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1160. 
               
                  
                     DENNIS 
                     HURLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Norbury
                        




                     
                  , on the 14th of April
, and stealing, 8 copper rings, value 44s., the goods of Joseph Norbury and others
            .
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM CARTER. I am apprentice to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Norbury
               



            , who lives in Whitechapel-road


. On the 14th of April, at nine o'clock in the evening. I was up stairs in the kitchen, and heard the door shut; I ran down stairs immediately, as I knew nobody was in the house - I ran into the street, and saw three men walking away as fast as they could, altogether; they were about eight yards from the house - I was not a minute getting into the street; I knew one of them, which was the prisoner - I had seen him so many times in the road, singing ballads; I knew him well, and could have no doubt of him - he turned round, looked at me, and instantly began to run; they had some copper rings in their hands between them- one man I caught hold of had one in each hand; he instantly dropped them - the prisoner had some in his hand; I had caught the man with his head under my arm - he broke from me, leaving his hat under my arm; I pursued fifteen or twenty yards further, till we came to an open field - they went right across the field; I returned, picked up the rings, and went home - I described the prisoner to the officer next morning, and he was taken; I swear most positively to him - I suppose the house had been entered with a false-key, as I had locked it myself half an hour before, and had not let any body in; my fellow-servant and the apprentice were in the kitchen with me, and had not been out of it to open the door.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. The first thing you heard was the door banging? A. Yes - neither the servant nor apprentice are here; I had been up to wash myself, after fastening the door - I swear I did not say before the Magistrate that I saw nothing in the prisoner's hands; I said he had these rings - I first saw him just against the Hospital public-house, when he turned round; that is about twelve yards from master's house - they did not come out of the public-house; I saw them before they got to the public-house door.
COURT. Q. When you came out the three men were together? A. Yes - they were going towards the public-house.


                  JOSEPH 
                  NORBURY
               



            . The rings are my property - I am in partnership with my brother.
JAMES LEA. I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 5th of May - Carter described him to me on the day of the robbery; I took him in the Commercial-road, at half-past ten o'clock at night, singing songs - I have known him some years.
Cross-examined. Q. You apprehended him more than three weeks after the robbery? A. Yes; I have seen him occasionally singing songs in the street - the Commercial-road is about half a mile from the prosecutor's; he gave me the name of Hurley, but on searching his lodging, I found it was Collins - I had been in search of him some time.
Prisoner's Defence. What made them call me Collins was because that was my mother's name - my father is dead, and I have been reared among my mother's friends.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
