





936. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  THURBORNE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Herbert 
                           Turner
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            ; and that he had been before convicted of felony.
HERBERT TURNER. I am a surgeon
, and live in Dean-street, St. Thomas', Southwark. On the night of the 23rd of February, about half-past seven o'clock, I was in John-street


, going home with a friend - I felt something at my coat pocket, but I did not turn immediately; I waited to have my pocket picked - I then turned, and saw the prisoner with my handkerchief in his hand, and another boy near him, who ran away - I caught the prisoner directly; I seized his hand and the handkerchief at the same moment- he said he was not the boy who picked the pocket, and wished me to let him go; he said the handkerchief was on the ground, and he picked it up - the officer came in a few minutes, and I gave the boy and the handkerchief to him.


                  JAMES 
                  BOYCE COX
               



            . I am the Police-constable. I received the prisoner on the 23rd of February; this is the handkerchief - it was partly in his hand, and partly in the prosecutor's.
Prisoner. The prosecutor had me in his possession a quarter of an hour before the officer came up; he had put the handkerchief into his pocket, and took it out again - he said he would do all he could to send me out of the country.
MR. TURNER. When I turned round the other boy ran away, and the other was about arm's length from me - I turned the instant I thought the handkerchief clear from my person - the prisoner was not running; he said he was innocent, and wished me to go to his mother's.
Prisoner's Defence (written). I beg to assert that I am innocent of the crime imputed to me; I was passing at the moment on an errand for my mother - I saw the handkerchief laying on the ground; I picked it up (thinking it had been dropped by some person), when I was seized and charged with stealing the handkerchief.


                  JOHN 
                  DOVE
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I know the prisoner; I saw him tried here on the 6th of January last- I am sure he is the same person; I have the certificate of his conviction - (read).



               GUILTY
            . - Aged 15. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
