





29. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     READING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of October
, 1 gown, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Healing
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  HEALING
               



            . I am the wife of Francis Healing - we live in Ossulton-street, St. Pancras


. On the 22nd of October I heard a person come in and go up stairs, who I thought was my son - I called to him twice, but he did not answer - I then heard my bed-room door open; I went up, and saw the prisoner in my yard - I said, "What do you want?" she said, "I came to see a lodger of yours;" I said I had no lodger - she then went round my yard; I went to her and said, "It is curious you should come into my house without asking me," and I saw my gown in a basket in her hand, and there were some plates and knives and forks in it; the gown had been in my bed-room, where I had wrapped it up about ten minutes before - she ran away, but in about half an hour she came opposite my house; my son and another lad ran after her - this is the gown.


                  DAVID 
                  BARRY
               



            . I went in pursuit of the prisoner - she ran down several streets, got into a stable, and hid herself, but the dog smelt her; I went in, and found her - when I got her out she fought and scratched my face very much, but I got her to my mistress', who took her to the station; the dog was poisoned on the Saturday afterwards.


                  JOHN 
                  WALKER
               



             (Police-constable S 40). I received the prisoner, and have the property.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going with my brother's dinner, and on passing the prosecutor's I saw the gown rolled up - I took it, and put it into my basket; the prosecutrix snatched the basket from my hand, and said it was hers - I ran back to tell my mother, then went to her house, and went with her to the watch-house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
