





582. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CONNER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of March
, 1 coat, value 4s.; 1 rule, value 6d.; 1 hammer, value 3d.; and 1 knife, value 3d., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Gargery
                     




                  , and that he had before been convicted of felony
            .


                  MICHAEL 
                  DEVINE
               



            . I am a labourer, and live in Paradise-court, Cow-cross. I was at work, on the 11th of March, at Mr. Fenton's, in Smithfield


 - I saw the prisoner come into the warehouse, and take this coat off a crate at the end of the warehouse, and go out - I followed and took him - I asked what he wanted with the coat - he said a man who belonged to it had sent him in for it - I asked a him where the man was - he said he was in a public-house, having a pint of beer - I said, "I shall not let you go till I see the man" - I went into the stables, where two plumbers were at work that day - it was not theirs - they sent for the owner of the coat, who is a painter.
Prisoner. Q. Was this Mr. Fenton's warehouse? A. Yes; there were men at work there.
Prisoner. I went there to inquire for work - I picked the coat up, and threw it on a large package. Witness. He did not; nobody was about the place - I was down in the cellar - I saw him take it off the crate, and he was putting it on his back when I detected him; he was putting one arm into the sleeve - he asked me to let him go.
JOHN GARGERY. I live at No. 27, Bond-street, Borough-road. This is my coat - I did not send the prisoner for it- I was in Mr. Fenton's employ, as a painter
 - I left my coat on a crate at the back of the warehouse folded up - there was a hammer, knife, and rule in the pocket - I found them still in it, when the prisoner was detained.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am constable of St. Sepulchre. I took the prisoner into custody.
Prisoner to M. DEVINE. You were down in the cellar, and the coat was a long way behind, and as I came out, as I could not see the foreman to ask him for a job, I saw the coat, took it up, and put it on the crate? Witness. I saw him go to the crate - I am not mistaken about his being about to put it on - he had one of his arms at the sleeve of the coat - I asked what he was going to do with it - he said the man belonging to the coat had sent him for it - I asked where he was - he said, "At the public-house drinking a pint of beer" - I went next door, where there were two plumbers at work - they fetched the prosecutor, who identified it.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you ask me if I worked there? A. No.
WILLIAM PHILLIPS. Devine said, he asked the man if he worked there; and he said, not - that was when he came for me, but not when he was stopped with the coat.
M. DEVINE. I did not ask if he worked there, to my recollection.
WILLIAM PHILLIPS re-examined. He came to my house, and said I must come to the station-house, to take a man into custody - he asked the prisoner if he worked on the premises, and Devine said, "No" - Devine asked the man if he worked on the premises - I was not present - I am sober - he told me he had asked if he worked there.


                  JOHN 
                  KING
               



            . I am a policeman. I was present in this court, on the 14th of February, 1833, when the prisoner was tried - I produce a certificate of his conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office - I know he is the man mentioned in the certificate. (Read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
