





1752. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     PERKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of August
, 1 watch, value 30s., and 1 key, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           McGillycuddy
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  McGILLYCUDDY
               



            . I am a labourer
, and live on Saffron-hill


 - I rent the house; the prisoner was in my service for about a month. On the 19th of August, between ten and eleven o'clock, I went up stairs, as there was a disturbance with my lodgers, and had my watch in my fob; the prisoner did not go up with me - I had words with my lodgers, and was knocked down by three or four of them; I got from them, and returned to my room, which is on the ground floor - I was asked about my watch in about five minutes - it was gone from my fob; I had not missed it, and cannot say where it was taken from me - I afterwards suspected the prisoner, and gave her in charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PENNY
               



            . I am journeyman to Mr. Cotterel, a pawnbroker, of Shoe-lane. On the 21st of August I took this watch in pledge for 12s., in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Grub
               



            , No. 19, Fetter-lane; I believe the prisoner to be the person - (looking at a duplicate) this is the duplicate I gave her; she pawned it in the middle of the day.


                  CHARLES 
                  JOHN KEMP
               



            . I am a Policeman. On Thursday, the 23rd of August, I received the prisoner in charge from the prosecutor; he at first accused her of taking the change of a sovereign, and then with stealing his watch -I searched her, and found this duplicate of the watch on her - I took her to Penny, who said, in her hearing, to the best of his knowledge she was the person who pawned it; she made no answer.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I lodged there, and paid him 1s. a week; his wife was out, and they asked me to mind the children; he had a fight with his lodgers, and took them to the station next morning, and swore they had stolen his watch, but the inspector would not take the charge; on Wednesday morning his wife took two tickets out of the box, and asked if I could read; I said No, but one was marked 1s. 6d.; she then went to the box, gave me this ticket, and told me to mind it for her - I did not know what it was for till I was taken.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not from the person
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
