



1404. 




MARY MURPHY
 was indicted

 for that she having been before convicted of unlawfully uttering conterfeit coin, did, on the 
14th of May, unlawfully, unjustly, deceitfully, and feloniously utter and put off to 



Thomas Rickell a counterfeit sixpence, well knowing it to be counterfeit.






CALEB EDWARD POWEL
. I am assistant-solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Mary Murphy for uttering counterfeit silver in March, 1835—I have examined it with the original record in Mr. Clark's office—it is a true copy (read.)





JOHN LAWRENCE
. I am a policeman. I was present at the trial of Mary Murphy, in March, 1835, for uttering base coin—I am quite sure the prisoner is the person.





THOMAS RICKELL
. I keep the Queen's Head tavern, Dukes's—court, Bow-street. On the 14th of May the prisoner came to my house, and called for a glass of gin—there were three more people with her—after telling her the price, she said she would have a glass of beer—I served her, and she gave me a sixpence.—I gave her 4d. change—I said the sixpence on the counter by itself; and when she was gone I found it was a bad one—about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour afterwards, she came in again, and gave me another sixpence for a glass of beer—I bit it, and laid it on the counter with the other—I found it bad, and went out and called in a policeman—she went out herself, and came in again in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, and called for another glass of beer—she gave me another sixpence—I laid hold of it, and gave it to the policeman, who immediately took her into custody—I gave him the other two sixpences—he took her in to the back-parlour, and searched her.





JAMES MOCKALL
. I am a policeman. I was called into Mr. Richell's house—the prisoner came in the about five minutes—I saw tender him a bad sixpence—I took her into the back-parlour, and searched her, and found a bad found a sixpence and 4d. in copper on her—she had called for a glass of porter, and had received the 4d. in change.






JOHN FIELD
. These sixpences are all counterfeit, and all cast in the same mould.

Prisoner. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Life.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

