






452. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     RUST
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOWARD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 14th of January
, 2 cheeses, value 26s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Brooks
                        




                     
                  ; and that Rust had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I live in Red Lion-street, Holborn


, and am a cheesemonger
. On the 14th of January, about five o'clock in the evening I heard of this, and went as I was directed; I saw Howard carrying one cheese, and another person carrying one - Howard turned his head, saw me, and dropped his cheese and ran off; his companion saw that, and he dropped his cheese; I pursued them both some distance, but I thought I might lose my cheeses; I returned and took them up - in a few minutes Howard was brought back, and I knew him; these are my cheeses.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. You pursued two persons? A. Yes; it was dusk - there were a great many persons passing - they had their backs towards me, but Howard turned his face, and I can speak confidently to him; I knew him as soon as he was brought back.


                  ANN 
                  AYERILL
               



             GREGORY. My husband lives opposite the prosecutor. On the 14th of January I was sitting in our shop - I saw Rust go to the prosecutor's and take two cheeses; I did not see any other person - he turned a corner.
JHON BROOKS. They might be a hundred or a hundred and fifty yards off before I saw them; they had turned a corner.


                  JAMES 
                  FULLER
               



             (Police-constable, E 118.) I took 
               Howard
             that evening in the shop, and I took Rust on the 16th of January.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURTON
               



             (Police-constable, G 1.) I have a certificate of the conviction of Rust, by the name of Ward, which I got from Mr. Clark's office; I took him, and am certain he is the man.
Two witnesses gave 
               Howard
             a good character.
RUST - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
HOWARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Confined Six Months
            .
