



722. 




CHARLES BRADFIELD
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
30th of December, at St. Mary, Stratford-le-Bow, 1 mare, price 351., the property of 



Hamilton Gill.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution,





EDWARD KEENE
. I am fifteen years old, and am in the service of Mr. Hamilton Gill. I remember about Christmas, it being very snowy weather—I locked the stable-door, about half-past five o'clock—the night before the horse was lost, and hung the key up in the house—the chestnut mare was safe in the stable at that time—I went to the stable next morning, at six o'clock, and found the door open, and the mare gone—the lock was off the door, and hanging by one screw—I have since seen the mare at Worship-street, in the officer's possession.





MR. HAMILTON GILL
. I live at Shenley lodge, near South Mimms, in Hertfordshire. On the morning of the 30th of December, I received information from my servant—I went to the stable, found it broken open, and missed the mare—I consider the value of it about 35l.—there were marks on the stable door as if it had been forced with some instrument—there was snow on the ground—I looked about, and observed the marks of the horse's feet, and of men's feet—there were marks of more than one man's feet—they pointed from the gate to the house, and from the house into the high road again—about a fortnight afterwards I received information from George Osborne; in consequence of which I came to town, and saw the mare in his stables—the mare belonged to ray brother, but had been in my care about two years—she was not clipped before I lost her—she was a darkish chestnut, with rather a long switch tail—when I found her at Osborne's, she had been clipped, and had a short, Docked tail—clipping a horse alters its appearance a little—it would prevent its answering a description which the owner gave of it—if a black horse is clipped, it becomes a lighter colour—I have known a grey

horse clipped, and part of it was black, and part mouse colour—it depend on the colour of the skin—I knew my mare again perfectly well.

Prisoner. Q. Was the mare lame when you had her? A. Sometimes he was, but she had been in the stable a long time—I do not know whether she was lame when she was stolen—she has never been in harness, to my knowledge—I do not know that she was a roarer.


MR. CLARKSON. Q. Would 9l. 10s. be a fair value for her? A. I should say, certainly not.





WILLIAM HENRY BUSH
. I am a horse-clipper, and live at Stratford, in Essex. On the 30th of December, about eleven or half-past eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to my house—I was not at home, and he sent for me—I saw him at the Harrow public-house—I have known him three or four years—he asked me if I could clip a horse for him—I said I could—he said he had not yet purchased the horse, that she belonged to a little man inside, that there was 10s. between them, and he dare say he should have her, or he intended to have her—he said he wanted it done as quick as possible, for he wanted to show her—I went to the White Horse and Woolpack at Old Ford to Do her—that is about a mile from the Harrow—he went on first—I stopped to get my comb and scissors, and then followed him—he told me to come to the White Horse—I went and found him there, and there was a little dark man there, who looked a good deal like a Jew—I heard the prisoner ask him if he was to have the horse—he said, no, without he gave him the 10l., the prisoner said he would not have it unless 5s. or 10s. were thrown off, I cannot say which—the prisoner agreed to have it of him, and something was written on a stamp by the little man, which he gave to the prisoner—no money passed between them in my presence—we then all went into the, stable together—I found a chestnut mare there—she had been sweated a good deal, and was stained with sweat and dirt—she had no shoes on behind, and her tail was bleeding, having been fresh Docked—(I afterwards saw the same horse at Worship-street)—the prisoner paid me for the clipping—he walked on to the White Horse before me, and a man named Basset, who was with him, walked with roe to the White Horse—the prisoner could not have got there above two or three minutes before me—I never saw the dark man before—the prisoner and he talked very friendly together, but the prisoner told me he was a stranger to him—I should think South Mimms is nineteen or twenty miles from Bow—it it a cross-country road—the prisoner told me he had bought the mare for 9l. 10s.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I ask the man how long he had had her? A. Yes—he said he had had her four or five months, when she had been turned out in a box and kept on hay—I do not recollect your asking him what made her all over dirt, and in such a rough state; but I heard him say she had not been cleaned for a long time—I heard the man say, two or three days after, that it was his brother's mare, and he would not have sold her only he was short of money.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Where was it he said that? A. At the Eagle, in Mile-end-road—Osborne was there at the time—I happened to be in at Osborne's four' or five days after the sale of the horse, and Basset came in there, and shortly afterwards the little man and the prisoner came in.





GEORGE OSBORNE
. I am a pork-butcher, and live in Wentworth-place, Mile-end-road. I know the prisoner—on Tuesday, the 3rd of January, I exchanged a bay horse with him—I received from him a chestnut mare, clipped

and with a docked tail—on the Monday evening previous I had seen the prisoner with the dark Jewish looking man—Basset came to my house first, and then the prisoner and the little man came—it was between five and eight o'clock in the evening—Bush was at my house at the time, talking to me—I have known him some years—we all went to the Eagle tavern, next door but one to me—we stopped there five or ten minutes I believe, and had a glass of ale—I came back to my house—we exchanged horses the following day—we had no dealings at the Eagle—we talked about it—there was a difference of opinion between the prisoner and myself at to the value of the horse—I wanted 5l. in money for mine, and he wanted 5l. for his, making a difference of 10l.—he never gave me the price of his mare as I would not buy her right out—I wished to exchange—my horse was worth about 25l.—the prisoner came to my house the following day about one o'clock—I believe he was alone—when he came Bush's father and a Mr. Green had come to purchase my horse—the witness Bush was not there—the prisoner called in, and we all went over to my stable together, to look at my horse—Basset and the little man were not there—the prisoner's man, who went by the name of Tom, was sent by the prisoner for his mare—I have known the prisoner about three years, and always understood him to be a horse-dealer—his stables were then at Hackney, but I have bought horses of him at stables in town—I do not know that he had any stables at this time—the man brought the mare, and we then exchanged one horse for the other—no money was given on either side—shortly afterwards I had suspicions that the mare was stolen—I went to Mr. Gill and told him of this—I cannot say whether Basset and the prisoner were in partnership—I have heard the prisoner say they had stables together, and paid 8s. 6d. a week for them—he said so at the time I purchased the horse, which I exchanged for Mr. Gill's—that was about six weeks before Christmas—I bought that horse of the prisoner out of a stable where Basset's name was on the gate—the prisoner said he and Basset rented the stable together—it was at Hackney or Homerton—I do not know that they rented any stable at the Woolpack.

Prisoner. Q. When I went to the Eagle, did not the little man say he would not sell her if he was not short of money, and that it was his brother's? A. Yes; You told me he had a pony-chaise and harness for sale—I did not hear the little man himself say so—You said he knew more about the mare than you did—he told me he had sold her to you—I had given three sovereigns and a grey mare for the bay horse—the prisoner sold the grey mare to a friend of mine for 15l., I understand, but when I exchanged that mare it was in poor condition—he did not wish me to buy her, but to keep and work her, as she was ill—but when I exchanged her with the last one she had got in good condition, and was worth more—the chestnut mare was rather low in condition, she was lame—her leg was swollen inside—I discovered that she roared a little—I never put her into harness—he told me she would jib in harness, but I never tried her.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you pay him part of the money for the bay horse at Worship-street? A. Yes I did—when I exchanged the grey more for the bay horse I gave him two sovereigns, and was to give him two more, if he sold her for only 14l. or any thing under—he sold her a few days before his apprehension to Mr. Webb for 15l., and we settled the difference when he was in custody—Webb has paid for the grey horse since he has been in custody—I think I saw the little man on Saturdays

the 31st of December—he must have been either with the prisoner or Basset, I cannot say which—I cannot say where it was I saw him I cannot positively say that I did see him, but I have a faint recollection that I did—the prisoner and he seemed friendly, they were drinking together—but the prisoner said he was a perfect stranger, and he did not know who he was—that was on the Monday—the name of the little man did not occur at all—I should say about three weeks previous was the first time I saw Basset, he was then with the prisoner—the little man was with us when the prisoner and I exchanged horses.





WILLIAM HOLLAND
. I am a policeman. On the 26th of January the prisoner was pointed out to me in the parlour of the Cock and Magpie public-house, Worship-street, by Mr. Osborne, as the man he had purchased the horse of—I asked him whether he had sold a horse lately to Mr. Osborne—he said he had—I asked where he got it from—he said he bought it of a man who he knew well, of the name of Jenkins—I asked if he could find him—he said he could—I then told him the horse was stolen, and took him into custody—he said, "I bought it, and have got a receipt for it, at least my wife has at home"—that was all that passed—Osborne was present during the whole conversation—in consequence of what the prisoner said, I went to some stables in Worship-street, and found a female up stairs, who answered to the name of Bradfield, and she showed me a paper which I gave her again—the prisoner's solicitor afterwards produced it at the office, and it remained in his possession, I believe.

Prisoner. Q. Should you know the receipt again if you saw it? A. Yes; this is it—(looking at it.)

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was the name of Jenkins to that receipt? A. No.

Prisoner's Defence. On the Friday morning Basset and the little man came to me, about nine or ten o'clock—they told me, if I would go to the White Horse Old Ford, they had got a mare they would sell me—I went and looked—they asked 10l. for her—I bid 9l. 10s.—they said they would not take it, and I went away—I thought they would let me have her, and I went to Bush and told him I thought I should buy her, and to clip her for me, as she was very rough—he said he would, and charged me 15s., which I paid him after he clipped her—when I went back, the little man, (who gave his name Simpson, I think,) said, if I liked to give 5s. more I should have her—I said I would not give him more, and after a little while, he said I should have her—I told him if he went home with me I would pay him, if he would give me a receipt—he said he had got a stamp in his pocket—he then wrote it out and went home with me, and I paid him—I have a witness named Pledger, who can prove I was at home on the Friday night it was stolen—(receipt read)—"December 30th, 1836—Received of Mr. Bradfield the sum of 9l. 10s., for a chestnut mare, with all her faults—W. Simpson."





ROBERT EDWARD FRANCIS
. I live at Old Ford with my mother, who keeps the White Horse and Woolpack public-house. I know the prisoner by seeing him at our house—I did not see him give any money for the mare, but I saw him dealing for it—there was a receipt passed in our perlour for the mare, between the prisoner and a person named Simpkins, think—I did not know the man—Tom, the prisoner's young man, brought the mare there between seven and eight o'clock that morning.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you ever see any dealing for horses at the White Horse before? A. No—I have been there one Year next May—I never saw the prisoner take any receipt for a horse before—I took this

horse in, and waited upon them in the parlour—two horses came, a chestnut and a grey one—I have not seen the grey since—the horses were very cool, and the mare had a cloth on her when she came to our house, as though the had just come from a stable—she had no head-cloth—she was not sweated at all, nor dirty—the snow was on the ground at the time—she had her two fore-shoes on, hut no shoes behind—I believe it was between eleven and twelve o'clock when I saw the prisoner—I had not seen him that day before—I don't know where he lived—Basset the little man and the prisoner came in together.





WILLIAM LOCKWOOD
. I live at Stratford. I saw the prisoner buy the mare at Mrs. Francis's, at Old Ford, of a little man—I can't tell his name—I never saw him before nor since—I saw no money paid, but I saw the I receipt given.





THOMAS WIBB
. I am a veterinary surgeon, and live at Ware. I have known the prisoner eight or nine years—I always believed him a very upright man in his dealings—Osborne and the policeman came to me to inquire for the prisoner, and I told them where to find him—I went to his home—I found him at a public-house, and told him the officers were after him for horse-stealing.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you buy the grey mare? A. I did—I had teen her often before I bought her—I don't think I was in town on the 30th or 31st of December—I never was at Old Ford—I am not a horse-dealer, and never was—I have no forge at Ware—I have stables for four or fire horses there—I have seen Basset three times—I do not know a man named Simpkins or Jenkins—I know Bush—he has clipped horses for Be—I know Lockwood—he was my father's servant some years—I had bought horses of the prisoner before I bought the grey mare—the grey mare was the last I bought—I did not intend to buy her—I had asked him to look for a horse for me, and he said, "You can take my grey mare, and work her till I get another for you;" but since he has been in prison he wanted the money, and I have paid him for it—I have not beard that the grey mare was stolen—nothing of the kind—no inquiries have been made about her—I have known her for years—Osborne had her before he did, and before that, Searle, of Loughton—I cannot say exactly how many horses I have bought of the prisoner—it may be eight or ten, and two or three perhaps within the last twelve months, for my own use—I went to his house the day he was apprehended, but he was not there—I had not seen him before I went there—I saw him about five minutes after I had been there—his house is in a yard in Worship-street—he has an apartment there—when I went there I got a piece of paper from there, and burnt it—I went to the house for the prisoner, as I was ordered by Osborne and the officer—he was not there—from there I went to the Magpie and Cock—I can explain what the paper was which I burnt—the prisoner wished me to pay him for this mare, and asked me to lend him 10l. or 15l.—I told him at the time it was rather inconvenient, but he could have it by-and-by—he said, would I accept a bill—I said, "Certainly"—when he was taken into cuatody, I said to him, "That bill, of course, is of no service to you"—he said no, and if I asked his wife for it, she would give it to me—I then burnt it—it was a bill for 32, which I had lent him about ten day or a fortnight before he was taken—no other name was on the bill but my own and his—I did not notice any name—I did not pay that attention to it—I did not look at the back—the prisoner found the stamp and drew the bill—he did not buy it in my presence—I swear that—

I did not notice the amount of the stamp—the bill was written at his own apartment, his wife was present at the time it was written, but nobody else.

Q. Will you swear that positively? A. You ask me almost too close a question there—I don't remember any more—I will swear there was not more than one other man present besides myself and him—I don't know that there was another man—I can't say that Basset was there, or that he was not.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you examine the chestnut mare? A. I saw her on the Tuesday—I cannot remember the day of the month—she was lame in all four legs, and with spavins in both hind legs—there was an enlarge, ment on the near fore-leg and a navicular lameness of the off fore-leg, and she was a high-blower—a roarer.


MR. CLARKSON. Q. She was not worth a 5 note, I daresay? A. She was not.





GEOROE OSBORNE

re-examined. I have known the prisoner three years, and always considered him an honest, upright man.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Pray, had you the good fortune to find any other horse that was stolen? A. Yes—on the 14th of February, since the prisoner has been in custody—it belonged to Mr. Packer, a surgeon, at Hoxton—I understood the prisoner had sold it to Mr. Martin—Webb came to my house, and I asked his opinion of the chestnut mare—he told me she was not worth 10l., and advised me not to buy her.
(Samuel Waldock, Great Chesterfield; William Ryder, smith and iron-founder, Saffron Walden; James Newman, omnibus proprietor; James Kerrison; William Lowe, coach proprietor; Thomas Sheldrake, Great Chesterfield; and Thomas Rumble, farmer, Clapton, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Life.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

