





783. 
               
                  
                     JOSHUA 
                     MOORE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of March
, 48 yards of woollen cloth, value 22l.; 22 yards of kerseymere, value 5l., and 2 yards of canvas, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry Worster 
                  Chandler
               



            .
SECOND COUNT, stated them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Kipping
                  



               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  KIPPING
               



            . I am a carman
. On the 15th of March I was employed to take some goods from Mr. Chandler's, at the George Snow-hill; they were packed in bales - I had them in my waggon; they were going to Leeds, in Yorkshire - I received them about ten o'clock in the morning; the prisoner is a stranger - I was going with them to the Bull and Mouth; I had two more smaller trusses; when I got a little distance down Aldersgate-street


 I missed them - I was driving the waggon, and walking by the side of the horses; this truss laid at the back of the waggon - I did not see the prisoner till he was at Guildhall, which was the same day, and the truss was produced, and contained woollen clothes; there was a little boy, about five years old, in the cart.


                  JOHN 
                  ARCHER
               



            . Kipping informed me he had lost this bale about a quarter to eleven o'clock; I was at work in Jewin-crescent, saw the prisoner run into a yard, and flag down the bale behind a gate, and then he tried to pull the gate too - he went and beckoned to a person dressed like a gentleman, and said, "Come along with it," and he (the prisoner) took it away; I went across the street and told my master I was sure they had not come by it honestly - I was not present when the prisoner was secured; I saw him in custody the same day.


                  JAMES 
                  WARD
               



            . I am a builder. In Consequence of information I followed the prisoner till he got into Monkwell-street; there was another man, more of a gentleman than himself; I think he suspected we were following him, and turned short round a corner - the prisoner popped into a public-house with the truss, and the other we lost in a moment; I went in and took the prisoner - I heard the truss fall on the floor of the public-house before I got in; I asked him where he got the truss - he said he found it; I went out to look for the other, but lost him - when I came back the prisoner said the gentleman put it on his back and wanted him to carry it, and told him to go into the public-house and have some beer; he said he was to carry it with the gentleman - he did not say where.
Prisoner. I put it on the table, and told you I was ordered to carry it by a gentleman, who was just gone down the street. Witness. I swear it was on the taproom floor.


                  STEPHEN 
                  POWELL
               



            . I took him into custody; he said he was employed to carry it by a gentleman - I opened it; it contained woollen cloths, and it had an invoice in it.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to St. Luke's workhouse at a quarter to eleven o'clock, to take my wife some tea and sugar, and as I came round Jewin-crescent, to inquire at Mr. Warner's for work, a gentleman said, "Will you carry this parcel for me?" I wished to earn a shilling, and said Yes - he said, "Take it up that gateway for a few minutes, till I come to you;" which I did - he then came, and said "Bring it along;" and in Monkwell-streethe said, "Go and get a pint of beer and I will follow you;" in two minutes the Policeman came and took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
