





1155. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ILLINGWORTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April
, 1 necklace, value 12s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cox
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Cox
                        



.


                  EDMUND 
                  JULIUS SUTTON
               



            . I am a shopman to a pawnbroker in Kingsland. On Saturday, the 24th of April, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner brought me a coral necklace to pledge - I had received information, and gave him into custody.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Then you did not ask him if he had them from any other person? A. No.


                  HARRIET 
                  COX
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Cox
               



            . My little child
, named Ann, is one year and eleven months old; I sent her out with my other little girl, who is ten years old - she had a coral necklace fastened on her neck; she returned in about ten minutes and the necklace was gone; this is it - I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and have the necklace.


                  MARY 
                  ANN NELSON
               



            . I am going on for eight years old; people who do not speak the truth go into fire. I saw Elizabeth Mather with the child in her arms - it had a red necklace on like this; the prisoner took it off, and ran down Great James-street


 as fast as he could - he had a cap on like this, I think, but I did not notice that.
Cross-examined. Q. Is 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Mather
               



             here? A. Yes; I did tell the Magistrate that I knew the prisoner, because he had a blue coat and striped trousers on; I am sure he had them on - I did not take notice whether he had a hat or a cap - I thought he had a cap on like this.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MATHER
               



            . I am ten years old - I lodge at the prosecutor's. I took the child out for a walk; it had a necklace on - I cannot tell how it got off; I did not miss it till a little girl told Mrs. Cox.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not see the prisoner near you? A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. A young man asked me to take them into the shop, and said he would give me 6d.
JURY to 
               
                  JAMES 
                  JAMES
               



            . Q. How was the prisoner dressed? A. He had this cap on, and an apron.
COURT. Q. Did you tell him what he was charged with? A. Yes, and he said he was innocent - that a boy gave him 6d. to pledge it; and as I was taking him to the station-house, he said a man offered him 1s.; he was dressed as he is now, but had a red handkerchief round his neck, and to the best of my knowledge a different waistcoat; he had no money.


                  MARY 
                  ANN
               



             NELSON re-examined. I saw the prisoner take the necklace from the child's neck; he ran down Great James-street - I think he had the clothes on he has now; I knew him by his face when I saw him again.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Were there any other little boys? A. No; I did say he had a blue coat and striped trousers on - he has not them on now; I stood and looked at him, and then went and told Mrs. Cox.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
