




142. 




EMMA JOHNSON
 and 




ELIZA HUTCHINSON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
25th of November, 1 jacket, value 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 3s.; 2 shillings, and 2 sixpences; the goods and monies of 



Isaac Griffiths.






ISAAC GRIFFITHS
. I belong to the brig Sharp, which laid in the London Docks. I went home with the prisoner, Johnson, last Monday night, to Sun-court, St. George's-in-the-East—I put my trowsers under my head, and my jacket and waistcoat on the chair—I had 3s. in silver, and a few halfpence—in the morning Hutchinson came and knocked at the door—Johnson opened the door—Hutchinson began to curse and swear how she was to get her rent to pay that morning—she sat down on the chair where my jacket and waistcoat were—Johnson then tried to cover my head with

the bed-clothes—I turned my head on one side, and saw Hutchinson run down stairs with my jacket and waistcoat—I tried to go out after her, but could not get out of the room—Johnson was in bed with me at the time—I put my trowsers on, and she said she would bring my jacket back directly—I took her bonnet and a tea-tray down, and thought that would bring my things back again, but it did not, and I went for a policeman—I missed my waistcoat and 3s.—I never gave them leave to take them.

Johnson. I asked you what money you had got—you said, "I have got none, but I will leave my jacket and waistcoat till the morning till I go on board." Witness. I did not.

Johnson. He put them in the chair, and in the morning I went down and asked Hutchinson to pledge them, that I might give him the duplicate before he left—I returned up stairs—she came up and took them, and then he said, "I will pay her to-morrow." Witness. That is not true—she did not say I was a stranger, and she could not trust me—I did not get up and put on my clothes till I saw Hutchinson run down with my jacket and waistcoat—my trowers were under my head, but my money was in my waistcoat pocket—I told her I had no money, but I had—I told her I had only sixpence and twopence, not wishing her to know how much money I had—she said, "Never mind the money, pay me another time"—she asked me to give her a quartern of gin—I said, "Well, give me a night's lodging, and I will give you a quartern of gin."





WILLIAM JAMES CRIPPS
. I am assistant to my father, a pawnbroker, in King's-place, Commercial-road. I have a jacket and waistcoat, pawned on Tuesday last, for 8s.—I cannot say who by—they were thrown on the counter—I cannot say by which of them—the name of E. Johnson was given—two females brought them.





JOHN MITCHELL
 (police-constable K 161.) I went to No. 7, Sun-court, with Griffiths, and found a duplicate of the jacket and waistcoat produced—I found Johnson against the watch-house, in the afternoon—I had been looking for them all the morning—I found Hutchinson at the watch-house afterwards—she came to see after Johnson—she said, "Yes, I am the one you want—do you think I would let a brat of a boy like that sleep with me and pay nothing?"





ISAAC GRIFFITHS

re-examined. On my oath I did not give permission to either of them to take my jacket and waistcoat—they did not ask my leave—I had no conversation with them about pawning—Johnson said I could pay her another time—I did not agree to leave my things with her—she did not ask me to do so, nor did I propose it—I was sober—I had been to the play that night, and could not get on board my vessel so late—I said I would pay her another time.

Hutchinson's Defence. I was in Johnson's company—the prosecutor met her, and asked her if he might go home with her—I left them about one o'clock—I got a light from their room, went down stairs to my own room, and went to bed—next morning she came and asked me to come up stairs, and pawn the jacket and waistcoat, as he had left it with her, for being with her all night—I knocked at the door—she opened it, and he was lying in bed, wide awake—he saw me take down the things—I heard a few words pass between them—what it was I don't know—she got up, and went to the pawnbroker's with me.





ISAAC GRIFFITHS
. I saw her take my jacket and waistcoat—I ran down stairs after her, but could not catch her.





JOHN MITCHELL

re-examined. I found the duplicate on the table at their

lodging—I found another woman in the room—the duplicate was in the lower part of the house, not in the prisoner's room which he had been in—that door was locked.

JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

HUTCHINSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.




Transported for Seven Years.
