



1232. 




WILLIAM WOOD
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
7th of April, 1 bag, value 1s.; 7lbs. weight of raisins, value 2s.; 1 loaf of bread, value 3d., 11/2 lb. weight of bacon, value 1s.; 11/2lb. weight of mustard, value 1s.; 11/2 lb. weight of allspice, value 4d.; 11/2lb. weight of currants, value 1s.; 1 oz. weight of nutmegs, value 1s.; 1 oz. weight of pepper, value 3d.; and 4 tin boxes, value 6d.; the goods of 



William Parrett.






WILLIAM PARRETT
. I live in Mint-street, Southwark. On the 7th of April I was at Mr. Russell's, No. 3, Cow-cross-street. I had a blue bag with grocery in it—I placed it on a cask in the shop at the door—when I had been in a short time and was coming out I missed my bag—it contained the articles stated in the indictment—the cask was inside the shop, not near the door—I got information from a boy, and went down Cowcross-street, and the prisoner was taken in a public-house, about a stone's throw off—the value of the contents of the bag was 8s.—I have not seen it since.





FREDERICK PETER EDINBURGH
. I live with my father in Peter and Key-court, Peter-lane, Cow-cross. On Friday, the 7th. of April, I saw the prisoner go into Mr. Russell's shop, with along coat down, on to his knees, and no bag—he came out with a blue bag in his hand, and the string in his mouth—he ran into Three Horse-Shoe-court, went into a house, and came down again with another coat on, and had left the bag—he returned in about five minutes—I did not speak to him—he came down and caught hold of a boy by the nose, and turned him round—we were all standing together, about four yards from Mr. Russell's shop—he then went down Cow-cross, and then I saw Mr. Parrett look at the door—I said, "Have you lost anything?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "There is the boy"—the prisoner ran through Sharp's-alley, into a public-house in West-street—I am sure he is the person.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were you alone when you saw the prisoner go in? A. No; there were three or four more lads, with me, standing at Mr. Russell's shop—I had just left work—I work for my father, who is a shoemaker—I had occasionally lived with Mr. Russell—I knew the prisoner by sight—I did not know where he lived—Thomas and Edward Hives were with me, with Mr. Russell's lad, who had just come out—Edward Hives was the boy the prisoner took by the nose—it was about half-past ten o'clock at night—the shop was not shut—when the prisoner came back, he kept looking at Mr. Russell's shop—I said so before the Magistrate—he went down Cow-cross—I signed my name before the Magistrate—I think I said the man looked at the shop—I am not sure of it, but he kept looking at the shop—the man that came out with the bag held his head down—it seemed very weighty—he ran as fast as he could, and I was talking with these boys.





ROBERT GLETSON
. I am fourteen years old—I live with my parents, at No. 4, Peter and Key-court I was at Mr. Russell's when the prisoner came in for an ounce of tea—he had no bag when he came in—I came out, and saw him come out with a blue bag—he went to Three Horse-shoe-court

—he came back again—he had no bag with him then, and he had another coat on—I afterwards saw him in West-street in custody.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen the bag in Mr. Russell's shop? A. Yes—I saw Mr. Parrett put it there—I did not stop the man who came out with the bag—when I saw Mr. Parrett looking I told him—I was not sure it was his bag till I saw him looking for it—the man had no bag when he went in—I had shut the shutters up, but had not shut the door—Mr. Russell and his wife were serving in the shop—neither of them ate here.





GEORGEK NOTT
 ( police-constable G 99.) On the 7th of April I was on duty in Cow-cross-street—I heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I went to the Crown public-house—which is nearly a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's—I found the prisoner there, on the second-floor staircase—I had seen him running, and lost sight of him at the corner, and then found him in the house—he was coming down quite softly from the second-floor staircase, in the dark, as if he belonged to the house.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know where the prisoner lived? A. I do not—when he was brought to Hatton-garden, he told me; but previous to that he said he lived in Ray-street—I found his house, and searched it—among other things was the duplicate of a coat. of the description of the one he had on when he stole the bag—it was one of the rough coats that come down to the knees—I do not mean to say that the man I saw coming down the stairs was the man I had seen running along.





ROBERT GLETSON

re-examined. The shutters were up, but Mr. Williams, the publican's, is opposite our house, where there is a strong light—we cannot see persons very well by that light—the prisoner passed about three yards from me, but I saw him in the shop buying some tea—my mistress was serving him—there was nobody in the shop but the prisoner and Mr. Parrett, my master and mistress—no one but the prisoner and Parrett left the shop—after I came out the bag was brought out.

MR. PAYNE. Q. What were you doing when the prisoner came in? A. I was screwing up the bolt.





GEORGE KNOTT

re-examined. I found this duplicate in his lodgings, and found a coat at the pawnbroker's of the description the boy gave.

Prisoner. When I was accused of the robbery, I went back to the shop, and said to Mr. Russell, "I am accused of robbing your shop"—the answer was, "No, we have not seen you." Witness. I took him back to the shop, and there I met the prosecutor, and the two witnesses—I asked Mr. Russell if the man had been in there—Mrs. Russell said, "I served him with the tea," and she had seen him before.





WILLIAM PAREETT

re-examined. I was in the shop when the prisoner was brought back—Mrs. Russell said she recollected seeing him in the shop, and served him with an ounce of tea—the bag was very heavy.
(James Hoare, of Compton-street, Clerkenwell, a carpenter; William Seward, of Hatfield-street, jeweller; and Thomas Young, cabinet-maker, of Ray-street; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.
