





83. 




GEORGE LINCOLN,



 JAMES SMITH
, and 




ROBERT WILLIAM LOCK
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
3rd of November, 13 axle-bearings, value 1l., the goods of the 

London and Birmingham Railway Company: I saw, value 2s. 6d. the goods of 



George Durham Pead: and 1 jacket, value 4s., the goods of 




William Beckley.






STEPHEN WALTER
. I am a policeman. I was on duty in the Albany-road, Regent's-park, at twenty minutes past seven o'clock in the evening of the 3rd of November—I met the three prisoners together—I stopped them-Lincoln had this large jacket on, and appeared very stout—I felt something heavy in the pockets—I asked him what he had got—he made no answer, but said, "Stop them, they have something as well as me"—I took Lincoln, and the other two ran away—I saw them in the act of throwing something behind them, and I heard it fall—I took Lincoln to the station-house, and sent my brother officer to the spot—he found some brass bearings and a tenant-saw—this is the property—(producing it)—I found this jacket and four pieces of brass on Lincoln.





WILLIAM BECKLEY
. I am a carpenter. This jacket is mine—I lost it from Chalk-farm-lane workshop—I believe the shop was locked up—I do not know whether it was broken into.





JAMES WATT
 (police-constable S 81.) I was informed of this, and went with a lantern—I found one of these brass bearings in the path, and in the field I found five more pieces, and this saw.





DANIEL DAWSON
 (police-constable S 177.) I found three of these pieces at half-past nine o'clock at night, in Albany-road.





WILLIAM ATKINSON
. I am foreman of the London and Birmingham

railway. I have no doubt that these axle-bearings belong to that Company, but we have no private mark on them—I have the care of them—I am not responsible for them if they are lost.





GEORGE DURHAM PEAD
. This saw is my property—it was taken from the workshop—I left it there on the Saturday evening, and it was gone on the Monday.

Smith's Defence. We met Lincoln by Chalk-farm-bridge, and he gave us these things that we had.

LINCOLN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

SMITH*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.

LOCK*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.





Transported for Seven Years to the Juvenile Prison.
