









1051. 




ELLEN M'CARTHY,


 ELIZABETH WATTON,


 SARAH EVANS,


 ANN JONES,


 MARY BATEMAN,


 JANE FREELAND
, and 



ISABELLA PAGE
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
24th of March, watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 1s.; 1 watch-key, value 2d.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 15s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.; 1 pair of braces, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; 2 half-crowns, 3 shillings 1 sixpence, pence, and 4 halfpence; the goods and monies of 



Thomas Thompson.






SAMUEL GREEN
 (police-constable H 61.) On the morning of the 24th March, before three o'clock, I was on duty in Wentworth-street, and saw Thomas Thompson—he had got a jacket and waistcoat on, and a pair of drawers, but no trowsers, shoes, or neck-handkerchief—he was standing in Wentworth-street, against a door-way—he complained of being robbed—went to the second floor of a house in Essex-street—when I got to the top of the landing, I saw the prisoner, M'Carthy, holding a pair of trowsers before her, coming out of the room—I said, "Halloo, what have you got there?"—she ran into the adjoining room, which was the back-room two pair and threw them underneath the bed—as soon as I had picked them out from underneath the bed, I said, "I have got the trowsers, where is the watch?"—she paid, "I know nothing about the watch, the watch is here"—while I was kneeling, I saw her go to a fife-place, and stoop I went and looked, and found two half-crowns, three shillings, one sixpence, and three penny pieces, and half the glass of a watch, among the dust, under the stove, where she was stooping—we then returned into the front-room two pair, from which she came with the trowsers—the sergeant was in that room—I said, "Look out, the watch is in this room, some-where"—the sergeant looked about, and found the watch in that room—we then took the other six prisoners, who were all in the room, to the station-house—after that, I went to No. 107, Wentworth-street, to the first-floor backroom, and found a pair of men's shoes, and On the table, a black silk neck-handkerchief, which prosecutor claimed.






JAMES WALTON
 (police-sergeant H 3.) I went with Green to the house in Essex-street—I went into the room where the watch was found, while Green went into the back-room—the other six women were there—I saw M'Carthy come out of the room—the watch laid upside down on a chair in that room, at the back part of the bed—Page was sitting on the bed, and the rest were standing close to the same spot—they were all taken to the station-house—I went to No. 107, Wentworth-street—I found there 3d. and a watch-key lying on the floor, and three bonnets—the distance between the two houses is, I suppose, from fifty to sixty yards—I took the bonnets to the station-house—one was claimed by M'Carthy, another by Bateman and the other by Freeland—they were without bonnets when I took then—the other prisoners had their bonnets on.

McCarthy. Q. Did you see me with the prosecutor? A. No, none of you.





THOMAS THOMPSON
. I live in Hermitage-street, St. George's-in-the—East, and am a lighterman. I had been drinking all that evening, till late hour—I recollect seeing two of these women at the last house I was in—I believe M'Carthy was one, and I think Bateman was the other—was very much in liquor, but I can just recollect they were in the last house I was in—they were standing before the bar, in the same public-house—I had about 12s. or 14s. in my pocket, at eleven o'clock, and watch—I had a pair of trowsers on—this is my watch—the cold awoke me—I was sitting on the step of a door, about three o'clock, as the policeman tells me—ray shoes and handkerchief were off—I had no halfpence in my pocket, that I know of—these shoes, trowsers, watch, and handkerchief, are all mine—I think I had four half-crowns—this is my watch-key—it was not on the ribbon—it was in my pocket.

M'Carthy. Q. Did you see me in the public-house? A. Yes—believe I gave you something to drink, I am not certain.

COURT. Q. Do you recollect any thing of Bateman? A. They were together—I cannot say any thing of the rest of them.

M'Carthy's Defence. I never saw Bateman till I went into the where she was—I never saw her from about nine o'clock at night till about three o'clock in the morning—I went to stir the fire, to give us a light and as I was going down stairs for some water, I picked up these trowsers at the bottom of the stairs, I put them on my arm, and threw then down—we had gone up, and left our bonnets in the room—when I bonnets were, we had had tea, with three girls, and when we were taken to the station-house, we told the officer to be so kind as to go and get them—I never saw the man.

Watton's Defence, I was going to bed—we had a room on the same landing as two of the other women—they knocked at the door and asked for a light, which I gave them, and then the officer came.

Evans's Defence. The watch was not on the chair when I went, home at twelve o'clock.

M'CARTHY—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven years.

WATTON and the others—


NOT GUILTY
.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
