



1955. 




JOHN EUSTACE
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Eustace, on the 
9th of August, at 
St. Matthew, Benthal-green, and stealing therein 1 ring, value 5s.; 1 breast-pin, value 2s. 6d.; 8 yards of calico, value 4s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 8s.; 1 coat, value 50s.; and 1 half-crown; the goods and monies of 



John Owen Meen.






JOHN OWEN MEEN
. I live in Pollard's-row, Bethnal-green-road, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, in the house of Thomas Eustace, the prisoner's father. The prisoner lodged in the same house—I occupied the first floor—on Tuesday, the 9th of August, I left my lodging, at about three o'clock in the afternoon—I locked my room door, and put the key behind a chest on the landing-place—I came home at about ten o'clock in the evening—I found the door shut, and the key safe—I went into the room, and missed my ring, a pin off a glass work-box on the table, and eight yards of calico—next morning I went to my chest for a pair of trowsers, and found they were gone—on the Friday morning I missed a great-coat from the chest—I did not look for it when I went to the chest on Wednesday.





JOHN UFSALL
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Commercial-road. I have a great-coat, which was pawned with me on the 9th of August by the prisoner, for 10s. here is the duplicate.





WILLIAM ROBINSON
. I am servant to Mr. Harris, a pawnbroker in the Minories—I have a pair of trowsers which were pawned on the 9th of August, for 2s., by a young man who I believe to be the prisoner.





HENRY FOWLER
. I am in the service of Mr. Watt, of Commercial-road. I have eight yards of calico, which were pawned on the 9th of

August, by the prisoner, for 2s. 3d., in the name of John Mills, No.29, plumber's-row.





WILLIAM HENRY ENGLISH
. I am a policeman. On Friday evening, the 9th, I was in Featherstone buildings, Holborn, and I saw the prisoner—I believe he observed me looking at him, and after I returned to look at him a second time, he came to me and said, "I suppose you are looking for me, as I hear the police are after me"—I said "Yes"—he was about taking these duplicates from his pocket, and I put out my hand and received them from him—I then asked him if he put out got any thing else, he said "No"—I asked him what they were for, he said he had stolen some things from his father's lodger, No.29, Pollard's-row, and pawned them—I look him to the station-house, and then to his father's—the duplicate I found are for a coat, a pair of trowsers, and eight yards of calico—I also found a ring in his pocket.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported For Life.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.
