



1441. 




CHARLES ACHILLE MENEAU
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
1st of January, 2760 pairs of gloves, value 300l.; 18 skins of leather, value 1l. 10s.; 1 opera glass, value 12s.; 4 socks, value 16l.; and If of sewing silk, value 3l. 12s.; the goods of 



Frederick Fousse and another, his masters.


Mr. Payne conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS ANGELL
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Fousse, of Aldermanbury. The prisoner was engaged at their house as a dresser of gloress—in consequence of something I heard on the Friday before the 10th of June, I sent for a policeman who came—(the prisoner resides within two doors of our factory at Battersea)—Mr. Fousse asked the prisoner for him key, and he gave up one key, which I believe was the key of the sitting room—the other key he rather objected to give up—I am not sufficiently acquainted with French to know what he said, but be appeared to object, till Mr. Fousse said he insisted upon it, and he then gave it up—he was taken into custody, and Mr. Fousse and the policeman went away with the two keys—this was about ten o'clock, and we had to appear before the Lord Mayor at twelve o'clock—they returned at that time, and brought with them forty-seven dozen of gloves which I have examined, and the I are the property of my employers—Mr. Fousse and the policeman went away again on the Saturday, but no more property was produced that day in my presence—it was on the Tuesday morning after—I have heard the prisoner speak of going to America.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON
Q. When did you hear him say any thing about it? A. Many times—I cannot say any particular day—I will say last month—he said as soon as he had saved 20l. of his wages he would go—I thought well of him—he could not have taken all the property at one time—it must have been taken at a variety of times—we have been robbed every day since he has been there—it is not possible the property in the mattress could be taken at once—we did not miss any portions of property from the warehouse—the principal part of these gloves are in an unfinished state, they require, what we call, dressing—it was in that employment the prisoner was engaged in Aldermanbury—there is pro perty of this description at Aldermanbury—I am able to swear that the whole of these came from there—I have known the prisoner about twelve months—Mr. Fousse engaged him, I believe, out of pure charity—he has told me so—he is a Frenchman, and so is the prisoner—I did not apprise him before he was taken, that I suspected he had I got gloves at his house—he

was never asked whether he had taken gloves from time to time to his house for the purpose of dressing them—I did not see any part of the property found at the prisoner's—the greater part of this property requires to undergo the process of dressing—they are cut at Battersea, sewn at Torrington, and then come to us in Aldermanbury, to be dressed for sale—there were two Englishmen employed as dressers, besides the prisoner—I am not able to identify any of this as property that has been missed—we could not miss any—we manufacture about four hundred dozen a week, and without we take stock, we could not miss any—we have taken stock si nee this, but have not missed these articles—it is impossible to tell what we lose—we cannot tell whether we have lost any.

MR. PAYNE
Q. Have you the least doubt that these are yours? A. Not the least; the leather goes through my hands.





EDWARD M'DOWELL
 (City'policeman.) I was sent for to Aldermanbury, and received the prisoner in charge—I got these two keys from him, and went with Mr. Fousse to No. 9, Steward's-buildings, Battersea, where the prisoner lodged—the keys he gave me opened the doors—we went into a little back sitting-room and there found some gloves—I locked the doors and fastened the windows down, and returned to Aldermanbury—I kept the keys in my possession—I went again on the Saturday evening, and in the bed-room found one hundred and forty dozen pairs of gloves io a straw mattress, under two more wool mattresses—I also found two skins, one pound of silk, seven dozen pairs of gloves, some books, and an opera glass—I brought them away.

Cross-examined. Q. When you went on the previous day, did you find property about in different parts of the room? A. Yes—I found forty-seven dozen in the back room all open—I went into the bed-room on the Friday, but did not find these things then.





FREDERICK FOUSSE
. I live in Aldermanbury, and am In partnership with my father. The prisoner was in our service—I was present with M'Dowell when this property was found on the Saturday—I know it to beours—the prisoner had no right to have them there.

Cross-examined. Q. How did you engage the prisoner? A. A year ago he was to put out our gloves, and put them in dozens—I am not a partner with Mr. Angell—he has an interest in the house, and has a percentage on the profits of the concern—if we lose property Mr. Angell would lose his share in the percentage—he has one per cent, on what he sells—the name of Fousse and Co. is over the door—Mr. Angell and myself make out the bills of parcels—anybody in the house gives receipts—it is the warehouse of my father and myself.

Q. Supposing this man had taken borne a lot of gloves to dress, and brought them back, you would not have charged him with any offence? A. That I do not know—I should have asked him what right he had to do so—he had no occasion to take them home—he had 30s. a week.

MR. CLARKSON to THOMAS ANGELL. Q. Did you have any conversation with the prisoner about an opera glass? A. I do not speak French and could not—my son speaks French, and be acted as interpreter between the prisoner and me—I transact the business of Mr. Fousse, and have one per cent, on the business—I do not pay them for any losses—I did not pay the prisoner his salary—it went through my hands—I pay the whole of the men every Saturday night with Mr. Fousse's money.




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.
