



10. 




ANNA MASSEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of November, 2 rings, value 2l.; 1 locket, value 6s.; 2 necklaces, value 6s.; 6 yards of lace, value 20s.; 1 gown skirt, value 10s.; 1 petticoat body, value 18d.; 4 3/4 yards of lawn, value 10s.; 1 yard of holland, value 2s.; 2 yards of nankeen, value 1s.; 1 petticoat, value 3s.; 20 skeins of silk, value 3s.; 3 yards of trimming, value 2s.; and 1 pair of scissors, value 6d.; the goods of 



Ann Jury, her mistress.







ANN JURY
. I am a widow, and live at No. 33, Bishopsgate-street Within. The prisoner was in my service—I carry on the business of a butcher—on the 2nd of November, I had occasion to make some alteration in some boxes I have up stairs—I went up into the prisoner's bed-room, and looked into a linen chest—I there found some things between two feather beds, which she slept on alone—they had been in a black leather trunk in the room next to her room—we call it the box-room—there was a gown skirt, petticoat, and some trifling articles—this induced me to ask her to let me see her box, in which I found some lawn, holland, nankeen, lace, and several other things—I missed some rings and lockets a day or two afterwards, and they were found concealed under some bricks in the cellar, in my presence—she had access to the cellar—the rings were taken from a glass drawer in my bed-room, and a key, which I saw found in her box, fitted that glass drawer—it was not the proper key, but it would open it.





WILLIAM WELHAM
. I am an officer of St. Luke's. I have two rings, which I found under the bricks in the cellar—the prosecutrix was present, and her two sons—here are some beads, a locket, two rings, and an opera glass.





CHARLES LEWIS
. I was in the service of Mrs. Jury at the time. I was sweeping the cellar, and saw two bundles, which I did not meddle with—I told Mrs. Luck of it—she is a woman who came to beg Mrs. Jury's pardon for the prisoner—I do not know what the bundles contained.





SAMUEL SHEPHERD
. I am a constable of Bishopsgate. I have three yards of thread lace, three lawn handkerchiefs, five pockets partly made, a quantity of sewing silk, a small quantity of lace, a pair of scissors, and a black necklace—I found the scissors in the prisoner's pocket, and the other things in her box; and in her room I found a small key, which unlocked the drawer the jewels were kept in.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. The sewing silk, lawn, and shells, are my own—the day she gave me into custody, she said her spoons were all right—and in about a week afterwards, she missed two spoons.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
