




1057. 




JAMES BRANNAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of April, 1 canvass bag, value 1s.; 28lbs. of figs, value 12s.; 20lbs. of plumbs, value 10s.; 1 box, value 6d.; 4lbs. of acidulated drops, value 5s.; and 1 other box, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



John William Burrows. 2nd COUNT, stating them to belong to 



William Henry Fielding.


MR. ADOLPHUS
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM HENRY FIELDING
. I am a porter in the employ of Thomas Burrows and Son, Houndsditch, but the concern belongs to John William Burrows. On the 3rd of April I took a bag of confectionary from their house—it contained the articles stated—I was to take it to the King's Arms, Holborn-bridge—as I went I saw the prisoner and another man—I had seen them before about town—the other was a carman—he had a town-cart and a load of cases—the prisoner said, "How do you do?" and asked where I was going—I said to Holborn-bridge—he said, "That is just right, we are going across Smithfield"—I then, at their request, put my load into their cart and walked behind—when we got to the Brown Bear, the prisoner said, "We are going to have a drop of beer, have you a mind to have a drop?"—I said "No, thank you"—they went into the public-house—I stood outside—they then came out and went on to Ropemaker-street, where they stopped, and again said, "We are going to have a drop of beer, will you have a drop?"—I consented and went in—the carman who was with the prisoner, said he should have half-a-pint of ale—the prisoner said he would have half-a-pint of beer—I said I would have the same—the prisoner drank out of the pot and then came out—I came out and saw him outside—he said, "I shall be in in a minute"—I went in and drank the beer, and when I came out the prisoner and the man were gone, and the cart and my bag—I never saw the bag again—I was going over London-bridge the next day, and saw the prisoner—I pounced upon him, and said, "I want you"—he said, "What do you want with me? I do not know you"—I said, "You knew me yesterday, and I know you now"—he resisted a little—I told him I would knock his head off—I took him a fewpaces till we met an officer and took him to the Mansion-home—when we got there, I said, "What an infernal brute you must be to rob a poor fellow like me, who you know would have to pay for the things and most likely lose his situation"—he said he should not have done it unless he was drunk; but he was as sober as I was—I said, "What have you done with the bag?"—he said, "If you will go along with me you shall have the bag, just as it was"—he said it had been opened, but nothing taken out—at that moment the officer came up and said, "I will have no compromise here"—I told the officer what he had said—he said I must have nothing to do with it—I had before said, I would not go any where without an officer—I have not found the bag.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you seen the carman since? A. Yes—I saw him the next day and several days since—I saw him last Thursday—I do not know his name—the prisoner had a baragan coat on and a short white apron—I cannot say whether he had a cap on.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you recite what the prisoner had said in the officer's hearing? A. Yes—the prisoner did not deny it.





JOHN SIMKINS
. I am in the employ of Mr. John William Burrows. I madu up the parcel—it contained the articles stated, and was worth 28s. or 30s.





THOMAS KELLY
. I am officer, and took the prisoner into custody.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
