



2157. 




CHARLES CANTRELL
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
12th of July, 1 shawl, value 30s., the goods of 



Samuel Groser.






ANN BEALL
. I work in the shop of Samuel Groser, a dyer and straw bonnet worker, George-terrace, Commercial-road. On the 12th of July I was sitting in the shop with Miss Groser—I heard something snatched from the window—Miss Groser saw a man run away—we pursued him as far as Sidney-square, about a quarter of a mile—I saw him stuff the shawl under his jacket, and he made his escape—I am sure it was the prisoner—I know his complexion was very fair—I had a full view of his face when he took the shawl, his hair was very light, and like a bunch at the side—I am positive he is the man—the Magistrate asked me if I was positive of him, and I said I was, but would not exactly say—he was dressed differently before the Magistrate to what he was when I saw him—I told the Magistrate I knew it was him—I am confident he is the young man.


Prisoner. When you came to Lambeth-street you said you could not swear to me, and afterwards said you could swear to me side face, and that the young man had on fustian trowsers and jacket. Witness. I said I saw your side face—I told the Magistrate I felt positive he was the man—he asked me if I had any fears about being mistaken—I said no, I felt I did not make a mistake.





HANNAH GROSER
. I am the daughter of Samuel Groser. I was in the shop on the 12th of July—I had put the shawl into the window about half an hour before the alarm—I saw the prisoner, by the side glass, run out of the shop, taking the shawl under his jacket—I ran after him, and saw him twice while I was pursuing him—I saw him before he got out-side the door—he came into the shop to take it—I was about three yards from him—I feel positive he is the man—I followed him to Sidney-square—I believe him to be the man.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not say at the office you could not swear to me, only by the description of the other woman? A. No—I said I could swear to my own knowledge of him.





JABEZ BARTLETT
. I was an officer at the time in question, but I have since resigned as there was a little misunderstanding—I believe I am going on again on Monday—on the 12th of July I had information that a shawl had been stolen from Groser's shop, and that it had been pawned at Mr. Garret's by two girls—I went and found it there, and apprehended the two girls, who were sent to prison for two months—the pawnbroker is not here, nor the shawl—it was given up to Mr. Groser who had it to be cleaned—he has sent it to the person he had it from—the prisoner lived with one of the girls—I have known him fifteen months, and know the girls.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been in the habit of going to the house. He said, at the police-office, I had lived with the girl two years, and my father has not been dead above nine months.





ANN BEALL

re-examined. I feel positive he is the man—I was not three yards from him when he ran down the steps—I had a good opportunity of seeing his side face—I never had the least doubt of him—I always felt quite positive.





HANNAH GROSER

re-examined. The Magistrate asked me if I thought the prisoner was the man—I said, I believed he was, but I would not swear to him—I now believe he is the person—Beall told the Magistrate she believed on her oath he was the man.





JABEZ BARTLETT
. re-examined. She told the Magistrate she was quite confident he was the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.

