



516. 




ROBERT ADAMS
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting William Champion, on the 
19th of January, at 
Hammersmith, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d.; and 1 seal, value 2l.; his property.






WILLIAM CHAMPION
. I live at North Brixton. I was at Hammersmith on the 19th of January—I recollect being near the post-office that morning, between eleven and twelve o'clock, putting a letter in—I heard the cry of, "Here is the procession of Mr. Hume"—there was no crowd near me, and I thought I would stop to see the procession, but in a minute or two there was a large rush of men at the head of the procession, which inclosed me—they came all round me—I felt some motion at my watch—I immediately put my hand down, and felt my watch was safe—I immediately felt another sensation of something going forward—I put my hand down that moment, and found it was drawn out of my pocket—I seized the man immediately, it was the prisoner—I seized hold of his left arm—I was to squeezed up—there was no struggle between us, till I caught hold of his arm, and called out, "He has got my watch"—he struggled very hard, and put his right hand out, clenched—I thought the watch was in it, but I cannot say it was—the carriages were coming by, and I found I should be under the wheels if I remained—I let him go—a witness ran after him, and he was brought back in custody—I am certain he is the same person as I had seized—I did not recover my watch.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. About how many persons do you suppose were round you? A. Perhaps fifty or sixty—I cannot say—I wanted to get off the moment I saw them, but was immediately surrounded—I had never seen the prisoner before, to my knowledge—when the watch was moved out of my pocket, I caught hold of his arm immediately—it was not more than a quarter or half a minute from the time I missed my watch till he got away from me.





WILLIAM THOMPSON
. I was at Hammersmith on the 19th, in the crowd close to the prosecutor—I heard him say, "I have lost my watch," and saw him immediately lay hold of the prisoner's left arm—I am certain he is the man—I laid hold of his right hand, which he held out, and tried to feel what he had got in it; but I could not, a carriage-pole hit me, and I was obliged to let go—but I swear he is the man—I did not see any

thing in his hand; but he was squeezing his hand close—he ran under the horse's head—I went after him, and certainly lost sight of him, as I was knocked on one side—I saw him again directly, and called, "Stop thief!"—he looked round, popped under the horse's head, and a man stopped him.

Cross-examined. Q The pole of a carriage knocked you down? A. Yes; that took my attention off—there were a great many persons close to the prosecutor—I was walking down with the procession—I did not see the prisoner taken—I never saw him before.





GEORGE SMITH
. I was at Hammersmith on the 19th—I saw the prosecutor take hold of the prisoner—the prisoner, and three more men before that, surrounded Mr. Champion—one of them had hold of his arm, and the prisoner knocked his hat over his eyes with his left hand, and drew his watch out with his right—Mr. Champion caught hold of him, and said, "You have got my watch"—the prisoner knocked his hat off into the road; and after that, one of his companions came up, got the watch out of the prisoner's hand, and ran away with it into the crowd—I saw him take it out of his hand—I had seen the prisoner take it out of Mr. Champion's pocket—he kept it down in front of him.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you one of the procession? A. Yes, I was going to hear Mr. Hume make a speech—I am a groom—I had nothing to do at the time—I was not in regular employ—I had left work about nine o'clock that morning—I was before the magistrate—there was not an enormous crowd—the place was rather clear—Mr. Hume was just coming down—the prosecutor was surrounded by four persons—there were not many people just at the time—not just by—I told the magistrate I saw the prisoner draw the watch out of the prosecutor's pocket—that was taken down in writing, and read over to me—I told him I saw another person take it from him—I believe it was taken down, but I am no scholar.





DAVID HENRY DOWNEY
. I was in the crowd at Hammersmith close to Mr. Champion—it appeared there was a crowd round him—the prisoner came up to him, knocked his hat over his eyes, then unbuttoned his coat, and took something out—I could not see what—he put his hand down by his side—another man came up and took something out of the prisoner's hand, and ran away—the crowd was so round Mr. Champion, I could not see what was in his hand.

Cross-examined. Q. About how many people were round him? A. I cannot say—I should think about two or three dozen.





TIMOTHY WINKUP
. I am a policeman. The prisoner was given into my custody by Mr. Maycock, of Hammersmith, on this charge—I found no watch on him—Mr. Champion, I believe, had given him in charge before that—I did not see him and Mr. Champion together—two men had him.

Prisoner's Defence. I know no more about the concern than a child unborn—I never saw the watch.




GUILTY of stealing from the person only. Aged 34.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.
