





57. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DENNY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, 13 caps, value 1l.; and 1 box, value 1s. 6d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard John Cox 
                           White
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Dixon
                        



.
2ND. COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Arthur 
                     Fry
                  



               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a hatter, and cap maker
, and live at No. 15, Farringdon-street - on the morning of the 24th of October, I sent my servant
 with a box of thirteen caps to be delivered to Mr. Fry, of Type-street.
THOMAS DIXON. I am in the employ of Mr. White. On the morning of the 24th of October, I had the caps in a box - I went down Beech-street


; I was taking it to Mr. Arthur Fry, in Type-street - I saw the prisoner, he said, "You are going to Mr. Fry's, ay'nt you?" I said"Yes;" he said, "I have just sent the young man for an order to Farringdon-street. and I am to take the caps, and you are to go and fetch the other order" - I gave him the box and he went about two yards - he then looked back, and saw a policeman, and he threw the box into my arms and ran away as fast as he could - he said, he had come from Fry's.


                  ROBERT 
                  SPENCE
               



            . I am a City policeman, No. 48. I saw the prisoner near the last witness - I saw Dixon give the box into the prisoner's hand, in Beech-street; I ran over - and on seeing me, he threw the box into the boy's hand, and ran off; I followed him, calling, "Stop thief;" he was stopped in my presence; the box contained thirteen caps.(Box produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY of Stealing, but not form the Person
            . Aged 20- 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
