



906. 




WILLIAM FREEMONT, alias
 Freeman,

 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
12th of February, 5 handkerchiefs, value 1l. 3s., the goods of 



John Evans; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ANN EVAVS
. I am the wife of John Evans, a haberdasher, in Crown-street, Finsbury. On the 12th of February, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I was standing in the shop, near the door, and saw the prisoner come into the shop, reach his arm as far as he could, and pull down some handkerchiefs which were fixed against the door—be broke two strings and the bell-wire, to which they were fastened, for the purpose of detecting any one, as we had lost several things in the tame way—my husband was writing at the counter, and my son, George Marshall, was in the shop also; but I being on the outside of the counter, ran to the door first, and saw the prisoner drop the handkerchiefs inside the shop—he did not take them out—my ton went in pursuit of him, and brought him back in a very few minutes—he is the person.

Prisoner. I merely took hold of the handkerchiefs to look at them and they fell down—the wire did not break—I did not drop them at all Witness. He pulled them down, the wire was broken, and he dropped them on the alarm being given—there was another person with him at the time, who stood next door to my house.





GEORGE MAESHALL
. I am the prosecutrix's son. I was in the shop, and saw the prisoner pull the handkerchiefs down, and run away—I pursued him about forty or fifty yards, then took him into custody, and brought him back—I am sure he is the person.





WILLIAM CORNISH
. I am a policeman. I was sent for, and took the prisoner into custody.

Prisoner's Defence. The handkerchiefs came down as I was looking at them—the bell rang, and I went away—the boy came out, cried "Stop thief," and a gentleman stopped roe—I went bade, and asked what I had done—they said I had attempted to steal the handkerchiefs—I said that was not my intention, I meant to buy one, and had the-money in my

pocket—next morning they charged me with stealing them, and the day before only with attempting to steal them.





GEORGE EVANS
. I am a City policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction in August last, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I apprehended the prisoner, and am sure he is the same person—he pleaded guilty, and had three months' imprisonment.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.

