





456. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     FULLER, alias 
Mary Matthews, alias 
Hunt





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously uttering a false and counterfeit half-crown to 
                     
                        James 
                        William Ferguson
                     



                  , she having been previously convicted of a like offence
            .
MR. ELLIS conducted the Prosecution.
CALEB 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am solicitor to the Mint- I produce the record of the conviction of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Fuller
               



            , at the Middlesex May Sessions, 1833, for uttering counterfeit coin - I examined it - it is correct (read).


                  JOHN 
                  FISHWICH SUMERSELL
               



            . I am turnkey of the House of Correction - I was present at the prisoner's trial, and she was three months in the House of Correction.


                  HENRY 
                  HARWAR
               



            . I am a law-stationer, and live in Furnival's-inn gateway


 - on the 11th of January the prisoner came into my shop, and asked for two quires of outside letter paper - it was between twelve and one o'clock - I gave her one sort of paper which she said was not right- I then gave her another sort, similar to what had been given to a woman who had been in just before, and given me a bad crown - the paper came to a shilling - the prisoner gave me a crown-piece - I said it was bad - she said she did not know it was bad - I sent for an officer - he found no coin on her - I gave the officer the crown I took from the prisoner, which I had had in my hand from the time the prisoner gave it me - she gave her name 
               
                  Mary 
                  Matthews
               



            .
Prisoner. I offered this gentleman a crown-piece - he called in the beadle, and gave the crown to him; the beadle went out with it, and was out some time with it - he had not marked it before he gave it to the beadle. Witness. I gave it to the beadle, but he did not take it out - he returned it to me - he did not leave the shop with the crown-piece - he left the shop before the officer came - I sent my apprentice for the officer - he had the crown in his possession about a minute and a half - he did not put it in his pocket.
JURY. Q. What was your object in sending for the beadle? A. I thought he would take her, but he recommended that I should send for the officer - I had marked the first crown-piece.


                  JAMES 
                  BREMEN
               



             (City police-constable, No. 26). I took the prisoner, and received these two crowns; one is marked, the other is not.
HENRY HARWAR. I had marked one of these, but I cannot see the mark now - I took one of these crowns of the prisoner.



                  JAMES 
                  WILLIAM FERGUSON
               



            . I am assistant to Mr. Patrick, an oilman, in Newgate-street


 - on the 31st of January
, about six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came into our shop, and asked for a ball of cotton, which came to 6d. - she gave me a half-crown, which I saw was bad - I took it into the counting-house, and showed it to the clerk - he looked at it, and gave it me again - I took it into the shop, and gave it to the prisoner - Mr. Freemantle, the clerk, followed me; and he asked the prisoner to let him look at it again, which she did - I had not lost sight of it from the time I gave it back to the prisoner till she returned it to the clerk - she was then taken, and the half-crown given to the officer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY FREEMANTLE
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Patrick - Ferguson brought the half-crown into the counting-house to me - I looked at it, and returned it to him, and I saw him return it to the prisoner - it occurred to my mind that the prisoner was aware of its being bad, and I asked her to return it to me, which she did - I asked her her name - she said, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hunt
               



            , and she had taken it for work which she had done for Mr. Biddle, of Bishopsgate-street, and she stated herself to be a shoe-binder - I told her I was certain she knew it was a bad one, and I should not return it to her - she said she hoped I would; that I might mark it, or cut it, or do anything, but she hoped I would return it to her - I beckoned in the officer, and gave it to him.


                  GEORGE 
                  ARDEN
               



             (City police-constable, No. 36). I took the prisoner, and received this half-crown, which I marked, and kept by itself - I had no more counterfeit money - I found a few halfpence on the prisoner at the Compter.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am inspector of counterfeit coin - these two crowns and this half-crown are counterfeit.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
