



2073. 




MARY JONES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of September, in the dwelling-house of 



William Soffe, 1 tea-pot, value 15l.; 1 sugar-basin, value 7l.; and 1 milk-ewer, value 3l.; the goods of 



William Soffe, her master.






WILLIAM SOFFE
. I live in Southampton-street, in the parish of St. Martin-in-the-fields. the prisoner was in any service—on the 11th of September, about three o'clock, I saw my silver tea-pot and basin and ewer safe, in a chest of drawers in my bed-room—I left town that evening, returned on the 15th—when I came home the prisoner was there, and remained about three hours—she then went on an errand, which need not have taken her three minutes, and she did not return for an hour and a half—I felt exceedingly angry, and she then went away—I did not miss this property till last Tuersday evening—this is it—It is worth about 25l.

Prisoner. My master sent word if I would tell where the property was, he would not prosecute me. Witness. I certainly did not—her husband is man I have known for fourteen or fifteen or fifteen years, and I have been a friend to him—when I discovered my loss, I went to Bow-street, and the officer came—we had her husband in, and questioned him—he said his wife was gone out of town, or to service, he did not know which—he was taken to Bow-street, and locked up for a short time, but I believe he had no knowledge of the robbery—I then told him that his character depended upon his exerting himself to find where the property was, and he returned in about two hours, and told me where it was pledged.





JOHN SELL
. I am shopman to a pawnbroker in Frith-street, Covent-garden. On the 14th of September, the prisoner came and brought five or six duplicates of things which she wanted to redeem—the articles amounted to 4l. 14s. 8d., and she gave me this tea-pot, sugar-basin. and ewer—she said she brought them from Mrs. Lee, of Norfolk-street, and she only wanted 5l. on them, which would cover the advance on the things that were pledged—she came the next day, and had 30s. more on them—we knew that she had lived with Mrs. Lee, who had pledged with us, and her former mistress had brought her to our shop, and said she would send her with things.

JURY. Q. Had she ever pawned things of this value before? A. Yes.

Prisoner's Defence. I did it with a view of getting them out again—I was in distress.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Life.
