



817. 




JOHN SMITH
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
3rd of February, 1 half-sovereign, 1 half-crown, 4 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 1 purse, value 1d.; the goods and monies of 



Mary Ann Roberts, from her person.






MARY ANN ROBEETS
. I live in Norfolk-place, Waterloo-road. I was in Brydges-street, Strand, on the 3rd of February, about five o'clock in the morning—I had been out all night, and had taken a little drink, but I was quite sober, and had all my senses about me—I met a female whom I knew—she asked me if I had any money—I said I had—she said she had had nothing to eat all day—I took her into Mr. Thompson's, and gave her some bread and cheese and some gin—she then asked me to g ive her 1s., which I did not do—I came out—I have every reason to believe the prisoner followed me out of the house, but I did not see him there—he came up to me in Brydges-street, and put his hand on my shoulder—I requested him to take it off—he then put his hand in my bosom, and took out my purse—(I had changed a sovereign and taken the change, after giving the woman what I have spoken of)—I called out "Stop thief," and the officer took him—he said, "You may search me, I have got nothing"—the officer said "No, you have thrown it away"—another officer took it up—this is my purse, and the money in it.

Prisoner. I had been with her an hour and a half before then, walking arm in arm up Brydges-street. Witness. He was not with me at all.





WILLIAM CHAD WICK
 (police-constable F 71.) I was on duty, and heard the alarm—I saw the prisoner run away, pursued by this witness—I ran after him—he took something out of his pocket, and threw it down—I then took him, and he said, "I have nothing about me, search me"—I said, "It is no use searching you, you have thrown it away"—I held him till another officer came up with a lantern—he looked, and found this purse directly, with the money in it.
(Joseph Stone, a bootmaker, Horseshoe-court, Clement's-lane, and Hugh Smith, a tailor, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutrix.




Transported for Ten Years.
