



53. 




CHARLES BLAKE SKERRETT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of October, at Saint George, Hanover-square, I tin-box, value 2s.; 1 watch, value 10s.; 1 watch-chain, value 12l.; 1 scal, value 4l.; 2 watchkey's value 10s.; 3 rings, value 22l.; 1 pair of bracelets, value 4l.; 2 slides, value 1l.; 2 combs, value 7l.; 1 Pair of ear-rings, value 2l.; 2 brooches; value 4l.; 9 yards of lace 18s.; the goods of 



Charles Pratt: 1 coat, value 2l.; and 1 waistcoat, value 30s.; the goods of 




Leeds Paine, in his dwelling-house.






CAPTAIN CHARLES PRATT
. I live at Totton, a village near Southampton. In October last, I was staying at the Bath-hotel, Piccadilly, which is kept by Mr. Paine—I left my bed-room about five or a quarter-past five o'clock in the afternoon of the 19th, to go to dinner—I had a tin-case in my bed-room, in which I locked up a few trinkets—I had had it open that afternoon, and the things belonging to it, I believe were all there when I left—I had seen them about half an hour before I left the bed-room—I had a padlock on it—there were a gold watch-chain and seal, and tow keys attached to it, and a hook, two combs set with topaz, a pocket-book, and three bottles of scent, and several trinkets, rings, and other things—I did not lock my room door—I returned to my room about twelve o'clock—I dined on the first floor—my wife was with me, and for it—I locked my door at night while I was in bed, therefore it must have been taken in the evening—I have seen the box since in the possession of Ballard, and some of the articles—some of them bad been pawned—I suppose them worth from eighty to a hundred guineas, at a low rate.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure the house is not in the parish of Saint James? A. My rates and taxes are made out in the name of Saint George, Hanover-square—I have lived there years next February—I occupy the house entirely myself.





JAMES WHITEWAY
. I am a waiter to Mr. Paine—the prisoner came into the hotel on the afternoon of the 19th of October, about a quarter-past four o'clock into the coffee-room—he came in a great hurry, and wanted a bed for a night—I took his coat and his writing-desk, which he brought on his arm.

and gave them to the porter to take up to his room, went up with the porter to his room, No. 9—he came down shortly after, and ordered dinner in a great hurry—the dinner was got ready for him, and he dined—after dinner he ordered his bill, and went up stairs to his bed-room, which was directly opposite Captain Pratt's—he came down in about five or ten minutes, and asked for his bill again—I had it ready for him—I asked him why he asked for his bill as was going to sleep there that night—he said some unexpected business had occurred, and he was compelled to go to Birmingham that night by the mail—he paid his bill, and went up stairs immediately—I saw no more of him till saw him, at Bow-street—I did not see him go out—he did not sleep there.

Cross-examined. Q. Had he brought a carpet-bag with him? A. No; a desk—I saw him came, and took his coat, and desk from him—I suppose he took them away with him—I thought it strange that he should go away so soon—he appeared as he does now, only more lively—he was very busy writing when I brought his dinner in, and did not attend to his dinner till he had finished his letter.

COURT. Q. Did you go into the room, No. 9, that night? A. Yes; I went up there before he dined, but not afterwards—I am sure he is the man.





GEORGE MATTHEWS
. I am under-waiter at the hotel. I saw the prisoner at the house that day—I did not wait on him, but I remember his face—I am positive he is the man—I saw him go out at about half-past five o'clock, or towards six o'clock—he went out at the private door of the hotel, in Arlington-streethe had a cloak, or some thing thrown over his arm, but I was a great distance from him—the gas was lighted—I cannot tell what he had with him exactly.





WILLIAM BALLARD
. I am a constable of Bow-street office, On the 30th of October, I received information from Mrs. Abrahams, who I believe is the prisoner's wife's mother; and in consequence of a conversation, I went in company with Fletcher, another officer, to No. 18, Leicester-square—I asked for a person of the name of Jones there—I was taken to the prisoner in a room at the top of the house—he was partly dressed—It was about twelve o'clock—the landlady showed me up stairs—she knocked at the door, and said, "Mr. Jones, here are two gentleman want you."—I walked into the room, and said, "What do you mean to say your name is, Sir?" he said. "Skerret, "—I said we had come to speak to him respecting the robbery at the Bath Hotel, Piceadilly, and said, "Do you know any thing about it?"—he said, "No"—I said, "Do you mean to say you did not go there, and engage a bed without taking it?"—he said, he had not been there—I first searched the pocket of his trowsers, and then began to search the room—I turned round to the prisoner, and said, "Where is the watch?"—he said, "My watch is in the drawer"—I pulled open the top drawer, and it was not there—I said, "which drawer do you mean?"—he said, "That one," pointing to the second one—I opened the second drawer, and found this watch, with the chain and key attached to it—I took it up, looked at it, and said, "Oh, this is the watch, here are the initials, "—he said, "No, that it mine"—It had "J.B.P." on it—I then went and looked at the maker's name in the Hue and Cry, and said, "This must be the watch for here is the maker's name, and all the same"—the prisoner said, "Will you awear to that?" I said, "No, I shall leave somebody else to do that"—he said once or twice over that we should find ourselves mistaken

in our search that morning—I had seen some keys lying on the table in the room—Fletcher asked for the keys to open a writing desk that was there—we casually looked round, and could not see them, and said to the prisoner "Where are the keys?"—he pulled them from is pocket—they were a similar bunch to what I had seen on the table—I said, "Halloo, you had not these keys in your pocket when I searched you—let me see if you have anything else, "—which I did, and found a purse, containing two sovereigns, and thirteen or fourteen shillings, and four duplicates—one duplicate was for a brooch pawned find them—I have lost or mislaid them—one was for a ring pawned at Walmsley's in the London-road—one for a pair a bracelets, at the same place, and the other for a pair of ear-rings and a brooch pledged also at the same place—I asked the prisoner where the combs were—he said he did not know, he had no combs—we searched all the drawers and places, and could not find them—I took a coat in my hand which was lying down, and searched all the pockets; and as I was throwing it down, I saw a small pocket inside, in the breast, and in that I found two combs.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you pay any attention to his conduct and demeanour? A. Certainly; I observed nothing about him except to satisfy me that there was a deal of deepness—I found there a white wig, and a pair of spectacles.





ABRAHAM FLETCHER
. I am an officer. I went with Ballard and examined the box—here are a pair of gold slides belonging to a gold chain, a gold ornament for the head, a gold seal, three gold clasps, a gold watchhook, tow bottles of scent, and some lace—they were all in this tin box, in the prisoner's apartment—I have had them ever since—here is a Totten, near Southampton, 7th January, 1835"





THOMAS WOODGATE
. I am assistant to Mr. Cameron, No. 318, Strand. I produce a brooch which the prisoner pawned on the 27th of October—I am positive he is the man—I never saw him before—I lent him 12s. on it—he gave the name of Charles Pamperton.





JACOB BRIDGE
. I am assistant to Mr. Walmsley, a pawnbroker, Nos. 41 and 42, London-road. I have a brilliant ring, pawned by the prisoner on the 28th of October—a pair of gold bracelets, enamelled ear-rings, and brooch on the 29th—he had pawned the ring previously on the 20th of October, and redeemed it on the 22nd, and re-pledged it on the 28th—I gave him 9l. 10s. for all the articles—he pawned them in the name of Cavendish—I have not the least doubt he is the man.





SAMUEL RUTTER
. I am shopman to Mr. Benjamin Massey, a silversmith, in Leadenhall-street. I know the prisoner—I am certain he is the man I am going to speak about—he came on the 22nd of October, about a quarter past four or five o'clock—It was very nearly dark, but I am quite positive he is the man, he came and offered a diamond ring for sale—I have the diamonds belonging to it—they were broken out of the setting about four days before it was bought—they were three diamonds, a large one and two small ones—I have him 7l. for it—I did not ask his namehe was dressed nearly the same as he is now—there is some little alteration in him—we did not suspect any thing.





CAPTAIN PRATT

re-examined. I know the watch—I had it made myself for Mrs. Pratt—this chain I brought form the Brazils—this is my tin case—this

brooch I know, and the bracelet perfectly well, and all the other articles—they worth a good more than 5l.




GUILTY
. Aged 19—


Transported for Life. There was another indictment against the prisoner.

Before Mr. Baron Alderson

