



1797. 




MARY ATTERWELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of July, 2 handkerchiefs, value 7s., the goods of 



Richard Hall and another.






JOSEPH BLOXSOME
. I am shopman to Richard Hall and Philip Freeman. On the 15th of July, about three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner soner came to our shop, and asked to look at some silk handkerchiefs—I showed her several patterns, some single, and some in pieces—she bought one for 3s. 4d—she had a shawl over her shoulders—while I was serving her, I saw her draw something off the counter, and conceal it under her shawl—I suspected it was a silk handkerchief—I saw the corner of it under the shawl soon after—after she decided on having a handkerchief, I told Mr. Wilson, the head shopman, of it; and he told me to go on serving her, and leave it to him—she paid for the one she bought, and left the counter—she did not go out of the shop—I saw her afterwards going towards the counting-house, away from the street—I did not see any thing taken from her.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You had your eye on her? A. Yes—I believe there was no one in the counting-house, but I can't say—I saw the corner of a silk handkerchief under the shawl—she had not then got the one she bought—we had handkerchiefs cheaper than the one she bought—I saw this about two minutes before she paid the 3s. 4d.





JAMES WILSON
. I am in the service of Hall and Freeman. Bloxsome gave me information—I saw the prisoner standing at the counter—after paying for what she purchased, on her attempting to leave the shop I told a young man to call her into the counting-house, and heard him do so—she came—I did not go in with her, but I kept my eye on her; and while she was going round the counter to the counting-house, just before she

entered the door, I saw her draw two silk handkerchiefs from under her shawl, and deposit them on the shelf—I said to Mr. Hall, in her hearing, "These handkerchiefs I saw her draw from under her shawl"—I immediately took them up, and sent for an officer—Mr. Hall took her into the counting-house, and examined the handkerchiefs—they appeared to have been opened to be shown, and taken from the counter without being folded up—they are my employers' property, and have a private mark on them.

Cross-examined. Q. How close were you to her when you saw her take them from under her shawl? A. The counter was between us, that is all—I was looking at her, suspecting her—she could not see me, because her back was turned towards me—the counting-house is at the end of the counter—I was in the middle of the shop, nearly opposite to her—the handkerchief she bought would not have a private mark on it, as we invariably take it off when we sell them.

COURT. Q. Was there any body near her at the time she put the handkerchiefs down? A. Near her, but before her—they could not see her—there was nobody near enough to have done it but her.




GUILTY
.* Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
