




460. 




JOHN GREEN
 and 



CAROLINE ALLEN
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Thomas Vallance, on the 
23rd of December, at 
West Ham, Essex, and stealing therein 1 watch, value 15l.; 1 watch-chain, value 5l.; 1 watch-key, value 6s.; and 1 seal, value 6s.; his property.






JAKES THOMAS VALLANCE
. I am a surgeon and apothecary, and live in the parish of West Ham, in Essex. I went out on Tuesday, the 23rd of December, about eleven o'clock, leaving a gold watch and chain, seal and key, and a mourning ring, on the table in the surgery, at the back of the shop—I returned home aboit a quarter to one o'clock, and was informed they had been stolen—the female prisoner was there in custody—I asked her who had given her the basket of lemons and oranges, which she had when taken—she stated that a man in black gave them to her to hold, and then ran away, and she had never seen the person before—while I was in converstion I was informed that the male prisoner was taken—I then went out, and saw him in the custody of the constable of West Ham—he was then taken to my house—I asked him what he had done with the property he had taken—he said, "What property?"—I then begged of him to state the truth, and tell me where he had placed what he had stolen—he was then searched, and 4s. found on him, but no portion of the property. I then went out of the room, and heard him in conversation with Mrs. Fenner, who was in the house when the property was stolen—she was endeavouring to persuade him to acknowledge where he had placed the property—I held him say, "If they would let me go I would tell where I put it"—on hearing which, I entered the room, and told him if he would tell me where he had peaced the property, I would do all I could that he might not be punished—he said he was afraid I would not keep my word, or he would show me—I then said, "Well then, you must take your course, I am no liar"—he then said if the handcuffs were taken off he would company me and one officer, and show us where he had Placed the property—I said, "Do so, and all that man can do for your discharge I will do"—he then accompanied us to the marshes, where he had been taken, and said he had plunged them, with his left hand, into the ditch, both the watch and the mourning ring—he was allowed to go into the ditch, and was searching about from one ditch to another for three hours, but we began to suppose he was merely losing time, and refused to remain any longer—he still swore he had placed it in the second ditch, and was then taken away in custody—I have not found any part of the property—the ditches have been searched.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Where wer you when you overheard part of the conversation between Mrs. Fenner and Green? A. In the passage—the door of the room was open—I could distinctly hear any thing that was passing—Mrs. Fenner was telling him the dangerous situation he had placed himself in, from what he had done, and he had tears in his eyes, and looked very pitrful when I entered the room—she said if he would show where the property was, it would be much better for him, and she knew I would keep my word with him—I should think that was repeated more than once, but I might not have overhead every word, as Mr. Champion was conversing with me at the door, part of the time—when they were going up to my house, previous to his seeing Mrs. Fenner, he said, "What watch? I know nothing about it.


Q. Did not he, then, in your hearing, more than once say, while she was endeavouring to persuade him to go and look for it, that he knew nothing of the property? A. He did not use those very words, but he might have said something meaning that—he had offered to Mrs. Fenner in my hearing, before any persuasion, that he would show where it was, if he was let go—when he was feeling in the second ditch, it appeared as if he knew the property was not there—he then hesitated, and said it was at the ditch where a man on horseback overtook him, where the horse would not leap the ditch—a farmer had been in pursuit of him—he tried the second ditch first—I believe he had to go over four ditches before he was taken in the river Lea; according to the information I received—he was about twenty minutes searching the first ditch—the second ditch he went to first—we sent for the person who had pursued him on horseback—we were a full hour searching that ditch, I should think—I have had the ditches searched since, and the water thrown out—nothing has been found—I thought he had done it to afford time for others who were connected with him, to escape with it, for I was informed there were three others concerned with him.





MARY ANN FENNER
. I lodge at Mr. Vallance's—I had charge of his house. On Tuesday, the 23rd of December, I was in the surgery—a gold watch, and gold chain, seals, and key, and a mourning-ring, laid on the table—I left the room about twenty-five minutes after twelve o'clock—I shut the surgery door, and went down into the kitchen, which is under the surgery—the outer door of the house was open—I was gone two minutes at the outside, when I thought I heard a footstep over my head, in the surgery—I directly came up and saw the prisoner Green leaving the front door, with a basket under his right arm, with oranges and lemons in it—I thought it appeared very strange, his leaving a house without either knocking or ringing—I went and looked into the shop, and then saw the surgery-door open, which I had shut when I went down—there is another door leading to the kitchen stairs, which was likewise shut—seeing the surgery-door open, I directly missed the watch and rings—I then followed as quick as possible, and saw Green give the basket to Allen, who turned her head and saw me coming—she said something to Green, what I cannot say, and then Green ran—I directly went up to Allen and asked where the man was who gave her the basket, and what he ran for—she said she did not know, she never saw the man before in her life—I cried, "Stop thief"—I took hold of Allen, brought her into the shop with me, and sent for an officer—she still declared she had never seen the man before, and that she had not broken her fast—it was then half-past twelve o'clock—I took the basket from her hand in the street, and placed it in the shop till the constable came—the constable wished me to search her—I did so, and found a half-crown, some halfpence, and the key of a door in her pocket—I then asked her how she could say she had no means to break her fast, when she had money in her pocket—she had said she had no means to break her fast—I asked her what brought her to West Ham—she told me, to look for shoe-binding, which she had inquired for at one shop, as she said—John Green was brought back about half-past one o'clock, to Mr. Val-lance's shop—he was then nearly up to his shoulders in mud, from the ditches he had been jumping in—I then asked him how he came to take the property—he appeared to be very confused, and said, "What property?"—I told him the watch and ring which he had taken from Mr. Vallance's surgery—he ihcn burst into tears, and said, "If I tell, Mr. Vallance will prosecute me"—I said, "You had better tell what you have done with

them"—he then said, "If these handcuffs are taken off, I will tell"—I then said, "Who will you show where you have put the property?—I held out no threat to him, nor tell him he should be liberated, for I could not tell him so—he then said he took the watch from his left hand pocket, and the mourning-ring, and plunged them into the water, in the second ditch, half-way up his arm, and that the ditch was very weedy and muddy.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far from the shop door was it that you saw Green band the basket to Allen? A. About six doors from our gate; my eye was scarcely off him—I should think it might be two minutes after he left the shop—he ran in consequence oi something she said, as I suppose—she turned round, looked me full in the face, said something to Green, and he ran directly—she took the basket, and tried to hide it under a child she had in her arms—she tried to put the child on the basket—I should not think that was the most convenient way of holding it—it is a flap basket—she had the child on her left arm, and put it under the child with her right, and nearly let it fall—I lost sight of the man in turning the comer by the workhouse—I pasted her, but did not follow the man, because I returned to the bouse—I looked into the basket, and then passed her; turned back directly, and took her back—she had no opportunity of going away—she could not get away from me with a child and a basket in her arms—I did not say," Come with me to our house"—I took hold of her left shoulder, and took the basket in my right hand—I told her to come home with me, and sent for an officer, who was at our house in less than five minutes—she told me she had not broken her fast—she said she had not broken her fast that blessed day, and had no means to do so—I told the magistrate those words.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Where were you when you came out of the room? A. I was under tfie surgery when I heard the noise—our passage is not very large—I saw the person's back—he walked away quietly—when I saw him give her the basket, he was about half a dozen yards off—I was then in the street—his back was still towards me—he ran away directly the woman spoke to him—that was about half-past twelve, as near as can be—it was nearly an hour between that time and when Green was brought to me, and his clothes were all over mud—he was taken into the shop—the conversation that I had with him took place in the shop—Mr. Vallance was in the passage adjoining the shop—I asked him once how he came to take the property—he said, "What property? what watch?"—I said, "You know you took it"—he then burst into tears, and said, "If I tell, Mr. Vallance will prosecute me"—I am sure I did not more than once ask him to tell—I am quite sure I did not ask him to go and search more than once—I did not threaten him—I should think he was kept in the house a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes before he was taken away to search for the watch—I have not said Green was not the man—I said he was the man when he was first brought—although he was disguised in mud, I knew him again—I had the person who left the house about two minutes in view—I was confused at the property being stolen—I did not feel confused further than to want the man stopped—I was not hurrying after him—I walked—when I saw the basket given, I noticed both the man and the woman, but I saw the man before I saw the woman—he was walking from the door.

COURT. Q. How near was he to the door when you first saw him?


A. Just turning out of it—I went back and looked, and missed it—I then went out, and saw him give the basket to the woman.





WILLIAM STEVENSON
. I live with Mr. Ducket, a baker, about six doors from Mr. Vallance's. On this Tuesday I saw both the prisoners in company together, and in conversation, before they came to Mr. Vallance's house—they were just by the railing, three or four yards from the house, walking along—I saw Green go into Mr. Vallance's house, and the young woman pass on—Green had a basket in his hand, and the young woman a child in her arms—she passed on about twenty yards, and stopped in the middle of the road—Green came out of Mr. Vallance's in a very hurried manner—the young woman then followed him—he passed her when hje came out—she was standing looking over the church wall—before she followed him, he turned round and gave her a kind of a beckon to follow him, and she did—he then gave her the basket, and ran away as fast as he could—Mrs. Fenner immediately came hurrying out at the door, and I heard the watch was lost—I immediately gave pursuit after him—a young man joined me in the pursuit soon after, and two or three more, as he went across the marshes—he ran about two miles across the marshes, and we took him in the river Lea—I asked him if he had got the watch—he said "No"—the mob collected round him and asked him several questions—I asked him no more till we got a mile on the road—I then asked him if the watch was in the mud where he was taken from—he said, "If you think it is, you had better go back and look"—the constable took him away.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you when you saw them together? A. Opposite Mr. Vallance's house, out on my business—I had just been taking some dough out, and was returning home—it was about six doors from Mr. Vallance's that I saw the basket given—it was opposite our shop—I saw them together about four yards before they got to Mr. Vallance's gate—that was the first of my noticing them—the man went into the shop directly after—when the man came out, he shook his head—I could understand he meant her to follow him—I am sure he beckoned to her—Mr. Vallance's shop door was open—there is a passage first, and then the shop door—he ran away directly he gave her the basket.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Mr. Vallance's door stands open? A. The first door does—I kept sight of the man almost all the way, except when he turned the corner—I only lost sight of him in turning one corner—he turned two corners—George Parkins, a butcher, joined me in the pursuit—I had him in sight half an hour before he was taken—his back was not towards me all the time.

COURT. Q. Was there more than one person running before you? A. No, we were all running in different directions, as we were on each side of him—only one person was running from us, and I kept him in sight, except when he turned the corner from the house; and when I got round that corner, there was nobody else in the lane.





JOHN ELSTON
. I am a constable. On this Tuesday I saw both the prisoners at Plaistow, about a mile from Mr. Vallance's—the woman was between four and five yards behind the man—they were walking in the same direction—I saw them for, perhaps, two minutes, not more—I did not see them speak together—they went on—the man had a basket—this was near twelve o'clock, perhaps a quarter or twenty minutes before twelve o'clock—they were going towards West Ham.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. They did not speak to one an

other? A. No, they were going together—they were following in the same track.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Are you sure they are the same persons? A. Yes, I took particular notice of them.





EMMA KITCHENER
. I live with my parents, at Plaistow. On the Tuesday of the robbery I saw the prisoners in Plaistow, walking together—I saw them speaking to one another, and walking on till they came to a gate, and then the man went into the gate—it was the gate of a field leading to a cottage—he told the woman to go on sharpish, and he would overtake her, and she did—she came to a stile, and then she asked me what it was o'clock—I told her almost twelve—she said, "Is it not gone twelve?"—I said, "No"—she said, "It is a fine day"—I said, "Yes," and she sat on the stile—I left her there—that was about a quarter of a mile from the gate.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you? A. Going with my brother's dinner—I did not see Elston—I saw them first together by the Black Lion, at Plaistow—they went on together about twenty yards—I know Elston—I have not had any conversation with him about this—I live in Balaam-street, Plaistow—my father is a plate printer—I was before them—I did not take so much notice of the man—I will swear he is the man—he had a pocked face and brown coat.





DANIEL GEE
. I live with my father, at West Ham—I know the nature of an oath. On the Tuesday, when Mr. Vallance's house was robbed, I was at Mr. Smart's corner, about twenty yards from Mr. Vallance's house—I saw the male prisoner run past the corner—he had a watch in his hand—the chain hung down out of his hand—it was a yellow metal watch—I could see it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. How long had you him in sight? A. I only saw him turn the corner—I was by the side of him, crossing the road—I saw him for three or four seconds.





CHARLES SMITH
. I am a constable. I took the prisoner Allen into custody—I asked her what Mrs. Fenner had brought her there for—she said some man had been stealing a watch, and she was brought there on suspicion of being with him—that the man ran to her, and gave her a basket, but she had never seen the man before in her life—she had a young child with her—I said, "It is not very likely, having a young child, that you would carry a man's baket, if you knew nothing of him"—she said, so help her God, she never saw him before in her life—I asked her where she came from—she said, from London; and as she was a poor unfortunate girl, her father and her had had a few words, and she came to look for some shoe-binding, and she had not broken her fast for two days—the man was afterward, brought to Mr. Vallance's house, and Mrs. Fenner identified him—they asked him what he had done with the property—he said if we would take off the handcuffs, so help him God, he would show us where the property was—that it was either in the first ditch or the second—I said it did not rest with me—Mr. Vallance said he would try all he could to ease him in the punishment—he said, in the first instance, that he was not the man—we accompanied him to the marshes, but did not find any thing.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. She told you she had not broken her fast for two days? A. She told me so—Mrs. Fenner was in the shop when I had the convenation with Allen.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Where were you when Green

said, if the handcuffs were taken off, he would go and show where the property was? A. In the shop—Mrs. Fenner was there—I stayed there the whole time she and he were in conversation—I never left the place—he said this without any suggestion from any body; and said he was in such a fright, he could not tell what ditch it was in, but it was in the first or second—Mrs. Fenner said if he would tell her, she would do all she could towards easing his punishment, or something to that effect.

Green's Defence. I know nothing at all about it—they are swearing quite false—Mrs. Fenner at first said she would give me half-a-sovereign if I told her where it was—they were at me nearly an hour and a half, in the shop, to tell—I said I knew nothing about it, but at last I said, "Take the handcuffs off, and if you will let me go, I will go and show you"—I was forced to do it, or they would not take the handcuffs off—they kept me out until nine o'clock, and kept giving me liquor in the public-house.

Allen's Defence. When the man was brought into the shop, they asked if that was him—I said I did not know, for all I knew him by was a black coat and handkerchief—a man came in, and said the doctor says, "Let the woman go, I do not see what she has to do with it"—Smith said, "Oh yes, we can get people to say any thing."
(Henry Tyler, coal-dealer, Kingsland-road; and James Harris, Nelson-street, Shoreditch, gave the prisoner Allen a good character.)

GREEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.

ALLEN—


NOT GUILTY
.
