





190.
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     FULL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of October
, 15 handkerchiefs, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Ensoll
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ENSOLL
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Ensoll
               



            , a hosier
, who lives in Middle-row, Holborn


. The prisoner came there on the 19th of October, and asked for some stockings - I showed him some, and while I was attending to him he took some handkerchiefs off the counter; I did not see him take them, as I had to get the stockings - I then saw them in his hat; before he came in I had put them near the end of the counter - I took hold of his coat, and called Stop thief! some person fetched an officer - he had not left the shop, and hardly moved from the counter - there were fifteen handkerchiefs found in his hat; he tried to get away - I did not see him put them into the hat.


                  FREDERICK 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am an officer. I was on duty and saw a crowd round the door - I saw the prisoner with one hand hold of his hat; the lady had hold of it likewise, and with her other hand she had hold of his collar - I took the hat and him to the watch-house, and found these handkerchiefs in it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence (written.) I had been making freely with my friend, and drinking rather too much, owing to his going into the country; not being used to drink, it took an effect on me, and returning home I went into a shop in Middle-row, Holborn, to purchase a pair of stockings - there was a quantity of handkerchiefs on the counter, and I took some of them up to look at them; I put them on the top of my hat, and they accidentally fell in - my hat was off, and laying on the counter; the prosecutrix, turning round with the stockings that I asked her for, and, seeing the handkerchiefs in my hat, accuses me of taking them with the intent to rob her - at which I was amazed, and gave her my hat with the handkerchiefs in it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
