






1263. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     DARBY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     EBBS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of June
, 13 yards of printed cotton, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hall
               




            .
THOMAS HALL. I am a linen-draper
, and live in Bishopsgate without


. On the 6th of June, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoners come into the shop in company, and from their manner and appearance, I was induced to take them from the young man who first served them; I showed them several pieces of goods - they asked for prints, and said they each wanted a gown; after showing them several, Ebbs made two or three attempts to draw a piece of print off the counter, without effect, and during that time Darby endeavoured to draw my attention to some goods at a little distance on the counter - at that time I saw Ebbs draw a piece of vprint off the counter; it fell on the floor, vbetween her and the counter - she then sat down on a chair, put her hand down, and drew it up under her clothes; she then said it was only an apron that they wanted, and they would come another day - they bought nothing; I went between them and the door and stopped them in the passage, close to the door - Ebbs let the print fall from her; it was thirteen yards of printed cotton in one piece.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RILEY
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for, and took them; I searched them both, and found no money on either of them to buy goods with, nothing but an empty purse.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Ebb's Defence. I went to buy two yards of print - I looked into my purse, and found I had left my money at home; when I came out the print dropped off the others by the door.
Darby's Defence. I went with her to buy the print; I had 2s., but had left it at home.
DARBY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
EBBS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
