





408. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BENNETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               receiving, on the 14th of January
, two chairs, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Hackett
                        




                     
                  , well knowing the same to have been stolen
            , and against the Statute.


                  MARY 
                  ANN HACKETT
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Hackett
               



             - he is mate of a ship
 - on the 14th of January, I heard the noise of footsteps in our house, in Weston-passage, Commercial-road - I went up to the first-floor room, and found one line of clothes had been taken - I missed five shifts, one shirt, one apron, and two chairs - they had all been safe a quarter of an hour before - the linen is quite lost, but I saw the chairs at Whitechapel watch-house - these are the chairs - the house had been entered at the window.


                  ANN 
                  GOSS
               



            . I live in Plumber's-row, Commercial-road


 - last Wednesday three weeks my sister, Caroline Hill, came to me and asked me to buy three chairs - I said I did not want them, but she said she had some lodgers come in who had no victuals - I went to her house, and bought these charis of the prisoner there for 8s. 6d., and she took them to my house - the officer came to my house, and I told him where I had got them.


                  CAROLINE 
                  HILL
               



            . The prisoner took my room on the 13th of January, the day before the robbery - she brought a man, named Pearson, as her husband - she said she had been unfortunate, but now he kept her from the streets - I let the room at 6s. a week - they remained that evening, and on the next evening Pearson went out and brought in Sullivan - they then went out again between seven and eight o'clock - Sullivan then came in with three chairs and a bundle of wet clothes - he called out "Bet, open the door!" the prisoner opened it, and took the things in and Sullivan went out again - the prisoner remained, and dried the linen - I then went out for a candle, and met Sullivan in the court with four more chairs - he knocked at the door, the prisoner opened it, and she said to me, "Look here, this is all we have remaining of our goods!" - I told her I did not think it was all right to bring in things when they had been there but one evening, and my room was furnished - the next morning she told me she had no money nor victuals, and I said I would lend her 1s., which I did by pawning a shawl for 2s. 6d. - I went to my sister, she came down and offered to give them 4s. for the chairs, then 4s. 6d., and then she said, "I will give you 5s.," and Bennett took them to her house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BULL
               



             (police-constable H 145). I was informed that the prisoner was concerned in a robbery, and I took her on the Monday evening - she said Sullivan gave the chairs to her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DICKENSON
               



            . I went to Goss' house, and found three chairs - I afterwards found four more, which are here.
Prisoner's Defence. I am an unfortunate girl - I picked up this man in the street - he asked me to live with him - he brought these chairs home, and asked if I knew any one who would buy them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - Transported 


               for Fourteen Years
            .
There were two other indictments against the prisoner.
