



1636. 




WILLIAM SIMMONS
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



William Dicker, on the 
15th of June, at 
Lambeth, and stealing therein, 1 watch-chain, value 1l.; and I scent-bottle, value 10s.; his goods.






JOSEPH PARKER
. I am servant to William Dicker, a pawnbroker, in Lambeth Marsh. About nine o'clock in the morning of the 15th of June a young man called me, and said something—I directly ran out, and found the window broken—this scent-bottle was outside the window, and this watch-chain lying down, which had been inside, attached to it, but both had been removed from their places—abroad knife was found upon, the prisoner.





THOMAS GRAVES
. I live with Mr. Dicker. On the 15th Of June, about nine o'clock in the morning, I was standing at the sale-shop door, hanging up things, and saw the prisoner walking up and down, with a looking-glass under his arm—in a few minutes I heard the chains falling in the window—I ran out, and saw him walking away—there was nobody near the wiadow bat him—I ran and secured him—I am rather deaf, and had not heard the glass break—I had seen it whole two hours before—I saw the bottle outside the window, and the chain hanging down inside.





EDWARD CROSBIE
. I am a policeman, I received the prisoner in custody—his hand was cut and bleeding, and there was a slight portion of glass outside—the glass was burst in, and there was blood on the window—I had seen him loitering about the shop three or four minutes before the alarm.

Prisoner's Defence. I was waiting for a female who was in the shop—the young man was hanging the clothes up outside—he looked very hard at me—I walked towards the Marsh-gate, and be came after me, calling, "Stop thief—I ran across the road, and fell down, and cut my fingers with the looking-glass.





EDWARD CKOSBIE
. re-examined. He threw the looking-glass down—the blood in the window was quite fresh—the looking-glass was broken.






JOSEPH PARKER
. re-examined. There was a woman in the shop pawning something—I saw another woman go up and speak to him, which made me suspect him.




GUILTY* of Stealing only. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
