






418. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROWLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SOLOMON 
                     REUBEN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Cooper
                        




                     
                  , on the 1st of January
, with intent to take from his person, and against his will, his goods and monies
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be with intent to rob him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am a labourer
, and live at No. 9, Duke-street, Commercial-road. On Saturday night, the 1st of January, I was returning home through Wentworth-street, Spitalfields


; I was a little in liquor - I was on the pavement, and saw four or five men in the road, they came up to me as I was passing - they surrounded me, and stopped me - Reuben held my left arm behind me - they closed round me, and felt round my pockets - my money was in my waistcoat pocket; they did not get that, as it happened, but they tore my trousers in both flaps in attempting to get my money; it was done roughly and with a degree of violence - it appeared to me done with a view to get my money; Rowley was taken on the spot, and had been one of those pressing against me - they were all entire strangers; the prisoners were both taken on the spot - I gave Reuben in charge for attempting to rob me, and I really believe they did so - it was their intention; I did not lose sight of Reuben till he got to the station-house - Rowley was taken before the parties had time to separate; he had hold of me when the officer came up - when he came up they let go and attempted to shove me off the pavement into the horse-road.
Cross-examined by MR. STURGEON. Q. Had Reul en hold of you? A. Yes, both of them; Rowley was the first taken off me by the officer, but Reuben took held of me first - he took hold of my left hand, and held it behind me while the others felt round my pockets, and attempted to get my money; I did not lose any thing - they put their hands to my flap; I had been to my master's, at Islington, that evening to receive my weekly pay- I had received 1l.0s. 6d.; I had been to a public-house, and spent 1s. 6d. - I had part of two pots of beer, and half a pint of gin; I was a little in liquor - I was perfectly sensible of what was going on; I am sure I did not jostle up against Reuben - it was about twelve o'clock at night; I had part of two pots of beer and half a pint of gin among four people - I had no more; it was not a crowded place - the street was clear; I saw only five or six people - I told the Magistrate the same story; I do not know that I made any alteration in my deposition - I will not swear about it; what I state is the truth - I believe there was an alteration in one word, about the hand being in or out of my pocket, but if their hands had not been in my pockets, the flaps of my trousers would not have been torn; I was not drunk when I went before the Magistrate - I thought I had been robbed, and said so before I got to the station, but when I got there I said I had not; I there found my money was correct - the Magistrate put a question to me which I do not recollect when I altered the deposition; he said he me,"Why not say whether the hand was in the pocket, or out of it;" I consider they were both in and out by tearing them in this manner - he asked me whether I had been biased by the prisoners, and if I had received any money of them for not appearing on the Monday; I did not appear till the Wednesday, when I was fetched by the Police-officer - I am a labouring man; I have never been in trouble.


                  DENNIS 
                  POWER
               



            . I am a Police-serjeant. On Saturday, the 1st of January, at twelve o'clock at night, I was on duty in Went worth-street - George-street turns out of it; in turning from there into Wentworth-street, I saw the prosecutor and some persons round him - I ran up, and saw both the prisoners; Rowley was on his right side, and Reuben on his left - Rowley had his left hand behind the prosecutor - Reuben had his right hand behind the prosecutor, and was holding his hands behind him; his left hand was about his pockets; it appeared to me, at the moment, that they intended to rob him - I ran up immediately; on my going up they shoved the prosecutor right out into the road, off the pavement - I took Rowley before the prosecutor spoke; the prosecutor then pointed to Reuben, and said, "There is one of them;" a Police-constable was coming down the street, and he took Reuben - there was a gas-lamp about fifteen yards off, which gave me a view of the features of the two prisoners; I had frequently seen them before, and knew their persons - I did not lose sight of either of them till we got to the station; the other men ran off immediately - the prosecutor had been drinking a little, but he appeared to know what he was doing.
Cross-examined. Q. Had not Reuben an opportunity of running away? A. I cannot answer that - there was one constable behind him and another before him, whohad him in custody in a few moments; I was twelve or fourteen yards from them when I first saw them - I did not take particular notice of the night, but I had sufficient light to distinguish four; Reuben's left hand was on or in the prosecutor's left trousers pocket, and his right hand behind his back - I was present when the deposition was taken before the Magistrate; I did not take particular notice of what the Magistrate said - there might be an alteration made in the deposition and I not see it; it is an extensive office - I do not recollect hearing of any alteration; I gave my evidence, and thought that was sufficient - that was on the Wednesday; I had been after the prosecutor on the Monday, but did not see him - I believe I went again on the Tuesday night, and again on the Wednesday; I believe the prisoners were brought up three times - I was here some time back, but I do not now recollect what expences I got; I am not aware of receiving any thing on a conviction.
COURT. Q. Is there any reward on the conviction of a prisoner? A. There is not, my Lord.


                  GEORGE 
                  PERRIOR
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On the 1st of January, about twelve o'clock, I came up; I saw Reuben walking away from the prosecutor - the prosecutor said he had been robbed, or words to that effect, and pointed to Reuben; I took him into custody directly- he made no resistance; we took both the prisoners to the station-house; the prosecutor then said he had not been robbed, he had lost no money - he had been drinking, but was far from being intoxicated.
Cross-examined. Q. If Reuben had been inclined to escape, might he not? A. Impossible; I was about five yards from him - he did not attempt to escape, or to resist; I must have been present at the examination, but I saw no alteration made, nor heard of any - I attended three days at the office; I do not know what the expences come to - nothing, very likely; I was never here before- I took Reuben at the instigation of the prosecutor; he was on the other side, and when he pointed to him I crossed towards him.
Rowley's Defence. At the Justice's the prosecutor said I did not touch him at all.
Reuben's Defence. I returned home on that Saturday evening, about a quarter-past ten o'clock; I had lost a child a day or two before, and my wife was near her confinement; I went to bed, and about twelve o'clock my wife awoke me - she said, "For God's sake, run for the doctor;" I was going down the street, and saw the prosecutor - the Policeman caught me by the collar; I made no resistance. ROWLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
REUBEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Life
            .
