





1097. 




JAMES THOMAS RICHARDS,


 ROBERT DILLIMAN
, and 



THOMAS OGDEN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
22nd of March, 1 till, value 2s.; 60 pence, and 160 halfpence; the goods and monies of 



William Francis.


William Francis. I am a publican, and live in Thames-street, Dept-ford. On the 22nd of March I missed the till from under the counter in the bar, also some books, and about 12s. in copper money, but no silver—there were different little keys in the till, but nothing of any consequence—I saw the prisoner, Richards, in my house about four o'clock, and I

lost the till between eight and nine o'clock—I had given, Richards 1s. for a shilling's worth of copper.

Cross-examined by
MR. MAHON. Q. How many persons had been in your house that evening? A. A great many—I do not know when I had seen my till last—I do not know exactly what I had there; I only judge by the bulk.

COURT. Q. When you discovered your loss, did you look about for the thieves? A. Yes; we looked down the different streets, and searched—Richards was found in a public-house that night—I was told he had got away from the officer—he was found at his mother's, two or three days afterwards, in a chimney—he sent me word on Monday morning that he had done it; and when we found him in the chimney, he asked me to forgive him, and said he would make it all right to me, and his mother should go and get the money—I did not tell him it would be better for him to confess, nor did the policeman.

JURY. Q. What was your answer to him when he said he would make it all right? A. I said the policeman was below, and he must go with him.





MATTHEW BROMLEY
. I am a waterman. I was in the public-house that evening, and saw Richards come in at the street-door.





ELIZABETH CARTER
. I am the wife of William Carter—we keep a public-house at Deptford. Richards came to my house with a young man, for a pint of porter—I sent it into the tap-room—they were there about a quarter of an hour—Dilliman then came in—they went away in about twenty minutes.





THOMAS ROSE
 (police-constable R 112.) At half-past nine o'clock in the evening of the 22nd of March, I went and found Richards at the Blue Bell, Butcher-row—I found on him twelve penny-pieces, and twenty-five halfpence—I took him to the prosecutor's, aad he made his escape by a side door—I then took Ogden at his own house—I found on him six penny-pieces and eleven halfpence—about two o'clock on Monday morning I found this till, with some papers, some old locks, and other things in it, thrown over the garden of the Bee-hive public-house in Flagon-row.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (police-constable R 38.) I took Richards into custody—I found him secreted up the chimney in his father's bed-chamber—he showed great contrition, and wished I would send for Diiliman and Ogden, that taey might make the money up to Mr. Francis—I said he must go with me, and on the way to the station-house, be confessed that he was in the Duke of Sussex public-house, in New-street, about eight o'clock—that Diiliman came in, and asked him to go With him to the water-gates, to lay a barge on shore, bet on passing down New-street to the lower water-gates, Diiliman asked him to go and take the till—that he went in and took it, and they ran on to Hughes' Fields, where they shared the money, and then threw the till away.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean that you screwed this confession out of him? A. Upon my oath I did not—I did not tell him it would be better for him to tell me—he told me this voluntarily—when he told me this, neither of the other prisoners were present.





JAMES THOMAS FRANCIS
. I am a waterman. I was coming down Hughes' Fields, and saw Richards with something like a box under his arm.





CHARLES EDWARDS
 (police-constable R 15.) About twelve o'clock that night, I went to Dilliman's—I knocked at the door, and his father

opened it—I took Dilliman—he said he had not been with Richards since four o'clock that afternoon—the till was afterwards found.
(Harriet Webster gave Richards a good character.)

RICHARDS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

DILLIMAN and OGDEN—


NOT GUILTY
.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
