





1518. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MASON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of September
, 1 coat, value 10s.; 1 jacket, value 5s.; 1 waistcoat, value 2s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.; and 1 flute, value 10s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Ball
                        




                     
                  , being in a vessel in a port of entry and discharge
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  FIDDES
               



            . I am carpenter of a ship which was in the West India Docks


. On the 26th of September I left her about three o'clock, and every thing on board was then safe - I went back between five and six o'clock, and found the lock knocked off the companion door - it had been locked when I went away, and I had the key - this property was on the cabin floor - it belonged to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Ball
               



             - I had seen it in his possession at sea - I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  HENRY 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a watchman in the Docks. I found the prisoner there between six and seven o'clock in the evening of the 26th of September - he was concealing himself in the water-closet on board the vessel - I found nothing on him.


                  JAMES 
                  HESELTINE
               



            . I am a Thames-police officer, stationed at the Dock. I produce this property - this flute and waistcoat were in the water-closet.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to see a young man who was bound apprentice there - these things were all about the place - I went to the water-closet, thinking the young man would come, and some one fastened me in.(Eliza Scott, of Bedford-row, and Harriet Webster, of Bedford-row, gave the prisoner a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
