





140. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of September
, 60 printed books, value 20l.; 1 set of castors, value 5l., and 1 silver cup, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah Birch 
                     De Windt
                  




               
            .
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.


                  SARAH 
                  BIRCH DE WINDT
               



            . I had a bookcase at the house which I let to the prisoner - it contained some bound books, and a silver cup and cover; they were not let to him, and when I endeavoured to get access to the room it was in, the prisoner prevented it, saying it was sacred to his son.
Cross-examined by MR. CARRINGTON. Q. Had these things belonged to your husband? A. Yes; he left a will - there were two executors, and I was executrix; I had the key of this bookcase.


                  GEORGE 
                  BENTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 26th of July the prisoner brought me a writing-desk, and desired me to put it in the name of Juston - he told me he had sold a house of furniture under a valuation, but the gentleman was out of town, and he asked me if I would take a few books in; I said I would, and on the 28th he brought Cole's History of England, on which I lent him 5l.; he called again, and I let him have 3l. 10s. more - he afterwards brought a set of castors, and a cup and cover, which are here; I lent him 15l. 16s. on the two pledges, in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Jones
               



            .(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I cannot deny pawning the goods.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 51. - 


               Transported for Seven Years longer
            .
