





136. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 17th of November
, 12 towels, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George William St. John 
                           Mildmay
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .

CAPTAIN


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAM ST. JOHN MILDMAY
               



            . - The prisoner was my groom and valet
 about a year and a half before this robbery; I may have given him clothes, but never gave him these articles.


                  MARY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am upper housemaid to Lady Mildmay - she lives in Bruton-street


; Captain 
               
                  George 
                  Mildmay
               



             sometimes resides there - the prisoner had left his service; this linen was in my charge, and belonged to Captain Mildmay; the prisoner had access to it.


                  HENRY 
                  LIVERMORE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have six towels pawned with me by Mary Evans, who was discharged at the office.


                  HENRY 
                  CHANCE REDWOOD
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was delivered to me to lock up; I put him down in the cell, and afterwards going down with another prisoner I found a duplicate torn in pieces in the water-closet - I told the inspector of it - I went down again, and found on the prisoner some more duplicates, corresponding with the one that was torn.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. My master gave me the towels, and if he says otherwise he is a false man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for 7 Years longer
            .(See page 15.)
