



720. 




JOHN DOUGLAS, alias
 Dunbar

 was indicted

for feloniously and knowingly uttering a counterfeit half-crown to 



Elizabeth Hunter, having been previously committed as a common utterer of counterfeit coin.


The
HON. MR. SCARLETT and MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution. CALEB EDWARD POWELL. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce an examined copy of the record of the conviction of John Douglas, in February, 1835—I have examined it with the record—it is a true copy (read).





ROBERT DOCURA
. I am a police constable. I was present when the prisoner was tried in February, 1835, and convicted of uttering a counterfeit crown-piece—I am sure he is the same man—I took him up.





ELIZABETH HUNTER
. I am niece to Mr. Thomas Ballance, who keeps the Red Lion, in Ratchiff-highway. On the 3rd of February the prisoner came there, and asked for a glass of the best gin—he offered me a good half-crown in payment at first, but then asked me for it back, saying he thought he had got halfpence—I gave it him back, and he put sixpence

and two halfpence, and a farthing, on the counter—the copper was not enough to pay for the gin, which was twopence—he took the sixpence and copper up off the counter, and gave me a bed half-crown—I called to my uncle and gave it to him, and told him he had given me a good half-crown at first, and now he had given me a bad one—he afterwards paid me for the gin with a penny-piece and two halfpence—I gave the bad half-crown to my uncle—he did not give it back to the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Did you observe which pocket he took the copper money from? A. No: nor which he took the half-crown from—he gave me the bad one from his left hand—he put the good one on the counter, and it remained there for about a minute or two—I did not ask him for the sixpence instead of the half-crown—I gave the half-crown to my uncle directly—it did not pass through any body's hands—my uncle did not see the sixpence—he was about half a yard from me—he could see what was going on if he was looking that way—I took the twopence for the gin.





THOMAS BALLANCE
. I was standing near Hunter when she served the prisoner with the gin—I observed what took place—she gave me a half-crown to look at—I found it was a bad one—I went round the counter and stopped the prisoner—she said, "This person has first given me a good half-crown, and has now given me a bad one"—I charged him with having passed bad money?"—he wanted to go out, and said, "You do not suspect me of passing bad money?"—I closed the door, and said, "If you will show me the good half-crown you showed the girl at first, you shall go out"—he said he had got nothing but the half-crown she had given me—I sent for a policeman—while my friend was gone for him the prisoner showed me the good half-crown in the palm of his right hand—he was then taken into custody—just as the officer was coming in he turned his back to me, and put something into his mouth—he put his hand up to his mouth, and appeared to have great difficulty to get something down his throat—what it was I did not see—I gave the bad half-crown to the officer.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you give it to the Officer? A. As soon as he came in—it passed from my niece's hand into mine, and from mine into the officer's—I am sure he said he had no other half-crown—not that he had given the girl no other—he paid for the gin before the policeman came, with one penny-piece and two halfpence—I did not see any thing of a sixpence.





WILLIAM ROCK
 (police-constable H 99). I was on duty in Ratcliff-highway on the 3rd of February—I went to Mr. Ballance's house about half-past four o'clock, as Britten came for me—when I got there I found the prisoner detained with the landlord of the house, who gave me a bad half-crown, which he said the prisoner had been offering to pass—I took him into custody—when within a few yards of the station-house he made a sudden wrench—I thought he wanted to wrench himself from my custody—I returned from the station-house in the direction he tried to wrench himself, and there met John Britten, and received from him a good half-crown—I found a farthing on the prisoner, but no sixpence—he said he lived at No.26, Gray's-inn-lane—I produce the bad half-crown, which I have had ever since, separate from any others, and also the good one which I received from Britten.





JOHN BRITTEN
. I fetched the policeman to the public-house, and accompained him and the prisoner to the station-house—on the way the prisoner took something from his pocket, and threw it away from him near an old building—it

was a half-crown—I picked it up and gave it to the policeman—I made inquiry at No. 26, Little Gray's-inn-lane, where the prisoner said he lodged—he was not known there—I also inquired at the other Gray's-inn-lane—he was not known there—at the station-house he said it was very possible I might bring forward a good half-crown.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it day-light? A. It was between four and five o'clock—I searched for what he threw down, instantly—nobody assisted me.





JOHN FIELD
. I am an inspector of coins to His Majesty's mint. One of these half-crowns is a counterfeit—the other is good.

Cross-examined. Q. Is the counterfeit one well executed? A. Tolerably well—it might impose on a person not fully acquainted with coin—it might be supposed to be a good one, lying on the counter for two minutes.

Prisoner's Defence. The statements of the witnesses are entirely false.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Park.
