



1534. 




DONALD FRASER
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the shop of 



William Maconie, and others, on the 
8th of March, at 
St. Pancras, and stealing therein, 2 reams of paper, value 6l., their goods.






WILLIAM MACONIE
. I am in partnership with three other person—we are bookbinders, and marble paper-makers, in Percy-street, St. Pancras The prisoner was six or seven months in our employ as porter—on the the 7th of March, about nine o'clock at night, I locked the shop-door, and took the key—about seven o'clock the next morning I found it had been unlocked by a false key—I missed about three reams of marble paper—we had discharged the prisoner about the 1st of March.





WILLIAM COOK
. I am a stationer, and live in Charlton-street, Somers-town. The prisoner came to my shop, on the 14th of February, wishing me to buy some paper—he came twice, about a fortnight after that, and the third time about the middle of March—he said, he expected an execution in his house for rent every hour; or, that a seizure had already been made, and requested me to purchase this paper—I had known him two years, and he was represented to me as a paper-maker—I bought, altogether, about two reams five or six quires of him, which I afterwards gave up to the officer.





WILLIAM DAVIS
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on the 10th of June—I said I supposed I need not tell him what I took him for—he said he partly guessed—in going along I said it was for some books but he said it was for paper, and he told the inspector the same.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of selling the paper or of committing the robbery at all—the person who committed it came to me, and asked if I knew where to sell paper—I sent him to this man, who gave him 2l. 17s. for three reams of it—he came to me and told me—I hear he is gone to sea.





WILLIAM COOK

re-examined. I made two purchases of him prerviously—I always understood he was in the trade.




GUILTY
. Aged 52.—


Transported for Ten Years.
