





1685. 
               
                  
                     ELLEN 
                     ABRAHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of July
, 1 watch, value 2l., and 2 watch-keys, value 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Thompson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .

ROBERT THOMPSON. On the 18th of July I went into the Jolly Sailors public-house, Ratcliffe-highway, about five minutes after twelve o'clock at night; I met the prisoner on leaving the bar; she asked me to go with her; I said I had no money - she said never mind; I went home with her; I had my watch then - she pulled off her bonnet and shawl, with an intention of going to bed; and as I was taking off my clothes, she took my watch, which I was going to put under the pillow, and looked at it at the candle, then put it in her bosom, and said, "I will take care of it;" she asked me to give her 6d. to get a pot of beer at the public-house next door; she went out, and in a minute a young man came in; he pretended to be drunk, asked where his wife was, and turned me out - I asked him to excuse the light - I went to look at the number, and it was covered with soot and grease - I went to the Policeman, who saw a young man go over to the prisoner, and he called out that was the girl; I crossed to her, but she covered her face with her gown, and ran away - I saw her, and took her.
Prisoner. He was very much in liquor - I persuaded him to leave his watch with the publican, but he would not; he hesitated some time, then went down to Shadwell church, and came to me in a quarter of an hour - he then went with me, and said he had no money.


                  GEORGE 
                  SEAMAN
               



            . On the 18th of July, about one o'clock in the morning, the prosecutor came to me, and said he had been robbed of a silver watch and two gold keys; he took me to the door of the house - after wiping the soot and grease off. I found it was No. 22 - he described the person, who I believed was the prisoner; I went in pursuit of her - I told him to stop at the door, and I went to the bottom of the court; a man, who is always with her, came up North-east-passage - he went up the court and saw the prosecutor; he returned, and went and spoke to the prisoner - I called the prosecutor and told him I had suspicion that that was the person: he came to me and went across - the man ran away, but we came up to the prisoner; she pulled the tail of her gown over her head - the prosecutor said, "This is the woman;" she said, "I have not got it" - I said, "No doubt you know who has got it;" in going along, she said, "O my God! this man will swear my life away, I never saw him before," but before the Magistrate, she said she had been with him.
Prisoner. The prosecutor came to me yesterday, and said if he had known it, I should not have been imprisoned, as I was falsely accused.
ROBERT THOMPSON. No, I did not.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not from the person
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
