





1195. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EVERETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of May


, 2 rummer glasses, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Shearman
                  




               
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  SHEARMAN
               



            . I am the wife of James Shearman, a publican
 - we live at Dalston


. On the 3rd of May I saw the prisoner take one rummer glass from a shelf and put it under his coat - I took it from him before he left the bar; he had denied having it - our pot-lad came in and I told him; he said he saw him going away; he took him, and found this other glass in his pocket.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Had not the prisoner bought a pint of porter? A. Yes - he had not asked for a glass to drink it; I have two male and one female servant - I do not know whether he had asked either of them; this other glass was taken from him - I cannot swear to this; there is another public-house near us.
COURT. Q. Did you miss a glass? A. We missed five.


                  FREDERICK 
                  GLANVILLE
               



            . I went after the prisoner, and found him about forty yards off, with this glass in his coat pocket; I asked him for the glass which he took from the bar; he said, "I did not break one" - I said, "I did not say you had, I want the glass in your pocket;" he took it out and gave it me.
Cross-examined. Q. Was that on the road to Navarino-terrace? A. Yes - he did not say he borrowed it to share a pint of porter.


                  JAMES 
                  CLARKE
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner; these glasses were given me - the prisoner said he took the one in his pocket to drink some ale, but did not account for the other.
HANNAH SHEARMAN. He denied having our glass.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
