



1863. 




MARTHA BISGROVE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of August, at 
St. Paneras, 5 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 2 half-crowns,
21s. and 1 sixpence, the monies of 



Edward Wheatcroft, in the dwelling-house of 



Matthew Hamilton.







EDWARD WHEATCROFT
. I am a marble-polisher, and lodge in the house of Matthew Hamilton, in Charlton-street, Somers-town. On the 1st of August, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, I went out to fetch something for supper—I was perfectly sobre—I had a glass or two, but had my senses about me—I met the prisoner with a woman—I did not know them before—we fell into conversation, and I asked them to have something to drink—the prisoner said they were hungry, and would be glad if I could give them something to eat—I took them into my room, which is the back parlour, and gave them some supper—while I was there a man and woman came in who owed me some money—the woman paid me a sovereign and 4s. 6d.; I had 21s. in my pocket before that; I put the money into my pocket; the woman who paid it to me said, "Mind you don't pay the sovereign away for silver"—I then put it into a looking-glass drawer, which I locked up, and put the key into the tea-caddy, close by; all this happened in the prisoner's presence—soon afterwards the man and woman went away—I fetched a drop of gin while they were all four there, and after I had put the money away—they were all there when I went out—I returned and found them all four there—the man and woman were strangers to the prisoner—the man worked for me—they went away—the prisoner and the other woman remained, and cat my supper—the other woman then went away, leaving the prisoner with me, and said she would come again—that was at near 11o'clock—I fell asleep shortly after, and awoke at a little after two o'clock in the morning—the prisoner was then gone—she had given me no notice of her going, and left the door ajar—I jumped up, and the key of the looking-glass-drawer was taken out, and laid on the table, and all the money gone—I went and gave information—the prisoner was taken on the Wednesday morning following—it happened on the Saturday night—I lost five sovereigns and a half, two half-crowns, and twenty-one shillings, and a sixpence.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You had been drinking a glass or two? A. Yes; I had had two glasses of gin—that was all I had after twelve o'clock—I was at work until six o'clock at night—I had the gin about eight o'clock in the evening—I thought I could have eat at first, but there was not enough supper for us all—I had no appetite, and did not wish any—I did not sit many minutes after the other woman left, before I fell asleep—I drank half-a-glass of beer while they were there—it was not at my request that the prisoner remained with me—I fell asleep in my chair—I only know Hamilton's name, or the parish the house is in, by what he told me—I saw the money last when I put the sovereign into the drawer—I counted it at dinner-time—I was sobre, and knew what I was about.





CAROLINE BISGRONE
. I am the wife of Charles Bisgrove, a shoemaker; he is brother to the prisoner's husband. On the Saturday night in question, the prisoner's husband had left her, and she came to my place to find him—I went out with her to meet my husband, and at the corner of Chapel-street the prosecutor came up—he seemed tipsy—he asked us to have something to drink—we refused at first, but went and had some gin at last—he asked her to go home to supper—she went home with him, and I stopped for a minute or two—I was then going towards home, and met them at the cook-shop door—then both of us went home him—somebody came and paid lim some money, as he has stated—I did not see where he put

the money—he was sitting near the drawer, and got up, but where he put it I do not know—the man and woman went away—I could not stop any longer—he asked her to stop—I said, "I must go, "and left the prisoner there—it was ten minutes after ten o'clock—when I got home, her husband was at my place, and I went back to tell her in about half an hour, it might be, after eleven o'clock—I could not get into the prosecutor's room—a boy opened the door, and told me to go into the room, but I found it was locked—I knocked at the door, and then the prosecutor answered, and said, "Halloo, we are in bed"—I went away—the prisoner came to me, about half an hour after that, and said, "He asked me to go to bed with him, and I have got some money—he said he would give me all he had got if I went to bed with him"—she said he had given it to her, and she got up, and then she took the money—when she knocked at my door, her husband went out, and said he would not see her—she came up stairs, pulled out the money, and said, "I have got some of the money, he said he would give me, all he had—I have left my cap there—he went to asleep directly—I took the money, and came away"—she told me not to say any thing to my husband, or he would tell her husband, and I should have a gown ont of the money she had better keep it—she had been away from her husband for a week—she counted the money, but I did not hear what she said, nor see what she had got—I think there were sovereigns and some silver—she did not tell me who took the money out of the drawer—I swear that—I told the magistrate she said she took the money—I did not say" Out of the drawer"—I did not kknow it was in a drawer (looking at her deposition)—this is my mark.

Q. Did you not state, "I then went home again, and soon after that the prisoner came, and said, I have taken some of his money out of his drawer; she pulled some money out of her pocket, and counted it?" A. Yes; I said she took some of his money—I do not recollect whether she said, "Out of the drawer, "or not—I was before the magistrate on Wedsuesday—I was fetched in a hurry, and was very much frightened—something was read to me, and I put my mark—I might have said about the drawer—I do not know that I did—I do not remember about the drawer—I told her, I did not know she was going to do that, or I would have gone away, and left her—I meant I did not know she was going to bed, nor yet going to take the money—she said I might have a gown out of it—I do not recollect telling the Magistrate, "She did not tell me that wheatcroft, the prosecutor, had given her the money; "but I will not swear it—I was so frightened when I put my mark to the deposition.

Q. Do you mean to swear she told you he had given her the money? A. I do not think I said that—she told me so when she first came in—I do not remember telling the Magistrate she did not tell me he had given her the money—I did not say it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. who spoke first when you met the man in the street? A. Wheatcroft—he seemed to me as if he had been drinking—he pressed us several times to go and drink with him—we had a glass of gin a-piece at the corner of Chapel-street—the prisoner told me at first that he had said he would give her all he had if she would sleep with him, and after that 5 she said that she got up and took it, after he was asleep—she did not say why she left him, omly I wanted her, as her husband was at my house—I am quite sure that when I knocked he said he was in bed—it was a little after eleven o'clock, I think.






EDWARD CAGENEY
. I am a policeman. On the 5th of August, I apprehended the prisoner—I asked if she knew the charge—sile "No"—I said it was for a robbery comitted on Saturday night, in Charlton-street—she said, "Oh dear me! there is another woman implicated in it as well as me."

Cross-examined. Q. Where was this? A. After I apperhended her, in a public-house.

Prisoner's Defence. I went to my sister's, to get something from my husband—I staid there till rather later than nine o'clock—we were at the corner of Chapel-street—the man came and asked us several times to have drink—we went, and he had a basin in his hand—he asked me to go home with him and sleep—I refused—he asked again, and I said I did not mind, if he let my sister-in-law with me—he went to the cook-shop, and got supper—my sister-in-law went out to see her husband—while we were sitting at supper a man and his wife came in with the money—he went out for half-a pint of gin—he took the sovereign out of his pocket, and put it into the drawer—the person there told him to put it in—he said, "Never mind, I have got plenty"—when the people left, my sister-in-law and me had supper—the man said he could not eat as he had been drinking all day—my sister-in-law left, and he asked me to stop all night—I said I could not, as I was a married woman—he said he would give me all he possessed if I would stop; and begin in distress, I consented—he gave me 6l. 10s., and some silver; but his conduct was so disgusting I was obliged to leave him.




GUILTY of stealing only. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years. (The witness, Caroline Bisgrove, was committed for prevarication.)

First Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
