



2200. 




HARRIETT KEMP
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of September, 2 forks, value 20s., the goods of 



Thomas Henry Kerfoot







JAMES THOMAS UPJOHN
. I am a clock and watch-maker, and live at New Brentford. Two silver forks were brought to my house on the 16th of September, by the witness, Ann Perkins, to. sell—I suspected they were stolen, and told her so—I handed them over to the policeman, and she was token into custody—the policeman has got the forks—they are worth about 1l. as old silver.





AXN PERKINS
. I am going on for twelve years old—the prisoner is my aunt—she lived at Brentford-end, with my mother, at the time in question—she gave me these two forks one Saturday, and I went to sell them at Mr. Upjohn's the same clay—when I got there he asked me some questions, and detained me and the forks.





CHARLOTTE WINTEKBORNE
. I am housemaid to Mr. Thomas Henry Kerfoot, who in Bread-street, Cheapside, and occasionally at Norwood. The prisoner is my cousin—she occasionally called on me, and

visited me and my fellow-servant—sometimes she staid there a night two—I was at Norwood, and not at Bread-street—the plate had not been at Norwood, and I did not know they were missed till master told me of it, and said I must appear at Brentford—my fellow-servant had the care of the plate during my absence—I had the care of it when I was in Bread street—they were missed from the house in Bread-street, where she was with my fellow-servant on the 15th.





DAVID JONES
. I am a policeman. On the 16th of September I was in New Brentford—Mr. Upjohn called me into his shop, and Perkins was there with the forks—he gave her into my custody with the forks, which I produce—I brought her to the station-house, and afterwards went with her to her mother's house, and the prisoner was there—I told her Mr. Upjohn had stopped the forks she had sent by Perkins, the girl—she said, They are my forks, but I did not send her to sell them; I only sent them to be mended;" and she turned to Perkins, and said, You little hussey, how could you be so silly as to say I sent you to sell them?"—the girl said, No, aunt, you sent me to sell them, and to get what I could on them" when the prisoner was taken to the station-house, she was examined by the inspector on duty, who asked how she came by the forks—she said she had purchased them in Chancery-lane, about two years ago, at a sale room.

MR. UPJOHN
re-examined. These are the forks the girl brought—they are defaced on purpose, not broken.





CHARLOTTE WINTERBORNE

re-examined. I believe these to be my master's property—I have two which correspond with them—we had twenty-four of each, and six of each at Norwood—there was only my master at Bread-street—I had been at Norwood about four months—the plate was correct with the inventory when I left London.

Prisoners Defence. I bought the forks of a person in Chancery-lane, near an auction-room, nearly twelve months ago, and gave 15s. for them.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.

