



659. 




JOHN PERKINS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
31st of December, 1 looking-glass and stand, value 2l., the goods of 



Giovanni Antonio Albino; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






GIOVANNI ANTONIO ALBINO
. I live in St. John-street, Smithfield. I lost a looking-glass and stand—I had seen it safe on Saturday the 29th of December, and missed it on the Monday from the middle of my shop window.





WILLIAM PENNY
. I am an Inspector of police. On the morning of the 31st of December, I was in Sharp's-alley, St. Sepulchre—I met the prisoner about half-past ten o'clock, about seven minutes walk from the prosecutor's, with this part of a looking-glass frame tied up in this pocket-handkerchief—I asked him what he had got—he said, "A looking-glass frame"—I said, "Where did you get it?"—he said he bought it in Petticoat-lane, with some rubbish—I said I should take him to the station-house, and at the corner of Field-lane, he got his leg between mine, and tried to throw me—I took him to the office, and he was discharged for want of evidence—he was taken again in a week afterwards—I found in his pocket the screws of the looking-glass stand,

Prisoner. Q. Did you take me to the station-house? A. The Magistrate was sitting at the time, and I took him there directly.

MR. ALBINO
re-examined. I know this part of the frame perfectly well

—it is not well made, and I could not send it to the customer till it was altered—I know it from a defect in it—these screws I cannot swear to.

Prisoner. You said you thought it was your property, but you could not swear to it, as there was not any mark on it. Witness. Yes, I know it, because the veneer is not well joined in the centre—I am positive of it.

Prisoner. It is not in the state it was when it was taken from me, it was quite dusty and dirty—the officer says he took it from me in a handkerchief, and he took the handkerchief off my neck and put round it.





JOHN KIRKMAN
. I was a police constable. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—I was present at the trial—(read)—the prisoner is one of the persons who were tried—there were two of them.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

