




2731. 




WILLIAM LOVELL
 and 




JOHN CHAPMAN, alias
 Palmer

, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
14th of September, at 
St. Nicholas Acons, 1 cash-box, value 5s.; 4 sovereigns, 16 half-crowns, 20 shillings, 40 sixpences; 1 10l. and 1 5l. Bank notes; 1 order for the payment of 10l., and 1 order for the payment of 7l. 15s. 6d.; the goods, monies, and property of 



Thomas Thompson and another, in their dwelling-house.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





ROBERT BOWIE
. I am shopman to Thomas Thompson and Mr. King, tea dealers and grocers, in King William-street, City. On Saturday evening, the 14th of September, I was serving in the shop—two gentlemen came in together about eight o'clock, for some tea—the prisoner Chapman is one of them—they whispered to each other in the shop—I should know the other man if I him—he is not in custody—each had a Macintosh cape on, buttoned up close to the chest, and reaching down to their knees—we were pretty busy at the time, but not very busy—Chapman asked for half-a-pound of tea—the other one first asked for half-a-pound, and after I served

him he went out—Chapman remained, and I served him with half-a-pound of black and green tea. and two pounds of lump sugar, for which he paid me a 5l. note—he remained about three minutes after the other one had gone out—while they were both in the shop I saw a person rise up from behind the counter—I saw the man's hat, that is all—about a moment after, while I was serving, a butcher's boy put his head in at the door, and said Somebody had, stolen something—I looked round the counter where the cash-box was kept, and it was missing—I ran round the counter, but did not leave the shop—about ten o'clock the same evening, a little boy brought a brown paper bag sealed up, and directed—I opened it, and found it contained the cash-box broken open—no notes or cheques were left in it, but a few papers, called weigh-notes—on Monday morning, in consequence of information, I went to the Bank of England, soon after nine o'clock—I there found a boy named Reeve—some money was given to him folded up in paper—he left the Bank, and I followed him to the Globe public house in Moorgate—the person I expected to see, was not there—I went into the Globe and had a glass of ale—after I came out, I stood at the corner of the street, and while there I noticed the prisoner Lovell, who had a Macintosh cape on, buttoned up to his chin—he was standing again the undertakers, looking anxiously about him—that was about one hundred yards from the Globe—the moment he saw me he walked off towards Cheapside—I went after him, overtook him, and asked him if he had not sent a boy with some cheques to the Bank of England—he said" Me, Sir? no Sir, I have not sent any body"—I asked him to come back with me, which he did—he said he was sure I was mistaken, that he was living with his uncle in Worship-street, a chemist and druggist, and all persons ten liable to be mistaken—he was very much confused indeed—I took him to the Globe, where the boy was—he still had his Macintosh on—the boy had previously given a description of the dress and appearance of the person who sent him with the cheques—on seeing him, the boy at first said he did not think he was the person—I then went with the prisoner to his uncle's in Worship-street—I found it was an oil-shop—his uncle said he did not live there, that he had called there on the Saturday, but he was not at home—the boy afterwards came there, and the prisoner's Macintosh was taken off—it was a long cape, and came down below his knees-the boy saw him without the cape, and then said that was the man who had given him the cheques, from his dress—he had a frock-coat on, and drab trowsers, which Corresponded exactly with the description of the dress which the boy had given before—Lovell wanted to go away from his uncle's—he said he was not to be detained, for he had got to go to the City-road, and that he had just come from Birmingham, he was sure I sure I must be mistaken—I gave him in charge.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What time was it the persons came to deal at your shop? A. As near eight o'clock as possible it was after dusk—we have a good deal of custom—I do not think there were more than two other persons in the shop—only me and another shopman, and Mr. Thompson, serve behind the counter—we keep porters—the shopman is not here—I had never seen Chapman before was not very busy at the time—we were busy all the evening, but I was not particularly busy—I was serving customers—I had just served one who had gone out—I was very busy.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Before Lovell told you he lived

at his uncle's in Worship-street, had you not asked him for a reference? No—I said "If you are an honest person you will not object to tell where you were on Saturday night"—I asked him to refer me to somebody who knew him, and he referred me to his uncle—the boy said he like the person in appearance and dress.





THOMAS THOMPSON
. I am in partnership with Mr. King, in King William-street, and live in the house with my family and all the young We hold the house jointly—I remember the loss of the cash-box—it contained tea warrants, two cheques, one of 10l., and one of 7l. 15s. 6d., both on the Bank of England, a 10l. note, a 5l. note, and gold and silver amounting to 8l. and upwards—a parcel was brought to the house that evening, containing the cash-box, broken open—all the papers remained in it, but the cash and notes were gone—I gave notice to the Bank to stop the cheques, and received them from the Bank on the Monday morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How many partners have you? one but Mr. King—I sleep in the house—Mr. King does not, nor any of his family—the two shopmen sleep in the house—there is a private door to the dwelling-house, but you can get from the shop to the house without going out.





JOHN SEWELL
. I am in the employ of Mr. Austin, a butcher, in St. John-street-road. On Saturday evening, the 14th of September, I was going to Mr. Black's, a customer of master's, in Lawrence Pountney-lane about a quarter past eight o'clock—I passed by the prosecutor's shop, and saw two gentlemen—I knocked up against one of them with my tray, by accident—one was dressed in a Macintosh, and the other in a surtout coat-one of them spoke to me—in about two-or three minutes I was returning from Mr. Black's, and saw the one with the Macintosh on at Mr. Thompson's shop—I could not swear it was one of those I had run against he was standing with his arms at his side at the door, and I saw the legs of another man, crawling into the shop on his knees—I went on the other side and looked, and saw the one on his knees take a tin box off a shelf and give it to the one in the Macintosh—I went in, and told what I had seen—Lovell is the man in the Macintosh who received the box from the man that crawled in.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Why were you not before the Magistrate? A. I did not know they were apprehended before my mistress saw it in the paper—I gave my evidence to the inspector—I had never seen Lovell before—I thought a robbery was being committed when I saw them take the box—I saw no policeman—I did not look for any—I had my tray on my shoulder, but nothing in it—the men ran away so quick I could not catch hold of them—I did not think it was a robbery at first—I thought they were at play at first, till I saw the box taken—I got ut into the road, in case they should knock my tray through the window I saw no persons passing—the men went down Nicholas-lane together—I did not see more than two—they ran away, and I went into the shop directly—there were eight or nine customers in the shop at the time, besides the shopmen.





FREDERICK REEVE
. I am fourteen years old, and live in Craven-street, city-road. On Monday, the 16th of September, a little before ten o'clock in the 1 morning, I was at the come of Fore-street, when the prisoner Lovell spoke to me, and asked me if I could go on an errand for him to the Bank,

and he would give me 1s.—I agreed to do so—he gave me two cheques to take—I was to come to him at the corner of Fore-street, at Mr. Lacey's. at the Globe public-house, where I was to meet him—he said he was waiting there for the Hampstead coach, and I was to make haste—I took the cheques to the Bank—they did not give me the money—I told them how I got them—some halfpence were given me in a paper, and I left the Bank, followed by Mr. Bowie—I went to the Globe, but did not find Lovell there—Bowie brought him to me not long after—I had not given a description of the person before that—not till he was going to his uncle's—it was before the Macintosh was taken off—he is the man that sent me with the cheques.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I believe, when you first go to the Globe you saw several people there? A. Yes, a good many standing about—I did not see a man with a Macintosh on—he did not have a Macintosh on when he gave me the cheques—the first time I saw him after he gave me the cheques was when Bowie brought him up to me—he had a Macintosh on then, and I said he was not the man—I said he was the man after I went to his uncle's, and the Macintosh was off—I did not say he was like the man by his dress—I said he was the man when he had the cloak off—I said he was like the person in appearance and dress that was all I said.

Q. What were you doing that morning? A. Going on an errand for my master, Mr. French, a watchmaker, in Cornhill—I was going to Taber nacle-square—Fore-street was in my way—it is not far from the Bank, you can see the Bank from the corner—Bowie did not tell me Lovell was the man when he produced him to me—he asked me if he was the man, and I said he was not, because he did not have a Macintosh on when he gave me the cheques—I looked at his face—I did not look at him to ascertain whether he was the man before I answered—I said I did not think he was the man because he had a Mackintosh on—I looked at his face, and he was dark as the one who gave me the cheques—Bowie did not say any thing to me on our way to the prisoner's uncle's—be told me I should see him when I got to his uncle's—I do not remember his saying I should be able to recognize him when I got there—I will not swear he did not say so, but I do not remember any thing of the sort.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you say he was like the man in person and dress, before the cloak was taken off, or after? A. When the cloak was taken off—I said he was short and dark—I said I believed he was the man, from his appearance and dress.

COURT. Q. Did you tell Bowie there was any thing you knew him by besides his appearance and dress? A. Yes, I knew him by his trowsers and frock-coat, and by his voice—the man who gave me the cheques had a frock-coat and light trowsers, and Lovell was dressed the same when his cloak was taken off.





EDWARD BLACKFORD
 (police-constable G 70.) I took Lovell into custody at an oil-shop in Worship-street—searched him, and found a gold watch, a mourning ring, a Macintosh, a 5l. Bank of England note, and about 13s. in silver.





JOHN ROBINSON
. I am a police-inspector of the G division. I was at the station-house when Lovell was brought in custody, on the 16th of September—a person came there, who called himself his uncle-Lovell said to him" Go over to Mr. West's, in the Borough, and remind him that I was

at his house on Saturday night last, between seven and half-past eight o'clock"—I said to the prisoner" What does that signify?"—he said" Mr. West will be able to prove, that when I committed the robbery I was at his house"—I said" How could you commit the robbery when you were at his house?"—he said" Never mind, he will be able to prove, that when I committed the robbery I was at his house"—I made a similar observation, and he repeated the same thing—this was perhaps half an hour after he was brought to the station-house—Mr. Thompson had stated the circumstances of the robbery to me in his presence.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was the person calling himself his uncle the person who keeps the oil-shop in Worship-street? A. I believe so—he represented himself as living in Worship-street—the 5l. note has been in my possession ever since—I made inquiry about it, but could get no information.





HENRY HILL
. I am porter at Slee and Pike's wine-vaults, in High-street, Borough. On Saturday night, the 14th of September, I was at that house, between nine and ten o'clock, and saw the prisoner Chapman there—I know a boy named Critchfield, by seeing him here—I saw him standing outside, on the step of the door that night—Chapman came to me, and got two sixpences for a shilling, and I heard him tell the boy to stand there—I did not hear him say any thing more to the boy—Chapman had a Macintosh cape on—he was at our house twice that night—he did not stay more than five minutes altogether—he came in and went out again, and when he came back again I gave him the change.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did the person go into the parlour? A. No, there is no parlour, he came to the bar—I served him myself—there was a barman there, two or three yards from Chapman—he is not here—there were several persons being served at the time—there might be from half a dozen to a dozen—I cannot say whether they were old customers—I had served some of them—I had never seen Chapman before, to my recollection—he had the Macintosh right round him—it covered the collar of his coat, and the collar was up, but not fastened in front—I could not see his cravat—the Macintosh was fastened in front, but not buttoned round the chin—I did not notice the cravat.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Had you lights in your place? A. Yes, four gaslights—I saw him over the counter—I did not take notice of his features more than other persons—I have no doubt at all about him.





THOMAS GEORGE CRITCHFIELD
. I live in Vine-court. On Saturday night, the 14th of September, I was in High-street, Borough, standing leaning against the door of Slee and Pike's wine-vaults—the prisoner Chapman spoke to me—he had a Macintosh cape on—he asked me if I was going over the bridge—I told him yes—he asked if I knew King William-street—I said yes—he asked me which side of the way it was on—I told him the left-hand side—he told me if I would take a parcel for him he would give me 6d.—he gave me a parcel—I agreed to take it, and he gave me 6d.—he went inside the wine-vaults, and told me to stop outside, as he was going to get change—I was going in with him—he told me to stop out, which I did, and he brought me out a 6d.—there was a gas-light at the next house, and one on each side, which lighted the place where we were—he told me to take the parcel and ask if there was any answer, and to come back to Slee and Pike's and tell him, and asked how long I should be gone—I said I should not be long—I went

to King William-street, and could not find the place—I returned to Slice and Pike's, but Chapman was not there—I went directed there and back—I went again to King William-street, and found the prosecutor's shop, and left the parcel there—I am sure Chapman is the person who sent me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How often have you been desired to look at that man? A. Three or four times—once by Alderman Kelly, once by Sir Peter Laurie, and by Inspector Robinson—I have never seen Robinson at my mother's house, nor ever spoke to him there about this—I went to Guildhall by myself—mother told me to go, because they had been inquiring after me—I saw Robinson at Guildhall.

Q. Did he tell you, you were called there to identify a man who had spoken to you in the Borough, and he would have a Macintosh on? A. He did not ell me he would have Macintosh on—he said was to look at the man—he asked me if he had a Macintosh on there ware two old man and the prisoner had Micintosh on neither of the old man cell to me—he asked me in the cell—the turnkey pointed out the had—one of them had a great coat on, I believe—I had never seen the person before who spoke to me in the Borough—he had the Macintosh buttoned up under his chin, and the two ends of the collar up—it just came up a little to his chin—it stood up a little—it might be about three or four minutes from the time he first spoke to me till I went away—I was not standing long outside waiting for him, only while he got change,—my mother is here—nobody brought—she was coming this way, and thought she might as well come.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20) On Monday, the 16th of September, I accompanied Bowie into the brought, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon—he pointed out Chapman to me—he was coming towards us at some distance—I took him into custody by Bowie's direction—told him he must consider himself to that he had on now—nothing else—I and asked if he was in King William-street on Saturday night—he said, "No"—he told Mr. Bowie, if he wanted to know any thing about him, he lived at No. 3, Palmer-terrace, at the back—he did not explain what neighbourhood—I took him to the station-house, searched him, and found these two pocket-books on him—here are some cards with "W. J. Lovell and Son, lock manufacturers, Chard-street, Birmingham," on them—I saw Lovell the same evening, and showed him the cards in the pocket-book—he said they were his, and asked a pencil-case.

MR. THOMPSON re-examined. The cash-box was kept under the counter on a shelf.

LOVELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

CHAPMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.





Transported for Fifteen Years
.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
