



2199. 




WILLIAM POWELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of July, 2 candlesticks, value 4l. 9s.; and I extinguisher, value 1s.; the goods of 



Charles Reeves.


MR. HORRY.conducted the Prosecution.


CHARLES REEVES. I am a solicitor, and live at North-bank, Marylebone. On the 18th of July I was in my sitting-room about ten o'clock in the evening—I heard a cry of "Murder," and "Stop thief"—I had taken a silver candlestick up stairs a few minutes before, and placed it on the ball table as I came down with the extinguisher—on hearing the cry, I went out and found the candle in the passage, with the extinguisher on it—the candlestick was gone—I went to the garden-door, and found two policemen, who had the prisoner in custody—I went to the station-house, and then searched Mr. Wymes's garden—these candlesticks are mine.





ELIZABETH RUSHOLM
. On the evening of the 18th of July I took some plate up stairs—I left a metal candlestick on the kitchen mantel-piece, and when I came down I found it on the table—I ran up stairs, and saw a man pass me with something—I cannot tell who it was, he passed so quickly—I did not see the candlestick thrown away—I saw the man go out of the garden gate.





EDWARD BRIDGEN
.(police-constable S 125.) On the evening of the 18th of July, I was passing No. 24, North-bank, and heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I turned, and saw the prisoner come out of the gate, and run off with something—I followed, crying "Stop thief"—he found I was pursuing him, and threw it over Mr. Wymes's garden—he was stopped by my brother constable—I came up as he stopped him—we took him back to Mr. Reeves, and then to the station-house—I went to Mr. Wymes's garden and found this silver candlestick.

Prisoner's Defence. I was walking along the road, and these two policemen stopped me—they said I was their prisoner—they took me to this gentleman's garden—the policemen asked them if I was the man that was

in the garden—he said he did not know who it was—then the policemen said, "You had better give him in charge"—I had nothing on me—they went out and returned with two candlesticks, and charged me with stealing them.




GUILTY
. * Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
