



2857. 




HARRIET THOMPSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th of October, 3 half-crowns, 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 



James Stanton, from his person; and that she. had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES STANTON
. I am a plasterer. On Sunday morning, the 5th of October, between one and two o'clock, I met the prisoner in Barbican—I had been to a little society that I belong to—I was quite sober—the prisoner came up, and asked how I did—I said I was pretty well—she took bold of my coat, and began to pull me about—I pushed her away, and I felt her hand in my right-hand waistcoat pocket—I endeavoured to get hold of her hand, but she concealed it in her pocket-hole—I missed out of my pocket, three half-crowns, two shillings, and one sixpence—I accused her of it, caught hold of her hand, and took out of it two shillings and one sixpence—I asked her to give me the half-crowns—she denied having them—a policeman was passing, and I gave her in charge—she then dropped two half-crowns—I picked them up, and a gentleman picked up another in Bunhill-row—they were all given to the officer.

Prisoner. You told the policeman you had lost 5s. Witness. I said two half-crowns—I did not recollect at the moment how much I had.





JOHN FORDHAM
. I am an officer. I was on duty in Beech-street, and was called to take the prisoner—the prosecutor gave me two shillings and a sixpence—as I was taking the prisoner to the station-house she dropped two half-crowns, at the bottom of Whitecross-street—the prosecutor took them up, and gave them to me—in going up Bunhill-row she dropped another half-crown, which a gentleman took up and gave me—the prosecutor was quite sober.

Prisoner. When the Magistrate asked you if you saw me drop them, you

said no, you did not; and he asked how long you had been in the force and said you did not know your duty. Witness. No, he did not.





BENJAMIN BAKER
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which 1 got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—she is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.
