





1948. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HEALEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of July
, 1 coat, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Crawshaw
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  HILL
               



            . I live with my father at the Southampton Arms, Tottenham-court-road


. On the morning of the 26th of July I was looking out at the window - I saw the prisoner go up into a cab, and take a coat up and put it on his back; he walked into Southampton-court, and came back without it - I told the driver of it.
Prisoner. Q. Why did not you give the alarm directly I took it? A. I knew you was about among the cabs - you had been feeding the horses with bay; I have had no quarrel with you.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAWSHAW
               



            . I am driver of the cab No. 1057
. I lost my coat on the 26th of July; I saw it again the same morning, in the hands of the Policeman; the prisoner came back to the stand, and began to feed the horses - I do not know whether he had been in the habit of doing so.
Prisoner. Q. When I was taken you asked the witness what sort of a coat it was, and what did he reply? A. I asked him whether he saw the coat taken from the cab, with the grey horse - he said Yes; that it was a coat with three or four capes, and it has three - he said he saw you get up, take it up, and put it on, look round and then go off with it on your back.


                  DAVID 
                  LAING
               



             (Police-constable E 58). I took the prisoner on the stand in Tottenham-court-road, on the 26th of July; a lodging was pointed out to me at No. 5, Southampton-court - the prisoner had lodged there, but left the Saturday before and was gone to No. 7; I went there, and found this coat in the back room first floor.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HADLEY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Hadley
               



            ; we live at No. 7, Southampton-court. The prisoner hired our first floor back room on the 21st of July, and slept there till the Thursday; the coat was found there - the street door was on the spring-lock, but could be opened outside; no one had occupied that room after he slept there - he had not given it up.
Prisoner. Q. Was there not another man in the room? A. There was while you were there, but not afterwards.
The prisoner put in a long written Defence, stating that he had not been at Hadley's lodgings after the night of the 22nd, on account of two other men sleeping there: and declaring his innocence.


                  CHARLES 
                  HILL
               



             re-examined. Q. When did you tell the prosecutor you had seen the coat taken? A. When he was making inquiry for it, which was about five minutes before six o'clock - it had been taken about a quarter of an hour before.


                  DAVID 
                  LAING
               



            . I found the coat about seven o'clock.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
