





1872. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     GRADEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of July
, 2 handkerchiefs, value 7s., and two 5l. Bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Noon
                  




               
            .


                  DAVID 
                  NOON
               



            . I belong to the 7th regiment of Foot Guards
. On the 30th of July I was quartered at the Castle, Bull's Head-court, Strand


, and enlisted the prisoner by the name of Dennis Doyle, to serve in the 89th regiment; he slept in the same room with me that night - two young men, companions of his, had also enlisted; I had two 5l. Bank notes in my box; I awoke about six o'clock in the morning, and missed the prisoner - I went to my box, and missed the notes and two silk handkerchiefs; I afterwards found him in custody; the other two did not sleep there - nobody came into the room from the time I went to bed till I missed my notes.


                  THOMAS 
                  WORTHING
               



            . I am a watchman, and live in Lumley-court, Strand. I was at the Castle on Saturday night, the 30th of July, and saw the prosecutor enlist the prisoner; I was the prisoner about five o'clock next morning, at the top of Bull's Head-court - the joined three other persons, and went away along Maiden-lane.
Prisoner. Q. I never saw that man in my life? Witness. I am sure he is the man.


                  MARY 
                  ANN BLUNDELL
               



            . I saw the prisoner at the Castle on the 30th of July and recollect Noon being there; the prisoner slept that night with Noon - I am certain he is the man; my husband keeps the Castle - there was no other spare bed.


                  BARTHOLOMEW 
                  STEYNING
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoner at the Vine, public-house, Tooley-street, Borough; he denied the charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I never was in the house that night - the gentleman went up to a woman, and offered her a sovereign to come down and prove that I changed one of the notes in Seven-dials; her name is Ann Coutts.


                  DAVID 
                  NOON
               



            . I gave him nothing but 1s. when he enlisted; he was to receive 7s. 6d. of the bounty when he passed, 2s. 6d. before the Magistrate, and 50s. when he joined the regiment - the girl he names is the person he keeps; the serjeant offered her a sovereign to find out where he had ben spending the money.
Prisoner. He told the Magistrate he was intoxicated.
DAVID NOON. I did not state so; there were people in the tap-room, but I came out of the tap-room - the prisoner wrote his name and direction on paper; he took that with the money - a man has four clear days after her enlists, but he must pay 21s. to get off.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
