





942. 




THOMAS EAST
 and 



MARY EAST
 were again indicted for

stealing, on the 
12th of March, 2 blankets, value 6s.; 1 bed rug, value 3s.; 1 pillow and case, value 8d.; 1 bolster, value 3s. and 1 candle-stick, value 1s.; the goods of 



John Favell Betts, to which.


Mary East 

pleaded Guilty
.





ALICE BETTS
. I live at No. 10 1/2, Richmond-street, Old-street, and am the wife of John Favell Betts. He is a clerk in an insurance office—Thomas East came on Saturday morning to ask for a room for himself and son, a little boy—I said he could not well have it that day—he said he must if he could, as he had just come from the country, and was at a public house, which was expensive—he said he was a cabinet-maker, but was not in employ at present—I said if he was sober, and a good workman, I thought I could get him work—I said, "I suppose you can give me some reference"—he looked at the room, and asked if there were good sheets—I said they were good common sheets—good enough for my children, and good enough for me, when I had 200l. a year—he said he could give me a reference to a person in Henry-street—he staid in the room I should think five or six weeks—he did not pay one farthing, and I lent him 1s. 6d.—he said he was a pensioner—he asked me to let my servant make a fire that night, and she did, and then he went up into the room, and after a while, he said, could I lend him a mug to get some porter in—while he was gone I went up-stairs, but the door was locked—I have since found that that night a blanket of mine was pawned—I did not see the woman, but I understood she had been harboured there all along—one day my servant asked if she should clean the room out, and he said, no, his sister was out of place, he had got her there, and she should do it—I lent him a pail and brush, and he came down with his sleeves tucked up, and said he had given it a good cleaning—he said he had been a sailor and could do it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You have understood that this woman had access to the house? A. He told me that she was in the room, but I did not see her.

COURT. Q. How soon did you get into the room? A. Never got a sight of the room, till the officers came to take the male prisoner—he had desired to be denied that night—he told my servant so—I then missed my blankets, bed-rugs, pillow, pillow-cases, bolster, and several other little things.





THOMAS WALKER
. I am shopman to Mr. Birkett, of Brick-lane, Old-street. I have a blanket and two sheets—the sheets were pleaded on the 18th of March, and the blankets in March, in the name of Harrison, by a man—this is the duplicate of the blanket.





JOHN BACKWAY
. I am apprentice to Mr. Capel, of Old-street. I produce a counterpane, pledged on the 13th of February, by a man, in the name of John Cooper—I do not know who he was—this is the duplicate that was given for it.

Cross-examined. Q. It was a man pawned it? A. Yes, or I should not have put John on the ticket—it might have been a boy.





ALICE BETTS
. These are my counterpane and other articles, which I let with the room to the male prisoner—I saw this candlestick at the old iron shop, at the corner of the street.





WILLIAM BAKER ASHTON
 (police-constable G 11.) I apprehended the male prisoner—he delivered up the duplicates of this property and other things at the station-house.





THOMAS HENRY HARRISON
. I am shopman to Mr. Brooks, No. 10, White-cross-street,

I produce a sheet pawned by a woman, whom I believe to be the female prisoner.





ALICE BETTS
. This was let with the room.





WILLIAM BAKER ASHTON
. I found seven duplicates on the side-board, which he said were his sister's—I then went to the station-house, and asked if there were not any more duplicates relating to Mrs. Betts—he said if I would go to the room and look again, and come to him again, he would see—I could not go there again—he then said something to the boy, and then handed these duplicates to me.

Thomas East. Avery said that there was a light in the room, and when they were coming. I put the light out, and there was no light but the fire, nor had there been all the evening.





GEORGE AVERY
. I stated that when we went to his house, he was denied—we were told there was no such person—then we went to another person and inquired, and he said he was there—we went back to the house again—I said, it is no use playing with us, the man is in the house, and we will have him—I went up-stairs and saw a light over a door, and I said, "He is here you may depend upon it"—we knocked, but there was no answer. and there was an apron hung over the fan light—I broke the door open, and the male prisoner was there—I was surrounded by three or four woman—I called Ashton, who took the prisoner—I said to Mrs. Betts, "Now, for a thousand, you are robbed"—we took down the bedstead, and every thing was gone—the bed was rolled up ready to be taken away.





ALICE BETTS
. He had come down that evening, and borrowed a bed winch, and that was found at a friend of his who recommended him to that lodging—I did not know I was robbed till the officers came there.

THOMAS EAST—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.—



Both Transported Seven Years more.
