



1175. 




WILLIAM ARMSTRONG
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of October, 1 ewe, price 2l.; the property of 



Thomas Hill—2nd COUNT, for killing, with intent to steal the carcase.






GEORGE HITCHCOCK
. I am shepherd to Thomas Hill, a farmer, living at Pinner. On the 1st of October last I missed a ewe sheep out of a field called Lower-hill, about nine o'clock in the morning—I had seen it safe the night before—I cannot say exactly at what time—I looked about the field, and found the skin of it—I know it by a mark on the near side, H, and a fleur-de-lis—it had not been killed in a butcher-like way—several bits of skin were left in the flesh—I went that evening to a blacksmith's shop at Pinner, kept by Samuel Deer—I found a sack there, and watched all night, thinking the person would come for it, but nobody came—on the following morning I was present when the sack was examined, and in it were two smock-frocks, two shoulders of mutton, and the neck and breast—I afterwards fitted the mutton to the skin, and it corresponded with it, and had formed part of the sheep—I looked at the smock-frocks, but knew nothing of them—they were bloody—they laid on the mutton—I know the prisoner, but do not know how he was employed.





JOSEPH HIGGS
. I am a constable of Pinner. I was set to watch the blacksmith's shop, after the sack had been found there, and the next morning I opened the sack and found two smock-frocks—I produce one of them, which I had seen several days before on the prisoner's back, and even on the Saturday night as the sheep was stolen on the Sunday morning—the first time I saw it on him was on the 25th of September, when I had occasion

to speak to him—I noticed this blue mark on it—I was talking to him for a quarter of an hour then, and I do not think there was a night missing but what I saw him pass my door in the same frock—I am able to swear that is the frock he had on the Saturday night before the robbery—there was blood on it when it was found, and on the other also—it has been in my possession ever since—on finding it I made search for the prisoner the same day, Monday—he had been at work at that time on the Birmingham railroad for several months, and lived on the common—I searched for him every where I thought it likely to find him, but could not—I never saw him at Pinner afterwards—in consequence of information I went to the Western railroad, on Wednesday, the 4th of April, and found him at work there, about thirteen or fourteen miles from Pinner—on seeing me, he immediately left his work of pile-driving, and ran away—I followed him for nearly four miles, hallooing "Stop thief"—at last a woman called "Stop thief," and her son, William Smith, stopped him—I had not spoken to him, nor said any thing about what I wanted to take him for—there is no mark, except the blue mark, by which I know the frock—the other frock has no blue mark.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not drink with me on the Monday night? A. No, I did not see you.

Prisoner, He asked me to have a pinch of snuff, and I gave him part of my beer. Witness. It is not true—I saw him on Tuesday at Pinner-green, but he jumped over the corner of the table, and went out before I could get hold of him.

COURT. Q. Did he owe you any money? A. Six and sixpence—I had not asked him for it—he was dressed in a smock-frock when I took him.





JOHN KERLEY
. I am a thresher, and live at Pinner. On the 25th of September I had some conversation with the prisoner—I saw him in a little yard belonging to a beer-shop, alongside my orchard—I was talking to him for five or ten minutes, and noticed he had a white smock-frock on, marked with a spot on the arm—it was very much like this one—here is the blue spot, and I had seen him go by my house, about a week before, with a frock marked with a blue spot—this is very much like it—I think it is the same frock.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I live in the parish of Hayes. I heard a cry of "Stop thief" from my mother—I saw the prisoner running away, and I ran after him, nearly three quarters of a mile, and at last took him—I said, "You must go back along with me"—he said, "What for?"—I said, "I think you have been and taken something from my mother's house"—he said, "No, I have not"—I said, "You must go back with me and see"—he went back with me, and we met Higgs, the constable—I asked him what he had been at, as the constable was after him, and he said, "The constable is going to take me for sheep-stealing"—this was before I saw Higgs.





WILLIAM SMITH TOOTELL
. I am clerk to the Justice. I attended the examination—the prisoner made a statement, which I took down—it was read over to him, and he signed it—this is signed by the Justice—(read)—"The prisoner says, The constable told me, on the Friday before I left Pinner, that if I did not pay 6s. 6d. I owed before Monday, he should take me into custody—I never had but two smock frocks—this is one I have on, and another, which opened down the front with two buttons—I was in at Mrs. Godwin's on Monday, and had a pint of beer—she told me Mr. Hill had lost a sheep, but it could not be me, as I had got my smock frock

on, as some mutton had been found at Young's, with a smock frock—I left Pinner on Tuesday evening—my other frock was very much torn, and I gave it to a young man who bought rags—the frock I have on I bought since; the other one my brother bought for me, at Mr. Webbs's at pinner—he did not buy it for me particularly, but wore it a fewdays, and then gave it to me—I was at Godwin's from half-past nine to ten o'clock at night—I went home to sleep, and went to various places"





SOPHIA GODWIN
. My husband keeps a beer-shop, at Pinner. The prisoner came there on the Monday evening after Hill's sheep was stolen—I do not remember saying any thing to him at all—he was dressed in a smock frock—I never took any notice of the frock he wore—as he came in at the front door, I said to my husband, "Why, here is Armstrong, but he has got his smock on"—I was in the kitchen—the prisoner was not a very great way from me—I spoke to my husband, not to the prisoner—he might have heard me.

Prisoner. When she brought me a pint of beer, she said it could not he me, for I had a smock frock on. Witness. I noticed it to my husband, but cannot remember whether I said any thing to him.





SAMUEL DEER
 (examined by the prisoner.) I have not seen the prisoner at Pinner since this robbery—he has not come and spoken to me at my shop door—the sack was found in a loft above my shoeing-house, on the Sunday night.




GUILTY
. Aged 19—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
