





1599. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     AINSWORTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of May
, one 10l. Bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Grant
                  




               
            ; against the Statute.
WILLIAM GRANT. I am a serjeant in the 1st Battalion of the 1st Guards
. On the 30th of May, I received a 10l. Bank note from Serjeant Brooks' to get change -I went to Mr. Pitt's, but he had not the sort of change I wanted; the note was then given to the prisoner to get change at the next house, Mr. Morrison's, a baker: he went there, returned, and said he could not get it there, but they had referred him to a place at the top of the street, where by making use of their name, he might get it - I believe he mentioned the person's name, and said he could have as much change as he liked; Mr. Pitt sent him there to get it, and he never returned - this was on a Wednesday, and on the Saturday afterwards I saw him in custody.
Prisoner. Q. Can you remember what I said when I came back? A. Yes - nothing was said about leaving the note and calling again.
COURT. Q. Was any authority given him to leave that note in pessession of any other person? A. No; I waited ten minutes, and then I left word with Mr. Pitt, that if he came he was to leave word at the barracks gate, as I had to attend parade - I went afterwards to Mr. Pitt, and found he had not returned.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PITT
               



            . I keep the George public-house, in Castle-street, Leicester-square


. The prisoner had been brought to my house by a corporal of the Coldstreams, as a recruit
; when the serjeant came to me for the change of the 10l. note, I could not give it him - I said my son and my man were both out, but this young man had been brought to me as a recruit, and if he chose, I would send him next door - it was agreed to: he went, returned, and said Mr. Morrison could not give change, but if he went to the hotel in the street, in their name, he could get it; the serjeant and I consulted for a moment, and we agreed to let him go: he went and did not return - I followed him down to Oxford, but he could not he found; and when I returned on the Saturday, a serjeant of the Fusileer guards had detained him: he begged not to be brought to my house, and he was taken to another public-house -I went to him there, and asked where the 10l. note was; he said if I would wait till night he would make it good - I asked what money he had to give me; he said two half-crowns, but at the station 3l. 15s. 9d. was found on him, in my presence.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not offer to leave the note, and go and see if they had change? A. No.


                  GEORGE 
                  DISMORE
               



             (Police-constable 15 A). I took the prisoner at a public-house in Whitcombe-street - I found the 3l. 15s. 9d. on him, a pair of gloves, a pair of stockings, and two pairs of spectacles.


                  ANN 
                  MORRISON
               



            . I live with my father, John Morrison, in Castle-street, Leicester-square, next door to Mr. Pitt. On the 30th of May such a man as the prisoner came for change for a note - I cannot be positive that he was the person; I said I could not give change, but I did not direct him to go any where for change - I was there the whole of that day, and saw but one man come for change.
GEORGE DISMORE. As I was taking the prisoner to the station, he said he should not attempt to deny it; and when before the Magistrate he said he had received the note from Mr. Pitt, and had met some person to whom he owed some money, who had threatened that if he did not pay them they would hand him over to the Police, and not knowing what to do, he had absconded with the remainder of the money.
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Pitt stated before the Magistrate that I had offered to leave the note, and I considered that a superior point in my favour; as to my making the statement the officer represents, I deny it altogether - I know I received it, but without any intention to steal; I met a man to whom I owed a sum of money, for which he demanded payment; I requested him to take a part of the money, which he did, but I told Mr. Pitt that there was a person or two coming from Manchester who would be of service to me, and I should he able to repay it - after I had paid the money I went to Knightsbridge, feeling conscious that I should be able to make up the money on Sunday.
JURY to MR. PITT. Q. When the prisoner came from Morrison did he return the note? A. Yes; he put it on the counter, and said Miss Morrison could not change it, but he might use their name at the hotel.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not say I might possibly do it by making use of their names? A. No; you said if you made use of their names you could get it, and I woundered why my name was not as good as their's.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
