





1545. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MILLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of August
, 1 fender, value 8s. 6d., and 1 boiler, value 2s. 3d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Chamberlain
                  




               
            .
THOMAS CHAMBERLAIN. I am a broker
. On the 20th of August I left my house to attend a funeral at half-past one o'clock - I returned near eight in the evening; I then found these articles had been taken, and two other boilers - my shop is No. 38, Lower Sloane street


; I had known the prisoner when he was in the college - he was turned out from there; I traced this boiler and fender - I know they are mine.


                  MARK 
                  HOLDER
               



            . I am a sawyer. On the night of the 20th of August I stood at my door, No. 53, Lower Sloane-street - the prisoner came by with the fender on his shoulder; he said he bought it for 5s., but I should have it for 3s. 6d. - I gave him 3s., and told him to call in half an hour and he should have the 6d.


                  LUCY 
                  GROOM
               



            . I bought this boiler of the prisoner, and put it into my window - I believe he is the man; I had a slight idea of his face before - it was either on Thursday or Friday; the Policeman took the boiler.


                  HENRY 
                  BARTON
               



            . I am a Policeman. The prosecutor came to me and said he had seen part of his property in a shop, and they would not give it up; I went and got it.


                  JOHN 
                  RIDLER
               



            . I received the fender from the witness; the prisoner said he hoped I would speak a word in his favour.
Prisoner's Defence. I was turned out of the college for disobedience of orders, and smoking in the ward - I was going down the road, and met a man, who asked me to buy these things, and get 1s. or 2s. by them, and I should have them for 10s.; I said, "I will give you 8s.," and he took it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 49. - 


               Transported for Seven years
            .
