





2073. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of August
, 1 silver spoon, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Davis 
                           Pritchard
                        



                     
                  ; 3 silver spoons, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Hedge
                        



                     
                  ; and 2 silver spoons, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Dorothy 
                           Hedge
                        



.


                  EDWARD 
                  HAINES
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Davis Pritchard
               



            , of Davies-street, Marylebone


. On the morning of the 20th of August I went down into the area; I looked through the window into the kitchen, and saw the prisoner endeavouring to make his escape by a door thatleads to the kitchen stairs - I set a boy to watch, and in about a quarter of an hour I saw the prisoner running up the area steps; I pursued, and stopped him - I asked him if he had any property; he said he had not - he was searched, and a spoon of Mr. Pritchard's found on him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FLAXMAN
               



             (Police-constable D 29). I went to Mr. Pritchard's shop, and found all these spoons on the prisoner, round his waist, between his shirt and his skin, in a leather strap.
GEORGE HEDGE. I lodge at Mr. Pritchard's. This table-spoon is mine; these other two are my mother's, and here are two others, which I cannot swear to, as they have no mark on them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.* - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
