





1052. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     KNIGHT
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for embezzlement
            .


                     THOMAS 
                     CHRISTY
                  




               
            . I am a hat-manufacturer
, and live in Gracechurch-street


 - I have three partners. The prisoner was six years in our employ as porter
, and was authorised laterly to receive small sums of money under the direction of one of our warehousemen, to whom he was to account daily for what he received; Cockin and Gibbons were coustomers of ours; this was discovered on checking over the books.


                  JOHN 
                  COCKIN
               



            . I am a starch-manufacturer. On the 26th of August I owed the prosecutors 2l. 8s., which I paid to the prisoner that day; here is his receipt for it. dated the 26th of August - I saw him write it - (read) - I knew him from his having delivered goods several times; this amount was afterwards demanded, and I produced the receipt.



                  RICHARD 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am an ironmonger, and live in Redcross-street. Twenty-seven shillings were paid from our till on account of Mr. Gibbons, my partner, but I cannot say who to; I have the receipt here - it is dated the 25th of September, 1829 - (read.)


                  JOHN 
                  LART
               



            . I live in Wood-street. About the 6th of January I paid the prisoner 1l. 17s. 6d. for Messrs. Christy's - he wrote "Received, 
               C. 
            Knight," On this bill.


                  JOHN 
                  NEWTON PAYNE
               



            . I am clerk to the prosecutors'. The prisoner was to account to me daily for what he received; he has never accounted for 2l. 8s. received from Cockin on the 26th of August - I believe this receipt of the 25th of September to be his writing; he never brought this 1l. 7s. to account; nor the 1l. 17s. 6d. from Lart - I believe this receipt to be his hand-writing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
