



1654. 




JOHN BARNETT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st June, 10 yard of printed muslin, value 5l. 18s. 8 yards of cloth, called challing value 1l. 16s.; 48 years of silk, called gossamer, value 6l., 16s.; and 15 sticks value 4l. the foods of 



Thomas Fardell; and that he had been before convicted fo felony—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 


Thomas Ovington and another.






JOHN WARREN
. I am a carman in the employ of Mr. Fardell. I drove his cart on the 21st of June with a parcel contaning these attlces, which I brought from my master's office, No. 35, Leadenhall-street, and was going to rake to the Brunswick Wharf, Blackwall—at half-puast seven o'clock I was going along the Commercial-road, and heard one of the prisoner's comrades whistle—I looked over my shoulder, and saw the prisoner getting off the shats with this parcel—he ran across the road, and droppped it—I ran after him, and Smith took upo the parcel—the prisoner ran three quarter of a mile before I took him, but I was close behind him, and so was taken in my presence.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Where were you? A. By the side of my horses—I was no great from the shafts—it was quite light—I did not see any body till I heard the whitatle—Smith was behind the wagon—I chased the prisoner three quarters of a mile round streets and courts, but I was close to him—he was never out of my sight—there were a great number of persons about—he was quite a stranger to me, but I can swear he is the man—I have got scolded for losing goods before, and have had to pay for them.

COURT. Q. How far were you from the prisoner? A. Two or three yards.





GEORGE SMITH
. I was with Warren—I was behind the wagon—I did not see any one jump from the shafts, but I saw the prisoner the instant he had jumped down—he had this parcel—he ran across and dropped it—I took it up and went to the wagon, and kept it till the policeman came and took it of me.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw this but for a minutes? A. Yes, while he ran across the road—he ran very nimbly—I did not join in the chase—I look up the parcel.





JOHN FRESHWATER
 (police-constable K 146.) I saw a great number of person—I ran down and met his man is a passage—Warren had got

hold of him, and said he had robbed the wagon of a parcel—I took him to the station-house.





WILLIAM BOYES
 (police-constable K 146.) I went and took this parcel from Smith—iot conatins the articles stated.





BENJAMIN ROFE
. I am in the service of Thomas Ovinton and another, of Cheapside. I know these to be our goods—they were sent to the General Steam Navigation Company's office, in Leadenhall-stree.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you send the name sort of goods every day A. Yes—I know them by their appearance—I have the order for them, which I know was executed—the party is not here who packed them up





THOMAS FARDELL
. I am a carman. This paprcel was taken from Leadenhall-street—I am resposible for it.

Cross-examined. Q. Whether this was in you cart you never know A. No.





ROBERT PATTISON
 (City police-constable 84.) I produce a certifcate of the prisoner's former conviction whcih I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 26—


Transported for Fourteen years.
