



1544. 




MARY ANN BIGWELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of June, 2 sovereigns, 2 shillings, and 1 £10 Bank note, the monies and property of 



Henry Hall, her master, in his dwelling-house.






HENRY HALL, ESQ
. I live in Langham-place, in the parish of Saint Mary-lebone—the prisoner was my under housemaid for two months. On Wednesday, the 31st of May, I placed a purse, containing a £10 note, a £5 note, two or three sovereigns, and some silver, on my dressing-table in my bed-room previous to going to bed—I missed a £10 note on Friday morning when I left my bed-room and came to my dressing-room to dress—the prisoner had access to that room in the course of her duty—I first missed the £10 note, and afterwards the sovereigns and silver, finding only the £5 note remaining—I had received the note from Hammersleys, my bankers, on the 30th.





RICHARD ACOTT
. I am butler to Mr. Hall. On Friday, the 2nd of June, my master told me of his loss—I mentioned, when the servants were altogether, and the prisoner was present, that master had lost a £10 note out of his purse in his dressing-room—they all denied all knowledge of it—the prisoner made no observation at all—on the Saturday evening, about seven o'clock, she came to me in the pantry, and asked me if master had found his money—I said he had not—she was in her working dress then—I saw her again about half past ten o'clock dressed in her best clothes—I let her into the house, I did not know she had been out—on the Sunday, while she was at church, I went up stairs to her drawer with the housekeeper, and found a good many new clothes, and among them some bills of different tradesmen, and one from Mr. Gotobed.





JOHN CANE
. I am shopman to Mr. Gotobed, of Great Marylebone-street On Saturday night, the 3rd of June, between nine and ten o'clock, the prisoner came and purchased some goods—she tendered a £10 note—I saw the change given to her—this is the bill I gave her—it amounts to 21. 12s. 9d.; —I put the note into the till—it was taken out on Monday morning, and handed over to the policeman—there was no other £10 note there—it must have been the one she gave me.





THOMAS HARRISON
. I am a policeman. I produce the note, and the new things which were found in the prisoner's drawers, also a purse, four sovereigns, two sixpences, and 1s. 3d. in copper.





MARMADUKE PYBUS
. I am a clerk in the house of Hammersley. Mr. Hall keeps cash there—on Tuesday, the 30th of May, I paid this note to him.
(Amelia Newland the prisoner's aunt; and George Greenhill, an artist, gave her prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Life.—(Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury in consequence of the temptation, and her previous good character.)
