





134. 




JOSEPH FISHER PERKINS
 was again indicted for

 stealing a variety of articles of jewellery, to the value of 339l. 16s., the goods of 



John Richard Morton, his master; and 




EMMA CEPHISA THORNLEY, alias
 Perkins




. for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






WILLIAM MOSLEY
. I am agent to John Richard Morton. We missed a great deal of property, and I spoke to Perkins on the subject—I asked him for six brigate watch-keys, and a pair of cameo bracelets and comb—he said he knew nothing of them—he denied all knowledge of every thing I asked him about—on the 18th, he was taken into custody—I told him I suspected him of robbing me—Baylis the officer took a key from his pocket, and I proceeded with him to the prisoner's house in Carter-street, Walworth, and found some property (producing it) I have examined the whole of this property, and in my judgment it is Mr. Morton's, some of them are marked—I find among it the cameo bracelets, and a pair of combs which I had particularly inquired of him about, but not the keys—there are some things I can positively swear to—in consequence of information I went to the Pantheon in Oxford-street—I found, on her stand, property to the amount of about 200l., which I claim, that is here—there are articles of jewellery any things amongst

them—I can positively swear to these pencils with the name of Morton stamped on them, but most of them have the name partly erased—I told her these goods were in our warehouse within a month, and I was sure they had not been regularly sold—at least I had not seen any account of them—she said she could produce invoices that her husband bought them at Birmingham—I addressed her by the name of Standford, and she answered to that name—I told her who I was, and gave her my card—on my doing so, she said she did not know me—I had never seen her at my house, I had seen her at Carter-street, when I engaged Mr. Perkins, but had no conversation with her—I inquired she did not know Mr. Perkins? she said no, she did not, and said, "Who is Mr. Perkins?"—I told her he was a young person who went round to sell goods for Mr. Morton—she said the might have bought some, and might know such a person—I do not remember any thing more passing—here is the book in which it was the male prisoner's duty to enter what he sold—here is an entry of goods sold to Mrs. Stanford on the 31st of October—I found some articles at the stand corresponding with that entry—I left those things on the stand, and took possession of the rest, amounting to full 200l.—I did not take her into custody then—I went to Carter-street the same evening, but did not find her there—I went again the nest morning, and took her into custody there—the male prisoner was then in custody—I found an elderly man named Godfrey in the house, and found more property there of Mr. Morton's—when I first engaged the male prisoner he went there with us, and the female prisoner opened the door to us; she went by the name of Perkins there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. The prisoner, I believe, passed as a married man in your service? A. Yes; he said the female prisoner was his wife, when he took Mr. Morton and myself there—the name of Morton is to be seen on these pencils, but not so plainly as on others—Perkins had the power of selling things, but not without inquiring of me whether I agreed as to the parties respectability—he was not our agent—he might sell to any body for ready money—I did not find much property at his house when I went there and found the woman—it was a small package of the same description of goods as I found before—I found them in her trunk, which was locked—Baylis got the key from her—there was no difficulty in putting these articles away—I had told her the day before before that I suspected the goods on her counter were stolen.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Was the expression used to her, that they had been stolen or improperly sold? A. I said I suspected they had been improperly obtained—I told her nothing about Carter-street—she said she was innocent.





WILLIAM PAYNE
. I am clerk to the proprietors of the Bazaar in Oxford-street. The female prisoner applied for a stand there on the 1st of October, and gave the name of Emma Standford—it is usual to give references—(looking at a paper) these are the references she gave, but no inquiry was made—she took possession of the stand on the 6th of October—one of the persons referred to is Mr. J. Perkins, Carter-street, Walworth—she gave six references, but we did not inquire of either of them—I produce some articles, which were claimed by Mr. Morton.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you allow manufacturers to have stands in the Bazaar? A. Yes, we do—I have no doubt the persons in the Bazaar would deal with a manufacturer who had a stand there—I did not know Perkins at all—there was no concealment in the transaction—she conducted herself respectably while there.






RICHARD MORRIS
. I am a policeman. I was present when the male prisoner was taken into custody on a charge of bigamy on the 25th of July, 1834—the female prisoner went with him, from No, 11, Carter-street—Mr. Trail, the Magistrate, examined her as a witness—she refused to give evidence at first, but I threatened to commit her—I do not think she was sworn—she was taken very unwell at the time—she had the opportunity of knowing what he was charged with—a person was there who was said to be his first wife—she was the complainant.





JOSEPH GODFREY
. I was present at the marriage of the male and female prisoner at St. Peter's Church, Walworth, in July, 1834, on or about the 17th—I attended at Union Hall, when there was a charge of bigamy—I did not see the first wife there—I have seen her within this week—she is living, and goes by the name of Perkins—I was examined as a witness on the trial at Guildford, the latter end of July, or the beginning of August.

MR. ROPER, from the office of Mr. Straight, Deputy-clerk of the Arraigns of the Home Circuit, produced a indictment, charging Perkins with having, on the 16th of July, married Emma Cephisa Thornley, his former wife being then alive; upon which indictment was entered, "Jurors say, Guilty; judgment, Three Months in the House of Correction;" which memorandum was made by the officer of the Court at the time of the trial.





JOSEPH GODFREY

re-examined. I was examined at the trial, having been a witness to the second marriage.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What are you? A. I now act as a waiter—I have known the female prisoner seven or eight years—I never heard any thing against her—I was in Carter-street when the officers went there.





SARAH HASTLER
. I keep a stand at the Pantheon. I bought several things of the male prisoner at the latter end of October—many of the articles here entered to Thornley I bought of him, and paid him for them.
(Edward Taylor, of Crosby-row, Walworth, and James Ford, of Hampton-street, deposed to Perkin's good character.)

PERKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.

THORNLEY—


NOT GUILTY
.
There was another indictment against Perkins, 

for stealing goods amounting to 14l.; to which he pleaded.




GUILTY
.



Transported for Fourteen Years.
