





2331. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of September
, 13 shillings, and 2 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Harris
               




            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a horse-keeper
, and live at Clapton. On Sunday morning, the 23rd of September, I was in town with King; we came from Clapton at ten o'clock the night before, to buy something, and walked about till three in the morning, when we met the prisoner and another girl; we went with them to a house in Wentworth-street


: we all went into one bed together - I fell asleep, and awoke a little after four o'clock; I had some money in my trousers pocket, which I had left on the table when I went to bed - at four O'clock King called me, and said he missed the prisoner, who had been his girl, out of bed; she was gone - I had not seen her go; my girl was still in bed - I looked and missed 14s. and a purse out of my trousers pockets; King went and got an officer - I had counted my money, before I went to bed, when I gave 1s. 6d. to the girl; I had lost the purse and money - my friend had given the prisoner 1s. 6d.


                  HUGH 
                  KING
               



            . I am a ostler. I came up with the prosecutor to buy a few things; we fell in with the two girls: I paid the prisoner 1s. 6d. - we all four went to bed together; I went to sleep: when I awoke the prisoner was gone - I had some suspicion, and awoke the prosecutor; I had put my money in my breeches in a chair, and it was safe - I gave the alarm, and the prisoner was taken in about half an hour; we were not drunk.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GREEN
               



             (Police-constable H 61). I received information from King; I went up to the room - I knew the prisoner lodged there, but she was gone; I got further information, and went to a house fifty or sixty yards off - I knocked at the door, and heard the window open; I staid some time, and the prisoner opened the door - I went in, and found this purse, and this money in it on the stone of the window; she said, "For God's sake, give him the money" - I said, "I don't do business in that way;" I took her into custody.
SAMUEL HARRIS. This is my purse; I made it myself.
Prisoner's Defence. I was not sober; I picked up the purse.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
