






Before Mr. Justice Alderson.
94. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HODGSKINS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of December
, 3 petticoats, value 4s.; 2 shifts, value 1s.; 1 towel, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s., and 1 apron, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Fowler
                        



                     
                  ; 1 gown, value 8s.; 1 towel, value 1s.; 3 pairs of stocking-legs, value 6d., and 1 apron, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Wilcox
                        



.


                  MARGARET 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I am the wife of William Fowler - we live in Starr-street, Paddington


. On the 1st of December all this linen hung in my garden - I saw it safe at half-past six o'clock in the evening, and missed it about half-past seven; I found it next morning, in the possession of the Police - I have seen Davis lurking about my shop.


                  SUSAN 
                  WILCOX
               



            . I am the wife of Daniel Wilcox, and lodge at Fowler's. I saw my linen in the yard after twelve o'clock, and missed it at eight - I found the stocking-legs and towel in the possession of the Police.


                  RICHARD 
                  ADCOCK
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was in Edgware-road, and saw the prisoners come out of Market-street, a few minutes before seven o'clock; Hodgskins had something hanging out of his jacket pocket, and Davis had something in his hat - I pursued them; Hodgskins turned round, saw me, and called out Police! he ran off; I crossed over, hit Davis over the head with a stick, and knocked his hat off, in which were three pairs of stocking-legs; and a towel in his bosom; I found a towel round his waist, and an apron, and in his pocket a clothes line - I deseribed Hodgskins to a Policeman; he was apprehended on Monday night, and I pointed him out as the man - I am certain they were both together; something white hung out of Hodgskins' breast, but I could not discern what it was - I knew him before.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Davis' Defence. I have not been near Paddington-market this two months - the Policeman swears false; I live over the water.
Hodgskins' Defence. It is quite false to say I was with Davis; I was a contrary road that night - Davis knows I was not with him; I live a few doors from the market.


                  RICHARD 
                  ADCOCK
               



            . I am certain of him - I have known them both this five months; they are always about Paddington-market - Davis lives at the corner of the market, in Broad-street.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
HODGSKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
