



1457. 




MICHAEL GODWIN
 was indicted

for embezzlement.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN LEESON
. I am a builder, living at Branston, in Northamptonshire. On the 4th of January, last year, I paid the prisoner 6l. 11s. for stones—here is the receipt he gave me—I knew the stones belonged to Messrs. Pickford, and paid him the money on their account—the receipt is not stamped.

Cross-examined by
MR. KEENE. Q. Did you ever have any transaction with him before? A. Yes—I have known him twelve months—I never heard any thing against him—I have paid him money for carriage.





WILLIAM HAYNES
. I live at Norton-Wharf, Northamptonshire. On the 5th of January, this year, I paid the prisoner 28l. 15s. 3 1/2 d. on account of his masters.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you in the service of the prosecutors? A. Yes, I am wharfinger for them at Norton, and have known the prisoner eight years—I never heard any thing against him.





WILLIAM DELER
. I am a farmer, living at Willoughby, in Warwickshire. On the 9th of March I paid the prisoner 34l. 10s. for manure which I bought of him on account of the prosecutors.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you had any previous money transactions with him? A. Yes, once or twice—he behaved honestly with me.





THOMAS DEWHURST
. I am a cashier in the service of Pickford and Co., in the City-road. The prisoner was in their employ, and had been so eight or nine years, as their agent at Branston—it was his duty to return a balance of cash in hand weekly to the town establishment in the City-road, and to enter in his cash-book an account of his receipts and disbursements—his accounts were always squared—I could detect no errors according to the accounts he furnished—after the 7th of April I turned over the weekly accounts he had furnished—there are no entries of 34l. 10s., 28l., or 6l. 11s.—I have since seen his cash-book, and examined it—he never advised us of having received these sums.





BENJAMIN MYTTON
. I am managing clerk in the prosecutors' service. In consequence of irregularities my employers had determined to dismiss the prisoner, but did not suspect him of this charge—on the 7th of April I went down to Branston—I found him in the counting-house early in the morning—I said I was extremely sorry to inform him that I had come down on very unpleasant business, and that the concern wished me to

take possession of the agency, and begged him at once to go into his accounts with me—he became considerably agitated—I waited some time for him to recover himself—he then asked if I would allow him to go and have his breakfast, and he would return and go into the matter with me—I allowed him to go—he did not return, but absconded—he was apprehended in London on the 30th of May—I saw him once before, by accident—his salary was 90l. a-year, with house-rent, coals, &c.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was it that you spoke to him? A. In the office that belongs to Mr. Pickford—there was a cash-box in the drawer, and cash in it, which I took possession of; there was 15l. in loose cash, and two smaller sums in parcels—about 21l. altogether





JAMES HUSON
. I have looked into the prisoner's accounts subsequent to this transaction, and find the prosecutors are in his debt about 1l., according to his showing, not accounting for any of these sums—they are all this money out of pocket, except 1l.





MATTHEW PEAK
. I am a policeman. In consequence of information I apprehended the prisoner, on the 30th of May, in the New North-road—I told him it was for embezzling sums of money—he said he knew nothing about it.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you take him? A. About a quarter of a mile from Mr. Pickford's wharf—he was going that way.




GUILTY. Aged 35.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury on account of his good character.
—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Littledale.

