






395. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GROOM
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAILEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December
, 24 deals, value 4l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lucas
                  




               
            .
THOMAS BAULSOM. I am foreman to John Lucas, a timber-merchant
, at the City-road bason


. These deals were on the wharf; I had seen them safe in the after part of the day - I did not miss them till the next day, when a Policeman gave me information, and produced twenty-four; the prisoners worked for a builder at Paddington, and they assisted to load a boat that day for their employer's, but had nothing to do with these deals - Bailey was captain of the vessel
.


                  JOHN 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I was applied to to have the deals landed at my wharf - I am a wharfinger; Bailey brought the deals to me - I did not see Groom; a man named Pike had applied to me; the deals were landed with my permission - I had occasion to go out of the yard; I returned in two hours, and the Policeman asked me if I knew any thing of them - I said not; Bailey came to my house about half-past eight o'clock that evening, and asked me if the deals had been taken away; I said they had - he said he was sorry for that, for if he had known it, they should not have been taken away, as the person he had sold them to had appointed to meet him at the Wheatsheaf, to pay him for them; I asked him two or three questions - he said he had loaded his boat at Limehouse; I asked if it was from a ship or boat; he said partly from both, and he was to take them to Paddington, for a master builder.


                  ROBERT 
                  SIMMONDS
               



            . I am a bricklayer. Pike came to me, having a small quantity of deals to sell: I went to the wharf, and both the prisoners were present - they said they had a small quantity of deals to sell; I said when they were landed, if they suited me, I would buy them - they were landed, and I had no money in my pocket, and gave him my address where to call for the money: both the prisoners dealt with them as their own, and the deals were afterwards claimed by the prosecutor.


                  RICHARD 
                  NORTH
               



            , I am a sawyer. I was standing at King's-cross one morning, and Groom asked if I knew who would buy any deals, as he had some to sell; I said I knew no body but Mr. Brewer - I went to Mr. Brewer with him; he declined buying them - Pike and Mr. Simmonds went up to the wharf, and landed them; I loaded them in a cart, by Simmond's direction, and unloaded them - Bailey was not present.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBB KING
               



            . I produce the deals - threeskeleton-keys were found on Bailey, and seventeen in the cabin of their boat.


                  THOMAS 
                  BAULSOM
               



            . These are part of the deals stolen from the wharf; I do not know how many I lost, but these twenty-four belong to Mr. Lucas - other things were stolen - these were a parcel of odd deals, which stood at the end of the wharf, and some of them have my own figures on them; I have made some calculations on them - I swear to them positively.
GROOM - 

               GUILTY
            .* Aged 29.
BAILEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
