



2064. 




CATHERINE SOPHIA NISBET, alias
 Salisbury,

 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of June, 1 shawl, value 16s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 15s.; 1 sheet, value 3s.; 1 shift, value 1s. 6d.; 1 cloak, value 10s.; 1 veil, value 7s.; 2 petticoats, value 1s. 6d.; 1 frock, value 1s.; 2 shirts, value 2s. 6d.; 2 pinafores, value 2s.; 1 tippet, value 1s.; 1 plume of feathers, value 5s.; 1 trunk, value 3s.; 1 sovereign, and 11 shillings; the goods and monies of 



Julia Dorman.






JULIA DORMAN
. I have been a muffin and crumpet maker, but have left that about two years—I worked at my needle till within the last few months, but have now taken a house of accommodation—my husband is a stone-mason—he was sent out of the country five years ago, and I have not seen him since—he was transported—the prisoner came to ask to lodge with me about sixteen weeks ago—I told her I did not want a lodger—she said she had no where to go—I said she might stop, and soon after she was taken very ill—she could not get into the hospital for better than a fortnight—I did what I could for her, and after she got into the hospital I gave her money to pay for things—she came out on the 18th of June, and on the 18th I asked her to mend a frock for me—I left her at home for about twenty minutes—when I came back I went to my trunk to get some money, but the trunk was gone and the money too—the trunk contained the articles stated—this is my petticoat (looking at it)—she had paid me nothing at all.





ELIZABETH BEADER
. I live with my father in Peter's-alley, Shoreditch, next door but one to the prosecutrix—on the 18th of June, about half-past twelve o'clock in the day, I saw the prisoner with a little boy, who had a box on his head—she was helping him with it in Wheeler-street.





JAMES LOTT
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner in the Strand on another charge—I found nothing on her myself—this petticoat was taken off her at Featherstone-street station-house, but not in my presence.





JULIA DORMAN

re-examined. The female searcher took the petticoat off her, but in the street she untied it herself, and it dropped off her—I was present—the gown she has on now was in the trunk, but that belongs to her.




GUILTY
.* Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
