





510. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PAYNE
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for embezzlement
            .


                     SAMUEL 
                     CHARLESWORTH
                  




               
            . I am a grocer
, and live in Shoreditch


. The prisoner was my porter
 between two and three months - it was his duty to receive money on my account when he took out goods; the bills of parcels were sent out with the goods, and he was to bring me the money as soon as he returned.


                  HARRIET 
                  JEANES
               



            . I live in South-place, Islington. I dealt with the prosecutor for grocery - I paid the prisoner a bill of 4l. on the 23rd of December, for his master; he gave me this memerandum; (read) "Received 4l., 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Payne
               



            ."


                  GEORGE 
                  COLLIER
               



            . I am an officer, and took the prisoner.


                  CHARLES 
                  POWELL
               



            . I deal with the prosecutor. I paid the prisoner 1l. 8s. 4d. on account of his master, on the 23rd of December - he gave me this receipt; (read) "Received 1l. 8s. 4d., 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Payne
               



            ."


                  JOHN 
                  HOLLIS
               



            . I paid the prisoner 7l. 5s. 10d., on the 23rd of December, on account of his master - he gave me these receipts - (read).
Prisoner. I did not sign those bills - my master did, and I took them. Witness. Yes, it was so.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CHARLESWORTH
               



            . On the 23rd of December the prisoner went out with these goods - I expected him to return, but I never saw him again till the 25th of January - he had given me no notice to leave; he never accounted to me for these sums of money.
Prisoner's Defence. I lost 6l. 10s. out of a hole in my fob; the prosecutor told my father if I would return he would not give charge of me - I returned, and said I would work the money out if he would employ me.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CHARLESWORTH
               



            . I had employed an officer to look for him, who could not find him any where; I have known his father many years, and he brought the prisoner to me, giving me a reference to a lady in Doughty-street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
