



2303. 




GEORGE MEYERS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
4th of October, 1 bag, value 2d.; 1 sovereign, and 6 half-crowns; the goods and monies of 



William Hedges, the younger, from his person.






WILLIAM HEDGES, JUN
. I am a bargeman, and live at Reading, On the 4th of October I came to town—I took the prisoner's cab in Bridge-street, Blackfriars, in the evening—I was rather drunk—he drove over the bridge, got down, and brought two girls up into the cab—we went a little distance, and the girls got down—I paid for a drop of liquor there, and the girls left—I did not get out—I had one sovereign and six half-crowns all in my right-hand pocket—I afterwards found myself in Thames-street—I missed my money before I got out of the cab—I had gone to sleep in the cab for about half an hour—he roused me up, and said, "Come, rouse up, pay me my fare"—I put my hand into my pocket, and my money was gone—it was in a small bag—I charged him with it—he denied it, and I gave him into custody—he said he had 10s. or 12s. about him—I believe six half-crowns and seven shillings were found on him, but I did not notice.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not go into a gin-shop? A. I went to a house. but I never got out of the cab at all—I did not go into any house.





WILLIAM RAY
. I am an officer. I took the prisoner in charge, in Tower Ward watch-house, for robbing the prosecutor—he charged him with stealing a sovereign and six half-crowns—I asked the prisoner what money he had about him—he said 10s. or 12s.—I asked him to produce it—he would not—I put my hand into his waistcoat pocket, and found six half-crows, seven shillings, there sixpences, and one penny—he said it was all the money he had—the prosecutor said he was certain the half-crowns were his property—I searched the prisoner further, and found the sovereign in a small pocket in the tail of his coat.

Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor was with two or three prostitutes—he hailed me, and told me to take him to a gin-shop—I took him to Langham's, in Bridge-street—he went in there, and had half-a-pint of gin,

and gave some, which he could not drink, to the company—he then got in again, he told me to drive over the bridge, and said, "If you can see two nice girls, stop, and I will invite them into the cab," and about half-past one o'clock in the morning, he called two girls into the cab, and went to a night-house—he got out and drank again—he invited the girls into the cab again, but they would not come—he said he had friends in Thames-street, and I drove him over there—I asked him to pay me—he refused, and I said I must drive him to the watch-house, which I did, and he said he had been robbed—I declare the money found in my possession was my own hard earnings.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
