





795. 
               
                  
                     LEWIS 
                     GREENWOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of March
, 1 butter-boat, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Grainger
                  



               
            , his master.
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Leach
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  OSBORNE
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On Saturday evening, the 19th of March, I saw the prisoner about half-past nine o'clock, go into a shop near the bottom of Tottenham-court-road - he staid in a short time, and then came out; I suspected all was not right, and took him - I found on him this butter-boat in a handkerchief; I asked who authorized him to sell that - he said, "A very intimate friend of mine in Creed-lane, in the City;" I said, "What number may your friend live at?" he then said, "He don't live in Creed-lane; but a young woman I have been living with sent it me from Oxford to sell:" I took him to the station-house, and then he said it was a man - I at last found the owner.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Did he not tell you afterwards that he had been employed by Mr. Leach? A. Yes.


                  SAMUEL 
                  COLLIS
               



            . I keep a silversmith's shop in Tottenham-court-road. On the night in question the prisoner produced this butter-boat to me, and offered to sell it - I objected to purchase it; he went out, and was taken.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRAINGER
               



            . I am one of the chief waiters
 at Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Leach
               



            's, the London coffee-house. The prisoner was an occasional waiter
, and was there on the 19th of March - this butter-boat was one he would have to clean; I have known him six months - I employ the occasional waiters; they are my servants in fact, and I am responsible for the property.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you miss this butter-boat? A. Not till the officer brought it in - I never stated I had missed it before; I know it by its passing through my hands every day - it has a mark of a greyhound's head on it.
Prisoner. He had not the boat in his hand that morning - he never inquired after it, though he might be responsible for it; there might have been a considerable quantity lost, and he never the wiser - he stated at Hatton-garden that he had it that morning, and I think he will find out he has committed a great many errors.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
