






938. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HARRIET 
                     BAXTER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of February
, 2 half-crowns, and 1 shilling, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Pyle
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  PYLE
               



            . I live with Mr. George, a sugar-baker, in Deal-street. On Saturday, the 18th of February, about twelve o'clock at night, I met Jones near Whitechapel church; there were two other females with her, but I do not know whether Baxter was one - I went home with Jones to Wentworth-street


; I gave her some money, and was to sleep with her - I sent out half a crown for some gin; the landlady brought it, with the change - Jones took the change; she then had the 2s., the 1s. 6d. change, and the 1s. worth of gin - she called the landlady to come up, and then she called Baxter; they came up, and wanted some beer - the landlady, Jones, and I, had the gin; Baxter had none - I then went with Jones to a house in Whitechapel, and had some gin and raspberry; I had then two half-crowns and one shilling in my right-hand pocket - I went back with Jones to the house in Wentworth-street; the room we had been in was engaged, and we went to another room - I gave her some halfpence, but I still had the two half-crowns and the shilling in my right-hand pocket - she wished for more money; I said I had no more to give her - she then asked if I would allow her sister to come into the room; I said, Yes, and she called Baxter - they both sat down, and began to play tricks with me, and I missed my money; I got up, and said I should not stay there - they laughed at me, and said, "My dear, I love your temper" - I said I should know them another time; I went into the street, and in about a quarter of an hour they came out of the house, and I gave them in charge; one half-crown, one shilling, and one sixpence dropped from them - I had not allowed them to take my money, but I felt their hands in my pocket; I then missed my money, and said I would not stop there, and they said I must go.


                  JAMES 
                  JOHN CONERLEY
               



            , (Police-constable H 135.) I took the prisoners; some money passed from Jones to Baxter, and some fell on the ground - whether it dropped or not, I cannot tell; I found on Jones, one half-crown, two sixpences, and 8d. in copper; and on Baxter, one shilling, two sixpences, and 6d. in copper; the money, fell on a grating - I do not know whether any went down.
Baxter's Defence. As soon as I got to the room he got up and came away; I did not receive any money from Jones - I had half a crown when I met them.
Jones' Defence. He gave me 3s. 6d., and sent for some gin; we went out, and got some more - I then asked him to let this young woman come in; I went out to buy a candle, and dropped 1d. - he wanted me to give him the money back; I would not - I said he might stop with me.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
BAXTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
