



2127. 




ELLEN LEARY
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Sollenger, about the hour of one in the night of the 
3rd of June, at 
Bermondsey, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 240 pence and 580 halfpence, the monies of the said 



Henry Sollinger.






HENRY SOLLINGER
. I am a grocer and cheesemonger, and live at Dock-head, Hickman's Folly, in the parish of Bermondsey; an uncle lives with me in the house and a servant. On the 3rd of June, I went to bed about a quarter before eleven o'clock—I was the last up in the house—I fastened the doors and windows—I am quite sure they were all fast—I have two houses, which communicate internally with each other—the one is a grocer's, and the other a cheesemonger's—they, communicate by a door-way—there is no door—it is all covered over, and all under one roof—we go from one to the other without going into the open air at all—I use the back premises as a warehouse—about a quarter or half-past one o'clock in the night, a policeman awoke me—I found one of my back gates open, and one of the windows which I had seen fast the night before—it appeared that the sash had been pulled down—it was shut when I went to bed—I, cannot say that it was fastened positively—I am sure it was shut up quite close—it has a fastening—there is no shutter to that window—it is on the first-floor—a person could get up to that by climbing up a wall sixteen or eighteen feet high—my premises adjoin a gin-shop—it is divided by a little alley, and walled in—they could climb up between two walls, get on to the top of the wall, and so get in at the window—there is agate to each of the yards—the gate was locked when I went to bed, but the policeman found it open—I missed nothing at that time, but the following day I missed from behind the counter of the grocer's shop, coppers to the amount of 2l. 10s., or thereabouts—they were all done up in 5s. papers, and were quite safe when I went to bed—I know nothing of the prisoner.





ROBERT CLARK
 (police-constable R 167.) I was on duty at Dockhead on the night of the 3rd of June, near Mr. Sollinger's—I saw his gate, tried it, and found it open, about a quarter-past one o'clock in the morning—I looked at the window, and saw that the upper sash was down—I had seen the prisoner and a boy named David Thomas near the door about half-past ten o'clock that night, but the door of the prisoner's parents' house comes to the back of Mr. Sollinger's, and it is not unusual to see her there, because it is close to her own home—she said nothing to me.






JOHN BIRD HANDLE
 (police-constable R 154.) I took the prisoner into custody on the 11th of June, eight days after the robbery—another constable was with me at the time, and Mr. Sollinger, who bad sent for me—there was nothing said to the prisoner—no questions were asked—Mr. Sollinger told her that she was taken for entering his house on that day week, and stealing 2l. 10s. in copper money—he did not say she had better tell him all about it—she acknowledged to it without being asked—he did not use any persuasion to her at all—she said that the boy Thorne and her were in company on that night, that she got over the wall herself, and opened the door, and let the boy in—they then went together into the shop, and took ten five shilling packets of halfpence, and put them in the boy's cap—they then went to the back of the house, and divided the money between them.

Prisoner's Defence. I was in-doors when the boy came and said, "Will you come out and go and get something?"—he got over the wall and opened the door, and I went in with him—he shut the door again, and opened the window, and came down and opened the door—he took the money and put it in his cap, and two papers in his pocket—we then came down stairs, went out and halved it—I took it to a woman the same day, and gave it to her to mind—in the afternoon she came home—she and her daughter went to a public-house, and called for a quartern of gin and cloves, they gave me some—they then took me to another public-house, gave me more and made me drunk—I asked her for my money, and she would not give it me—I said I would have it—she said it was over the ditch, and all the time it was in the water-butt—I took it out, counted it, and it was only 4s. 10d.—that was all she gave me out of the money—she made me blind drunk—the boy Thorne took the money, and got all his clothes out of pawn—he said he put his money in the yard, and he gave it to his mother.




GUILTY
.* Aged 12.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

