




558. 




WILLIAM JOHNSON
 and 




WILLIAM CONNOR
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
13th of January, I till, value 2s.; 7 half-crowns, 13 shillings, 11 sixpences, 37 pence, and 42 halfpence; the goods and monies of 



William Walter Reynolds.






ELIZABETH TAYLOR
. I lodge in Thomas-street, Clerkenwell, and am single. On the evening of the 13th of January I was coming from the Angel, at Islington, with another young woman—I saw the prisoner, Connor, crawling out of Mr. Reynolds's shop with a till in his hand, and give it to Johnson, who was waiting outside—Johnson dropped it on the iron railing underneath the window—they ran away—I do not know whether Johnson could see me—I went in and gave the alarm.

Johnson, I did not take the till—I was passing the door, and a man said, "Run, or else I will give you a kick." Witness. There was no man there—he took the till and dropped it on the railing.





JANE REYNOLDS
. I am the wife of William Walter Reynolds: he keeps a baker's shop in Chadwell-street, Clerkenwell. I was in the parlour, and heard a noise, Elizabeth Taylor told me of this—I picked up the till under the window, outside—35s. in silver and 5s. 10d. in copper were in it then are flat iron railings outside the door, and it was on them—it had been behind the counter.

Connor. There were two young men going by. Witness. I did not see any men.





THOMAS HOBBS KING
 (police-constable N 248.) I was in Arlington-street, Clerkenwell—there was an alarm of "Stop thief"—the prosecutor's shop is at the corner of that street, in Chadwell-street—I saw both the prisoners running towards the Theatre, about one hundred and fifty yards from the shop—I secured Johnson, Connor ran by me, and was taken by another constable—I went to the shop and received the till—when Connor ran by me he had no shoes on—he was brought into the shop by the other onstable—he requested to get his shoes—they were under the truck at the baker's door—I got them, and he put them on.





WILLIAM VERTUE
 (police-constable G 32.) I live in Spencer-place. I

was on duty near Sadler's Wells and heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I saw Connor run, and took him to the prosecutor's—he had no shoes on.

JOHNSON



GUILTY
. Aged 13.

CONNOR



GUILTY
. Aged 14.





Transported for Seven Years.


