




41. 




EDWARD ASHTON
 and 




JAMES ASHTON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
31st of October, 1 bag, value 6d.; and 57lbs. weight of flour, value 8s. 6d.; the goods of 



Robert Henry Smith, the master of the said Edward Ashton.






ROBERT HENRY SMITH
. I keep a baker's shop at No. 3, Belinda-street, Islington. The prisoner, Edward Ashton, was in my service—I know James Ashton—he passed as his brother—about seven o'clock in the morning, on the 31st of October, I was called out of bed by the police officer—there was no other person up in the house but Edward Ashton; and the officer said in his presence, that he had his brother in charge, and that Edward Ashton had begged him not to call me, for he had given him the flour—here are fifty-seven pounds of it—it is similar to mine, but I cannot swear to it.





JOHN FOREMAN
. I live at the Castle public-house, Belinda-street. I was taking down the shutters that morning, and saw James Ashton take this bag of flour from Mr. Smith's door—I saw the door ajar—I followed

him, and gave him into custody—I pushed the door, and some one held it—James Ashton said he had bought the flour.





JAMES ASHTON
. Q. Did you see any one give, it me? A. No; you took it from the door.





MATTHEW SULLIVAN
 (police-constable.) I received charge of James Ashton, with this bag on his shoulder.—he said it belonged to himself, and he had brought it a long way—I then went to Mr. Smith's, and knocked at the door—Edward Ashton answered me from the area—I said I wanted to see Mr. Smith respecting some flour which his brother had been stopped with—he said, "Go back, and don't tell Mr. Smith's any thing about it? at will ruin at"—I said, "Did you give the flour to your brother?"—"Yes," said he—I persisted in seeing Mr. Smith, and knocked at the door again—Edward said, in the pretence of Mr. Smith, that he had given it to his brother.





HENRY HOAD
. I am a baker. Edward Ashton had been in my employ, and I will take him again—I believe his brother has led him to do this.

EDWARD ASHTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—



Confined Two Months.

JAMES ASHTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
