






353. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CLEMENTS
                  




               
             & 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     STERNE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Pidding
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
EDWARD PIDDING. I am clerk to Messrs. Dolman, solicitors
, and live in Leatherseller's-buildings. On Sunday, the 16th of December, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, I was walking with a friend in Beech-street, Barbican


, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I turned round; I did not observe the prisoners near me; an officer came up, and asked if I had lost my handkerchief; I felt, and it was gone from my inside coat-pocket; it was safe shortly before; the officer produced it - I went back with him to the public-house, and found the two prisoners in custody.(Property produced and sworn to.)
JOSEPH CADBY. I am a constable of Clerken well. I was with Colton on the 16th, in Beech-street, and saw the two prisoners following the prosecutor and his friend; I watched them - I saw Sterne leave the other prisoner and cross over to the other side of the road - they were near the prosecutor at that time; after Sterne had got on the same side of the way as we were, Clement 
               drew
             the handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket - he crossed over, and had hardly reached Sterne before we took them both into custody - the handkerchief was on the ground; I did not see from whom it dropped; Clements caused a scuffle in endeavouring to escape; Sterne was quiet, and did not at all endeavour to escape; they were close together when the handkerchief was found; there were one or two other persons passing, but not in their company.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. You never saw Sterne with it? A. No, he was on the other side of the way when it was taken; he did not offer to receive it, and made no resistance; but said he was willing to go any where.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I was in company with Cadby on the opposite side of the road - I observed the two prisoners behind Mr. Pidding and another gentleman; Sterme crossed the road, and about two minutes before he had got across, I saw Clements take something from Mr. Pidding's pocket - he crossed over, and had hardly got to Sterue before I laid hold of him, and the handkerchief was dropped; I did not see him drop it - Cadby picked it up by his feet, and he ran away; Sterne did not.
Cross-examined. Q. Did Sterne attempt to take any thing? A. He did not, nor did he attempt to take it up.
Clements. He said at Worship-street that I did not run away, but made a rustle out of his arm - I did not run at all, I only stooped my head down.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . He got half way across the road before I caught him, and threw the handkerchief away - I saw Cadby take it up; before Sterne had crossed the road I had not observed them behind the prosecutor hardly a minute.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CADBY
               



            . I had seen them behind the prosecutor for nearly five minutes.
Clements, in his Defence, handed in an address from his father, containing remarks upon the evidence.
Sterne's Defence. I was not dressed well enough to go to church in the day time, and was walking about till Barbican chapel opened - this boy came up, and asked me at what time it would be open; I said I did not know.
CLEMENTS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
STERNE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
