



1457. 




AGNES HAMILTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of May, 1 watch, value 8l.; 1 watch-guard, value 1s.; and 1 watch-key, value 1s; the goods of 



Augustus Esch, in the dwelling-house of 



Daniel Chatterton.






AUGUSTUS ESCH
. I am a travelling servant. I was in service on the 16th of May—on the night of that day I met with the prisoner in the street, and went with her to a house in Off-alley about, half-pas twelve o'clock—I went up stairs with her on the second floor, and the door was fastened inside—after we had been in the room she went down stairs and, returned again—when she came in the second time the door was fastened—it fastened with a spring—I went to bed there—I had a gold watch with me at the time—I wound it up before I went to bed, and put it in to my hat on the table—the prisoner came to bed to me—there was then a light burning in the room—this was about half-an-hour after—I went into the room about one o'clock—I went to sleep, and the woman of the house came and made a noise, and called me to look about for my things—I looked for my watch directly, and it was gone—the prisoner was also gone——I saw her again on the next Wednesday, the 23rd, I think, at Bow-street station-house

—as soon as I awoke I sent a man after her to offer her 1l., to bring back the watch—at Bow-street I said I would give her 1l. to bring back the watch—I asked her where it was—she said she had left it with Mrs. White, in Crown-court, Fleet-street.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not state I had never seen your watch, and knew nothing about it? Witness. She confessed in a separate room that she left the watch at Mrs. White's—while the constable was there she denied it—the watch is worth 8l. at least—I had it repaired in Paris for thirty francs.





MARY SMITH
. I am servant to Daniel Chatterton, who keeps a house in Off-alley, Strand. On the 16th of May I recollect the prosecutor coming to master's house with the prisoner between eleven and twelve o'clock—I think nearer twelve—I showed them into a room—I went in, and got the bed ready for them, and received the money—I did not go in after that—I heard no one go out of the house—master said he heard someone come down, and on that 1 went up to the room, and knocked at the door—the door was then ajar—I think it was then half-past twelve o'clock, but I could not exactly say—the woman was not in the room then—I awoke the prosecutor, and asked him if he knew that the woman was gone—he said, "No"—I saw him get up, and look for his watch—he said his clothes were all right—he went to his hat, and said his watch was gone.





DANIEL CHATTERTON
. I keep this house in Of-alley—it is in the parish of St. Martin-in-the-fields. I remember the prisoner and prosecutor coming to my house that night, and they went to bed—in about half an hour after, she came down to order a pint of beer—I told her it was too late, no porter could be got—she bid me good night, and went up stairs again—in about three-quarters of an hour I heard the street-door open and shut very gently—I called to Smith to know who went out—she said she did not know any one had gone out—I sent her up stairs to awake the prosecutor.

Prisoner. He stood at the door when I went out. Witness. No, 1 did not—I was not trying to turn out a drunken man who had been making a noise.





THOMAS POCOCK
 (police-constable F 38.) I went in pursuit of the prisoner on the 17th—I received a description of her person on the morning of the robbery from the inspector on duty—I found her in Buckridge-street, 8t. Giles's, in bed, about twelve o'clock in the day—there were three other women sleeping in the same room—she said "D—the Frenchman, I never saw his watch"—I had not then told her what she was charged with—she said, "I know what you are and who you are; he never gave me any money, and that was the reason I left him"—on the road to the station-house she told me that she had had the prosecutor's watch in her possession, and the gold chain round her neck, but that she gave him the watch back again before she left the room—the watch has not been found—I got a warrant and searched Mrs. White's house, but did not find it there.
Prisoner.Q. Did not the prosecutor offer me money in your presence? A. He did, and I said, "You will not do that in my presence; it is more than my situation is worth"—in the mean time I was called into the office by the gaoler—the prosecutor did not follow me at the moment—in two or three minutes after he came out and said, "Officer, I know where my watch is; it is at Mrs. White's, in Crown-court, Fleet-street; the prisoner told me so"—he told the Magistrates so, and they granted the warrant.

(The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that the prosecutor gave her no money, but offered her a ring, which the refused—that she was awoke by a party quarrelling in the next room, who broke open the door, and she went down stairs, passed the witness Smith, and went out.)





MARY SMITH

re-examined. I was not at the door when she went out—I heard nobody breaking into the room—I dare say I have known the prisoner twelve years—the master of the house has no wife—he has a housekeeper.





AUGUSTUS ESCH

re-examined. I did not give her any money—I had been to the theatre, and did not know my way home—I saw the prisoner and an old woman—they asked me to go with them—I refused—they took me by the arm—I said, "Let go; I do not want to stay with you"—I could not find my way home, and at last thought I could stay there till morning—I had my ring in my hand, and offered it to her, but she would not take it—I never offered her the watch—she did not tell me she would not stop with me—nobody broke open the door.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Life.
