



2224. 



HENRY KNIGHT



 again indicted for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Orrick Kennard, on the 
25th of August, and stealing therein 70 handkerchiefs, value 12l., his goods.






JOHN ORRICK KENNARD
. I occupy a house at St. Mary, Newington. I left my shop on the morning of the 25th of August, about half-past eight o'clock, and returned at about half-past eleven—before I left I had about 25l. worth of silk handkerchiefs in the centre of the window, about a foot or a foot and a half from the glass—the window was quite safe—none of the glass was broken—when I returned, my wife was standing at the door, and gave me information—I saw the glass ha been broken, and missed about half the quantity of handkerchiefs which had been in the window—I judge them to be worth about 12l.—the best of them were taken—I am confident they were worth more than 5l. or 10l.—I have seen

one of the handkerchiefs since, which I know to be the same pattern—they were in separate quantities of one, two, three, or five, or six—some were single, and the others different quantities.





JAMES DAY
. I am just turned ten years of age. I stand in the street with my father, selling oysters—I was going past Mr. Kennard's shop on the day in question, I saw Knight put his hand into window and take the handkerchiefs out—I did not see the window broken—I saw that it was broken before he put his hand through—I cannot tell how many he took out—he put his hand in twice—there was some one with him—I did not notice the other—I knew Knight by sight before—I am sure he is the person—I was going on an errand—I went on—I then went back and told my father, and he told me to go and tell Mr. Kennard.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Were you close to him? A. Yes; I stopped and saw his hand go in twice—there were two persons by, not more—it was the prisoner who put his hand in, not the other man—he ran away—I saw him the next Monday—this was Thursday—I am quite sure Knights the man—I saw my father about two minutes after.

COURT. Q. About what o'clock was it? A. About half-past ten.





JAMES ANDREWS
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody, in Trinity-street, on another charge, about twelve o'clock—I found a small handkerchief on him, which I produce.

Cross-examined. Q. When he was shown to Day, was any body else in custody? A. I believe he was in the cell, and that the boy saw him the first day—I cannot say whether any body was with him—he might be alone.





JOHN ORRICK KENNARD

re-examined. This handkerchief is the same pattern as I lost—I have no shop mark on it.

Cross-examined. Q. Were there any better than that one? A. Most of them were larger than this, and cost me from 3s. 6d. to 3s. 9d.—I have no mark on it—the boy identified Knight at the station-house—I think it was the first day he was taken—he was taken to one cell, and immediately said, "That is him"—he was taken to another cell, and asked if that was one, and said, "No".

Prisoner's Defence. The shopman in the last case said at the office he saw me, Hamilton, and another, lurking about the window, that we left at nine o'clock, and returned at twelve and committed the robbery; the boy says it was half-past ten o'clock when he saw me commit the robbery; I can call George Wickers, a policeman, to swear he saw me come from my home between half-past ten o'clock and a quarter to eleven which is a mile and a half from the shop. Wyatt can prove I was at home at half-past ten o'clock; it was within a few minutes of the time I left home with the money to get the things out of pawn.





JAMES ANDREWS

re-examined. Revell and Kennard's shops are about a mile apart—I first saw knight in company with the others about five minutes to twelve o'clock, but I saw them before that, about nine o'clock, as I was coming from home, in Blackman-street, close by Revell's shop, going towards Walworth, and towards Kennard's.





ELIZABETH WYATT
. I live at No. 31, Charles-street, Oakley-street, Westminster-road, My husband works at Alder's cement-wharf—the prisoner lives in the same house as me—he was at home about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, I know, brushing his shoes—he had a cost in pledge, which his mother gave him four half-crowns and sixpence to fetch out, and she gave him the ticket—he left soon after half-past ten o'clock—I heard him come down stairs, and, as I suppose, go out—I cannot

exactly say the time—I did not know where the coat was in pledge—Mr. Kennard's shop is about a mile and a half or two miles from Charles-street.




GUILTY Stealing in the dwelling house, but not of breaking and entering,—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.

