



2187. 




WILLIAM HENRY ATKINS
 was indicted

 for bigamy.






ELIZABETH CHARLOTTE GRAFTON
. I am servant at No. 9, Canonbury lane, Islington. I was married to the prisoner at St. John's, Hoxton, on the 4th of last June—he represented himself as a single man—we lived as fellow-servants for eight months together, up to the time he was taken by the officer—he entered the service as a groom, though he represented himself a harness polish-maker to his Majesty—he continued in his place, and used to come to me at my father's residence, at Ball's Pond—I had no money—he said he had some.





WILLIAM BAILEY
. I am ostler at the Cobham Arms, Buckingham. I know the prisoner—I was present at his marriage to Susannah Green, at Buckingham Church, on the 14th of March, 1831—Susannah Green was about twenty-five or twenty-six years old—she is alive now, and in Court—they did not remain in Buckingham.





MATILDA BAILEY
. I was present at the marriage of the prisoner on the 14th of March, at Buckingham—he remained but three days after his marriage with his wife.





WILLIAM BROWN EDWARDS
. I am an officer. I went to Bucking ham, and produce the certificate of the marriage.





WILLIAM BALLARD
. I am clerk of St. John's, Hoxton. I produce the register of the marriages.

Prisoner's Defence. In the early part of March, 1831, I went to Buckingham, and met with Susannah Green; and as they thought I was a man of property, they wished to inveigle me into a marriage, which was done in a few days, and took place on the 14th of March—I found the next day she was with child, and had been taking something to destroy it; and, on questioning her, I found she had two other children, which so disgusted me that I left her on the third day; she so annoyed me that I took to live with her again, but her conduct, and drink, and filth, made me determine on leaving her—I allowed her 6s. a week—on the 19th of July I gave her 1l., and the next morning she gave information, and took me into custody—I am very willing to allow what is necessary for the support of my two children, and wish to spend my days with the last wife, who is a very worthy woman; and I hope the Court will have mercy on me—I lived six years with Dr. Ingham, of Trinity College.





WILLIAM BROWN EDWARDS

re-examined. The prisoner's first wife bore a most excellent character.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
