





1427. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     CANNON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of July
, 6 half-crowns, 40 shillings, and 20 sixpences, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cross
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  SUSAN 
                  CROSS
               



            . I am the wife of John Cross - we keep the Caledonian Arms, Prince's-street, Lisson-grove




. On the 22nd of June, about twenty minutes past eleven o'clock at night, my husband was gone to bed ill, and the prisoner came into the house with two more, one of whom, named McKenley, I knew, and that man was rather intoxicated; he asked me to draw a pot of beer - I said he had had plenty, and advised him to go home; he asked me to draw a pot for these young men - I said, "If I do, will you promise to drink it at the bar without going into the room;" they promised they would, and I drew it -McKenley then said, "Mrs. Cross, what do I owe you?" I said, "Never mind that to night, come in the morning, I do not want to be bindered;" he said, "I had rather pay when I have money" - I went to the slate, and said it was 6s. 3 1/2d; he pulled some money from his waistcoat pocket, and said that was not enough, then opened his pocket-book, and pulled out half a crown - as he was chinking the money at the bottom of his pocket-book I thought I heard a chinking at the bar; I turned round, and saw the prisoner as busy as he could be at the table in my private room, taking the money that lay on the table - he had got as much up in his hands as he possibly could; I caught hold of him, and said, "What are you doing here? what do you mean?" he said, "I want something to drink" - he had gone round the bar into the room; I called for assistance, wrenched his hand open, and held him till he was secured - I cannot say exactly how much money he had hold of, but there were six half-crowns, forty shillings, and a great many sixpences; he had taken them off a newspaper on the table.


                  RICHARD 
                  PEARSON
               



            . I am an excavator. I was at the Caledonian Arms, and heard a screaming - I went to the room, and saw Mrs. Cross holding the prisoner; I laid hold of him till she called Mr. Cross down - he fetched the Policeman; the prisoner said he would not be taken by me - he struck me, and I struck him.


                  EDWARD 
                  BALL
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner into custody - he said, "What bl-y charge have you against me?" I collared him; he stood in a fighting attitude, and said, "I will knock your bl-y head off if you don't let me go; I will not be taken by any bl-y Policeman in London;" I secured him with assistance.
Prisoner's Defence. I met three men, who asked me to have something to drink; I was rather intoxicated, and went into the kitchen to light my pipe - there was no fire there, and I went into the parlour, jingled against the table, and she accused me of stealing the cash.
ANGELIOUS BETRAUN. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office; I was present when he was tried, and know him to be the person - (read).



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
