





Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
446. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SINGLETON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of July
, 1 lace net, value 16s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Wilson
                  




               
            .
JONATHAN WILSON. I live at No. 10, Grove-place


 - the prisoner came, as I was standing at the door, about a lodging - I told him we must have a reference - he said he had an uncle at Stepney-green who would give him a character; and he had come from the country in a great hurry, as an ornamental painter, to a job that an old woman could do; and he could do as much in three hours as other men could do in a day - he said he had come about a long job which might last six months - I said he must wait to see my wife before I could let him the lodging - my wife afterwards agreed to take him; and he came the next night, the 26th of June - on Wednesday, the 3d of July, rather before four o'clock in the morning, my wife jumped out of bed, and said there was somebody overhead - she went up stairs and sung out, "This lodger is at our drawers" - I got up directly and went up stairs - she was in her night clothes - he had gone out then - he slept on the first floor, and I sleep on the ground floor - I saw nothing of him afterwards, for I was so confused - he walked out while I was putting on my clothes - I saw him pass me; but I was half dressed - he said something about being searched - I saw him about three weeks afterwards in the Horns public-house, Whitechapel, and I determined to have him, if I could - my wife spoke to him - I said,"Go, and fetch a policeman: I will have him;" but several of them got up and got round us, and he was off backwards - the next time I saw him was four or five weeks after - I thought I would have him that time, and got a policeman; but he turned up into a back place - I did not like to follow him, for he put his hand in his pocket, and said he would cut my b - y wizen if I followed him - well, on the 26th of December I saw him, and thought I had a fair opportunity to take him - I collared him; and as luck would have it, an officer asked what I was going to do with him - I said he had robbed me; and he would have got away if I had not got hold of his coat and twisted him round; and he was delivered at the station-house - I am as sure he is the man as that I am alive; he sat with me two hours one night talking about Sussex, and how they had hurried him up - I said, "Have you any luggage to come up?" - he said, "I came in such a hurry, what property I have to come up is at my uncle's;" but we had no suspicion of him.
Cross-examined by MR. PAYNE. Q. He told you he was an ornamental painter? A. He did - I am a servant to the London Dock Company - I think it was about four o'clock I was disturbed - the clock struck after I got out of bed - I was in great confusion - my wife went up, and peeped through the key-hole into his bed-room, and saw him get into bed, going from the drawers - she was all in a tremble when she came down-stairs - my wife went up stairs after he was gone, to look into her drawers - she never said it was all right - the public-house I saw him at afterwards was near Petticoat-lane.
Q. What did she say when she came down from looking at the drawer? A. She said she could not tell what was lost till she looked - but we went to bed after that, and I went to work when I got up.
COURT. Q. Did she give you to understand he had robbed her drawer? A. She said she had seen him at the drawer, and he jumped into bed.


                  MARGARET 
                  WILSON
               



            . My husband was not at home when the lodgings were taken - the prisoner came with an old man, about ten o'clock in the morning - he said he had seen my husband over-night, and he wished to take the apartment - I took him and the old man up-stairs, showed them I had a good bed, and everything good belonging to it - they looked one at the other - the prisoner said,"What is it a week?" - I said 2s. 6d. - he said he should only want it to sleep in - I said, "Then you shall have itfor 2s. a week" - he gave 1s. earnest, and came at night, and always came home between nine and ten o'clock - on Wednesday, at four o'clock in the morning, I thought I heard my drawer open in the room he slept in - two of the drawers were unlocked, and one had the lock off - I heard him open the two little drawers - I ran up stairs, and he was shutting the one which was unlocked - I said, "What are you doing at my drawers, Sir?" - he never answered - I asked again, and he never answered - I took the handle of the door in my hand, and asked him again - he jumped into bed, and said, "Ah, Ma'am, me at your drawer? you had better come in and see" - I said I would, as soon as I could get admittance - I ran down and put some clothes on, and told Wilson, and we were both up together in the room - I had a petticoat over my shoulder, and went into the room - he said, "You had better look at your drawer;" but I had not power to see - he came down dressed, and said, "I owe you 1s., I will call and pay you," and went away at four o'clock in the morning - I looked into my drawer afterwards, and my lace-net was gone - I had it in my hand on Sunday, going to put it on, and I left it in the drawer which was unlocked - there were other things in the drawer - I did not miss anything else - that had been at the top of the drawer - nobody else had ever been in the room for six months before - the room had been empty.
Cross-examined. Q. He was not there in the day-time? A. No; he only came in once, to speak to my husband - I had seen the lace-net on the Sunday - on Wednesday he came, and on Wednesday-week I caught him at the drawer - I saw it on the Sunday before he came - my husband went down and put his clothes on - I looked to see what was gone, but was so confused - I had put the net at the top of the drawer - the prisoner said when I went up,"You had better look and see whether I have been stealing anything;" and I looked, but could not see then - I just opened the drawer and shut it again - I did not say it was all right - I missed it the very same day that he went - I never said it was a week before I missed it - I never mentioned a week - I have a top room furnished, which I let to a man and his wife - they were in the house, but I always kept the room the prisoner slept in locked - I always locked the door when he went out in the morning, and unlocked it ready for him at night - he never went out till eight o'clock - I was always up before him - I have not seen my black net since - there was a quantity of veils, clothes, and other things in the drawers - the net cost me 30s. - the veils did not lay in the same place - he never called afterwards to pay the shilling - he called on he Saturday following with a man, as my lodger infomed me, but I was not at home, and he knew that - but he did not come into the house.


                  JAMES 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a policeman - on Thursday, the 26th of December, I received the prisoner in custody from two Thames police-officers - I went to his lodgings, and received from Mrs. Wilson two skeleton keys and other implements - I apprehended him in Backchurch-lane.
MRS. WILSON. I found these implements under the grate.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to lodge at the prosecutor's about the 20th of June - on Wednesday morning, about half-past four o'clock, the prosecutrix came up to my room and said I was at her drawers; I got out of bed, opened the door, and said she was mistaken - I came down stairs, dressed myself, and told her to go up stairs and see if she missed anything - she did so, and came down before I left the house, and said all was right, but she was certain she saw me at her drawer - I said it was not so - she said she had not seen the articles since the Sunday week before - I presume there is nothing to implicate me in the robbery, as she had other lodgers, and was often out in the day-time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
