




2346. 




MARY ANN HART
 and 




GEORGE MITCHELL
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
10th of October, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 



Robert Craske, from his person.






ROBERT CRASKE
. I am writing-master at Christ's Hospital. At a quarter-past four o'clock on the 10th of October, I was in Picket-street, Strand—I felt a push on the right shoulder—I turned, and saw the two prisoners walking side by side—I started into the road, and felt, and my pocket handkerchief had been taken—I had seen it safe a quarter of an hour before—I went on in the road by the side of the prisoners about twenty yards, till we got to Wych-street—they parted—Hart went on, and Mitchell entered a public-house—Mitchell was nearest to me—I can swear

he is the person who touched me on the shoulder—I followed Hart, and gave her into custody, and she immediately produced my handkerchief, this mine—(looking at it)—I went to the office with her, and while there Mitchell was brought in by another officer—he was placed before me—I said he was not the man, but when I went to the office again I saw him side by side as he was before, and swear he is the man.





JOHN GLASSCOCK
 (police-constable F 16.) I took Hart—she said, "Here is the handkerchief; a young man gave it to me coming along"—as we were going along, she said to the prosecutor, "I hope you won't be too severe with me."





JOHN GARNER
 (police-constable F 122.) I saw Hart and the prosecutor, and just after they passed, Mitchell came by me and put his hand into his pocket, and, from information, I took him going through Russell-court—I had him by the collar—he turned and knocked me down, but I kept him and took him to the office.

Mitchell. He would not tell me what he took me for—I know nothing about this woman or the handkerchief.

JURY
to
ROBERT CRASKE. Q. Have you any doubt as to whether Mitchell is the man? A. I have not the slightest hesitation in swearing to him, to perfect a resemblance as he bears to the person—he seems to be the same man—I will swear he is the same man—when I saw him first at the office, I saw him full face, and in the road I only saw his side face—he then seemed a different person.

COURT. Q. Were there any other persons nearer to you that could have taken the handkerchief but him? A. No one—it is impossible that Hart could have taken it herself.

HART—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined for Three Months.

MITCHELL*—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
