



387. 




GEORGE GLOVER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of December, at 
St. Stephen, Coleman-street, in the dwelling-house of 



William Adams Larby, 1 cash-box, value 2s.; 11 sovereigns; 1 half-crown; 10 shillings; 17 sixpences; 4 £10, and 3 £5 Bank-notes; his goods and monies;—20 sovereigns; 1 £200, 2 £10, 1 £30, and 1 £5 Bank-notes; the monies and property of 



James Maxwell.






JAMES MAXWELL
. I live at the Crown and Anchor, on the Pavement, in Moorfields, in the house of William Adams Larby, my brother-in-law. I occupy the whole house—my brother-in-law does not live there—I have the care of it for him—I do not pay him any rent—he has the whole interest in it—I live there merely to take care of it—it is a public-house—on the 23rd of December the prisoner came to the bar, about half-past twelve o'clock—he asked for a glass of half-and-half—I served him myself—he requested to see the newspaper—I went for it, but it was engaged—he called for another glass of half-and-half, and asked again to see the newspaper—I went a second time to see for it—I did not get it, and when I was returning to the bar, the maid-servant called me, and gave an, alarm—I immediately pursued after the prisoner, who was gone—I caught sight of him about a hundred yards from the house—I went up to hurt in Moor-lane—he had the box in his possession, tinder his coat—I could see the shape of the box under the breast of his coat—I could not see the box itself—I took it from him—a young man was with me by that time, and we brought him back to the house with the box—I left nobody in the bar when I went for the newspaper—the box contained 400l. and 1s.—335l. belonged to me, and the rest to Larby—there were twenty sovereigns in cash,

one £200, two £40, one £30, and one £5 note—four £10 notes, three £5 notes, eleven sovereigns, one half-crown, ten shillings, and seventeen sixpences, belonged to Larby—when I brought the prisoner back, I sent for an officer, and gave him into custody—I kept possession of the box and money—I had seen the box in the bar not more than ten minutes before this took place.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Had you seen the money before the prisoner came into the house? A. I saw it after he came into the bar—he did not leave the bar after he first came—I saw the money in the bar during the time he was in the bar—I left the bar, to fetch the newspaper—I was absent not half a minute—there was not time for any body to come in.

COURT. Q. You say you saw the box and money after the prisoner came to the bar? A. Yes, I unlocked the box to give change for a sovereign, in his presence.





ELIZABETH DARBY
. I live in the house as servant. I remember seeing the prisoner there, at the bar, on the 23rd of December—I was going to the tap-room door to see what o'clock it was—I saw him put his arm over the bar and take the box—I directly told Mr. Maxwell, who went out after him—I saw him brought back with the cash-box.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you opened the bar door when you saw this? A. No, just as I was going to put my hand to the tap-room door to open it, I saw him put his arm over the bar and take the box—I had my hand on the door to shove it open—the tap-room door is on one side, and the bar is on the other—I was at the tap-room door—I could see into the bar, as it was open—there was nothing to prevent his seeing me, except my being short—I could see the cash-box—I did not stop him, but went and told Mr. Maxwell—the prisoner was gone out before I could speak—he had not to pass me to go out—I was a good way from the street door.





JOHN BURRIDGE
. I am an officer of Coleman-street ward. I was sent for by Maxwell, on the 23rd of December, and found the prisoner in the parlour, in custody, and took him—the dwelling-house is in the parish of St. Stephen, Coleman-street.
(Susannah Clarkson, widow, Waterloo-road; Phoebe Rogers, 10, Duke-street, Westminster-road; Samuel Head, butcher, Newgate market; and George Steel, butcher, Newgate market; deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—Strongly recommended to mercy in consequence of the great temptation thrown in his way by Maxwell.—


Transported for Life.

Before Lord Chief Baron Scarlett.
