



1578. 




CATHERINE DONAVAN, alias
 Collins, alias
 Mary Ann Andrews,

 was indicted

for that she, having been before convicted of uttering counterfeit coin, did afterwards, on the 
19th of April, feloniously utter a counterfeit shilling to 



George Shaw, well knowing it to be counterfeit.



The
HON. MR. SCARLETT
conducted the Prosecution.






DANIEL PRITCHARD
. I am shopman to Thomas Roberts, a linendraper, in Marchmont-street. On the 12th of April the prisoner came to my master's shop for a reel of cotton, which came to 2d.—I gave it her, and she offered me a half-crown—I took it to the desk, and gave it to Mr. Roberts—he gave her 2s. 4d. change—he afterwards discovered it to be a bad half-crown—she came again about four or five o'clock, the same day for a reel of cotton and a skein of silk, which she had, and offered a bad half-crown—I gave it to Mr. Roberts, and then sent for a constable—Mr. Roberts had kept the first half-crown.

Cross-examined by
MR. PATNE. Q. Did you look at the first half-crown before you gave it to your master? A. No—I was busy—Mr. Roberts was by the counter while I was serving—there are four shopmen—I put the half-crown on the desk—those persons could get to the desk, and an elderly lady came to the desk during Mr. Roberts's absence—Mr. Roberts showed me the half-crown about ten minutes after I had given it to him—I do not recollect having seen the prisoner before—I went to Hatton-garden the following day, and gave evidence, but Mr. Roberts did not, and she was discharged.





THOMAS ROBERTS
. On Friday, the 12th of April, I received a half-crown from Pritchard, and gave the change to him—I saw the prisoner, and spoke to her—I took the half-crown to the desk, and placed it apart from the other money, having change to give to another party—I saw it again about ten minutes after, and then examined it—it was decidedly bad—I saw the prisoner again that day, and received another bad half-crown from Pritchard—I charged her with uttering a bad half-crown, and sent Pritchard for a constable—while he was absent I accused her of having passed the bad half-crown in the morning—she denied having been there—I am positive she is the same person—I showed her the second half-crown, and told her it was bad—she said it was impossible, and asked me to give it into her hand, which I did, and she hid it in some part of her dress—when the constable came I gave him the first half-crown from the desk.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you looking at her when she had the half-crown? A. Yes, but could not see what she did with it—I was about two yards from her—she appeared to me to be putting it into her pocket—I did not try to prevent her—I do not believe more than ten minutes elapsed before I looked at the first half-crown.





GEORGE FREDERICK PIPER
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody at Mr. Roberts's shop—I got a bad half-crown from him, which I produce—I took the prisoner to the station-house—she was searched, and a good shilling and a penny were found on her, but no half-crown—she was discharged at the office.





GEORGE SHAW
. I am shopman to Matthew Howitt, a linen-draper, in High Holborn. On the 19th of' April the prisoner came to my master's shop, and asked for hooks and eyes, which came to 1 3/4 d., and offered me a shilling—I examined it, and it was bad—I gave it to Rush, the cashier, telling him it was bad, and fetched a policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you mark it? A. No—I am quite sure the prisoner is the person.





WILLIAM CLAY RUSH
. I serve in Mr. Howitt's shop. On the 19th of April I received a shilling from Shaw—I looked at it—I saw the prisoner

—I showed the shilling to Mr. Howitt—it was not out of my sight—I gave it to Mr. Howitt, and saw him give it to the policeman a second after—it passed out of my hand into his, and directly to the policeman—I can swear he gave the policeman the same shilling.

Cross-examined. Q. How can you swear that? A. Because it never went out of my sight—Shaw had fetched the policeman—the policeman was in the shop when I gave it to Mr. Howitt the second time—the first time I took it and showed it to Mr. Howitt he gave it to me back again—I kept it three or four minutes, and then gave it to him again, because I could not reach the policeman—he gave it to him, being nearer to him than I was.





WILLIAM LINDAT
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner at Mr. Howitt's shop, on the 19th of April, and got 1s. from Mr. Howitt, which I produce—I did not see where he got it—it was in his hands when I went into the shop.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you kept it ever since? A. It was given to inspector Black, on the 23rd—I got it back from him on the 30th—I have kept it ever since.

MR. SCARLETT. Q. Did you put any mark on it at the time you received it? A. Yes, and here are my initials on it.





WILLIAM BLACK
. I am a police-inspector. On the 23rd I got the bad shilling from Linday, folded up in paper, and sealed—I gave him back the same sealed paper—I never opened it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you keep it in your custody? A. I did—I am sure it was a sealed paper.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I have a copy of the record of the conviction of Catherine Donovan with another, at the Middlesex October Sessions, 1832—I have compared it with the original record—it is a true copy.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the record made up on purpose for the examination? A. Yes—(read.)





THOMAS BURTON
. I was present at the trial of Catherine Donovan, in October, 1832, when she was convicted of passing bad money—she was in my custody—the prisoner is the same person.

Cross-examined. Q. Who were the justices before whom she was tried? A. I do not recollect—the charge was passing bad money, at a shop in Lisson-grove—it is about seven years ago—I was reserve sergeant at the Harcourt-street station-house at that time—since that I have resigned, and gone into business.





MART ANN KASEY
. I am a turnkey in the House of Correction, and was so in October, 1832. I remember Catherine Donovan being there for uttering bad money—the prisoner is the same person—she was imprisoned for six months—I had frequent opportunities of seeing her.

Cross-examined. Q. How often did you see her? A. Sometimes two or three times a day—all the women are not under my care—the prisoner was not one of my portion.

MR. SCARLETT. Q. Are you positive of her person? A. Yes.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint, and am in the habit of seeing counterfeit coin—this half-crown, and shilling are both counterfeit, in all respects.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(The prisoner has been in custody seventeen times since 1838 on similar charges.)
