




1342. 




RICHARD PAULL
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering a receipt for the sum of 37l. 16s., with intent to defraud 



William Holliday.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM HOLLIDAY
. I am a livery stable-keeper in Seymour-men The prisoner was in my employ as coachman—on the 7th of March I let a pair of horses to a lady named Arnold, in Duke-street, for two months, at eighteen guineas a month—the prisoner was employed by me at 25s. a-week, to drive Mrs. Arnold about—he had no right whatever to go ad get 25s. a-week from her for doing it—she was to repay me the 25s. a-week which I gave the prisoner—at the end of the two months, she owed me 47l. 16s.—that included the 25s. a-week—the job was off on the 1st of May, and on the 2nd I expressed my intention, in the prisoner's presence, of going to receive that amount—he said, if I would allow him to take the bill, she would very likely give him something, as he had been in the habit of driving her about—I gave him the bill, and a receipt for 47l. 16s.—he returned, saying, Mrs. Arnold was out, and he was to take the receipt the next morning—he took it next day, and returned and said, that Mr. Arnold, her son, would call and pay the amount the next day (Thursday)—Mr. Arnold did not call—I took no notice of it on Friday, but on Saturday the prisoner was going to drive a job for me, and he said, "I have just met Mrs. Arnold's butler; he is going to the Bank to get some money, and will call and pay your bill as he returns"—the butler never called, but in the evening I happened to meet him, and in consequence of what he said, I gave information to the police, and the prisoner was taken into custody on the Monday following—I told him he had robbed me, and asked what he had done with the money—he said he had got part of it by him, and he would give me what he had got—he gave to policeman 38l., and said if I would allow him till Monday he would bring the remainder, and I let him go—I afterwards found out that the receipt was forged, and had him taken into custody again.

Cross-examined by. MR. PAYNE. Q. After he gave you the 36l. did you make any arrangement with him about paying the remainder? A. No; he said he would go and get the rest if I gave him till Monday, but he did not meet me on Monday—I did not meet him anywhere, and tell him I was going to my solicitor's at three o'clock—the 38l. was more than enough for the hire of the horses alone—the way in which he cheated me was by taking two salaries at the same time—if Mrs. Arnold had to pay him the 25s. a-week, I should only be entitled to claim 36 guineas from her, but I engaged him and I paid him—if I had known she had paid him, I should not ban done so.

COURT. Q. The bargain was, that you were to pay him? A. Yes; I was his master—he drove my horses.





ISAAC SALT
. I am butler to Mrs. Arnold. She hired a pair of horses of the prosecutor, and the prisoner drove her about—I paid him 25s. every week, by my mistress's directions, for doing so—he came to me on Friday, the 3rd of May, with this receipt—the bill had been left the day before—I took it up to Mrs. Arnold, and she sent down a cheque of 37l. 16s. on her bankers—this is the receipt the prisoner gave me—(The receipt being read, was for 37l. 16s., and was signed. "W. Holliday. ")

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know that is the paper the prisoner gave you? A. I am confident of it—I carried it directly up stairs to Mrs.

Arnold, and read it over to her—I only bad it in my possession a few minutes—I knew it again at Marylebone office.

MR. DOANE. Q. Did the prisoner ever give you more than one receipt? A. No—that was for 37l. 16s.—I believe this to be the receipt.





WILLIAM HOLLIDAY

re-examined. Neither the signature, nor any portion of this receipt is my handwriting.





WILLIAM MITCHELL
. I am a policeman. I was looking alter the prisoner for six days, having a warrant against him—on the morning of the 4th of May, about five o'clock, I was in Edward-street, Manchester-square, and saw the prisoner come out of No. 42, James-street, and shut the door—I went round into James street, and as soon as be saw me he ran up Henrietta-street, and round into 42, James-street, again—I ran after him and caught him before be could shut the door—I said, "What a foolish man you were to run, I have got a warrant against you;" and I read the warrant to him—he said, "It is all very true; but if Mr. Holliday had waited little while, I should have paid him; but I know Mr. Holliday will stick to me, and I know I shall get transported"—I afterwards got this receipt from the witness Salt.




GUILTY
 Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
