



688. 




GEORGE DOREY, alias
 Day,

 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
29th of January, 1 mare, price 20l., the property of 



Charles Thompson; and that he had been previously convicted of felony.



MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






CHRISTOPHER THOMPSON
. I am the son of Charles Thompson, a farmer, at Luton, in Bedfordshire, which is thirty-one miles from London. On the 28th of January his mare was safe in the stable, which was not locked—I missed her next morning about four o'clock, and found her the same morning about nine o'clock at the Cock, at Holloway, behind a hay cart—I am sure it was the same mare—my father had hid her four or five years—she was seven or eight years old—I had seen her safe about two o'clock the previous afternoon.





THOMAS SMITH
. I am servant to Mr. Tomlins, a farmer, at Barton, near Elstree. On the morning of the 29th of January, about eight o'clock, I saw the prisoner near Holloway, with a mare—I did not know him before—he asked me if I would take her through the double gates at Islington, as he wanted to go somewhere and could not take her with him—I took her, and he promised to meet me at the double gates—I cabled at the Cock, at Holloway—I tied the mare behind my cart and there it stood—when I got to St. John-street I saw the prisoner, and he nodded his head to me to go on—he was apprehended directly afterwards.





WILLIAM NIFTON
. On the 29th of January I saw the prisoner at Islington—I knew him before—he asked if I was out of employ, and said if I was he could put half a sovereign or a sovereign in my way—that he had got a good horse worth 9l. or 10l. coming up behind a hay cart, and if I could dispose of it for 4l. or 5l. he would give me a sovereign or a half sovereign—I declined it, and went to the station-house and gave information to the police—I saw him again in St. John-street, and said I thought I had a customer if it was a good horse and cheap—he said it was actually a good one, and he could afford to sell him cheap, as he had him as other people had, for fetching—he told me the first time when J declined to dispose of it for him, that he must go to Robinson's, in Sharp's-alley, and he would soon knock it off for him—I am in the china business as warehouseman—I knew the prisoner when he lived at Barton, about six miles from Luton—I saw him apprehended.





THOMAS HOBBS KING
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner in St. John-street—he denied all knowledge of the horse—I asked his name—he said he had no name—he never heard his name.

Prisoner. I never stole the horse.





JAMES TIMMS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from the Clerk of the Peace of Bedford—I know the prisoner to be the man named in it—I was present at his trial in 1835—I was policeman at the time—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Life.

Second Jury, before Mr. Recorder

