





1876. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CARTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Ellis
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I reside in Dublin, but was in Queen-square on the 23rd of September - a person ran after me in Curzon-street


, and said my pocket was picked; I felt, and missed my handkerchief - the person said the thief had run down the passage; I followed immediately, and saw the prisoner running as fast as he could - I ran, but could not catch him; I called Stop thief! he was taken in my sight, and brought into a shop - the officer came up, and the handkerchief was found on the prisoner; this is it.


                  JAMES 
                  WALCH
               



            . I took the prisoner - I asked where the handkerchief was, and he dropped it from his breast.
Prisoner's Defence. I had it in my hand, it was not in my breast - I was on my way to Sir 
               
                  Walter 
                  Stirling
               



            's, with whom I had lived as groom, and he sent for me to dress his horses; there was a boy in a white apron on before - there were some persons running, and I did the same; my foot came in contact with something on the ground, and I found it was this handkerchief.
JURY to MR. ELLIS. Q. From your missing your handkerchief till you saw the prisoner, what time elapsed? A. Not half a minute - a baker told me he saw the boy pick my pocket; he had not time to throw it away - I ran so fast, he was taken in about three minutes; the prisoner was the only one I saw running.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
