





2253. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BEAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of September
, 20 sovereigns, and 10 half-sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Oliver
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS OLIVER. I live in Dagger-lane, Hull, and am a tallow-chandler
. I came to town in September, on a Sunday night, by the steam-packet; and on the next Thursday I wanted to go to St. George's in the East, but being a stranger, I did not know the way - I met with the prisoner about three o'clock in the afternoon, as I was looking in at a window; she came, and asked me to give her a glass of porter; I said I would, on condition of her showing me the way to St. George's in the East - she said she was going that way, and we walked on for two or three hundred yards; she then said, "Stop, I have to call in here;" she went to a house, and told me to come in; I went in, and then she asked me for her glass of porter; I gave her some - when we had drank it, there was a knocking at the door; the prisoner got up, and said, "For shame of yourself," and she went out of the door - I went to go out, but I found I was fastened in the house; I pulled the door, and with difficulty I got out, but the prisoner was gone; there were two women standing in the yard; they asked what I wanted - I said I came with a lady, who was going to show me the way; one of them said, "I think she has fleeced you;" I felt for my pocket-book, which had 1100l. in it; that was safe; but I missed thirty sovereigns out of my pocket, all but one half-sovereign - I gave information, and she was taken the following morning; I had taken out all my money to give her sixpence to get the beer - I had only one sixpence; the rest was sovereigns and half-sovereigns - she saw what I had; there was a bed in the room, and we sat upon it - I was there probably a quarter of an hour; I had been anxious to go, and she was anxious to keep me; I did not perceive her hand in my pocket; I had been tipsy in the course of the day, but I was a great deal better then - I am quite sure my gold was safe when I took out the money, and gave her the sixpence.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



             (Police-constable H 91.) I took the prisoner at half-past twelve o'clock on the Thursday night; she was with a man - I told her I had a charge against her for robbing a gentleman; she put her right hand into her left bosom, pulled out some gold, and threw it down, but I cannot say how much; the man then interfered, and rescued her from me; I picked up one sovereign; I then got the assistance of Jones, and we took the prisoner again - the man again interfered; I sprang my rattle, and she was taken to the station - when she was there I saw her put her hand to her mouth; I called to my brother officer, "Stop her, she will swallow it" - he put his hand to her throat, and I saw one sovereign, one half-sovereign, and some silver, taken from her mouth.
Prisoner. I know nothing about it; I had not even money to get a candle - he said he doubted whether I was the person, and if he had part of his money he would not prosecutor me, but I could not make him up 20l. or 30l.


                  THOMAS 
                  OLIVER
               



            . I have not a doubt but that she is the person, and never said I had - I did not say I would not prosecute her if I had the money, but she offered one of the officers the money.


                  RICHARD 
                  JONES
               



            . (Police-constable H 158). I assisted in taking the prisoner, and was at the station; I saw her put some money into her mouth, and try to swallow it - my brother officer put his hand to her throat and turned it out; there was one sovereign, a half-sovereign, and 7s. 6d.


                  PATRICK 
                  HENESEY
               



            . (Police-constable H 67). I took the prisoner to the station; I seized her throat, and got the money out of her mouth - it was picked up in my presence.


                  JOHN 
                  MAHONEY
               



            . (Police-constable H 112). I was at the station, and picked up this sovereign and a half.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SAVAGE
               



            . (Police-constable H 50). On the Thursday afternoon, about four o'clock, the prosecutor told me had been robbed, and described the house; I took him to No. 18, George-street, Wentworth-street


, which I knew to be a house of that description - he said it was the house; he described the prisoner, and I knew her; I had seen her in the street about an hour before, but I never saw her again till she was at the station.
Prisoner's Defence. They ought to be ashamed - I never saw the man nor his money; the prosecutor would not have come against me if if had not been for these men; the money I had was my own, and given me by a gentleman, who came once in six months to see me.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
