





1919. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     DOYLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of August
, 1 steel-roller, value 2l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Noah 
                     Rous
                  




               
            .


                  NOAH 
                  ROUS
               



            . I am a smith
. On the 22nd of August, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, my premises were shut up - this steel roller was there on the bench in the shop; when I came down, about six o'clock in the morning it was gone; it must have been taken before the shop was open - it must have been opened by a false-key; there was no violence used - I found it at Marlborough-street on the 29th, and am quite certain of it.


                  GEORGE 
                  MYERS
               



            . I live in High-street, Bloomsbury, and am an iron-merchant. On the 24th of August, between four and five o'clock, the prisoner came into the shop - I asked what he wanted; he took this roller from under his apron - I examined it, found it belonged to some machine, and asked where he got it; he said he found it among some rubbish - I asked what kind of rubbish; he said shavings - I asked what employ he was in; he said he was out of place, that he had no parents, and was living with his aunt - he gave the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Jones
               



            , No. 33, John's-court, John-street, Haymarket; I asked if he knew it was stolen - he gave me no answer; I told him there had been a person to inquire after it - he said, "Has he?" I said I should detain it, and send a man with him to see if his address was correct, but before I could get round the counter, he ran out - I lost him, and did not see him again till the 29th, when he was apprehended; nobody ever came for it.
ROBERT HUSON. I am an officer. The prisoner was given into my charge on the 29th, by another officer, who took him - I inquired, and found the direction he gave was false.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down stairs one morning, to get some pieces of wood from some carpenter's rubbish, and among the shavings, under some large pieces of timber, I found this roller.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
