









450. 




WILLIAM PRICE,



 CHARLES PRICE,



 DAVID JULPH
, and 



THOMAS JULPH
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
31st of December, at Edmonton, 1 sheep, price 1l. 18s., and 1 ewe, price 1l. 10s.; the property of 



Richard Booth Smith: and 




MARIA JULPH



 for feloniously receiving 48lbs. weight of mutton, value 1l. 5s., part of the said goods, well knowing the same to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.: and 




SARAH PRICE
 and 



THOMAS MASON



, for feloniously receiving 481bs. weight of mutton, value 1l. 5s., other part of the said goods, well knowing it to be stolen; against the Statute, &c.






SIMON SMITH
. I am a policeman. On the 1st of January I obtained a search warrant, and went to the house of Sarah Price, in Fair-lane, Edmonton, and saw her and Mason—on searching the cupboard of the room they were in down stairs, 1 found the head, the heart, and part of the lights of a sheep, raw and fresh—it had the appearance of being fresh killed—I went up stairs into the bed-room, and in a box there I found the legs, shoulders, part of the neck, and part of the loin, fresh killed—I found five other joints hanging on hooks in the bed-room not concealed—there was a loin, a neck, and two pieces of the breast—I went into the garden, but did

not find the skin there—I found a sack on the floor of the room they were in, marked "R. B. Smith," and another sack in a cupboard in the same room, marked "Judd, Edmonton," and a pewter pot—I told Price I must take her into custody for hating the meat there—the laid the knew nothing about it, as her sons brought it there while she and Mason were at Edmonton on Saturday night—this was Sunday morning, between ten and eleven o'clock—Mason said it was a bad job—they were taken to Edmonton watch-house—I know Mrs. Price rented the house, and Mason lived there, and William and Charles Price also—I afterwards went to Maria Julph's house, in Bury-street, Edmonton, and as I was going to the door, Charles Price came from the door—I asked him if his name was Julph—he said no, it was not—I told him he roust come into Mrs. Julph's house with me—when the door was opened Mrs. Julph stood against it—I asked her if her name was Julph—she said no, it was not—I asked her if Mrs. Julph lived there—she said, "No, she lives further down the street"—the prisoner, Thomas Julph, then came into the room—I asked him if his name was not Julph—he said, "Yes"—I told them I had a warrant to search the house for some mutton—Mrs. Julph replied that I could not search the house on a Sunday—(she is the mother of the prisoner David)—on searching the back bed-room down stairs, I found four or five joints of mutton in a dish in the cupboard; and in the back washhouse I found four or five other joints and a sack, and in the same place the skin of a sheep in a bag—I found the entrails of a sheep fresh killed down the privy—the sheep was without head or feet—the joints made up the entire body, short of the head and feet, except some pieces which were in the pot cooking for dinner.





JOHN KENT
. I am a policeman. On the Monday morning I searched for the skin of the sheep, and found one in the New River, at Highfield-row—I compared it with the head of a sheep produced by Smith—they corresponded, so as to enable me to speak positively to its being the head of the same sheep as the skin belonged to—it fitted the head.





RICHAID BOOTH SMITH
. I am a fanner, and live at Huxley farm, Edmonton. I saw my sheep safe in the gravel-pit field, at four o'clock on Saturday afternoon, the 31st of December—next morning, about nine o'clock, I was in the field, and missed two sheep—one of them was a ewe—I found the head and feet of a sheep in the field—I traced it by blood to the corner of my stack-yard—in consequence of information, I obtained a search-warrant, by means of which the mutton was discovered at Price's—traced blood round in the direction of Price's house—I compared the skit found by Kent in the New River, with the head found at Price's house, and I could ascertain they formed part of the same animal, and there were parts of the carcass on which the wool was left—part of the skin was left on the mutton at Price's, which exactly corresponded with the skin—4t was the skin of one of my sheep; and the other found at Julph's was also the skin of a sheep I lost—I found the head and feet in the field corresponded with the skin found at Julph's—the mutton at both places had part of the skin left, which agreed with it—one skin has my initial on it near the hip, and the other has a star branded on the same spot.





SIMON SMITH

re-examined. While I was searching Julph's house, William Price came in, and then David Julph—I then said, I must lock them all up with Mrs. Julph, as I had found the mutton there.





RICHARD CARTER
. I am a constable. I searched Charles Price—he had two smock-frocks on—the outer one was saturated with blood, apparently

quite fresh, when I took it off him—the knee of his trowsers was split, and the lining of the knee was all bloody.





RICHARD BOOTH SMITH

re-examined. I traced the footmarks of four persons driving the sheep into a pit, and out of it into the snow-two of them were boys' shoes, and two small-sized men's-none of them were large—the tracks led to the corner where the sheep was slaughtered, and out again, and ended on the high-road where I first tracked the blood; and the blood went from there to Price's house all the way—I can undertake to say they were not women's feet.





SIMON SMITH

re-examined. I followed the tracks of blood down Fair-lane—there were traces of blood to Price's house, and on to Julph's, and there was blood in the washhouse at Julph's—the prisoners' shoes were clean, I did not compare the footmarks.





HENRY JOHN SAWYER
. I was present at the prisoners' examination before Mr. Edward Roe Mores, the Magistrate—I took down the deposition and examination in his presence—I took down what the partial said nearly verbatim—I believe it was word for word-this examination of David Julph is in my hand-writing—I took it down from his mouth-this is the Magistrate's signature to it—I read it over to David Julph, and explained it to him—I told him it would be given in evidence against him, and he put his name to it after that—hesaid it was right when I read it—I also took down what William Price stated—hewas cautioned that it would be used against him, in the Magistrate's presence—hestated what I took down, and it was read over to him—I asked him whether be would sign it or not—hesaid, "I shall not sign it"-When I read it over to him, I asked him whether it was right, and he said, "Yes"—I recollect putting that question—I told him to listen to what I had taken down, and if there was any thing wrong in it, to correct me—hedid not object to it on account of its being incorrectly taken—I do not know why he refused to sign it—I am quite sure he was asked whether it was correct or right the Magistrate said, "Well, Mr. Sawyer, he says it is right, but refused to sign it-so put that down" (looking at the examination) this was truly taken from his lips (read).
"The prisoner David Julph having been cautioned not to say any thing to criminate himself, and being asked whether he is guilty or not, says,' I took the sheep—I and my brother, and the two Prices, Charles and William, went into the field of Mr. Richard Booth Smith, about seven o'clock in the evening on Saturday last—it was the gravel-pit field-we had made up our minds just before twelve o'clock to go and take the two sheep—William and Charles Price and my brother Thomas met me in Bury-street and asked me to go with them—I at first refused, but after much persuasion I consented to do so-Charles Price first asked me, then William asked me, and afterwards my brother Thomas-when we got into the field, we caught two sheep—I and my brother killed one-and the two Prices took theirs away alive-we left the head and feet in the field-we took our sheep home and skinned it there, and gutted it there-my mother was gone to bed, the door was open, she usually left it open-on getting home we cut it up with a knife and chopper-we then put it into a cupboard below stairs in a back bed-room—I put the skin into a bag, and some joints into another sack wrapped in a cloth-we put the entrails down the privy.
(Signed,)

D. JULPH.
"The prisoner William Price having been cautioned not to say any thing

that might criminate himself, and being asked whether he it guilty or not guilty, says, 'I am alone guilty—I do not know my brother's age—on Saturday last I was at home, I slept at home that night with my brother Charles and another younger brother—the mutton was brought home to my mother's house—when she was out, about seven o'clock in the evening—I killed skinned the sheep in Mr. Booth Smith's field—I did it all myself, no one helped me—I left the skin in the field, as it was of no use to me—I put the mutton into my own clothes-box up stairs—I refuse to sign what I have stated.'"

William Price. I have nothing to say, only my mother knew nothing about it—she was not in the room when I brought it home.

Thomas Julph. My mother knows nothing about it.

Mason's Defence. This woman and I were at Edmonton, buying goods when the meat was brought.

WILLIAM PRICE—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

CHARLES PRICE—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.

DAVID JULPH—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.





Transported for Life.
T. and M. JULPH, S. PRICE, and T. MASON.—


NOT GUILTY
.
(Charles Price and David Julph were recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor, believing them to have been seduced by William Price.)
