



1631. 




EDWARD STRAWSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of May, 1 account-book value 1s.; 1 bag, value 3s.; and 4 pairs of shoes, value 18s.; the goods of 




William Gooding, his master: and 1 account book, value 1s.; 3 pairs of shoes, value 13s. 6d.; and 1 pair of half-boots, value 6s. 6d.; the goods of 



George Gooding; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM GOODING
. I live in St. Paul's-place, Walworth-common, and am a shoemaker. The prisoner was about three weeks in my service—on Saturday morning, the 21st of May, I lost four pairs of shoes—He absented himself at the same time—I made inquiries, and found the shoes at the pawnbroker's—this is one pair of mine—this is my brother's—I lost am account-book, and my brother one, also a bag, a pair of boots.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Are you not carrying on business with your brother? A. No; he only lodges with me—I am quite sure this pair is mine, I had seen them on the Saturday morning—this pair is my workmanship, and this pair is my brother's—I do not keep a shop—only one person employs me—he would have a number of pairs of shoes manufactured by me, and they would resemble this pair—there is nothing that would distinguish them from this pair.

COURT. Q. How long before you missed these two pairs had you seen them? A. Twenty minutes before I missed them—the prisoner absented himself before breakfast.





JOSIAH WILLIAM CLARKE
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce this pair of shoes claimed by the prosecutor—they were pledged by the prisoner on the 21st of May, for 1s. 6d—I cannot tell what time of the day.

Cross-examined Q. Are you quite sure of his person? A. Yes.





ROBERT COX
. I am a pawnbroker, living with Mr. Farmer, in Blackfriars-road. This and the other pair were brought by the prisoner about twenty minutes past nine o'clock on the morning of the 21st of May—he said they were for his brother, George Gooding, whose name is in them.





JOHN LYONS
 (police-constable L 161.) I took the prisoner, and found these two books and a riding belt on him.





WILLIAM GOODING

re-examined This book is mine, the other is my brother's—this is the book in which my employer puts what I take.





JAMES SYMONS
 (police-constable P 17) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the peace, at Newington (read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 14—


Transported for Seven Years.


Sixth Jury before Mr. Common Sergeant.

