





2232. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     ALLEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
, 1 tea-kettle, value 13s.; 1 pair of plyers, value 2s.; 36 yards of brass chain, value 8d.; 12 chisels, value 6s.; 4 pairs of crackers, value 9s.; 3 steel rings, value 2s.; 3 brad-awls, value 3d.; 9 brass balls, value 1s.; 2 pairs of snuffers, value 2s. 6d., and 12 yards of brass chain, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Reynolds
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am an ironmonger
, and live at the corner of Frith-street, Soho


; the prisoner had been my porter
 between one and two years. On the evening of the 28th of September I returned home just after he had closed the shop and was gone; my clerk gave me information - I found four pairs of nut-crackers concealed; I marked, and left them there - the next morning I went to breakfast at eight o'clock - they were then in the same place; I had not an opportunity of looking when I went from breakfast, but I soon afterwards sent the prisoner out with a lamp; I then looked and missed the nut-crackers; I sent my shopman to bring him back, and charged him with taking them; he denied it - I said I must search him; he seemed reluctant - I sent to the Police-station, but before the officer came the prisoner began to be a little alarmed, and said if I would not be hard with him he would give them to me; he then took two pairs of crackers out of his side jacket pocket and laid them on the desk - I said they were not all; there were four pairs - he said that they were all he had taken; the Policeman then came, and found on him ten sovereigns, and 10s. 31/4d., which I cannot account for, as his salary was but 1l. a week, and he had a wife to support; he said if we would let him go below he would get the other two pairs of crackers - we went down with him, and he took these other two pairs of crackers from a place and gave them to me; I went with the officer to his lodgings, where I found the rest of this property, most of which has my private mark on it.


                  GEORGE 
                  BOARDMAN
               



            . (Police-constable C 109.) I was sent for, and took the prisoner; he went down stairs, and took out the two pairs of crackers - I went and found this other property at his lodgings.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
