





895. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GARDNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of March
, 115 handkerchiefs, value 11l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Starr 
                           Wood
                        




                     
                   and another
            .
2nd COUNT, stating it to be 100 yards of silk.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARDNER NINER
               



            . I travel for Messrs. Starr Wood and 
               
                  John 
                  Gold
               



            . I had a gig in Gracechurch-street


, on the 3rd of March, and a parcel in it belonging to them; I was absent about half an hour, and left the parcel in the gig, in care of a boy; when I returned it was gone; it contained the articles stated in the indictment - I do not know the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  VOWLER PITTS
               



            . I have a memorandum of the goods belonging to Wood and Gold - these are the articles; they were packed up, and delivered to Niner.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  ALLEN STONE
               



            . I am a City-officer. I first saw the prisoner going through Leadenhall-market, with a parcel; I followed, and asked where he was going with it; he said, "To Leadenhall-street, to book it to go to London-wall;" this was between two and three o'clock; I took and turned the flat part down - I then asked him what was in it; he could not tell me; he then said he was going to the mate of the Galligasker, (I think he called it,) to tell him to save it for him - I locked him up, and found the owner.


                  GEORGE 
                  WITHERS
               



            . I was left in care of the gig. I was at the head of the horse, and was buckling up his hand; before I could turn my head the parcel was gone; I went and told my master.
Prisoner's Defence. He said before the Lord Mayor that he never missed the parcel till his master came out of the shop - a gentleman gave it to me, and said he would give me 1s. to carry it - he was before me, and I told the officer so.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
