



57. 




JAMES WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of November, 1 mare, price 5l., the property of 



John Barnard.






JOHN BARNARD
. I am a farmer, and live at Hertford. I missed my mare on the 4th of November, at six o'clock in the morning—I had seen her at nine o'clock the evening before in my farm-yard—the gate was latched—I have since seen her in the possession of Bates, the police-serjeant—I have employed the prisoner several times as a labourer—he knows my premises perfectly well—I met him that very day in Hertford, when I was on the mare, going towards my premises—he lives in the neighbourhood.





THOMAS ISITT
. I am a policeman. I was on duty on Friday, the 4th of November, at Smithfield, and saw the mare standing tied up to the rails, a little after seven o'clock in the morning—she looked in a very rough state—I asked the prisoner who she belonged to—he said it was his—I asked where he brought her from—he said, "From Yardly, in Herefordshire"—a butcher came up an asked the price—the prisoner said, "3l. 10s."—I asked him if he should get that for it—he said he did not know, but he must sell it that day—I told him to take it to the Greyhound stables, in Smithfield, and afterwards showed it to the prosecutor, who claimed it.





JAMES BATES
. I am a police-serjeant. I went down the Greyhound-yard, and saw the prisoner—I asked where he brought the mare from—he said, from Yardly, and she belonged to his master, Mr. Holden, a farmer there. I asked what he wanted for it—he said, "3l. 10s."—I said, "You will not get that, would you take 50s., if you could get a customer," he said he did not know—I asked him several questions about his master—he did he had a good deal of land, and so on—he gave me several evasive answers—I said, "Well, come with me—I will see if I can find a customer—he

agreed to sell her for 30s., and I then took him into custody, being positive it was stolen.

Prisoner's Defence. It was delivered to me my by another man to bring to Smithfield to sell.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Life.
