



1045. 




MARY MADDEN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
8th of April, 1 sovereign, and 1 shilling, the monies of 



William Parr, her master.






WILLIAM PARR
. The prisoner was in my service formerly, and left about ten days ago—after that I employed her as a char-woman—on the 8th of April, I missed a sovereign and shilling, which were locked up in a drawer in our bed-room—the room was locked, and she had the key to make the bed—I missed it abou thalf an hour after she had been in the room—the drawer remained locked—it must have been opened—I called her up stairs and questioned her—she denied it—a policeman was sent for, who searched her, and found on her, enclosed in a small parcel of tea, the sovereign and one shilling.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
. I am a policeman. I was sent for by Mr. Parr—I asked the prisoner if she knew any thing about the sovereign and shilling—she said she did not—I then told her I must search her, and asked if she had any thing about her—she said no—I felt the front of her gown, and under her left arm I found something hard—she said it was only a bit of tea—I put my hand under her arm, and took out a small parcel of tea with the sovereign and shilling—it was under her gown—I asked her where she got it—she said she found the sovereign on the table and the shilling on the drawers.

Prisoner's Defence. I went to work—master came down stairs shortly after—the fire was out—he caught me round the neck and said, "Mary, here is something for you," and he put this money into my bosom—I said, "I do not want it"—he said, "Never mind, Mary, when you go home to-night, I shall follow you"—mistress went and fetched a policemen when it was missed, but he did not wish to have it known—my mistress would not let it drop—she said I took it out of her drawer—I had no keys or any thing about me, but threepence—he only did it because I would not comply with his wishes—he several times offered me money, and gave me money.





WILLIAM PARR

re-examined. I did not put it into her bosom—I solemnly swear what she says is false.
(—Cheek, of Gravel-lane, and Catherine Lee, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Williams.
