



1859. 




JAMES ANDERSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of July, 1 purse, value 2s.; and 2 half-crowns; the goods and monies of 



Judith Halpike, from her person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JUDITH HALPIKE
. I live in Charles-street, Hackney-road, and am a widow—I am blind-between one and two o'clock on the 23rd of July, I was with another lady in Paul-street, Finsbury—I turned round, and found a person behind me, wiping his hands upon my dress as I thought—some boy came and asked if I had lost any thing—I said, "No"—I then searched my pocket, and my purse was gone—it contained 2s., and two half crowns—I had felt it safe about ten minutes before.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you quite sure you had felt it about ten minutes before? A. Yes; it has not been found—I observed noting more than some person rubbing about me.





EDWARD HENRY SABINE
. I live in Castle-place, Finsbury. On the 23rd of July I saw this lady, and I saw the prisoner in company with some others—the prisoner went to the side of the lady, and felt her pocket—I gave her information—the prisoner and the others went to the corner of Hill-street, and divided something.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. Nothing at preset—I was looking at the procession of a Benefit Society-a great number of persons were there—I was about two yards, or rather more, from the prosecutrix—there were no persons between me and her—I lost sight of the person that went up to the lady, and put his hand into her pocket—I did not trace him up to the time he was taken—I have been at Mr. Freeman's, a linendraper, in Bishopsgate-street—I left there of my own accord.





RICHARD HENRY FATNALL
. I am an apprentice. I went out at my dinner hour, and saw the procession—I saw the prisoner go up to the lady, and feel her dress and her pocket; they then went to the corner of Hill-street and divided.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you in company with Sabine? A. Yes—I am a clock and watch maker—I did not see any thing taken from the

old lady—there were two or three stood round the prisoner to hide him.





THOMAS WOODWARD
. I have heard what the other witnesses have said, it is true—I saw all that they have said.





JOHN SWINEY
 (police-constable H 80.) I produce this certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person who was tried.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
