





1261. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  SIMMONDS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of May
, 1 silk bag, value 2s.; 1 handkerchief, value 3s., and 1 key, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Russell
                     



                  : and 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Everett
                     



                  , from the person of the said 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Russell
                     



.


                  ANN 
                  RUSSELL
               



            . I am single
, and live in Bagnio-court, Newgate-street, with my friends. On the 23rd of May, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was coming home from Whitechapel, with my friend Elizabeth Everett - we were near Aldgate-pump


, and saw the prisoner and another following us a long while; then they rushed by us, and as the prisoner rushed by me, I lost my bag, which hung over my arm, containing a handkerchief of Everett's, and a handkerchief and key of my own - I turned round, and caught hold of the prisoner; he had part of the string of the bag in his hand - his companion picked up the bag, and ran away; I charged the prisoner with having taken it - he used some very bad expressions, and said he had not taken it; I have not found it - the other man was not secured; they had been vfollowing us near ten minutes, directly we came out of the house we had been to.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  EVERETT
               



            . I am the wife of William Everett. I was walking arm-in-arm with Miss Russell - she had a black silk bag hanging on her arm; the prisoner and another man followed us some time - by Aldgatepump they pushed against us, and all at once the prisoner cut the string of the bag, which fell on the ground; the other took it up, put it into his hat, and ran away - there was a red handkerchief of mine in her bag, worth 2s.; the string was in the prisoner's hand at the time we caught hold of him; we never let him go - a gentleman fetched an officer.
WILLIAM PLAISTOW. I am a constable. I was sent for, and took the prisoner - I found a pair of scissors in his coat pocket, and a leather purse.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a drover, and carry the scissors to mark the beast.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
