





1112. 




DAVID LLOYD
 and 



THOMAS DUNN
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
11th of March, 159 lbs. of hops, value 3l. 15s.; the goods of 



John Barlow and others, their masters. And 



JOSEPH RUTTER
 was indicted 

for feloniously receiving the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statute, &c.



MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN NICHOLLS
 (police-constable N 171.) In the afternoon of the 18th of March, at five o'clock, I saw the prisoner Dunn with a pocket of hops on his head on a knott—Messrs. Barlow, Gills, and White's premises are in the Maze, in Tooley-street, and Rutter's premises are about 200 yards from them—Dunn came out of the Maze, and went down Mill-lane, where Rutter's premises are—when he got to Rutter's gate, he put the pocket of hops down—I went up to him, and asked him where he brought them from?—he said, from Messrs. Barlow, Gill, and White's, and if I wished, he would go back with me to the warehouse—I said, he might if he liked—and he took up the hops, and went with me—when we got to Messrs. Barlow's ware-house, he called Lloyd to the door, and Grubb came out with him—Dunn said, "The policeman has stopped me with these hops, are they not all right?"—Lloyd said, "They are all right," and he pulled this piece of paper out of his pocket (read)—"March 18, 1835. Mr. Butter: Please to receive one po. repack, from T. Saxby"—I then went back with Dunn to Rutter's premises, as I was not quite satisfied—Dunn took the hops, and I followed him—I saw Rutter come out of a public-house opposite his premises—Dunn put the hops against the gate—Ratter took out the key, opened the gate and went in—Dunn put the hops inside the gate—I asked Mr. Rutter if he received these hops—he said, "Yes, I do; for I paid 7l. 10s. for them"—I said, "For how many?"—he appeared confused, and gave me no direct answer, but said, he had had a deal of trouble with our men before—I then spoke to Bride, a police-constable, told him to take charge of the hops; not to let them go away—I then went to the prosecutor's counting-house, in High-street, Borough, near the Town-hall—I saw Mr. White and Saxby there—from what I learned, I went back to the warehouse—I went from there to the Red Man public-house, and found Rutter and Lloyd in conversation in the parlour—I asked Lloyd what quantity of hops there were in the bag that he had just sent out—he refused to give me any answer—I told him I had seen Mr. White; it was my duty to prosecute this inquiry, and I was determined to know—he hesitated some time, and then said, "Seven pounds"—I again asked him for how many hops—he said he did not know, for Grubb had weighed them, and Grubb was only at the warehouse—I asked him to go over there with me, and show me the entry, and let me know the weight of them—we went, and Lloyd called Grubb—I asked Grubb what was the weight of the hops he had sent out—after some hesitation, he said, "1 cwt. 1 qr. 191bs."—I asked him if he had made the entry, and said, "I should like to see it"—he turned to look at the slate, and then he looked at several pieces of paper that were lying on the desk, then, all on a sudden, he ran up the ladder—at that time Lloyd left me—Grubb remained up stairs about a minute, and he came down with this piece of paper in his hand, with 1 cwt." 1 qr. 19lbs. upon it—I said, "You have just done this, it is wet," and I smeared the writing—I then went over to the Red Lion, where I saw Lloyd and Rutter again—I called the officer, Morgan, and I gave them into his custody—I then went back to the warehouse to look for Grubb, and gave him to an officer—I then went back to the Red Lion, and took Dunn in the tap-room—I weighed the pocket of hops—it weighs 1 cwt. 1 qr. 26lbs. bare weight—

the scales just on the balance; deducting seven pounds for the weight of the pocket, the net weight would be 1 cwt. 1 qr. 19lbs.

Cross-examined by
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You do not know the usage of the trade? A. No, certainly not—I examined the scales at the ware-house, and the weights that were in them were 1 cwt. 1 qr. 191bs.—Lloyd was the warehouseman, I understood—I do not know whether it is his duty to weigh things himself—he was present during some of the conversation between me and Grubb, but I do not recollect that he joined in it—he said they had been weighed by Grubb.

Cross-examined by
MR. CRESSWELL. Q. How were you dressed? A. In my uniform—if Rutter had done any thing wrong, he would have known by my dress, that I was a policeman—he must have known me, for he made the remark that he had been troubled with our men before—he said he had received the hops, and had paid 7l. 10s. for them, but he did not say he had bought hops of Saxby, and that these might be them—he did not mention Saxby's name—he said he had bought the hops for 7l. 10s.—I saw Saxby in the counting-house, and he went across with me to the warehouse, and then to the Red Lion—after the hops had been taken back the second time, I left the hops there, and Rutter at large, but I left Bride with the hops—I do not know whether Rutter could have removed the hops in spite of Bride—Rutter opened the gates in my presence, and said he received the hops—I did not assist in carrying them into the gateway.





WILLIAM ROBINSON WHITE
. I am one of the firm of John Barlow, Gill, and White—we are hop-merchants—our counting-house is near the Town-hall, and our warehouse in the Maze—Lloyd was our foreman, and Dunn one of the porters—I did not know Rutter, but by name—when hops arrived from the country, the side of the pocket is cut open and a quantity of hops are taken out, which are trimmed into a form called a sample, and the hops which are cut away from the sample, constitute a quality which are again put in pockets, and called repacks—this is a custom perfectly well known in the trade—Mr. Thomas Saxby was a customer of ours, and was in the habit of purchasing repacks of us—on the first of February, he purchased eight pockets of repacks, which were numbered according to the custom of our trade, one to eight inclusive; and I gave instructions that Saxby was to have the repacks, and I ordered the man to deliver them to Saxby's order—the pocket of hops in question does not fall within the numbers from one to eight—I am not aware that there is any written order from Saxby for the delivery of these hops—I know that three of the pockets of repacks had been delivered, and that there are five more remaining—Saxby certainly had no authority to sell any of our hops—the pocket in question had never been sold to Saxby—I had never given orders to deliver any hops to Rutter—it is not unusual to send hops out on a man's head—a slate is kept in the warehouse to make rough entries on, and then they are entered in the book—the weight of the hops is not put down on the slate—we have regular books for that.

COURT. Q. If I understand you rightly, this particular pocket of hops forms no part of those sold to Saxby? A. Certainly not; and no servant of ours had any authority to deliver them to Saxby—Rutter was no customer of ours.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you a clerk of the name of Heath? A. Yes—I do not recollect that Rutter, in my presence, paid Heath 16l. 8s. 6d., for hops—I will not swear that it has not been done—I know that Rutter and Saxby had dealings for hops—I have not given a

verbal order that Saxby might have what hops he pleated out of our place—I have given a written order that he might have the repacks—I have no means of knowing whether Saxby had given Rutter authority to have what hops he pleased out of our place—if Saxby wanted any hops be could come to me and buy them, and I should give him a written order.

Q. Had not Mr. Saxby the power of sending, either verbally or by what other means he pleased, for that stock of hops on your premises? A. Yes, certainly, there was no occasion for seeing any of the parties, he would be entitled to have them on his own verbal order.





THOMAS SAXBY
. On the 11th of February, I purchased eight pockets of repacks, of Messrs. Barlow and Co.—I do not know that they were numbered from one to eight, for I had not seen them till I went to the ware-house to see if the remainder were there—I had sold three of the pockets of repacks, one on the 14th of February, to Chittenden; and two to Rutter, one on the the 27th of February, and one on the 7th of Match—I have not sold him any since then—I told Lloyd to let Rutter have more hops of mine of the repacks, at 5l. 5s. per hundred, if be paid for them; but I never authorized him to let Rutter have any other hope, only those five pockets of mine—my five pockets are left in the warehouse now—I do not know any thing of this one—no part to this order (looking at it) is my writing—I saw my five remaining pockets of repacks in the warehouse on the 19th of March—I do not remember that I had seen Rutter for several days before that—the last money I received for him was 7l. 10s., at Lloyd's, on the 7th of March—I have not received any other money from him—I have a list to the numbers of repacks which are left at Messrs. Barlow's for me—their numbers are "1, 2, 3, 5, 7," numbers "8, 6, 4," had been disposed of.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You had several dealings with Mr. Rutter? A. Yes, and Lloyd was to let him have any of my repacks—if Lloyd had sent out any other hops than those I mentioned, it was not by my authority—Rutter may have had loose hops from me, as well as hops in pockets.





THOMAS HEATH
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Barlow and Co. I remember Saxby purchasing, on the 11th of February, eight pockets of repacks—I understand they were numbered from "1 to 8"—it is my business to know when the sale is made, and to communicate it to Lloyd, the foreman—Lloyd would know these repacks—he had no authority to take any other but these repacks for Saxby.

COURT. Q. How would Lloyd know which were Saxby's hops? A. He would know what hops had been weighed off for Saxby—they were weighed by the warehouseman, and entered in the weight book—it would be Lloyd's duty to enter them—here is the book—here is the entry of eight pockets sold to Saxby, in my own handwriting—I believe the copy this was taken from was in Lloyd's writing, but the paper after the entry is made, is destroyed—I cannot undertake to say who brought me the paper.

Q. But supposing there were two hundred pockets of hops in the ware-house, and Lloyd was called upon to deliver a portion of the hops sold to Saxby, how was he to know which were Saxby'a hops? A. It is his duty to know where they were placed—he would know by the numbers—he would have the paper to refer to, and he could refer to his own recollection—he had a book in which the sale of repacks were entered.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is Lloyd the person who had charge of every thing? A. Yes, it is his business to keep an account of what is delivered, and to

deliver what is ordered—this is the memorandum of what was sold to Saxby—Lloyd would enter in his book an account of what had been sold.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is that book at home? A. Yes, I believe it is—we have several warehouses—at that time we had only three—perhaps at the present time there are 8000 pockets of hops and repacks in our warehouses—it is not impossible in such a number for a man to make a mistake.





JOHN BRIDE
 (police-constable M 148.) I was called by Nicholls to take charge of some hops at Rutter's gate—I produce the hops here to-day—after Nicholls had left, Rutter said to me, "It is all right"—I said I had no doubt of it—he said when he was an apprentice, all these cuttings were the perquisites of the men—I said no more, but he said he had bought them of Messrs. Barlow, Gill, and White, on the 7th of March—he did not mention the name of Saxby at all to me—here is the pocket—there is no mark on it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CRESSWELL. Q. Who began this conversation? A. Rutter—I stated at Union Hall, that he said the cuttings were the perquisites of the men, when he was an apprentice.





JOHN M'CRAW
 (police-sergeant M 15.) I was at Union Hall on the examination of Grubb, but it was not in presence of the prisoners—I received 4l. from Grubb, out of his box, and 3l. which I saw given to him by Mrs. Roach.





MARY ANN ROACH
. I keep the Red Lion, in the Maze. On the evening of the 18th of March, Grubb borrowed 3l. of me—it was my money.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know Rutter? A. I have seen him pay money to Lloyd, on account of Saxby, on two occasions.

COURT. Q. How do you know it was on account of Saxby? A. I heard Mr. Rutter say so.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When was the last time you saw that? A. I really cannot tell you—it might be a month or two months before I lent the 3l. to Grubb.

COURT. Q. Where was it this conversation passed? A. It was one day paid on the bar, and another day in the parlour—there might be a third transaction, but I do not remember it.





JOHN GRUBB
 (a prisoner.) I was in the service of Messrs. Barlow, Gill, and White, as porter—Lloyd was the foreman of the warehouse where I worked—Dunn was my fellow-porter there; in September last, Lloyd, Dunn, and I, came to an agreement to keep the sweepings of the warehouse all together—I had seen Rutter on the subject of these sweepings several times, and on the morning of the 18th of March, I saw him going by the warehouse—I do not think Lloyd had come from breakfast—I do not believe he came in then—Rutter said he wanted the sweepings on that day—this pocket is vhat we call sweepings—he was to give 3d. or 4d. per pound—that is the usual selling price of these hops—Rutter said he wanted them in as soon as possible—I told him we had got no empty pockets—he said, "Come down, and I will give you two"—I went, and he gave me two—he and Lloyd were present when this pocket was packed, in the store-room—Mr. Saxby's five pockets of repacks were in the bottom floor of the warehouse—Lloyd certainly knew that these were to go out as Sax-by's property—Lloyd said he should write anote in Saxby's name—this is the

note he wrote (reads)—"Mr. Rutter, Please to receive one pocket of repacks, from T. Saxby"—they were to be delivered, and this note was to have been sent with them, but it was not, for they went off before the note was written—they were to have been sent in Saxby's name, as hops had been sent before to Rutter's.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You made several statements on this subject, I believe? A. Yes; at Union Hall—Saxby has, in my hearing, given orders to Lloyd, to let Rutter have hops—Lloyd did not pay me for the hops—I said he did—there are many untruths told.

Q. Why did you tell an untruth? A. To escape detection, all of us, and I included.

Q. Upon your oath, is it not to escape conviction and punishment that you are now telling what you are? A. Yes.

Q. Did you care who was punished if you escaped? A. Yes—I never gave King's evidence before, that I swear—I remember a cast of arson at which I was present—that was at Northampton, in the year 1830—I was not taken up—I was never accused of being a party—I was a witness for the prosecution on that occasion—I received 10l. for that case of arson—for giving evidence, and my trouble—I never boasted of it—I know a man named Edwards—I dare say I have mentioned to him that I had received the 10l.—I cannot tell how long it is ago—it may be twelve months, or two years ago—I do not keep such things in my head—I did not remember it when you first asked me—Edwards is not employed in the warehouse now—he left twelve months ago last March—Lloyd did not pay me any money for these hops.

Q. Did you not say he had, and that you put the money into your box? A. Yes; but it was not true—I was advised by my friends to turn King's evidence—some professional gentlemen had been to the prison, to see me—Mr. Robinson has been, and Mr. Warner—the man against whom I gave evidence against, in the case of arson, was hung.

COURT. Q. Was there a reward for the conviction of the party? A. Yes; 500l.—my father got 50l., and I got 10l.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long have you been in the service of Messrs. Barlow and Co.? A. About four seasons, since this trial at Northampton; the 10l. which I received was for giving evidence—I spoke the truth then—I was never charged with participating in that fire—my father was constable at that time—I was not apprehended—I assisted my father on that occasion—I was a witness in consequence of something that I heard the prisoner say at the blacksmith's shop.

COURT. Q. Were you an accomplice? A. No; and I was not accused of being one.





ROBERT TAYLOR
. I acted as clerk to the Justices at Union-hall, at the examination of the prisoners—the statements were made, but the prisoners refused to sign them—I took the depositions on the night of the 18th—this is a faithful transcript of what they said—I took it myself—I tendered it to them to sign; Rutter said he could not do so, without his attorney would allow it.

Cross-examined by
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You say these were taken from the prisoner's mouth? A. He did not say all this, from beginning to end, as it appears here—the Magistrate put questions to him, and they are not down—what he said in answer to the questions I have made into a narrative—an answer might be one of explanation—I did not take down what I did not think essential—he was, perhaps, three or four minutes under examination

—he said all that I have taken down—he might have said a little more, which I did not take.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you take it down in presence of the Magistrate? A. Yes; and he authenticated it. (read.)
"The prisoner Lloyd says, I agreed with Rutter to-day about the hops—he came to the warehouse about them soon after dinner—he said what he generally says; I want some cuttings, two or three hundredweight—the agreement was made—some time past Mr. Saxby allowed me to let Rutter have cuttings, at five guineas per hundredweight—the cuttings were ware-housed at Messrs. Barlow, Gill, and White's—I do not keep the account of cuttings I sell for Mr. Saxby; there is a slate kept for that purpose—a young man, named Ling, takes it from the slate into a book—I have been paid for the hops—I have had 7l., and he told me he would bring 10s. more—I sold the hops at the rate of five guineas per hundredweight—I did not care whether I had the 10s. or not, because I knew I had not given the full value of hops for the money—I do not know how much went out—I gave instruction to Grubb to weigh it—I understood there was one hundred-weight, one quarter, nineteen pounds—there was a deduction of six or seven pounds to be made from that for the pocket—I was to account to Mr. Saxby for the money—I received the 7l., in gold, this day."
"The prisoner Rutter says, I have been in the habit of purchasing hops of Mr. Saxby—I agreed about the hops a few days since, when I paid down 7l.—I was to have a hundred and a half of hops for that—I saw Lloyd today—I told him to send me the hops—I agreed with Mr. Saxby about the price—I had some cuttings on the 7th of March—Mr. Saxby owes me about 10s., which I have overpaid."
"Taken before me this 28th day of March, 1835.





JAMES TRAIL."



Rutter's Defence. The first transaction I had with Saxby was in January, 1834—I then purchased hops to the amount of £1,000; since then, I have bought hops of him, for which Lloyd received the money, and accounted to Saxby.
(David Edwards, a coal-dealer; Evan Evans, tailor and draper; Stephen Danby, builder, Crosby-row; John Jones, dairyman, Swan-alley, Coleman-street; the Rev. John Tudor Rowland; James Ball, a cabinet-maker; James Preston, shoemaker, Cumberland-street; and John Amor, publican, Crosby-row, gave Lloyd a good character.)
(Evan Davis Thomas Steet, of Horsleydown, tailor and draper; Robert Barns, of Calcutta-place, East India-road; John Plass, ship-owner; Barnard Hall, Paye's-wharf, Bermondsey; John Ord, cheesemonger, Old Kent-road; Richard Edmonds, Townsend-street, Kent-road; John Elgee, of the Swan Inn, Kent-road; Edward Elgee, Kent-road; David Botcherby, of Camberwell; Henry Yellowdale, of Kent-road; Richard Gibbons, Hertford-place; Robert Fuller, hay-salesman, Dover-road; James Grey, Hartley-place; and Hugh Eastman, an Insurance-broker, of Cloudesley-place, gave Rutter a good character.)

LLOYD—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

DUNN and RUTTER—


NOT GUILTY
.
