



1972. 




JOHN SULLIVAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of August, 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 reticule, value 1s. 6d.; 1 purse, value 2d.; 1 sovereign, 13 shillings, and 4 sixpences; the goods and monies of 



Thomas Hudson, from the person of 



Sarah Hudson.






SARAH HUDSON
. I am the wife of Thomas Hudson, a music-seller. On the 12th of August, at ten o'clock at night, I was in Charles-street, Drury-lane, walking with my daughter—I had my reticule in my hand, with the string twisted round my finger—It was snatched from me at the corner of Charles-street, and the broken string left twisted round my finger—I never recovered it—the person ran away—I followed him—the prisoner resembles the man in height and stature, but he was differently dressed—I cannot tell whether he is the man—he made his escape—this was Wednesday-night—I saw the prisoner last Monday at Bow-street.





ELLEN SAUNDERS
. I live in Drury-lane. I have known the prisoner nearly six months—I observed him frequently idling about but never spoke to him—I stood at the door of the house, where I have lived nine years, and saw a whole lot of young fellows standing at the corner—the policeman came and sent them away, and in a few minutes the prisoner came back with one or two more—two ladies came up with reticules of a dark colour—the prisoner stood inside a place, and snatched the reticule, and ran away—I saw him do it—the lady cried, "Stop thief"—I followed the lady, and told her to go no further, or she might get hurt—I was telling somebody what I had seen, and the policeman heard me—the prisoner was not in a company with any body when he did it.

Prisoner. Q. How was I dressed at the time? A. I cannot say what dress he wore, but I know his face very well.

Prisoner. She keeps two houses of ill-fame, and has only come for her

expenses. Witness. I was never before a Justice in my wife—I would not have gone up, if I had not been heard to say what I knew.





WILLIAM PLUMB
 (policeman F 6). Another woman described the prisoner to me—I cannot find her—my brother sergeant told me what this witness knew—I went to her, and was obliged to summons her before she would come forward—I apprehended the prisoner in Charles-street, on the 31st of August, in bed—on the way to the station, he asked me what I took him for—I said, "On suspicion of stealing a reticule"—he said he wished me luck with it, but if he had known what I wanted, he would have had my b----life, or I should have had his, before I should have taken him, and that he had a poker behind the door on purpose—I did not tell him what I took him for till I got him out in the street.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

