





1926. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     PORTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of September
, 3 flutes, value 15l. 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Gerock
                        




                     
                  , his master, in his dwelling-house
            .


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  GEROCK
               



            . I am a music-seller
, and live in Cornhill, in the parish of St. Michael


. I was not apprized of any loss till 
               
                  Charles 
                  Crook
               



             brought a flute to me, which I knew to be mine, on the 23rd of September - the prisoner was my porter
, and has been so since the 3rd of July.


                  CHARLES 
                  CROOK
               



            . I am an assistant to Mr. Grant, pawnbroker, No. 70, London-wall. On the 23rd of September the prisoner pawned this flute with me for 1l. 1s. - I am confident of his person.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you seen the person before? A. Never - I gave him a duplicate, and have the counterpart; ours is a shop of considerable business - there are goods hanging in the window as in other shops; I do not consider it dark - the light is certainly impeded by the things in the window; he was not long in the shop - I did not write the duplicate for him, but was close by when it was written; it was taken in under my direction - I did not speak to the person who offered it; I believe he had a black handkerchief on - I am sure he had no great coat; I do not know the colour of his body coat, and am not certain whether it was a frock or body coat; I do not remember his dress, but have a perfect recollection of his face; the person who dealt with him is not here - he is well, and could have been here.
Re-examined. Q. Have you a doubt of his person? A. None.


                  STEPHEN 
                  STEPHENS
               



            . I live in Long-lane, Smithfield, and am shopman to Mr. Whitaker, a pawnbroker. I havea flute, which I got from the prisoner on the 3rd of September for 15s.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you known him before? A. I never saw him before to my knowledge; he was not in the shop above five or six minutes - there were other people there; I transacted the business with him - I was writing the duplicate part of the time, and looking at the flute; I recollect he had a blue coat on, but do not recollect about his cravat - it was a body coat, buttoned up as he has it now; he had a black hat - I swear to his person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RUDGE
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner, and found nothing on him; this flute was delivered to me by Mr. Crook.
MR. GEROCK. I value the two flutes at five guineas each; I have examined them - they are mine, and those I lost; they would not be sold for that - I value them at what they cost.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you any private mark on them? A. No - I have a good many of this description; I have sold some, but not these, for I never send one out of the house without a mark - that is a rule in the house; I make them myself - if this was put into my hands fifty miles off I should know it, if it was in another manufacturer's shop; I swear no other maker makes flutes as I do - I have been thirty-five years in London, and if any flute was put into my hands, I could tell who made it without any private mark; I do not think more than twenty or thirty persons make this kind of article - I have no patent; I have four or five journeymen in the flute line - they do not work for other houses.
Re-examined. Q. Is your name stamped on that? A. Yes; no other maker has my name on his flutes - I always have a mark put on what goes out besides my name.
Prisoner. I leave it entirely to the mercy of the Jury.
MR. GEROCK. I made this flute myself - there is an unicorn on the top of my name, and when I send any to a customer I put a star under my name, which is not on this.




               GUILTY (of stealing, to the value of 99s. only
            .) Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
