






224. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOLMES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     COSTELLO
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of November
, 2 saws, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Curry
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 saw, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cook
                        



.
JOHN CURRY. I am a carpenter
 and live at No. 1, Hertford-place, Somers'-town. I lost these saws on the 23rd of November, but did not miss them till the following Monday, when I came to work; I had left them in the back-parlour, concealed, under some bundles of laths, in a house in Jermyn-street, Piccadilly


 - I saw them again at Marlborough-street; these are them.


                  EDMUND 
                  DARNLEY
               



            . I am shopman to David Jones, of No. 185, High Holborn - he is a pawnbroker. I have two saws pawned by Holmes on the 23rd of November, one for one shilling and sixpence, and one for two shillings, in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Parker
               



             - this one saw was claimed by Cook.
Holmes. Q. What time did I pawn them? A. Between six and eight o'clock; I can swear you pawned them- I can swear to your person, you came into the last box by yourself - we were not busy at the time.


                  PETER 
                  DIXON
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker, in High-street, St. Giles' - Costello pawned this tenant-saw with me on the 23rd of October, between seven and eight o'clock, in the name of John Costello; I am certain he is the person.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am a constable. On the Saturday in question, I saw the two prisoners in company, in Jermyn-street, near the building where this affair took place, I think it was about seven o'clock - they were walking and standing about, and a third person was at a distance; in a day or two afterwards, I heard the men had lost their too's. and went to the pawnbroker's and found these saws- this one was claimed by Cook, but he is sick, and could not attend.
Holmes. Q. Did you see us in Jermyn-street? A. Yes, on the day of the robbery, and I took you ten days afterwards.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Holmes' Defence. On the night he says the robbery was committed, I never saw this prisoner.
Costello's Defence. On the Monday week following, I was walking with Holmes, and Gook took us - I know nothing of the saws, and never saw them; if I had been guilty I should not have pawned them in my own name.
HOLMES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
COSTELLO - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
