




1652. 




JAMES ROBINSON M'LAGAN
, and 




GEORGE WESTLAKE
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
4th of May, 1 sack, value 2s., and 100lbs. weight of flour, value 1l., the goods of 



Jesse Manning, their master.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN HART
. I am a baker, and live in Church-street, Bethnal-green.
The prosecutor is my nephew, and keeps a shop in High-street, Shadwell—the prisoners were in his service—on Saturday the 4th of May, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was driving my cart down Ratcliffe Highway, towards my nephew's, and saw the two prisoners together, coming from my nephew's, and going towards Rosemary-lane—Westlake had a basket on his shoulder—I went on to my nephew's and spoke to him—I then went after them—when I got to a print shop, I saw them sitting on this sack, with about 100lbs. weight of flour in it—I said, "You are pretty sort of fellows, this is the way you rob your master is it?"—I said, "You had better put it in the cart"—I took them and the flour back to my nephew's—I said to the prisoners, "You deserve transportation for this"—Westlake said, "I do, if you follow the law I shall be transported"—I said, "How did you get it out? in small quantities?"—M'Lagan said, "We took it all out, the whole cotch, this morning"—they offered to give 10s. a piece for it, but my nephew would take no money.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. What are you? A. A baker—I took the shop for my nephew—I have no share in his profits—I sell him his flour—I am not answerable for his rent—I took the house for him, and his name is up—he was with me when I took it—I do not think I ever served a loaf in his shop since the first night—I was not represented as the master—he keeps no book at all, as he is giving no credit—he had one hundred and forty sacks of flour of me to commence business, but he is to pay me for it—it came to very nearly 400l.—he has not consumed the flour—he has paid me about 332l.—I recognised the flour which the prisoners had—it was part of a lot of thirty sacks, that I had from Thornhill

wharf—I have a shop of my own, and another nephew of mine, the prosecutor's brother, is in another shop in the Dog-row—I have had losses, but have always paid my creditors—no accident ever happened to me—I have been twenty-three years in my shop—I never had either of the prisoners in my employ—I hired M'Lagan for my nephew—I agreed that he was to have 24s. a week.

MR. DOANE. Q. Had you any thing to do with him after you hired him? A. No, I do not pay the rates for my nephew's house—I have no share in his business—I could not swear to the flour.





JESSE MANNING
. I keep a baker's shop in High-street, Shadwell. My uncle took it for me—the rent has not become due yet—I have only been there three months—there has only been one rate due, and that I paid—I have no partner—my uncle is not entitled to any share of my profits—the prisoners were in my service—I paid them their wages—on the 4th of May my uncle told me something, he went rafter the prisoners, and brought them back with the basket and this sack of flour—I had thirty such sacks as this, and this is one I believe—and this flour is the same quality—when my uncle brought the prisoners in, he said, "I have brought back your two men, and they have been robbing you"—M'Lagan said they took it out at the back gate on that Saturday morning, and West-lake said the same—they offered me 10s. a piece.

Cross-examined. Q. What led to their saying this? A. My uncle asked them how they got it out, and M'Lagan said, "Master, we took it out this morning at the back gate;" and Westlake said, "Master, we did take it out; I hope you will forgive us"—my uncle asked whether they got it out by a little, or at once, and M'Lagan said, "Master, we took it out all at once"—I have never given a different account of it, to my recollection—I was twenty-one years old last Christmas—I keep no books—I cannot read or write—My uncle put me into that shop—there was a little alteration required, which my uncle paid for, and I have to pay him again—I have paid him part of the money for the flour—I pay him all I have to spare every week—I keep what I think proper, and when the flour is used up we shall settle—I think I have paid him above 300l.—he has got it down in his book, and I trust to his honesty—he keeps the account of what I pay him—M'Lagan had 24s. a week, what bread he wanted, and his lodging; and Westlake had 17s. a week, and his lodging—they were taken into custody on the Sunday morning—I could not find them on the Saturday night.





WILLIAM SHAW
 (police-constable K 73.) I took Westlake—he said, "I am not the only one"—I took M'Lagan afterwards—I told him it was for stealing 100lbs. of flour—he said, "I know nothing about any flour"—I then said, "Were you in Rosemary-lane last night with a man called Trunkey, with a basket, and a sack, and some flour?"—he said, "I was."
(M'Lagan received a good character.)

M'LAGAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.—



Confined One Year.

WESTLAKE—


GUILTY
. † Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
