




1247. 




JANE CARTER
 was indicted for

 stealing on the 
2nd of March, 3 handkerchief, value 7s.; 3 shifts, value 6s., 6d.; 6 table-cloths, value 1s.; 6 shirts, value 15s.; 1 pair of drawers, value 2s.; 4 towels, value 4s.; 1 napkin, value 1 1/2; 1 petticoat, value 2s.; 4 pinafores, value 6s.; 4 bed-gowns, value 6s.; the goods of 




Barney William Wood, her master; and 





ANN BUTTERFIELD



, for feloniously receiving the name, well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statute, &c.,; to which Jane Carter pleaded.




GUILTY
.





BARNEY WILLIAM WOOD
. I keep a public house in Whitecross-street, Cater was my servant, while she was with me I lost the articles stated—I knew that Butterfield was acquainted with her—she lived in a court a little way from my house—I spoke to Butterfield about this—she said she partook of the property that my servant had taken and brought her, and if I would let her go she would speak the truth—she gave me the duplicates of what she had pledged—she did not deny pledging them.

Butterfield. I sent for you, and told you I had the tickets—you said you would forgive me, and not sent me to prison, Witness. No, I did not.





CATHERINE HANNAH WOOD
. I am the prosecutor's daughter. I know the property, but I do not know anything about Butterfield.





THOMAS BROOK
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce the whole of the property, which was pledged by Butterfield, all in her own name, as her property, some portion of it more than twelve months since.





GEORGE GLADWELL
 I am a policeman. On Monday evening, the 14th of April, I apprehended Butterfield at her own house—in going to the station-house, she told me that the property she had pledged was Mr. Wood's,

and she knew that Jane had stolen it—the duplicates I received from Mr. Wood—when I went to apprehend her, she was in the passage in the dark—I found it was her by her voice—she called to Mrs. Johns, but I would not allow her to see her—I took her out—she told me what I have stated in Banner-street.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

BUTTERFIELD—


GUILTY
. Aged 41.— 



Both Transported for Seven Years

(There were two other indictments against the prisoners.)
