





1014. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ANSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of February
, 13 handkerchiefs, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM BROWN. I am a linen-draper
, and live in Beech-street, Barbican


. On the 20th of February, about half-past five o'clock, I saw these handkerchiefs full two feet within the door; and about six I heard a bustle in the street, went out, and the prisoner was brought to my door with the handkerchiefs in his possession - I did not see them taken; I am certain of them - they have my shopmark on them.


                  FREDERICK 
                  PITE
               



            . I am a hatter, and live opposite to Mr. Brown. About half-past six o'clock I saw the prisoner, with a companion, lurking about Mr. Brown's door- I saw the prisoner take a piece of print, as I thought, from inside the door, and conceal it under his coat; I followed, and took him about four doors off with it under his coat - I also collared the other, but he struggled and got from me; he was taken at the end of the street again, but was afterwards rescued.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  PARRY
               



            . I was on duty as patrol, and received the prisoner in charge.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that three boys ran by him, and dropped the goods, which he picked up, and was immediately taken.


                  FREDERICK 
                  PITE
               



            . I saw him take them, and saw nobody but him and his companion - I had seen them in company for ten minutes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
