



1197. 




ANN CAPON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
29th of March, 1 watch, value 1l.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 5s.; 1 jacket, value 5s.; and 1 bonnet, value 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



Thomas Daley.






THOMAS DALEY
. On the evening of the 29th of March, I saw the prisoner in Drury-lane, standing by a cookshop—I said, "You seem very cold"—she said, "I am cold and hungry too"—I said, "Well, step with me, I have got an old gown I will give you to wear"—she went to my house—I looked out an old gown and shift, and while she was putting those things on, I went to the cupboard, and cut her a slice of bread—I told her to sit by the fire, and warm herself; and while she was eating the bread, I said, "You can go and get yourself something to drink,"—I gave her a shilling to

get some gin, and while she was gone I went into the next room, and heard a footstep come into the other room—she said something, and I said, "I will be out directly"—I came out almost directly, and found the room door and street door open, and nobody there—I looked round, and missed my boy's clothes and watch, and a woman's bonnet—I am sure I did not give them to her.





WILLIAM SPICER
. I keep the Two Brewers in Little St. Andrew-street, Seven-dials. On Thursday morning, the 30th of March, the prisoner came to my house, and came to the bar with her bosom quite open, and seemed tipsy—I said, "What do you do with your bosom open, why don't you pin it up?"—I reached across the bar, and took this watch from her bosom, and said, "How came you by this?"—she said, "My grandmother gave it to me, and she lives in Marylebone-lane"—I did not believe her, and gave her into custody.





DAVID FARROW
. I am shopman to Thomas Hodges, a pawnbroker, in Drury-lane. On the morning of the 30th of March, the prisoner pawned a boy's dress with me—I am certain of her person.





JOHN WOODYEATT
 (police-constable F 84.) I received this watch from Mr. Spicer on the 30th of March.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor in Drury-lane, about twelve o'clock—he asked me to go home with him—I said, I did not know how far he had to go—he said, "Not far"—he took me to his house, and gave me gin and water, and cut me a slice of ham and bread—while in conversation, I certainly happened to say I had been very much distressed latterly, it being a severe winter; and from that, it appears, he has taken my words from me, and made it out charity—but before I went home with him, nothing passed about being distressed—when I told him that, he gave me a gown, but nothing else—he said he thought "it would look better than the one I had on, and I had it on at Bow-street—he said he was a working man, and had a little money, but he should want that—that he had to go out next morning, and would trust the watch with me, and I was to bring it to him at ten o'clock the following morning—accordingly I did not part with it—after being in his company nearly an hour, he gave me a shilling to fetch gin—I could not get it, and returned—he said he was shutting the back parlour—I said, "I did not know whether I was right or not"—I sat down full a quarter of an hour, and as he did not come out, I thought he had somebody particular there, so I got up, and went home.





THOMAS DALEY

re-examined. It is false—I never lent her the clothes, the bonnet, nor the watch—I never saw her from the time I gave her the shilling till I saw her at Bow-street—I did not take her there for any improper purpose, but took charity on her—I had no other view in it.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
