





330. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LEWIS
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for embezzlement
            .


                     WILLIAM 
                     BURCHETT
                  




               
            . I have a warehouse at No. 29, Cheapside - I am a shoemaker
 - the prisoner was my shopman
 in September last, and for nearly four years; and in the habit of taking goods out occasionally - he was to bring back the money - I carry on business in the name of Williams and Co - I am the only person interested in the business - Mr. Thorne, of Bucklersbury


, is a customer - I sent the prisoner, about the 12th of September, with a pair of boots, which came to sixteen shillings, which he was to bring back - he came back and told me Thorne was in great haste - that he was going into the country for a few days, and would call when he came back and pay me - I have a customer named 
               
                  Frederick 
                  William Montague
               



            , a surveyor - the prisoner was sent to him with a pair of boots, for which he was to receive twenty-seven shillings - he came back and said Mr. Montague was going into the country for a short time, and when he returned he would also call and pay me - that was on the 4th of September - he brought me back no money - Richard Heatley owed me 7l. 14s. 9d. - I sent the prisoner on the 16th of September for it - he came back, told me Mr. Heatley was in the country, and would not return for a fortnight to come - he brought me no money from him - the prisoner had twenty shillings a week wages, and boarded in the house.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you go by any other name than Burchett? - A. No; nor ever have - I have never gone by the name of Williams - I have no cause to sign that name - we make out bills of parcels as Williams & Co. - I might have signed a bill in the name of Williams & Co. - I attend to the business.
COURT. Q. Have you held yourself out to the world, or led people to suppose your name is Williams? - A. Not at all.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. That you mean to swear? - A. Certainly - many customers deal with me, and may not know but that I am Mr. Williams - I have never given them reason to believe that I was Mr. Williams, or that I was not - I may have put "Williams & Co." when I have received money - I have put the name of Burchett more frequently than Williams - Mr. Williams became a bankrupt, and Mr. Hurder took the stock - he was security to the assigness - Williams is my brother-in-law, and so is Hurder - Williams's name is rated in the parish books - the business is in the name of Williams - it goes on as itdid before - Mr. Hurder's name is not entered in the gas rate-book.
Q. Is Mr. Williams, who has become a bankrupt, a lunatic? - A. He is at present at liberty - he is generally reported to be out of his mind - he is in business at the corner of Fetter-lane - he is a shoemaker - he carried on business where I do, before he was a bankrupt - after he became a bankrupt, Mr. Hurder was security for the stock - Williams went away - his name remained on the door; and I took the concern - I think that is about four years ago - I did not take his name from that time - I never represented my name to my customers at all - if they had asked my name, I should have told them certainly - if a person asked my name, I have told it them - I have not represented that Mr. Williams was the owner of the business, and that I was employed under him - I swear that.
Q. Do you remember, on any occasion, of a summons being taken out against a supposed debtor of the firm of the name of Britain? - Yes: I summoned him for a debt - I am free of the city.
Q. How long have you been free? - A. I do not know that I am compelled to state - I do not choose to tell you- when I summoned Britian, I did not represent that the business was not mine, and take out a summons in the name of Williams, and sign the name of Williams - on the contrary, the summons was taken out in both names - both my name and Williams were given in, as the firm stood in Williams's name - they would not grant a summons without both names were given in - I remember the shop being robbed at one time by a man who was charged with it - the prisoner was a principal witness on that occasion; and I then told the prisoner, as the name of the firm was Williams, he ought to have given in the name of Williams - I did not tell him to state that I was managing the concern for Williams, who was a lunatic - I might have told him to say Williams was a lunatic - I do not remember that I did - I cannot say either way - I did not tell him to say anything - I merely said, as the firm went by that name, that it would be more proper to give in the name of Williams as the prosecutor.
COURT. Q. Did you mean you recommended him to give the name of Williams as the prosecutor, when he was not? - A. It was after the prosecution; he gave in my name - I said, "I think you ought to have given the name of Williams" - not as proprietor of the goods - I did not instruct him to state the property belonged to Williams.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You did not hear him state that? A. I was not present - I never told him to say Williams was owner of the goods, or that I managed the business for him - I did not say I had rather the man had got clear than I should be represented as the proprietor - I think I can swear that - I will not swear it.
Q. Pray did you tell the magistrate, when you went before him, that the firm of Williams and Co. kept no books? A. We do not keep books - I have a book which I call a memorandum-book - we sell for ready money - I could not say that we kept no books, because I produced a book - I said we did not book goods - I did not state we kept no books whatever - I said we kept no book but a memorandum-book - I said that the first time - when I was before the magistrate, the second time, I said I had a memorandum-book, and a book merely for me to put down daily accounts - the third time I produced another book, and said that was all the books I had - we have a book in which we enter measures, but nothing of money transactions - that book is for orders and addresses - I only keep those three books - I never had any destroyed - one is a memorandum-book, the other merely states the money taken in the day - I have that here; it contains the account of the receipts of the till - I never had any more than these three books - I do not keep a bill-book - I do not enter bills in any book - I have no Bills of Exchange - they pass through my hands in business - I accept bills in the course of business, one, two, three, or four, perhaps, in a month - not so many as fifty - I have no book in which I keep an account of those bills - I make a note of them on loose papers, which I put into my desk - they are not afterwards sewn together - I never had a bill-book to enter bills in - my son knows nothing about my bill transactions - the business is transacted in my name, and I accept them in my own name - I never accepted a bill in the name of Williams, never in my life, and never kept a bill-book - those three books are all I have kept - if anybody should say I kept more than that, he would be mistaken - Mr. Hurder is in court - he has nothing to do with the business of Williams and Co. - he is attending merely out of curiosity - he has no interest in the business at all - I purchased the stock from him - I had been in business in the same line before in Crown-street, Finsbury - I live there now - Mr. Hurder lives in the house where the business is carried on - it is let to him - nobody constitutes the firm of Williams and Co. but myself - I have not allowed my children to receive money on my account for the last two years - I had a person in my service of the name of Baines - I have not the third book here, it is merely an order-book and memorandum-book - I believe there is not a shilling of money entered in it - I am sure of that - I had no motive at all for keeping that book back - I could produce it in a few minutes, if you wish - I am not in the habit of drawing bills on Williams and Co. - I never did such a thing - I accept bills in my own name.
Q. Did not you prove under Williams's estate? A. Yes, I did, not on bills, I will swear that - I proved a debt - I think it was for goods he had of me - that is the same Williams and Co. whose name is over the door.


                  RICHARD 
                  HEATLEY
               



            . I live in Mincing-lane.
Q. In September last were you indebted to Mr. Burchett for goods? A. I do not know anybody of that name - I know the prosecutor - I was not aware who I was indebted to - I had goods from the shop in Cheapside, with Williams and Co. over the door - I owed that concern 7l. 14s. 9d. - I think I paid that sum of money on the 15th of September - I took a receipt for it, and hold it in my hand - I have not the least recollection of the person to whom I paid it- I gave him a draft on my bankers.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURCHETT
               



            . That is the prisoner's handwriting - the date of this ought to have been the 16th, Monday - the 15th was Sunday.


                  RICHARD 
                  HEATLEY
               



            . I do not recollect the date.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you dealt with the house any length of time? A. This bill appears to have run on a few months - I do not think I was ever in the shop in mylife - it is a cheap shop, at which my children are in the habit of getting ready-made shoes - I have not the least knowledge of Williams whatever - I never knew the name of Burchett - I cannot say who I paid the cheque to - (receipt read).
MR. 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  WILLIAM MONTAGUE
               



            . I was supplied with boots from a house in cheapside, to the amount of 1l. 6s. - I paid the party who brought them home at the time - he gave me a memorandum at the bottom of the bill- this is it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURCHETT
               



            . This memorandum is the prisoner's handwriting, and the bill itself is his.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I think you said, you paid the prisoner his wages? A. Yes; always - it was never paid by Hurder, not from the time I took possession of the property - he did not pay him in 1831, nor 1832 - he looked to me for his wages, and I paid him.
MR. MONTAGUE. I did not hear of the name of Burchett before this - I know the prosecutor by going into the shop to purchase the boots, and saw him there - I did not hear him call himself by any name.


                  THOMAS 
                  THORN
               



            . I live in Bucklersbury - in September last, I saw the prisoner - I paid him sixteen shillings, about the 13th of February, for a pair of boots which I had from Mr. Williams's, No. 29, Cheapside - I never saw Mr. Burchett till he waited on me on this business - I frequently send to the shop for shoes, but never was in the shop - I paid the prisoner the money - it is a ready-money business, and I took no memorandum of the payment - I did not know Mr. Williams, nor whether he was a servant.
Cross-examined. Q. You said you did not know whetheir it was Mr. Williams, or a servant? A. Yes - I mean the prisoner; I did not know whether he was Mr. Williams - I never saw Burchett - I never heard of his name till he came to me - I knew nothing of Williams or Burchett's concerns.
MR. HURDER examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know when Mr. Burchett took up his freedom? A. No; I do not know whether he was free of the City when the prisoner was taken into custody - I have not heard him say so - I will swear that - I do not know whether he has taken it out since this prosecution - I sold the business to Mr. Burchett, in 1829, as agent to the assignees - the prisoner has fetched goods from my house in Skinner-street.
COURT. Q. Do you know whether Mr. Burchett carried on the business on his own account? A. I know, on my oath, that he has, since 1829.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When did williams, the lunatic, become a bankrupt? A. In 1829 - Mr. Barker, of Northampton-place, and Mr. Brown, of Bermondsey, the two assignees, had all the property - I had my share of it - I had a dividend - I had the whole of the goods - I had no goods out of Willimas's shop after his bankruptey, nor before - I never had any of his goods.
COURT. Q. You have been asked if any of the goods belonging to the bankrupt came into your possession? A. When he became a bankrupt, two assignees were chosen - Barker and Brown were the two assignees, and they gave the whole of the property into my hands, as their agent - I sold it on their account, and they received every farthing of the money - I was employed by the assignees to realize what I could from the property - I did not sell all the goods - he had all the goods in Cheapside; but there are four other shops - Burchett paid the price put on the goods by the assignees.
WM. BURCHETT re-examined. Q. When did you make yourself free of the City? A. I have made two or three applications, but did not take it till to-day - I made my first application two or three weeks ago - the prisoner was taken on the 3d of January - I think it was after that time I applied for the freedom, but I cannot say to a certainty.
COURT. Q. Why did you apply for it just now? A. It had nothing to do with this prosecution.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you not cross-examined by the magistrate as to whether you had taken out your freedom before he would commit the prisoner? A. No; it was not put to me at all - the question was asked me by the attorney, but not by the magistrate - the magistrate said he had nothing to do with it.
Prisoner's Defence. Deeply sensible as I feel at being placed in so disgraceful a situation, and knowing myself innocent, I entreat you duly to consider every circumstance. You will observe by the evidence that I have been for four years engaged in a house of business (for some mysterious motive or other) carried on by three or four different names, each one appearing in the character of proprietor, until some peculiar circumstance calls for the right owner of the property - and one is immediately put forward as such proprictor - such is the case now. Burchett has nothing to do with the property, nor, indeed, half so much as Hurder: I was hired by Hurder and paid several times by him; and I have been in the habit of making out bills and receipts of the firm always in the name of Williams; and on the occasion of a man robbing his shop, I solemnly and distinctly swear he cautioned me not to name him in court, for the penalties he would incur for doing business without his freedom; and he said, "Rather than name it before the grand jury, let the bill be thrown out." Had my counsel have called his son, I should have been borne out in that by the witness. Before the magistrate at the examination, he distinctly swore he kept no books - it can clearly be seen by the jury, if they will inspect the manner the cash-book is kept; it is a mere jargon of figures which no gentleman can understand. The prosecution is merely malicious, because they were aware one of the firm or party would have proceedings instituted against them, and to get me out of the way, being almost the oldest servant in the concern, they bring the charge - there are eight persons who receive money; the prosecutor, Mr. Hurder, Williams, the lunatic, the uncertificated bankrupt has even received money in the shop due to the firm under his own name, and put it in his pocket, and laughed at the way he was cheating the assignees - this is a fact; my fellow shopman, Barnes, would bear me out - it was usual for me on receiving monies immediately to pay them to whoever was in the shop empowered to receive them - they could produce two or three hundred bills in my handwriting and receipts - I was desired by Burchett never to sign his name, but Williams's, which I always did- I never objected to sign my own name, if a customer asked it - I call your particular attention to the fact that none of the witnesses could say I received the money; nor did I; I never received a halfpenny from either of the gentlemen appearing against me - the prosecutor begged Mr. Alderman Winchester, I believe, to punish me in a summary way, to give me a month, and not to have anything more to do with it; he refused - he was asked to produce his books and he swore he had none - I am certain the inspection of the book will clear me from any charge - several customers have paid money - there is not a distinction made; if a customer paid 2l. 10s. and another 2s., it would be immediately placed in the book as 2l. 12s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I carry on the business of a whalebone cutter, at No. 71, St. Paul's Church-yard - I have known the prisoner these fifteen or sixteen years - I had dealings with his father - I always heard he has been a very honest boy - I have also dealt with Williams and Co., Cheapside, for myself and children - I have paid the prisoner in the shop, and he has immediately gone to the desk and given the money to the party there - sometimes I have seen this gentleman, who passed as proprietor of that shop, and I always knew him by the name of Williams - his son, this very day, or a servant in his employ, served me with a pair of boots - I paid the money to his son, (I believe), as he said his name was Burchett at the desk.
Edward Longden, plumber, Drury-lane; 
               
                  Jasper 
                  Croggan
               



            , ale-brewer, No. 12, Little Carter-lane; and 
               
                  Lawrence 
                  Cronin
               



            , Flight-street, Wapping, gave the prisoner a good character.
Mr. BURCHETT re-examined. Nobody but myself and son make entries in the books.
GUILTY. Aged 34. - 


               Recommended to mercy on account of his character
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
