





748. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     STONE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of February
, at St. George, Hanover-square, 8 shirts, value 4l.; 15 cravats, value 1l.; 18 handkerchiefs, value 2l.; 1l cloths, value 8s.; 1 dresing-gown, value 10s.; I flannel gown, value 5s.; 2 waistcoats, value 10s.; I pair of drawers, value 3s.; 3 stockings, value 1s., and 1 jacket, value 5s., the goods of the 
                     
                        
Earl
 of Cardigan
                        



                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  HUGGLESTON
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 22nd of February, between ten and twelve o'clock in the morning, I met the prisoner in the Edgware-road, with a basket on his shoulder, containing this linen - I told him he had been very fortunate that morning, and he must go with me; he immediately threw the basket right upon me - it knocked me into the road; I pursued - I dragged the basket along as well as I was able; he was knocked down by some people in Oxford-street, and secured, without my losing sight of him - I am sure he is the man.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. How long had you known him? A. Some months; he lives within two hundred yards of me - he was in Somerset-street, coming from Portman-square.


                  MARTHA 
                  YATES
               



            . I am housekeeper to the Earl of Cardigan, who lives in Portman-square, in the parish of St. Marylebone


. On the 22nd of February, about eleven o'clock in the morning, this basket of linen was put into the passage of the area, ready for the laundress; there are steps and a gate to the area - I did not miss it till an inventory that was in the basket was brought by the Policeman - Somerset-street is about two hundred yards from our house.


                  HENRY 
                  CAMPION
               



            . I received the property from Huggleston, and took out the inventory - we took them back to the Earl's house.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I work for Mr. Thacker, a shoemaker; I did not go to work on this morning - in Orchard-street I met a female with a man; she asked me to carry this basket to Oxford-street, and she would reward me; the Policeman said I had stolen them, and if I did not bring them back he would take me to the watch-house; I said I would not take them further, and threw them down.




               GUILTY, of stealing, but not in a dwelling-house
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
