





524. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, 1 ream of paper, value 16s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Spratt
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Scott
                  



               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am porter
 to 
               
                  John 
                  Spratt
               



            , a stationer
, in Tottenham-court-road. On the 12th of January, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I received sixty reams of paper into my cart from Mr. Arthur's, on Garlick-hill; I did not miss this ream till the officer came - I only had one ream of that sort - it was a close-bodied cart.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GEORGE STEWART
               



            . I am warehouse-man to Mr. Arthur. I delivered Scott a ream of foolscap, marked"14 1/2lbs., Finch's superfine;" I put it into the cart, which Scott drove; I saw the prisoner in custody with it that evening, and am certain of it, by the wrapper.


                  RICHARD 
                  GEORGE STATHAM
               



            . I am a constable. On the evening of the 12th of January, about five o'clock, I met the prisoner in Bow-lane with four or five young men; I suspected them, knowing them, and when the prisoner came into Cheapside, he threw his apron over a ream of paper, which he had in his arms - I stopped him; the others crossed Cheapside instantly; he said he had bought the paper, and if I would go with him he would show me where - I asked if he had a bill; he said No -I took him to the watch-house, and told him to send for the person he bought it of; he would send for nobody, but said he was employed by one Brown to carry it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner pleaded poverty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
