



1235. 




HENRY ALLEN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
11th of April; 1 stove, value 5s., the goods of 



Joseph Sweet, and fixed to a certain building; and 1 copper, value 5s.; the goods of the said 



Joseph Sweet.






JOSEPH SWEET
. I have a freehold house in High-street, Homerton—I had a stove fixed there, and a copper which was up in the garret, to catch the water that came from the roof—they are here—the copper I am sure I mine—the stove I cannot be positive to—the copper was there on the Saturday previous—I can only say I think the copper is mine—I have no mark on it—I know it—I lost it fourteen years ago, and bought it back again, and it had water in it part of the way up.





ALFRED PAINE
. On the 11th of April, between eight and nine o'clock, I saw the prisoner let this copper down from the top of the house to the bottom—he put it over the parapet, and lowered it down in front of the house—I live next door—I am sure the prisoner is the man.

Prisoner. Q. What was attached to the copper? A. I cannot say whether it was thrown down or lowered down—I believe it was throw down—you are the man who did it—I saw you bring it out of the empty house window—you went up our house to get the ropes—I know the stove—I saw it in the house when it was set.

Prisoner. Q. How long is it since it was set? A. I cannot say—I saw it before and after it was set—there are four rivets and five holes in it, and a patch—I am sure it is the same—he came to my mother's and asked for some ropes—I went up with him to let him have them—he got out at the top of the house, and said he was going to put some tiles on—I thought it was strange at that time of night, and went down—I went out and saw him go along the parapet of the window where these things were, and he went in.





JOHN BEDFORD
. I am a police-inspector. Two days after the prisoner was apprehended, 1 went to Francis Lambert's, and found the stove—the copper was taken into the house of the next door neighbour, (Alfred Paine)—his mother has the charge of both the houses.





FRANCIS LAMBERT
. I live in Bridge-street, Homerton, and am a broker—I bought this stove of the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not offer you, six weeks previous, a stove like this for sale? A. You talked about one, but I never saw it—I have know the prisoner seven years—he lived opposite me—as far as I know he has borne an excellent character—if he was charged with any thing, I might not have known it.





SOPHIA MORTON
. The prisoner came to put a chimney-pot on one my house Monday, and in the evening he came to ask me to let him have a rope, tha the said he had left in my attic—I told Paine, my son-in-law, to go and give it him—I know this copper was in the next house—it was brought into my

house when it came down—I know it by this piece in the side—I have, used. it many years, as I lodged in that house.





ALFRED PAINE

re-examined. I saw it come down in front of the house—I took it up and took it into my mother's—when the prisoner came down to take it, it was gone—he did not see me take it.

Prisoner's Defence. I was employed to repair the chimney—I then went with a soldier to the Adam and Eve—Palmer came in and I asked him to assist me in taking away the ropes and scaffold—he did so—I had no money, and sold this stove to pay him, which was my own—I then went to the house for a cord that I thought I had left there—but the copper I never had—the stove is my own—I had offered it for sale six weeks before.




GUILTY
.* Aged 55.—


Transported for Seven Years.
