





2100. 




FREDERICK SYRETT
 and 



WILLIAM BLAKE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
2nd of June, at 
St. George, Hanover-square, 505 yards of lace, value 112l.; 30 lappets, value 32l.; 14 veils, value 20l.; 12 sleeves, value 8l.; 18 spoons, value 6l.; 1 pair of sugar tongs, value 1l.; 3 studs, value 16s.; 1 watch, value 4l.; 2 coats, value 3l.; 1 cravat, value 6s.; 1 waistcoat, value 12s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 15s.; 2 pencil cases, value 12l.; 2 knives, value 2s.; 1 pair of spoons, value 4s.; 1 head ornament, value 30l.; 1 bracelet, value 20l.; 2 brooches, value 60l.; 1 opera-glass, value 2l. 10s.; 1 purse, value 5s.; 23 sovereigns, 10 half-sovereigns, 100 shillings, 16 sixpences, 1 £40 Bank-notet, 5 £10 Bank-notes, and 6 £5 Bank-notes; the goods and monies of 



Jean Baptiste Reynauld, the master of the said Frederick Syrett, in his dwelling-house: and 





ROBERT AGAR



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the statute, &c. 2nd COUNT against Agar, for harbouring the said prisoners, knowing them to have committed the said felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JEAN BATISTE REYNAULD
. I am a silk mercer, and live in Bond-street, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. The prisoner Syrett was in my service, and had been so for two months and a half—he was allowed to go out every other Sunday—he went out on the 2nd of June, at half-past nine o'clock in the morning—I remained at home till a quarter to four o'clock, and then went out, leaving my maid-servant, Ann Kelly, in the house—my place and property were then all secure—I locked the door myself—I came home about a quarter past five o'clock—the servant opened the door, and gave me information—I went up to my bed-room, and found a great many clothes on the ground—they had been disturbed from my cupboard—the table-drawer was half open—I then went to the dining-room, and found on the ground some of my clothes, which were brought from the bed-room cupboard—when I left, the chiffonier in the dining-room was locked—I found the lock forced, and I missed from a little box in it eighteen silver-gilt tea-spoons and a pair of sugar-tongs—I went from there to the warehouse, and found the door-post had been broken—the door was shut—I had left it ail sound—the lock had been forced—I went to my cash-box, and found it in the warehouse—I found the lock broken open, and I missed 120l. in notes, twenty-eight sovereigns, a half-sovereign, 5l. 8s. in silver, two silver brooches, one bracelet, and one head ornament, set with pearls—I examined the stores in the warehouse, and missed thirty-eight pieces of lace, fourteen chantilla veils, thirty-three blonde lappets, an embroidered shawl, and a muslin pelerine—I missed a

gold repeating watch from my bed-room, also three gold studs, a silver repeating watch, and a silver pencil-case; two coats, a waistcoat, a pair of black trowser, and a black satin waistcoat—one of the coats was a black frock one, and the other a M'lntosh—I also missed several cravats and other things—on the following Sunday I saw two black veils, one white blonde lappet, three white veils, one piece of black lace, and other articles—I found my black trowsers on Syrett—he was wearing them—there was a suit of clothes left behind, not belonging to me.





EDWARD LANGLEY
 (police-constable A 11.) In consequence of information, I accompanied Collyer, my brother officer, to No. 15, New-street, Vauxhall, on Sunday the 9th, about nine o'clock in the morning—Collyer shoved the front parlour-window up, and went in—I followed him, without knocking at the door—we had placed people round the house to prevent an escape—I went up stairs to the front room, first floor, and Agar was the first person I saw—he was in that room—I have known him about six or eight months—I told him he must consider himself in my custody—he seemed surprised, and wanted to know what it was for—I told him for the robbery in Bond-street—he said he knew nothing about it—I commenced searching the room—there was a bed and bedstead in the room—I found on a chair sixty-eight sovereigns and a half tied up in a handkerchief—as soon as I took it up Agar said, "There are sixty-nine sovereigns there—it is my property"—he said he would or he could let me know about them—he was the only person there—I left him in custody of a brother officer, and went down into the parlour where I had at first entered—there was a bed in that room, and under the bed I found some black lace veils in a box, some black and white lace, a shawl, and two silver pencil-cases—Collyer came down stairs, and took a M'lntosh coat off the bed—I then went to the first-floor back room, and found a great quantity of house-breaking implements in a portmanteau.





GEORGE COLLYER
 (police-Constable E 38.) On the 9th of June I went to this house in New-street—I got in first, and found the prisoner Blake on the top of the landing on the first floor—I told him I wanted him for the robbery committed at Mr. Reynauld's, in Bond-street—be said he knew nothing of it—I took him into the left-hand front room to search him, and there I apprehended the prisoner Syrett—I found some lucifer-matches on Blake, which are used by house-breakers—I took Syrett into custody, and found on him a satin waistcoat (he was wearing it) 5l. in gold, and 4s. 3 3/4 d.—the prosecutor claimed the waistcoat—I asked Syrett whose the things were in the room where I found him—he said they were all his—I found in that room this piece of shot silk and this shirt—I took a pair of trowsers off his person at the police-station, and the prosecutor identified them—I asked Syrett what he had done with the M'lntosh—he said it was down stairs, hanging across the bedstead in the parlour—I left him in charge, went down into the parlour, and found it on the bedstead in the room, Langley was in—I took it up stairs to Syrett, and he said, "That is it—it is mine"—we took them to the station-house—I had a small crow-bar delivered to me there—it had been left on the prosecutor's premises—when I was at Queen-square office I heard Agar say he had won the money, or some money—he was in the lobby, talking to Blake.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. He may have said, he had won, the money? A. He might—I had been to Hampton races, 10 consequence of information, and saw Agar there—there are plenty of booths there where

money is played for—I found Blake on the landing, against Agar's door.





ANN NORAH KELLY
. I am servant to Mr. Reynauld. On Sunday morning, the 2nd of June, I saw Syrett get the keys—he slept in the house—about six o'clock in the morning I saw him—he knocked for me at my bed-room—I got up, and about eight o'clock I saw him again—he did not say any thing then—I went down to clean the magazine that morning, and found it open—it ought to have been open—Syrett left the house about nine o'clock that morning—about half-past three o'clock in the afternoon two gentlemen, Mr. Elsmere and Mr. Bates, came to the house—they went with the prosecutor to the magazine, and while they were there Syrett rang at the bell—I let him in—he said, did Mr. Reynauld see him—I said I believed Mr. Reynauld had not seen him—the two gentlemen went away with Mr. Reynauld—I went down into the kitchen—Syrett came down, and told me it was a beautiful day, and it would do me good to go out—I told him I had no friends to go to but a person in Chelsea, and that was too far—he told me I might go to his mother's for his coat—I went out to the Park-gates—Syrett said he had two old friends coming to the house, and he had something to say to them very particular, and I might go out—I said I was so tired I did not want to go but I went out, leaving him there—he told me not to stop more than three quarters of an hour—I then returned, and found the house robbed—he was gone, and there was nobody in the house.





MARY BARKER
. I am the wife of John Barker, of Wycombe-street, Vauxhall; I know Agar and Syrett. On Friday afternoon, the 7th of June, Syrett called on me about four o'clock—I did not know him before—he told me his name was Edgar, and asked me to let him see the house, 15, New-street, which was to let—I went with him for that purpose—he said he would take the house—he came home with me, and wrote his address—the officers have that address—he wanted to go to the house that evening, saying be had two friends coming with their wives from the country—I agreed to let him have the house, and he was to come in that evening—about eight o'clock the same evening, I saw a van pass down the street; as it passed my door Agar called for the key—I gave it to him, followed him to the house, and saw him let himself in—about an hour after somebody came to borrow a bed wrench—I think it was Syrett, but I had no light.





ELIZABETH GIBBS
. I am single, and live in New Bond-street, opposite the prosecutor. On Sunday, the 2nd of June, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw two gentlemen go into the prosecutor's house—I afterwards saw them come out and go away—after that I saw somebody go—in appearance, size, figure, and height, it was Blake—I merely saw his face, but not to speak positively to it—about three quarters of an hour afterwards I saw Kelly ring at the bell, and after staying some time he went in.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it a servant let him in? A. I do not know who let him in—I saw the servant let the gentlemen in, but not the boy—it was after the gentlemen went out that the boy was let in.





ANN NORAH KELLY

re-examined. I let the gentlemen in—there was no other servant in the house but me—it was after the gentlemen went out that I let Syrett in.





ALFRED TAYLOR
. I am clerk at Queen-square Office. I was present at the examination of the prisoners—all three made statements, which I

took down in writing—I believe they were not read over to them—they were not considered of importance—they did not sign their names to them—I heard what they stated, and took it down correctly from the prisoners' mouths—this is the Magistrate's signature, and this is my own hand-writing—Syrett said, "The two men know nothing of this affair—I took a house over in Vauxhall—Agar was only my lodger, and Blake called on Sunday, the 9th of June—he knocked at the door, I went down and answered it, and asked who he wanted—he said Agar—I sent Agar down to him—he had been in the house about an hour when the officer came—he was a perfect stranger to me—he was up stairs when the officer came—the man is innocent as far as I know"—Agar said, "I am quite innocent of the charge"—Blake said, "I am perfectly innocent of the affair—I only called on Agar when I was taken into custody—Syrett is a perfect stranger to me—I was at work at the time for my father, at the West India Docks."

SYRETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

AGAR—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

BLAKE—


NOT GUILTY
.
