





227. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     NEALER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of August
, 72 bottles, value 18s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Hughes
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  TOWNSEND
               



            . I live in Goswell-street


, and am a paper-stainer. I know the prisoner, he was in the employ of Mr. George Hughes; I have purchased wine of him, and the prisoner delivered part of it on the 2nd of August - he came to my house, and said he was sent by Mr. Hughes for empty bottles, and I delivered him five dozen, for which he gave me this receipt; they were due to Mr. Hughes, and I gave them to the prisoner as his servant
 - Mr. Hughes had charged me for the bottles, and the charge was to be taken off when they were returned: (receipt read.)
2nd of August, 1830. Returned five dozen empty bottles for G. Hughes. - J. NEALER.
GEORGE HUGHES. I am a wine-merchant
, and live in Goswell-road. The Prisoner was in my service till July;I expected to receive these bottles from Mr. Townsend: I had charged him with them, and upon their reaching me, I should have given him credit for them; they were worth 15s.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I took the prisoner; I did not make him any promise or threat, but he said he had not taken more than twenty dozen, and he had done it to support his father.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 23rd of August, Mr. Hughes' son said to me, "James, we are very short of bottles, do you know where there are any owing;" I said Yes, at Mr. Townsend's - he said, "Go and fetch them;" I went, and got them - I did not see my master; he was denied, as he was afraid of being arrested for debt - I gave the bottles to his son; and said he had better put them down - he said, "I shall not; come in and have a game at marbles."
MR. HUGHES. He had left me on the 2nd of August.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
