



332. 




SAMUEL LAKE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of December, 1 handkerchief, value 2t., the goods of 



Edmund Charles Long, from his person.






EDMUND CHARLES LONG
. I am a farmer's bailiff, and live near Rochford, in Essex. On the 20th of December I was in Newgate-street about half-past six o'clock in the evening, in company with a friend—somebody spoke to me—I felt my pocket, and missed my handkerchief—the prisoner was pointed out to me—I collared him, and charged him with stealing my handkerchief—he immediately drew it from his coat pocket and threw it between the rails of Christ's hospital, where it laid till the policeman came up, into whose bands I gave him—the officer picked it up in my presence.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. It was dark I suppose at half-past six o'clock? A. Yes, there was light from the shops, and street lamps—there were a great many persons passing and re-passing—I was walking arm in arm with my friend—I never quitted my hold of the prisoner.





EDWARD FIELD HARRIS
. I live with my father in Dean-street, Holborn. On the evening of the 20th of December I was in Newgate-street and saw the prisoner cross the road, go behind the gentleman, put his hand into his pocket, and draw the handkerchief out—I did not see the handkerchief, but I saw him put his hand into his own pocket, after taking it from the prosecutor—I was on the other side of the road—I crossed over and pointed him out to the prosecutor, who seized him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the prisoner produce the handkerchief after he was seized? A. I saw him put his hand into his pocket, and throw it through the railing.





RICHARD MATTHEWS
. I am a policeman. I took charge of the prisoner from the prosecutor, and got the handkerchief from inside the railing of Christ's hospital.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
(Edward Tremain, cabinet-maker, Stepney; and Samuel Dorset, weaver, Woolmer-street, Bethnal-green, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
