



927. 



WILLIAM FLOOD
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
2d of April, 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 half-sovereign, 3 half-crowns, 18 shillings, 8 sixpences, and 3 halfpence; the goods and monies of 



William Ridley, from the person of 



Mary Ridley.






MARY RIDLEY
. I am the wife of William Ridley, and live in Castle-street, Shoreditch. On the 2d of April, I was on the dickey of the Clapham coach—I had about 2l. 15s. in my pocket, there was half-a-sovereign in my purse, and the rest was half-crowns and shillings loose in my pocket—I saw a person near the coach-side taken into custody—he had been hanging on behind the coach—the moment he was seized I found my pocket had been cut, and some money, which remained, fell about the dickey when I got up—I have recovered, altoghether 2l. 14s. 6d.—my pocket was on my side.





JAMES MALLARD
. I am a coachman. I was not driving the coach, but sitting on the roof, behind the box—I saw by the shadow of the gas-light there was somebody hanging behind the coach, close to the prosecutrix—I looked behind, and saw somebody putting his hand towards her petticoats behind—I told the driver to go on steadily—I jumped off the coach, pulled the prisoner down, and said, "You have been cutting this woman's pocket"—the prosecutrix got up, and four half-crowns, 3s., and a half-penny fell out of her pocket—I held the prisoner, called a policeman, and gave him in charge—some money was found on him—I do not know how much.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did the prisoner have the pocket in his hand? A. No; her pocket was tied to her side—the money fell out of part of the pocket—he had the purse in his hand.





JOHN HUMPHERY
. I am a patrol. I was on the bridge, and took the prisoner into custody—he had a steel purse in his hand, which I caught sold of—he made a blow at me, and fell backwards—I seized hold of him, and he dropped the purse out of his hand, with half-a-sovereign in it.


Cross-examined. Q. Might not the purse have fallen out of her pocket? A. No—it was in his hand.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner. When I was at the station-house, he said he felt something in my hand—he did not know what it was. Witness. I did not say so.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
