





1359. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SELLINGER
                  , alias 
ST. LEGER





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of June
, 3 waistcoats, value 30s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 20s., and 1 brooch, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Courtney
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COURTNEY
               



            . I am steward of an East India ship
, and lodged at the Hercules, Leadenhall-street


, for about six weeks, and had a room to myself; the prisoner was a stranger. Yesterday fortnight, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, I missed the articles stated in the indictment, from my drawers - the trousers hung up in the room; I had not slept there that night - I saw all the articles at Hatton-garden on Monday three weeks, and was quite sure of them.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you remember a man in a blue jacket bringing beer into the parlour? A. I was not in the parlour that night; I was in the bar; it is just a fortnight ago since I lost the things -I made a mistake in saying I found them on Monday three weeks; it must be a fortnight ago - I saw them on a Monday; some of my clothes were new - I am certain I saw them at Hatton-garden on Thursday fortnight; it might be before that, but it was not after.


                  JOHN 
                  WARREN
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On the 25th of June, at nine o'clock in the morning, the prisoner was given into my charge by the waiter of the Swan and Sugar Loaf, Fetter-lane, at the corner of Chancery-lane; I found this property on him - Courtney was at the second hearing, and claimed the goods; the prisoner had some of them in his hat - I found the brooch in his trousers pocket; he had got two pairs of trousers on - another officer took off one pair, and Courtney claimed them.
Cross-examined. Q.What did you find on him? A. Three waistcoats, two silk handkerchiefs, and a brooch it was three weeks ago yesterday, I believe, but I know it was Friday morning, the 25th, though I may mistake how long ago that was; I did not know he had two pairs of trousers on when I took him - the prosecutor claimed the inside pair.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I am an officer. On Monday, the 28th of June, I went to Clerkenwell prison, and took a pair of trousers off the prisoner, which Courtney claimed before the Magistrate - he had only one pair on then.


                  JAMES 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I keep the Hercules. The prisoner came there on the 24th of June, and asked for a bed for the night - he slept in Courtney's room, as he was out that night, and left about half-past eight o'clock in the morning, before Courtney returned; nobody else slept there; Courtney complained of his loss very soon after he returned; the prisoner had nothing in his hand but a stick when he came down, and wished me good morning.
Cross-examined. Q. You observed nothing about him? A. No; he looked respectable, which made me not observe him - there were several sea-faring men in my house that night; Courtney's shipmate did not go into his room; I saw none of them there that night - the prisoner might have a dozen waistcoats on without my noticing him.
COURT. Q.Might not these things have been about him without being noticed? A. Certainly; I could not tell whether he had two pairs of trousers on; I could not see the lower part of him; Courtney slept on the second floor - I never knew any body go up to his room.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had a bed at the house; a man in a blue jacket waited on me - he came up in the morning, and asked if I wanted to buy such articles, as he was going into the country, and would sell them cheap; I gave him 3l. 4s. for them, and 1s. for cleaning my shoes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COURTNEY
               



            . I had other articles of apparel in the room, but nothing of value.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
