





59. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ROWLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Cops
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  COPS
               



            . I live in Winkworth-buildings, City-road, and have a situation in the Customs
. On the 22nd of November, between half-past seven and eight o'clock, I was walking in Wood-street


, very near Cheapside, and perceived two persons on the opposite side of the street; they immediately crossed the street together, turned round after me, and came immediately behind me - one of them immediately walked down before, while the other remained; it struck me they were pickpockets - I felt my pocket, and missed my handkerchief, which I had used and put into my pocket not two minutes before; I immediately turned round and caught the prisoner, who was behind me - he was within arms length; on seizing him I demanded my handkerchief - he denied having it; I felt his pocket on the outside, and found a bulk - he said that was his own handkerchief, which he took out and held up in his hand; that was not mine - I felt his pocket afterwards, and the bulk remained; I put my hand into his pocket, and took out a handkerchief which I believed to be mine, with another; he had three in his pocket - while I held up my handkerchief to identify it, he slipped away, and ran very fast; I pursued, but he got away, and in five or ten minutes I saw him in custody -I had called Stop thief! after him, but he got out of my sight; I had not the slightest doubt of his being the man- I could not find him at the moment; the officer took the handkerchief from me, and it was produced before the Magistrate - I did not swear positively to it then, because I had no private mark upon it; I had had it a year or more in use, except once when it had been stolen from my pocket before.


                  ROBERT 
                  TYRRELL
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 22nd of November, in Foster-lane, behind the New Post-office, where I was on duty, about seven o'clock in the evening, and heard a cry of Stop thief! - I ran down and saw him running from Cary-lane; I took hold of him - the people who were passing said he had stolen a gentleman's handkerchief; I brought him back into Cary-lane, and Mr. Cops was holding up the handkerchief - he said, "He has robbed me of myhandkerchief, and I have also taken this one from his pocket;" I myself found an old handkerchief on him, which I gave him back - he said the other two did not belong to him; Cops said this to him directly I brought him back - the prisoner said nothing more.
MR. COPS. I believe this handkerchief to be mine - I have no initials on it; I know it by the pattern and use - it is silk.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about the handkerchief - I never saw it till it was produced; I wish to ask Mr. Cops if he positively swears I am the person who took his handkerchief; the officer observed to me on the way to the Compter, that he thought the prosecutor was intoxicated.
MR. COPS. I do not swear he is the person who took the handkerchief from me, but I can conscientiously swear he is the person I seized, and found in possession of the three handkerchiefs; but two days after I would not positively swear to him - he is the person I saw in Tyrrell's custody, and that is the man I had seized and found in possession of the handkerchief, I have no doubt; I said at Guildhall, I believed the handkerchief was my property, but had no positive mark on it - I believed it to be mine; I had one the same as that a minute or two before.
JURY. Q. Are you prepared positively to swear that the person who was brought back to you in custody, is the same person from whom you took the handkerchief? A. Yes, positively.


                  ROBERT 
                  TYRRELL
               



             I thought Mr. Cops rather strange in his manner, and I might at the time have considered he had been drinking, but since I have been in his company I do not think he was in liquor - I did say so to the prisoner; he certainly knew what he was about.
Prisoner. I was proceeding along Foster-lane and heard a cry of Stop thief! I joined in the pursuit, and saw several persons a-head, and several behind me; I ran on, and being a fastish runner I got a-head of them, and turned Foster-lane - I was seized by a man, and an officer came up; there was nobody with me on the night in question.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
