



130. 




THOMAS PALMER



 was indiced for stealing, on the 
27th of November, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 




Charles Jenkins, from his person.







CHARLES JENKINS
 (policeman A 110.) I was in front of Newgate at the time of the execution—just at the moment the drop fell, I felt my handkerchief taken from my pocket—I turned, and saw it in the prisoner's hand—I was in plain' clothes'—he dropped the handkerchief in front of him, on the fround—I am sure I saw it in his hand—he was the nearest person to me—I picked up the handkerchief, and gave the prisoner into custody—I was in the City on private business of my own. and was not assisting in keeping off the crowd—the prisoner said nothing.

Prisoner. He said at Guildhall that he did not miss it till the person had passed him, and then he saw it in my hand, Witness. I did not.





EDWARD MANNING
. I live in Houghton-street, Clare-market. I was by the side of the prosecutor—I saw him put his hand by the side of his pocket—I asked what was the matter, and saw the prisoner a yard from me—I made up to him, and asked what he had got—I saw him drop the handkerchief from his hand down at his feet—the prosecutor took it up.





WILLIAM STANTON
 (police-constable C 29.) I took charge of the prisoner, and produce the handkerchief—It has just as the drop was falling, at eight o'clock—I was placed on duty, not far off—I heard "Police" called—I turned and saw this officer with the prisoner in his hand—the mob was very great.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming through the Old Bailey on Friday morning—just as I got faceing the public-house. opposite Newgate, I saw the handkerchief on the ground—I took it up—the young man happened to be passing, and told the the policeman that I had taken his handkerchief—he came and laid hold of me—he said he saw a boy running with the handkerchief in his hand.





EDWARD MANNING

re-examined. He said nothing—he told the Magistrate he had nothing to say for himself.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Park.

