





603. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     HAMMETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of January
, 3 brushes, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Green
                     




                  ; and that he had before been convicted of felony
            .
THOMAS GREEN. I was coming out of my shop, No. 90, Leather-lane


, on the 25th of January; Ann Norris came and said, "That man has just unhung three brushesand given them to a woman;" I gave the prisoner in charge of an officer, and went to see for the woman, but we could not find her - this was between five and six o'clock in the evening; they were three large white-wash brushes.


                  ANN 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I saw the prisoner on the 25th of January, unhang three brushes, and give them to a woman, who walked off with them - I told the prosecutor, who took him.
Prisoner. Q. Where was the woman? A. At the other door, waiting and you gave them to her.


                  GEORGE 
                  TILTMAN
               



            . I am in Mr. Green's employ. I did not see any thing done at the shop, but there were three brushes missing, which I had seen two hours before- I had not sold them; I had been in the shop all the time.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been out selling fish - I met a young man, and we were going to have a pint of beer; he went into the shop to get 1d. worth of tobacco, and this young woman said I took the brushes - I had not been near the door; if the woman had them it was unknown to me.


                  EDWARD 
                  SHEPPERD
               



            . I have a copy of the record of the prisoner's former conviction, on the 4th of December, 1828, in the name of Gotier - I attended the trial, and know he is the man; he was committed to Newgate for four months.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
