



1102. 




MARIA BELMORE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
lst of January, 1 coat, value 1l., 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 watch, value 2l. 10s.; and 1 snuff-box, value 1l. 10s.; the goods of 



John Cunningham.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN CUNNINGHAM
. I live in Broad-street, St. Giles, and am a traveller. On the 1st of January last I was in Drury-lane, in the evening—I had dined—I saw the prisoner there—she was not dressed exactly as she is now—I went to a house in Charles-street, Drury-lane—she was very anxious to have some drink—I had part of it, and I have reason to believe it was drugged—I went to bed, and fell asleep in a very short time—when I awoke in the morning, the prisoner was one—I missed my coat, waistcoat, silver watch, snuff-box, my breast-pin, and cash, and all, except my breeches—I saw the prisoner again on the 27th of March, in Hart-street—I followed her, and I said, "How do you do to-night?"—she did not speak at all—she did not seem to know me—I am sure she is the woman—I said, "What is the matter with you to-night? you and I are old friends; why don't you speak?"—she still continued to deny that she had ever seen me—I said, "It is of no use; you are the person that robbed me; if you restore my property, free of expense, I shall not prosecute you"—I met a constable, and gave her in harge—I was drunk, but my recol lection is pretty good—I was infected with drink—upon my solemn oath, I swear she is the person.





ANN GRAY
. I am servant to Mr. Scott, of No. 5, Buckridge-street, St. Giles, a lodging-house keeper. The prisoner lodged there twice with her husband, or a man that pasted as such, of the name of Johnson—she went by his name—on the Saturday fortnight, before I was examined, I went to her to get some rent—I had asked for it before—she gave me the ticket of what she said was her husband's coat—there were three more duplicates that I got from her—I do not know whether this is the ticket of the coat—I did not look at it—I gave the ticket to Scott, my master—the first two I gave my mistress.





THOMAS SCOTT
. I am landlord of the house where the prisoner, and a man of the name of Johnson, lodged—she brought three tickets to my place, as security for rent—she gave two to my wife, and one to me—I took it to the pawnbroker—at last I gave the policeman the renewed tickets—they were renewed in my name when I took them to the pawnbroker—Ann Gray lives with me—she is a servant—it is a brothel—it is not the house I live in, but it is mine.





HANNAH SCOTT
. I got two duplicates from Gray—I put them into the drawer of my room—my husband took them out—they were the same as I got from Gray.





WILLIAM HENRY BAYFIELD
. I am shopman to a pawnbroker in Goswell-street. I have a watch which was pawned on the 2nd of January, and renewed by Scott on the 7th of March—I do not know who pawned it.





WM. RICHARD TUCKWOOD
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Orange-street. I have a coat, which was pawned on the 11th of January—I do not know by

whom—it was by a man, in the name of Johnson—on the 7th of March Scott brought the ticket, paid the interest, and renewed it.





WILLIAM ROBSON
. I am shopman to Mr. Wood, a pawnbroker in St. John-street. I have a snuff-box, pawned on the 21st of January, in the name of Mary Clark—I did not take it in.





HENRY CRICK
. I took in this snuff-box—it was pawned by a woman—I could not swear to the person, but I believe it was the prisoner.





WILLIAM BENTON
 (police-constable E 22.) I took charge of the prisoner—she directed me where to find some duplicates—I went to Mr. Scott, in consequence of what she said, and got four duplicates—they correspond with these articles, and the duplicates produced.





SAMUEL CLARK
, I live in Liquorpond-street. This waistcoat was pawned with me by a man in the name of Johnson.





JOHN CUNNINGHAM
. These are my clothes, and this is my snuff-box—it has my initials on it, and this watch is mine.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
