



241. 




HENRY BENTLEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of November, 3 glazed window sashes, value 30s., the goods of 



Edward Chuck and others, being fixed in a certain building.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be 18 panes of glass, value 1
l.





JAMES GODFREY
. I am an officer. On the 28th of November, I was on duty in Edward-street, Kingsland-road, near an empty building—I heard a noise inside—I listened, and heard some one was there—I went to Kingsland-road, and fetched my brother officer—I left him there—I went and got the key of the house from the shopman—I brought Smith with me—I attempted to put the key into the lock, but I could not—I found there was something inside which prevented me—I then planted Smith at the back, while I got over the wall and attempted to force my way in, but I could not—I heard some persons run towards the front, and I called to my brother officer, who was in front, to look out—I got over the wall again, and I just saw the prisoner rise from the ground—I followed him till he fell down in a garden—I then took him—I got a ladder and a light, went into the house, and found this skeleton key in the lock—two sashes had been removed from the front parlour, and one from the back parlour—these are the sashes.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you seen them in the house before? A. No; it was dark, but it was a clear night, about half-past seven o'clock—I pursued him about three hundred yards—he turned one corner, but I did not lose sight of him—the glass was not in the sashes when I saw it, but I have fitted it to them.





THOMAS ZINZAN
 (police-constable.) I was called—I stood in front, and Godfrey got over the back wall—I saw the prisoner jump from the one-pair window—he very nearly jumped upon me—I had a hard scuffle to get from under him—he ran off—we pursued and took him—he had no hat on, but we found a hat in the back fire-place which he said was his.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you lose sight of him? A. No Sir; in fact, I had hold of him when he first jumped down—I was not alarmed when he jumped upon me—I thought he would come out of the lower room window—he only turned one corner, but he went into the road—I could see him—I was not three yards from him—there were, I suppose, fifty persons running, but I was first next to the prisoner.





ROBERT SMITH
. My father is a plumber. I went to the house and saw the prisoner jump from the one-pair window into the street, without hat or shoes—he had his shoes in his hand—I am sure he is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. You say he had a pair of shoes in his hand? A. I cannot say for two shoes, I saw one in his hand—I was standing at the corner—he was taken in a small fore-court in William-street, Curtain-road—I did not lose sight of him.





WILLIAM CONSTANTINE
. This house belongs to my employers, Edward Chuck & Co.—I have the care of it. I went and found three sashes had been removed—I had not been there for some weeks—it was then occupied—I had passed the house afterwards, but the shutters were closed—the glass had evidently been taken out of the sashes very lately, and the cords recently cut.

Cross-examined. Q. How long before the sashes might have been safe,

you cannot tell? A. No; the putty was not hard—they had been glazed several months, perhaps six months—putty hardens in that time—I had been in the country, and had not been to the house for three weeks—Mr. Chuck has two partners—they are lead and glass merchants—I know the house was their property—I have received the rents for them.
(John McDowell, a dyer; and Sarah Counsel, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
