




2185. 




THOMAS PHILLIPS
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Ann Waugh, about the hour of nine in the night of the 
15th of July, at 
St. Mary Matfelon, alias Whitechapel, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 50 yards of ribbon, value 15s., her goods, and that he had been previously convicted of felony.






ANN WAUGH
. I am single, and carry on the business of a milliner in Whitechapel-road. I occupy the house—it is in the parish of St. Mary,' Whitechapel—on the night of the 15th of July there was a box of ribbon inside my shop-window—I saw it there safe at nine o'clock—Mary Ann Partridge afterwards ran out, and the prisoner was brought into the shop—he put up his hands, and said, "Do not give me in charge, I will never do it again"—the ribbon was gone from the window, and was produced to me—I know it by my own hand-writing on it—I had seen it safe five or ten minutes before—there was merely a crack down the side of the glass before, but not any opening—it had nothing to do with the part that was cut—at the time of the robbery I missed five other pieces of ribbon—this piece here is nearly 9£ yards, and is worth 3s.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where Was the window broken? A. There was a crack down on one side, but the piece that was taken out was across the bottom corner—it was large enough to admit a hand—the box was about twelve inches from the window, and is about two inches deep—we have the parish clock near us—I heard it strike nine, and it had Dot occurred then, but when I went to the station-house it was about half-past nine o'clock—I had been to the door ten minutes before, and the window was broken then—the pane broken was the one which had the crack in it, but it was in a different part of the pane—I was at the end of the shop—I did not look at this particular pane of glass ten minutes before, but I could see that the ribbon-box was all safe, and there was no one at the window.





MARY ANN PARTRIDGE
. I am shopwoman to the prosecutrix. On the night of the 15th of July, I noticed a box of ribbon inside the window—I saw it moving, and ran out instantly—I saw the prisoner close by the pane of glass which was broken—I seized him—he pushed me violently—I asked a boy to assist me—he went after the prisoner and brought him back—there was another boy at the other end of the window—the pane of glass was cracked a little on the side before, but not broken—the next window was cut as a diamond would cut it—there was a piece of gauze ribbon in the box, which I saw move—I missed six pieces—I have seen a piece since, which was picked up—it corresponds with a piece that were lost—a lady brought it into the shop.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the prisoner doing any thing? A. I saw a hand inside the window—I ran out instantly, and caught him—his hand was close by the window then—it was as close as it could be to it when I caught him—I am positive I saw a hand pulling the box down by the corner—another boy was standing at the other end of the window, not opposite the aperture.





WILLIAM ARGENT
.(police-constable H 126.) I received charge of the prisoner, and took him to the station-house—he said, going along, that he was not the thief, for he had got nothing about him—I have produced the ribbon the witness speaks of as being brought into the shop—I do not know where it came from.





THOMAS BIRCHAM
.(police-constable H 33.) I produce a certificate from

Mr. Clark's office, of the prisoner's former conviction on the 4th of February last—I was present at his trial—he is the person who was then convicted—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.
