



240. 




GEORGE WOODFIELD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of November, 1 pencil-case, value 10s.; 3 snuff-boxes, value 20s.; and 1 convex glass, value 2s.; the goods of 



Charles Fergusson Forbes.






CHARLES FERGUSSON FORBES, ESQ
. M.D. My servant was ill some time ago, and I had the prisoner to officiate for him. He did not sleep at my house—he quitted me about the 20th or 21st of August—he had no right to be there afterwards; but I heard him there—on the 26th of November I missed a gold pencil-case, ornamented with turquoise, three boxes, and some other things; part of those have been found.





JOHN EDWARD NEEDES
. I am shopman to a pawnbroker, I have an ivory snuff-box, pawned, I believe, by the prisoner, on the 25th of November, in the name of Charles Reed.





WILLIAM ARPIN
. I am shopman to a pawnbroker. I have a snuff-box, pawned, to the best of my belief by the prisoner, in the name of John Reed.





EDWARD PURCELL
. I am in the employ of a pawnbroker. I have a box and a reading glass—I cannot say who pawned them.





JOHN FLOOD
 (police-constable C 7.) I was called by the cook, and took the prisoner in Dr. Forbes's kitchen. I did not know what the robbery was then; but the prisoner said, "If the person that pawned the boxes can be identified, I shall be done for"—he was standing with his arms folded, rolling against the dresser.

Prisoner. Q. How far was the cook from you? A. I suppose ten yards—I was close to you.





BENJAMIN BATES
. I am an officer. I produce a gold key, which I found in the prisoner's waistcoat pocket, at his lodgings.

Prisoner. Q. Did you know it was mine? A. You told me it was yours.





ELLEN JONES
. I am cook to Dr. Forbes. The prisoner was backwards and forwards in November, and he had an opportunity of getting this property.

DR. FORBES. This property is all mine. I have no doubt of it.

Prisoner. Q. Were they all lost after I left your employ? A. I am not certain whether I might not miss one of them before—you had not access to my plate—I had rather not say whether I suspected you before—

I had missed a great many books, and some sets of books have been spoiled by some of them being taken away.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.
