



592. 



JONATHAN BAILEY
 was indicted

 for the wilful murder of 



Ann Bailey, his wife.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





HANNAH CROSS
. I live with my husband in Thomas-street, Grosvenorsquare, in the same house with the prisoner and his wife. They occupied a shop, a parlour behind the shop, and a bed-room on the first floor—I live in the first-floor front room, over their shop—on the 16th of December, between twelve and one o'clock in the day, the prisoner came home in liquor—he was always intoxicated—I never saw him sober—alter became home that day, I beard him and his wife talking together—there was nobody in the parlour but them I believe—he spoke in an angry tone—I did not hear her answer him angrily—it appeared to me that they were quarrelling (I could hear hex voice)—that continued as much as twenty minutes—after that they were very quiet—after the talking I heard a scuffle, and it was after the scuffle they were quiet—about an hour after that the deceased came up stairs into my room—the complained of her head, and showed me something on it—it was very much swollen in the middle of her forehead, such as would be caused by a blow—I continued to see her from day to day after that—she went about her work as usual—she was obliged to take to her bed on Christmas eve—she had complained of her head every day, from the time this happened till then—the first week of her illness I was with her every day, three or four times a day—the died on Friday the 6th of January—on the Wednesday week before that, she said she considered herself in considerable danger, and asked me to recommend her a doctor, but I could not—the doctor came the next day—she said on the Wednesday, that unless her head was easier the could not possibly live, that the pain was so great—she kept saying after that, that she was afraid she should not recover—the prisoner continued in the house during her illness—I never heard him say any thing respecting his wife's situation—he frequently went into the room and locked the door that nobody else should come in—I was never in the room with him, and never heard him speak to her.

COURT. Q. What did the scuffle sound like? A. Like as if he was poshing her about the place—I heard the trampling of feet, and the pushing about'of chairs, as if they were being jumbled about the room—it lasted about twenty minutes—the talking and jumbling together continued that time—the scuffle lasted about ten minutes—the noise was violent at the time he struck the blow, and she came out of the room as quick as she could, but I did not see her for an hour—the scuffling was not very violent—I heard it distinctly—I went to listen on the stairs—their door was shut, and I did not hear any body else in the room.

JURY. Q. Did you hear the female call out? A. She did not call out loudly, she was only speaking to him after he struck her—I did not hear her call out before that, only crying from the agony of the blow—that was twenty minutes after it was over—I did not hear any blow struck.





CHARLES VERRALL
. I am a surgeon. I was called in to see the deceased on Saturday the 31st of December—I found her extremely ill—in a state of very great danger; and in the absence of any account of the circumstances I considered her sinking from the effects of fever—she at all times spoke very despondingly, but on two occasions expressed herself satisfied she should never recover—that was most particularly on Wednesday the 4th, two days before her death—she made use of very strong

expressions—she had complained that her husband had come into the room and disturbed her, and she said, "Keep him out of the room, and let me die in peace"—I think she was then impressed with the notion that she should die, and I thought her dying too—the cause having been then related to me, I considered she was dying in consequence of inflammation of the brain—I always stated my opinion as to her being in extreme danger, in her presence and to her—I did not try to remove her impression of dying, nor did I add to it—she seemed to say seriously that she should not recover, and particularly on the Wednesday—I had said in her presence that I considered her in great danger, and I believe that was her own opinion—she told me she had received a blow from her husband on the forehead—that it was a very violent one, and had produced violent pains in her head, that it was with the utmost difficulty she had kept about the house for a week—she had taken to her bed a week previous to my seeing her, and she had never ceased to have pain in the head from the time the blow was struck—that was all she said to me, as to the cause of her illness, at any time—she was always consistent in her story—I do not think she made any addition to it—in fact it was all drawn from her in answer to questions I professionally put to her—it was not one uniform narrative—she died early in the morning of the 6th—I examined her body after death—there were marks of violent inflammation of the brain—I found no discolouration of the bone, and no external marks of violence at all—I should attribute her death decidedly to inflammation of the brain, caused, in my opinion, by the blow which she stated herself to have received. (MR. PHILLIPS, on the prisoner's behalf, stated that felt it impossible to struggle against a verdict of manslaughter.)




GUILTY of Manslaughter. 


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.
