





Before Lord Chief Baron Alexander.
319. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CARROLL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Andrews
                        




                     
                  , and stealing from his person and against his will, 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 worsted cap, value 6d., and 5 shillings, his property
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I am a labourer
, and live at East Moulsey. On the 11th of December
, about nine o'clock in the evening, I was at the Toy, at Hampton Court - I called for a pint of beer; the prisoner came in, and said,"Joe, how are you to-night?" he knew me before - I gave him my pot to drink, and he said if I would go out of doors he would sell me a loaf of bread for 6d.; I had just received 12s. as my week's pay - I paid for my beer in his presence; he saw me put 5s. into my cap - he sat on one side of the table and I on the other; I had a sample bag, and put the 5s. into that bag, which I put into my cap with my handkerchief; he saw me do that - I went out with him; he said, as soon as the trumpet sounded he should be at leisure and would fetch the loaf- we went as far as Frog-walk


; he there snatched the cap from my head, with the handkerchief and money in it, without my leave, and ran off immediately, and as heran and said he would go up to the King's Arms - I went there, but could hear nothing of him; I afterwards returned to the Toy, and told Gunner - the corporal afterwards produced my handkerchief; I can swear it was in my cap at the time the prisoner took it - I knew him before, and am certain of him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not buy a cap of me in the taproom? A. Yes - I gave him 6d. for it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GUNNER
               



            . I wait at the Toy tap, at Hampton Court. On the 11th of December I saw the prisoner and prosecutor together - I saw Andrews take his cap off, and pull his money out to pay for the beer; he then put his money into the cap again, put it into a sample bag, then wrapped it in a silk handkerchief, and put it into the cap on his head; they took some beer, and then went out together - the prosecutor came back in a quarter of an hour, and said he had been robbed; he had no cap on then.


                  HENRY 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am a corporal in the 9th Lancers, which the prisoner belongs to. In consequence of information, on the 9th of December, at ten o'clock, I went to the part of the barracks which he ought to have been in, and he was absent - he returned drunk at half past one in the morning, and was lodged in the guard-room by the serjeant.
Prisoner. Q. Was I in the barracks at nine o'clock? A. I cannot say - he was reported as present, but absented himself afterwards; the Toy is about a quarter of a mile from the barracks - if he was present at nine it was his duty to remain all night; I produce a handkerchief which he left in the barracks.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LINLEY
               



            . I am a private in the 9th Lancers. On the 12th of December, between one and two o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to the barracks drunk- he called for a light, which was brought; I saw him take a handkerchief out of his breast - he said he would see what money he had; I saw him with about 2s. 4d. - he concealed it somewhere in the bed, and threw the handkerchief on the bed; he went to bed, and about four o'clock a serjeant and file of guards came in and awoke him - they took him to the guard-house; the handkerchief was left in the room - the corporal has it.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see what money I had with me? A. I did - only 1s. 3d. was found in the morning; he answered to his name at the barracks at nine o'clock, and went out afterwards.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure that is the handkerchief he threw on the bed? A. Yes.
JOSEPH ANDREWS. There is a seam across the handkerchief, where it had been torn; this is the handkerchief in which I wrapped my bag and money.
JURY. Q. How long had you been acquainted with the prisoner? A. For some weeks; I paid some money which I had borrowed - I put this money into the bag, the bag into my cap, and the handkerchief on it.
JOSEPH GUNNER. I am certain the prisoner is the man who was in the room.
Prisoner's Defence. This man says he has known me some weeks - I had not been at Hampton Court above ten or twelve days, and came from Hounslow; I wrote for two witnesses who were at the public-house, but they are not come; I went in there, and asked the pot-boy if he wanted to buy a cap - he said No, but sent the prosecutor to me: I sold it to him for 8d. - he afterwards came, and asked if I had any brown Tommy (bread) to sell; I said No - I went out; he followed, and fell down the steps of the house - I took him up, went home with my two comrades, and answered to my name at the barracks; next morning he came, and picked me out from the other two men, who were in the guard-room; where he says I robbed him, it is not above a dozen yards from the sentry at the gate, and he never heard him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . It happened forty or fifty yards from the Toy, opposite the barrack-gate, about sixty yards from it; I did not see the sentinel.


                  HENRY 
                  PALMER
               



            . The sentinel walks both inside the barracks and outside.




               GUILTY of stealing from the person only
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Life
            .
