





740. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TALBOT
                   (THE YOUNGER)




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, 1 canvas bag, value 1d.; 100 sovereigns, 6 half-sovereigns, 8 crowns, 24 half-crowns, 20 shillings, 40 sixpences, 2 10l. and 4 5l. Banknotes, the property of 
                     

                              James 
                              Talbot
                           



                        , the elder




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
Mr. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  TALBOT
               



            , SEN. I am the prisoner's father; I keep the Ship afloat public-house, Beer-lane, Tower-street





. On the 8th of March the prisoner resided in my house - I had an account to settle that day with my brewer, and had up-stairs a bag of money; I take it up every night, and bring it down in the morning - I took it up on Thursday night, the 7th of March; it contained from 150l. to 160l. - there were two 5l. notes, and a 20l. note; I came down at half-past six in the morning of the 8th, and as I came down the prisoner was standing at the bottom of the stairs - I have no doubt he saw the bag in my hand; I had the key of the bar in one hand and the bag in the other - he was opening the shutters of the house; I unlocked the bar-door, and could not find the key to lock the money up; I put the bag down on the seat, put a parcel over it, and went to take down the shutters of the bar, to enable me to get light - the servant was lighting the bar fire at the time; I was absent about a minute and a half, and on returning to the bar I went to the seat to take the money to lock it up, and it was gone- I spoke to Thorogood, the servant, and in consequence of what she said I looked about for my son, and he was gone; I could not find him - I found him that day fortnight; in consequence of information I went to Offley, in Hertfordshire, expecting to find him, but he had left there - in consequence of information there, the officer went with another person further; I remained at Offley - the officer returned to me in about an hour with the prisoner; he searched him, and found on him thirty-four sovereigns, four half-sovereigns, and two 5l. notes - he could not come honestly by such a sum; I examined the two 5l. notes, and I know them to be part of the money which had been in the bag, as I put a private mark on every note I take - I am sure they were part of the money I had in the bag.
ANN THOROGOOD. I was in the service of Mr. Talbot. On Friday morning, the 8th of March, I was lighting thefire in the bar - I remember master being in the bar; my back was to him - I did not see him place any thing on the seat; I was not in the bar till master left it - I came in while he was taking the shutters down, and I saw the prisoner come into the bar, as I have seen him on other mornings; I cannot swear that he went to the seat - he passed by me, and I never turned my head to look at him; I saw master looking, and I asked what he was looking for - I learnt from him that he had lost his money; I said the prisoner had been in the bar - nobody but the prisoner came into the bar from the time I went into the bar, till my master lost his money.
WILLIAM RAY. I am constable of Allhallows, Tower-street. I went with Mr. Talbot to Offley, in Hertfordshire, on Friday, the 8th of March, and in consequence of information I went to Luton, Bedfordshire, nine miles further, and the prisoner came to the Red Lion there, on horseback, while I was there - I took him into custody, and found on him two 5l. notes, which I produce; the other money I gave to the prosecutor by direction of the Magistrate - he had thirty-two sovereigns, four half-sovereigns, 5s. 6d. a brace of pistols, a silver watch, and a great quantity of wearing-apparel; I had received a caution as to the mode of securing him, and in consequence of that, as he came in, I turned round, laid hold of his hands, and handcuffed him, then drew the pistols from his pockets, and one was loaded with ball - he told me it was a good job I had secured his hands, or else I should not have gone back to my wife and family again.
MR. TALBOT. These 5l. notes are mine; I have marks on them, which I made myself before I put them into the bag - they are two of the notes I put into the bag; it is my dwelling-house.
Prisoner. I am guilty, my Lord.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
