





1895. 




JAMES SLATER,



 CHARLOTTE SLATER
, and 




ELIZABETH FARRELL
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Langan, on the 
10th of July, at St. Ann's, Westminster, and stealing therein 1 coat, value 2s. 6d.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 6d.; 1 waistcoat, value 4d.; 1 pair of braces, value 2d.; 1 shirt, value 1s. 6d.; 1 shilling, and 1 sixpence; the goods and monies of 



James Rooney, since deceased: and 1 coat, value 5s., the goods of 



Thomas Brooks.






THOMAS HOBBS
. I am a policeman. On Sunday, the 10th of July, between four and five o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Broad-street, going towards Edward-street, and saw the three prisoners coming towards me—I had seen the man before—Charlotte Slater had something

in her apron—I stopped her, and the other two passed me—I opened the apron, and asked what she had there—she said her husband's clothes, pointing towards Slater—I laid hold of the coat, and said it was impossible it could be his coat, it was too large, and I called to a man to take take care of her while I went after the other two, and at the bottom of Edward-street I saw James Slater turn to the left, and the female to the right, down Berwick-street—I sent Farrant after Slater while I went after Farrell and took her—I asked her what she had in her bundle, which was paper, she had in her hand—she said, "A bit of calico"—I asked her how many yards—she said, "Two and a half"—I asked her where she got it—she said, "From home"—she afterwards said she bought it at Sewell and Cross's—I asked what she gave for it—she said, "9d. a yard"—I found at the station-house that it was a made-up shirt—she had two latch-keys, which I have tried to the prosecutor's street-door, and one of them will open it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did not Farrell tell you she had received what she had from the other girl? A. Not when I took her—she did afterwards at the station.





THOMAS FARRANT
. I am a policeman. I was in company with Hobbs—I went after James Slater—I came up to him, and told him he must go back with me—he asked what for—I said I would take him to where the females were who had the clothes—he said he knew nothing about the clothes or them, and he would break my head if I touched him—I took him to Edward-street, and from there to the station-house—I found a large key of a street door on him, which I found was the key of his lodging—I told him the females were stopped with the clothes, and I would take him to them—he said knew nothing about any young women, and he had not been in Edward-street—at the station-house he spoke to the prisoner Slater, and after that she said the clothes had been given to her by a man who owed her some money—he had told her to hold her tongue—I then asked her how she became possessed of the clothes—she said a man owed her 5s., and had given her the clothes till he could pay her, and she gave the other girl the shirt.

Cross-examined. Q. Of course you considered that material? A. I thought it right to be known—I stated it before the Magistrate on the first hearing, but I am not certain wether it was down in the deposition—I signed my deposition—I will swear I mentioned it—I do not know that it was not in my deposition.





THOMAS BROOKS
. At the time of the robbery, I lived in King-street, Soho. I was very late on Saturday night when I came in—the man belonging to the things was very much addicted to liquor, and I did not like him to have the key—when I came home, I did not lock the door, but merely shut it to—I went to bed immediately, and deceased man in another bed—I went to sleep, and never awoke till the man awoke me in a state of distraction—I put on some of my clothes—I looked about and found my coat was gone—I had no other to put on—I went into the street in my shirt-sleeves—I saw my coat again at Marlborough-street—I never saw the prisoners till they were at the office—this is my coat—it happened on Sunday morning, the 10th of July, before two o'clock in morning.

Cross-examined. Q. Is the house you live in a common lodging-house? A. It is a cook's-shop, and they take in lodgers—there is only one room for lodgers.






THOMAS HOBBS

re-examined. The place where I met the prisoners was I suppose 300 or 400 yards from King-street, Soho.

Slater's Defence. I had been out with a very old acquaintance, and was proceeding up Drury-lane and met the two females—both of them had a parcel—I was going with one of them—I was about four yards before Slater, when the policeman passed me, and at the end of Old Compton-street, he came to me and asked me if I had been with two girls—I said I had, and he said I must go the station-house—I was asked if Slater was not my wife, and I said she was not.
(The prisoners Charlotte Slater and Farrell received a good character.)

SLATER—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

SLATER—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—Recommended to mercy.—



Confined Six Months.

FARRELL—


GUILTY
 Aged 19.—



Confined Two Months.
Of Stealing only.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

