



1801. 




THOMAS GURRY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of July, 2 pairs of boots, value 27s., and 2 pairs of shoes, value 16s.; the goods of 




Jonas Bateman.






JOHN NICHOLS
. I am in the service of Jonas Bateman, a shoe-maker in Broad-street. On Friday, the 8th of July, the prisoner came to the shop about half-past eleven o'clock, and requested me to take some boots and shoes to Great Russell-street for a gentleman to try on—I took two pairs of boots and two pairs of shoes and went with him—he took me to a pastry-cook's shop in Great Russell-street,—he took the bag from me and went in—he then came out and requested me to go back and fetch two pairs more of pumps, which he had quire forgotten—I went, and when I returned he was gone off with the bag—I had delivered them to him thinking he was going to take them to the gentleman—he did not mention the gentleman's name—the pastry-cook knew nothing of the prisoner—the goods were worth 1l. 15s.—I merely intended to leave them while I fetched the pumps—I have since seen them at the pawnbroker's.

Prisoner. Q. You stated before the Magistrate that I selected the boots and shoes? A. No, I did not, I selected them myself.





CORNELIUS FAULKNER
. I am a policeman. On Tuesday, the 12th of August I took the prisoner in Tottenham-court-road—he declared himself an innocent man, and said he was in great distress; but on getting further he admitted it was the first time, wishing to know what I thought the sentence of the Court might be, if he was convicted—I produce some duplicates which I found in his watch-fob; one is for shoes pawned on the 9th of July.





GEORGE CHAPMAN
. I am a pawnbroker, in London-street, St. Pancras. On the 9th of July, the prisoner brought a pair of shoes to my shop, which I produce—I advanced 3s. on them—this is the counterpart of the duplicate I gave him—he pawned them in the name of "John Gurney"—I had seen him in the shop on other occasions—I am certain he pawned the boots.






WILLIAM COWDEROY
. I am in the service of Mr. Baxter, a pawnbroker, in Norfolk-street, Marylebone. I produce a pair of Wellington boots, which were pawned on the 8th of July, I believe by the prisoner, but I should not like to swear it—the counterpart of the duplicate has been produced by the officer—it is in my handwriting.

Prisoner. Q. In what part of your shop did I go? A. Into the bottom box—I do not recollect what you said—you are the person that pawned them, I believe—I do not know what dress you had on—I recollect you—I was at the office only two or three days afterwards, and recognised you.





HENRY ARCHBOLD
. I am servant to Mr. Bicknell, a pawnbroker, in Tottenham-court-road. I have a pair of boots which were pawned on the 8th July, for 4s—the duplicate given for them has been produced by the officer—I recollect seeing the prisoner in the shop, but I cannot say he pawned these.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I was at a house of call for gentleman's servants, in North Audley-street, and met a butler, who was also out of a situation—we went together to make inquiries for situations—I gave him two duplicates of coats to dispose of for me, and met him by appointment next day, in Tottenham-court-road—he said, "I have a job to valet a gentleman a few mornings, will you do me the favour to go to Bateman's, in Broad-street, and order a few boots and shoes, and bring them to the pastry cooks in Great Russell-street?"—I ordered them and two pair of pumps, and took the shopman with them to the pastry-cooks—I asked if Mr. Thompson lived there; they said, "No"—I left the goods there, expecting he would come for them—I told the shopman to fetch the pumps which he had forgotten, and I would wait till Thompson came—he came in about five minutes and requested me to fetch them out the shop, saying it would appear singular for him to fetch them, as he had not left them—I brought them out to him and walked with him—he left me suddenly in Union-street, and I did not see him again till Monday, July 11—I then asked if he had disposed of my duplicates—he said, "No; here they are, and three more in this bag; I was coming to ask you to take care of them for me, as I have been drinking"—on looking at them I found he had pawned the shoes in my name—he said, "Never mind, I shall have money to-morrow to pay for them"—I have been made a dupe of by him.




GUILTY
. Aged 48.—


Transported for Seven Years.
