





580. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     EDINGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of January
, 2 fur boas, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Theodore 
                     Wipert
                  




               
            .
THEODORE WIPERT. I live at No. 9, Rahere-street


, and am a manufacturer
; the prisoner had been apprentice
d to me for about three years - I missed about 25l. worth of property in August: I afterwards missed these two boas, and the Policeman gave me information.


                  JAMES 
                  JOHN EAMS
               



            . I am a Policeman. I made inquiry, and found one boa at Sadlers'-wells theatre, and another at Glhan's.


                  HENRY 
                  VON GLHAN
               



            . I live in Princes-street. Eams, the Policeman, found a black boa at my house; I bought it of the prisoner on the 15th of January - he asked if I had any boas to sell; I said Yes - he said he had got a man who would buy some, and then he said he had got one to sell himself - he asked me 4s. for it, I was to give him 3s. 6d. for it - I told him to bring it up stairs, which he did, and on looking at it, I said I could not give more than 2s. 6d., as it had two knots in it.
Prisoner. Q. Will you swear that is the boa? A. No, I will not, but I gave the same one to the prosecutor.


                  THEODORE 
                  WIPERT
               



            . I swear to this black boa by the peculiarity of its make.
Prisoner's Defence. It is impossible for any man to swear to such a thing. I bought them of a man.
THOMAS WIPERT. I swear it is mine, because I never made any in this manner before; I had fifty-one of them - I sold one and missed two.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
