



144. 




THOMAS BEE
 was indicted

 for a misdemeanor.






MARY ANN ROACH
. I am the wife of John Roach. I do not know where he is, but his name is down as having enlisted for the Queen of Spain. On the 20th of November, I met the prisoner in Queen-street, Tower-Bill—I had never seen him before—he came up to me while I was waiting for Mary Ann Parish, who was at the baker's shop—he said, "How do you do, my dear?"—I said, "I am very well, I thank you, Sir, but I don't know you"—he said, 'Are you waiting for you sweetheart?"—I said, "I am not, my sweetheart is too far away for me to wait for him," and asked where he was—I said he was enlisted in the Queen of Spain's service—he then asked if he could go home with me—I told him he could not, for I had two children (and one of them is since dead)—the prisoner then said I could have my husband back to me, by my paying him nine shillings—he said he would fetch him back in a fornight, or a month at the farthest—I told him I had not so much with me, But I dare say I could make it up—Mary Ann Parish then came out—I told her the prisoner was the captain of the vessel which took my husband to Spain—(he had told the captain of the vessel which took my husband to Spain—(he had told me so)—Parish said that she should be very glad for him to come back, that she had a helf-sovereign, and she would lend it to me—she went went home, and fetched me the half-sovereign—while she was gone, the prisoner and I went, and had a pint of half-and-half at Mr. Davis's public house, in Swan-street—Parish then brought me the half sovereign, and I gave it in to the prisoner's hand—he did not give me the shilling change—I should not have given him the half-sovereign, but for his pretending that he was the captaion of the ship by which my husband was conveyed to Spain, and that he would restore him in a fortnight, or a month, and seeing that he was a respectable looking man—he said he lodged at the Queen's Head, where my husband had enlisted from.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long before this was it that your husband left you to go to Spain? A. Ten Weeks—I get my living by selling coffee in the street, since I have sold my milk walk—I was on that night standing at a tailors's shop, waiting for Parish—I conversed with the prisoner two or three minutes—I told him I did not want any man home with

me—he told he was captain of the vessel—we went to the public-house parish went with me, and left me and the prisoner together, while she went home—she was not gone an hour and a half—It was about eight o'clock when I first saw the prisoner—I cannot say what time it was when we left the public-house—I did not take notice of the time—I believe it was eleven o'clock when I got home—when he left me, he went down the Minories, and went after him for some document for the half-sovereign, and for the one shilling change—I did not say much while I was in the public-house—I did not sing at all, not attempt to sing—I never sung in my life house together, and he got away into High-street Whitechapel—he put up his hand to an omnibus, and the driver stopped—he was going in—I said "If you are going in here, I shall not get my document, and my shilling, "said Whitechapel—I ran after him, and the policeman stopped him—He did not follow him about till he was obliged to call the omnibus to get rid of me—husband till he went away—he had been in a situation in the Custom-house nine years—he left there at ten o'clock one morning with out my knowing it—Parish gets her living by hat trimming and picking, and her husband is a sawyer.





MARY ANN PARISH
. I was in the baker's shop that evening, and when I came out I saw the prisoner in conversation with the prosecutrix—she said in the presence of the prisoner, that that gentleman represented himself to be a captain who was taking a ship of recruits for the Queen of Spain, and by her paying him nine shillings, he would be able to get her husband back in a fortnight, or a month at farthese—she said, she had not nine pence in the world, much more nine shillings—I said, "Mrs. Roach, you shall not be lost, if nine shillings will be any object to you—I can get half-a-sovereign, and lend you"—I took my bread home, and borrowed half-a-sovereign of a friend—I then returned to the prisoner and Mr. Roach—I found them coming up Swan-street—I gave her the half-sovereign, and saw her give it to the prisoner—I then left them.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. I get my living by hat trimming, and work for respectable gentleman, and go out charing—my husband is a sawyer—we live together—It was near the top of Swan-street that I gave the half-sovereign to Roach—when I saw her give it into the prisoner's hand I left them—I had been in the public house with them before I went for the half sovereign—they had a pint of half-and-half, and then I went for the half-sovereign—I borrowed it of Mr. Hickman, a gentleman I work for, in Back Church-lane—I had borrowed a shilling the same evening of Mr. Newman, the baler—I told Mr. Hickman that I wanted the half-sovereign for a particular purpose, and if he would lend it me, I should have some work, and would pay him—I did not say before the Magistrate that I borrowed it of Mr. burnell or Burnham—I said, I could have borrowed it of Mr. Burnell, because I worked for him.





SARAH MILLER
. I keep the Queen's head, in King-street, Tower-hill. The prisoner lodged there—he is an honest hard-working man—he is not a captain, but a carpenter of a ship—he went out in the Rainbow man-of-war.

Cross-examined. Q. Has he been a sober, honest man? A. yes—he

returned from sea about three weeks a since, and has been driving the Lincoln and Stanford coach.





JAMES COOK
 (police-constable H 7.) I took the prisoner in High-street, Whitechapel,—I saw him running, and the prosecutrix after him, crying "Stop thief"—I held him till she came up—she said he had got half-asovereign of her money—I found half-a-sovereign on him, 6s. 6d. in silver, and 4d. in copper—she said she was to give him 9s., and he was to return her husband—that she had given him a half-a-sovereign, and he had not given her the change.

Cross-examined. Q. What did she say? A. That he had offered her a shillings to go with him, and she would not—It was half-past eleven o'clock at night.

COURT
to
SARAH MILLER. Q. By what name did you know the prisoner? A. Kirkby—the recruits for the Queen of Spain come to our house, and are taken to Woolwich-we have the name of Roach in our books.

Prisoner. I am a innocent.





SAMUEL MICHAEL HART
. I live in Princes-street, Minories, and am clerk to Mr. Jones, a Sapnish agent. On the Wedenesday before the prisoner was taken, I paid him 1l. 10s. in gold, about twelve o'clock.




GUILTY
. Aged 30—


Transported for Seven Years.
