



925. 




EDWARD URLING
 was indicted

for stealing on the the 
5th of March at 
Arlington 1 sheep price 2l. the property of 



Joseph Jessop.—2nd COUNT, for killing with intent to steal the carcase.






ROBERT BELFIT
. I am bailiff to Mr. Joseph Jessp, who live at Arlington On Saturday nigh, the 6th of March he had fifty three sheep—on Sunday morning I went to the field and missed one sheep, and found where it had ben killed—there was blood there in ditch and I afterwards fund the skin under a wheat stack, and the entrails—master's sheep are marked with a round ring and two J's in the middle—I found that are marked the ship. I found footmark in the field, and trace them up the

field about ten yards, and afterwards out of the field, and saw a gap over into another field—I traced them at last in to a lane to another field—I know where the prisoner lived—I I raced them up to his has e—he is a brick-maker I belive, nad lives in a cottage—he denied living at the cottage, and said he lived down at Halton bridge—the constable was there, and said he did not think head left the cottage, nut he said he had for some time—a person in named Taplin brought the prisoner's wife in with a basket, with mutton in it—it contained seven joints of mutton—I compared the foot marks which I traced to the house, with the prisoners's shoe, and they tallied exactly.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far are he cottages from the field? A. About a mile and ha half—the footmark went about ten yards before I lost sight of them, then over a bank, and I saw them again and they were traced down to the cottage where the prisoner lives—a donkey's and a man's foot mark were traced—I an swear I traced footamarks from the field to the cottage—I will not swear there were not more than one man's foot marks but I saw no more—I live about a mile and a half from the field, I know the lane, and know about a cap of gipsies being there, but it had been removed a week before e—they didn't go away in the middle of that night, but a week before r—I saw the prisoner taken into custody—he did not attempt to runaway—Halton bridge is about 200 or 300 yards from the station—the mark on the skin was a round ring and two J's—I have no doubt about it being the skin.





CHARLES EDMONDS
. I am a farmer of Arlington. I assisted in tracing the footworks—they appeared tome to correspond exactly—they went directly to the prisoner's cottage, and there were traces of a donkey's feet as well—here are the prisoner's shoes—they tallied and corresponded in all respects et the footmarks—here are two peculair nails out the usual place—I saw the prisoner's wife with asked it contained seven joints to mutton fresh killed, and not in a butcher-like way—I heard him deny living in the cottage—I do not think I saw any part of the mutton fitted into the skin—I want into the prisoner's house afterward and found a sheep head boiling in the pot—there was no head in he basket—there was a sack of fresh turnips beans, and brocoli.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to say that you yourself took either of tees shoes and examined them with the marks? A. The constable did, I pointed out the mark to him—I did not myself fit these, but I saw it done—there are hundreds of such shoes in the country—the constable pressed down one by the side of the foot marks, to see if the mails would make the same impression—there has been good deal of rain that night.





JOSEPH TAPLIN
. I am farmer, and live at Drayton. I trace some of the footsteeps from my farm which is about half a mile form the prisoner's house, to about one hundred yards from his house, but I did not got the whole ay—I stopped his wife with the mutton and I said to the prisoner, "Peggy, "that is the name he goes by, "Peppy"I thought you had known better than to do such a thing as this"—he said, "Oh, I did not do it, but I have a right to buy meat as cheap as I like"—I said, "Well, then, you are the receiver, you are worse than the thief"—I said the sheep was not cut up I butcher like manner but it was done pretty well considering it was done with a knife—he said, "I know nothing about that, I did not do it—I said, "Every honest man can tell where he gets his things."






WILLIAM THORNHILL
. I assisted in tracing the footmark part of the way—they corespondent exactly with the prisoners' shoes—I went to his house and saw the sheep's head taken out of the pot—the re was a ask of brocoli and greens there—I have had the shoes ever since.

Cross-examined. Q. Who did you get the boots form? A. From the prisoner's feet—I took them of myself—I believe there are six cottages in the row I did not trace the arks to his cottage, but near it—I did not look for any mark before I took the and—I did not see any marks near the cottage—I looked at the marks—I saw the prints all round the cottage—there are five or six cottages—he has walking round the cottages when I saw him—I did not go into the field till the afternoon, the afternoon, and the footmarks were trodden out by the sheep then.





JAMES HUGHES
. I am a butcher, and live at Arlington. I was shown the skin of a sheep—here it is—I compared it with some mutton—I fitted the joints of he sheep the was shown to me by the constable with the skin—they corresponded with the marks in the skin—it had certainly not been slaughter by a butcher—I could exactly ascertain that they had come from the skin—there were the knuckles left in the skin—I fitted them to the legs an shoulder—I have not the slightest doubt they formed originally part of the same carcase—neearly the whole carcase was there, but no head.

Cross-examined. Q. Were there marks inside the skin corresponding with places on the joint? A. Yes—the bark.





JOSEPH TAPLIN

re-examined I was present when the butcher fitted the muttoon to the skin—they were the same joints as those taken out of the basket.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see them then out? A. I saw them taken out of the Magistrates' room—I took the mutton away myself from the prisoner's wife.

Prisoner's Defence. I am not guilty of it—I bought it of a men on Sunday morning, in the lane—as I was moving my goods—he had large drab coat on—I never saw him before in my life—he asked me to give him 15s. for it—he said he had an accident, and run over a sheep the dry before, had had I got a family—I said "Yes, five children"—I said I had not got 15s—he wet to my cottage with me, and my wife was gone over the meadows—I give him 12s. for it—Taplin was coming up the lane, and met my wife, and took her before the Magistrate.
(William Mathews, rick maker, of cowle, and William Newth, brick maker, Islington; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
 Aged 39—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
