





Before Mr. Baron Alderson.
1126. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  FRANCIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, onthe 11th of August
, at St. George, Hanover-square, 1 watch, value 7l.; and 1 gold chain, value 5l.; the property of 
                     
                        Paul 
                        Laye
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Earl 
                        Cadogan
                     



.
PAUL LAYE. I am butler
 to Earl Cadogan, and lived in his house, No. 16, Park-lane, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square


. The prisoner was sometimes employed about the house - I missed a gold chain and watch, on the 13th of August, about eight o'clock in the morning, out of my bed-room - I had seen them safe on Sunday, the 11th, about twelve o'clock in the daytime - I have had it six years - it is worth 7l. - I paid that for it at Paris - it was gold, and had a gold chain to it worth 5l. - they were taken together.


                  JAMES 
                  STEWART WALLIS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have the gold watch and chain - they are worth together, in the way of trade, 6l. 10s. - they would sell for that in the trade - I know the prisoner - I remember his coming to my shop and pawning it on the 12th of August for 4l., in the name of John Francis - I asked if it was his property - he said it was, and distinctly told me he had given nine guineas for it - he was perfectly sober.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner - I asked if he had been jobbing at Lord Cadogan's - he said he had - I said a watch was lost from the house, and he was suspected - I asked if he objected to my searching his apartment - he said, "No" - he was in the back parlour, and he lived in the attic - he wanted me to leave him, and go one way, and him to go the other; but I took him up with me to his room, and said, "Now, do you know any thing of the watch?" - he said, "I do not" - I looked into a drawer, and said, "Why here is the duplicate" - he said, "Let me look at it" - I found 1s. 7d. in his pocket - he said that was part of the produce, and he had spent the rest in redeeming his clothes.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I do not know how I got it, as I was quite intoxicated by half a pint of whiskey, which a gentleman gave me to drink where I went to take a portmantean - I got home, and they put me to bed - next morning, I found the watch in my pocket, but I know nothing about it.




               GUILTY. Aged 40. - Recommended to mercy by the Jury
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
