







863. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STEEL
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KEITH
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     DUFF
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Wakeling
                        




                     
                  , on the 13th of May
, at St. Leonard's, Shoreditch, with intent to take his goods and monies from his person, and against his will, violently and feloniously to steal
            ; against the Statute.
2nd COUNT, for an assault, with intent to rob.
THOMAS WAKELING. I am a green-grocer
, and live in Long-alley, Shoreditch. On the night of the 13th of May, I was opposite Church-street, Shoreditch


, alone, and was met by Keith - somebody spoke to me - I turned round my head and received a blow in the eye - I turned round directly to give him a good chastisement for what he had done, but was surrounded immediately by a gang - Steel came up the instant I laid hold of Keith, and struck me, while others behind me got me down on my back, and got beating me - I cannot swear the female prisoner was one of the party, but she came up in Crispin-street, and began to mob me, and said Keith was not the man - I first saw her, to be certain of her, a quarter of a mile off - I kept hold of Keith while on the ground, till I was so beat, I lost all recollection - I called the police - while I was on the ground, I felt their hands down at my fob, and they forced three buttons off my trousers, and my braces were undone - I had neither money nor watch about me, so that they could take nothing from me - the buttons were torn off the waistband of my trousers - I was quite sober; when I got up I was bleeding from my eye and the inside of the mouth from scratches I received when on the ground.
Cross-examined by MR. DAWSON. Q. What o'clock was this? A. As near as I can recollect, twenty minutes or a quarter to eleven o'clock at night - I had been to Mr. Pullen, an attorney, in Gloucester-street, Hoxton - I had been having a pint of half-and-half with a person named Rice, who lives in Dove-row - nothing but malt and hops was in the half-and-half, I presume - I passed Keith as I was on the curb, and he stood near the houses - I did not observe whether he was drunk, but he struck me first - I turned back, and laid hold of him instantly - it was not till I laid hold of Keith that Steel interfered - I had not struck Keith - I seized hold of him - I was surrounded by them in all quarters the moment I laid hold of Keith - I had an umbrella with me - I did not lose it - I kept hold of it - I became insensible when on the ground - my umbrella was lying by my side when I came to myself - I might have used the umbrella in the irritation - I swear I did not strike Steel with it - if I struck any body, it was Keith - I certainly struck him with it - I cannot swear whether I struck him once or twice.
Q. Are you sure when you imagined you struck at Keith, you might not have struck at Steel? A. I am, because the others were behind me, and I could not strike them - when Keith struck me I collared him immediately - whether the others came to his rescue or not, I cannot tell - when I was down, I felt my breeches tugged at - I had hold of Keith with one hand - there was a great scuffle - I felt their hands right inside my clothes - I swear I distinctly felt their hands at my fob and right hand pocket.
Q. Did you never say to Duff's father that, at the trial, if he would give you 10s., you would endeavour to get her off? A. Never; they have offered it to me, and a friend of Steel's has offered me a sovereign while I have been here this morning - I have seen Daniel Ryan and Peter Duff - I never said I would undo at the trial what I had done respecting the female prisoner - I struck Keith once with my umbrella, and may have struck him twice; but I was on my back in an instant - there was an attempt to get Keith from me.


                  JOHN 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I live in Ann's-place Edward-street, Hoxton, and am foreman to Deacon and Co., carriers. I saw the prosecutor on the ground, and three men beating him - they were on the ground with him - I went and asked if they were going to murder him, or what they were going to do - they all three jumped up, and ran away, one of them taking a hat with him - I assisted the prosecutor up - he was bleeding very profusely from his mouth and nose - I cried, "Stop thief," when the men left him, and I took the prosecutor on the footway - the policeman immediately came up, with Steel in his hand - I observed the prosecutor pick up a cap, while he was searching for his hat; and that cap was claimed by Keith at the station-house - the prosecutor's hat was gone - I saw a hat afterwards produced at the station-house, which the prosecutor claimed - the cap laid within a yard of where he was lying - there was an attempt to rescue - I took charge of Keith myself, and about twenty males and females attempted to rescue him - a great many low characters live there.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the beginning of this? A. No; I went to his assistance when he called out - there was no confusion when I went up, except the three people who were attacking him - there were other people on the footway - his umbrella was found near the cap - I had enough to do to hold Keith - I cannot say who took the hat; for, in assisting the prosecutor, I lost sight of the prisoners when they left him.


                  EDWARD 
                  MASON
               



             GOODE. I am a carrier, and live in Holywell-lane. On Tuesday night, about half-past ten o'clock, I was going to Shoreditch, and nearly at the top of the lane, a person passed from towards Shoreditch church to the opposite side - he had something in his hand, whichhe placed on the step of a door - it was a hat - I could not see the man's face - this is the hat.
THOMAS FELL LEWIN. I live in Church-street, Shoreditch: I am foreman to a bootmaker. I went to the corner of our street to take a little fresh air, and observed, across the street, two or three individuals having an altercation, as I thought - they were standing up - I did not observe any thing more, but looked another way - I then heard the cry of "Police, police" - I looked round, and saw the prosecutor on the ground, and Steel striking him with his fist - I thought it was a mere lark, or I would have run over - one of the prisoners ran away - he had no hat on - Steel immediately followed, but not so quick as the first - I crossed the road to stop him, when the policeman came up; and we both caught him at the same time - there was a general attempt to rescue him, by four or five individuals - more assistance came, and he was conveyed to the watch-house - and, on the way there, Duff endeavoured to excite others to rescue him, and called the prosecutor names - I gave her in charge - I ran back to our shop - a young man followed me, and begged me not to go against the prisoners.
Cross-examined. Q. You saw a dispute as it turned out afterwards to be? A. Yes - it had hardly commenced when I got there - some of them seemed to have an altercation - I did not hear any voices - they seemed talking - I turned round, and heard a call of "Police" - I looked round again, and saw the prosecutor on the ground, and Steel striking him - he was secured without being out of my sight.
COURT. Q. Describe what you call a lark, or altercation? A. I saw the prosecutor knocked down, and struck when on the ground; but still I thought it was a lark - it was all done in an instant.
MR. DAWSON. Q. Did you see the prosecutor striking with his umbrella? A. No; but he might have done so - it was done in such a hurry - I went to his assistance when I saw Steel strike him.
COURT. Q. Are you in the habit of calling a man being knocked down and beat a lark? A. In that neighbourhood, there are many sprees of young men getting drunk and larking and scuffling, but not done in that way - the prosecutor was bleeding profusely from the face.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY CLARK
               



             (police-constable H 43). On the night of the 13th of May, between ten and eleven o'clock, I was in Shoreditch, and saw a scuffle between three or four men - they fell in the road - I ran across the road, hearing a cry of "Police," and saw the prisoner Steele get up and run away - he was on the ground - I pursued and took him - the prosecutor and two other witnesses came up - I asked what was the matter - he was covered with blood, and said he had been knocked down and attempted to be robbed - this was in Steel's presence - Steel said nothing to it - I was going on the road to the station-house, and got a few yards when Keith came out of Holywell-lane, and was immediately recognised by two witnesses - I took him into custody also - an attempt to rescue was immediately made, by five or six; and the female prisoner was one - she hung round my neck, and round Keith's neck - she was afterwards taken into custody - the prosecutor gave me this cap at the station-house, and Keith claimed it - and again at the office.
Cross-examined. Q. How far were you from the place? A. The road is fifteen or sixteen yards across - I did not see the beginning of it, till I saw them all fall in the road.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a policeman. I received the hat from Mr. Gibbs, and took it to the station-house - the prosecutor claimed it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GULLICK
               



             (police-constable H 85). I was on duty in Spital-square, between ten and eleven o'clock at night - I saw a number of people - I took the female prisoner into custody in the crowd.
Steel's Defence. I am quite a stranger to the prisoners.
Keith's Defence. I am an entire stranger to Steel.
STEEL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
KEITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Life
            .
DUFF - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
