





Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
324.
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of December
, 3 fur-tippets, value 22s; 1 for collar, value 3s., and 1 yard of for, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Millbank
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a clerk to Tolkein and Co., furriers, Cheapside. On the 31st of December I packed up a parcel, directed to Burton, Bishop Stortford - it contained three for tippets, a collar, and a yard of fur; I gave it to Jones, the porter, to take to the Kent and Essex inn. Whitechapel


, to go by Millbank's waggon.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  DENTON
               



            . I am a book-keeper at the Kent and Essex inn. I received a parcel from the prosecutor- I did not know their porter; the book expressed that it came from Tolkein and Co., to go by Millbank's waggon - I delivered it to the waggoner about ten minutes before the waggon left the yard; I saw it put on the waggon, and in about twenty minutes it was brought into our counting-house by a Policeman and waggoner - it was the same parcel, and had not been opened.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 31st of December, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Whitechapel, saw two waggons standing outside the inn, and on my return I saw another waggon - I was about a hundred yards off, and saw a man on the waggon which stood still; I ran up, seeing another man standing on the other side, as if ready to receive any thing - I saw the man on the waggon hand this parcel to the prisoner, who ran off with it; I ran, caught him with one hand, and the parcel in the other - I took him to the station, and he told the inspector he had picked it up; there was a heavy fall of snow, and the street was ancle deep in mud, but the parcel was quite clean; I saw him receive it from the other man - I knew the prisoner by seeing him constantly about Whitechapel with a gang of thieves.
Prisoner. Q. Was not I crossing the road? A. You were running across with the parcel.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was crossing Whitechapel - a lad ran towards me and threw the parcel down at my feet, but I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
