



254. 




WILLIAM MILES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of December, 12lbs. weight of candles, value 6s.; 2lbs. weight of gum, value 2s.; and 1lb, weight of gunpowder, value 3s.; the goods of 



Charles Legg, his master.






CHARLES LEGG
. I am an oil and colourman, and live in Wardour-street, Soho; the prisoner was my porter for three years. On the 2nd of December I sent him down for a shilling's-worth of wood—he took the basket from the shop, and went below, he brought the basket of wood into the shop, and put it in front of the counter—while I was making out the bill of this wood and some other articles, I told him to go to the top of Wardour-street with a bottle of ketchup—while he was gone I examined the basket, and found in it 12lbs. of candles, and 2lbs. of gum—they had been below stairs, so that he could take them, and the wood was at the top of them—when he came back I desired him to go and take the wood to Poland-street, but not to mind taking the bill—as soon as he got out I called him back, and told him he had been robbing me—he begged for forgiveness, and hoped I should not prosecute him—I gave him in charge—this is the property.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Had you not had a quantity of wood in that day? A. No—our other shopman was in the other shop—the wood was in the front area—this was about six o'clock—the prisoner had had his tea—no one was below but the prisoner—he left the basket on the weighing machine—I have known him nine years, and had a good opinion of him.





GEORGE AVIS
. I am an officer. I took the prisoner—I said, "Have you any thing belonging to your master at your lodgings?"—he said yes, he had a canister of gunpowder—he gave me the key—I went there and found it.

Cross-examined. Q. was not his answer merely this, that there was a canister of gunpowder in the drawer? A. Yes; I asked him if it was his master's, and he said, "Yes"—I stated that before the Magistrate—my deposition was read over to me to correct—I added nothing to it.
(The prisoner received a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.
