






702. 




WILLIAM JORDAN, alias
 John Leary

, and 




THOMAS SULLIVAN
 were indicted for

feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 

our Lord the King, on the 
27th of November, 1834, at 
St. Dunstan in the East, London, and stealing therein 70 sovereigns, 10 half-sovereigns 2 crowns, 4 half-crowns, and 29 shillings, 4 £300, 1 £200, 8 £100, 10 £50, 2 £40, 5£30, 53 £10, 15 £20, and 28 £5 Bank-notes the property and monies of our Lord the King; and 5 sovereigns, 1 £10, and 1 £5; Bank-notes the property and monies of 



Frederick Thomas Walsh: and 4 £100 Bank-notes, the property of 



William Billings: and 





HENRY MOTT
 and 




THOMAS SEALE
 were indicted for

 that they, before the said felony was committed, on the said 
27th of November, feloniously and maliciously did incite, move, procure, counsel, hire, and command the said William Jordan and Thomas Sullivan, to do and commit the felony aforesaid.—2 other sets of COUNTS, in the first of which the principals are charged with breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Elizabeth King Kelly; and in the last, the counting-house of our Lord the King; and the other parties are charged as above.


MR. ATTORNEY GENERAL MESSRS. ADOLPHUS, BODKIN, CHAMBERS, and
BARLOW, conducted the prosecution.





FREDERICK THOMAS WALSH
. I am Receiver of fines and forfeitures in his Majesty's customs, and was so on the 27th of November, 1834. I do my business in the Custom-house—there is an outer office, called the receiver of fines office, and I have an inner room to myself—this plan of the place (looking at one) appears to be tolerably correct—the entrance from Thames-street and other place are accurately described—in November 1834, there was a considerable sale of property at the custom-house—the produce of the sale would come into my hands as receiver of fines—a few months before that, there had been another sale, upon which the amount was considerably less, which would leave a less sum in my hands—on the 27th of november, 1834, the amount of money in my hands was 4292l. 11s. 9 1/4d. belonging to the Crown, and about 20l. I think of my own, and Mr. Billings had given me 400l. to take care of for him—that was all in the chest on the night of the 27th of November—the property was principally in Bank-notes—on the morning of the 27th I had sent a great

quantity of gold to the Bank, and received bank notes for it—there were two of £300 notes belonging to the Crown, and one in particular, which I remember besides those—I have a list of all the notes here—I made the balance myself—another person entered the figures—I counted the notes over at the time—there were four of £300, one of £200, eight of £100, ten of £50, two of £40, five of £30, fifteen of £20, fifty-three of £10, twenty-eight of £5, and 70l. in gold, and cash 7l. 9s. 1 3/4d.—that might be silver and copper—there was more money belonging to the King, about £200 in notes, 94l. 10s. 6d., 30l. 12s. 1d., and 180l., and 10l.—that makes up the sum I first mentioned—there was a £10 and £5 note among my 20l., and Mr. Billings' money was four £100 Bank-notes—this money was put into the King's chest, which is in my own private office, in the inner room—it was secured by two padlocks, and there was another lock to it—the key of that lock was out of order—it is called the stop-lock—the keys of the two padlocks were kept, one in my custody, and the other by the Accountant of petty receipts—the chest could not be properly opened without the concurrence of us two—I occasionally kept my key about my own person, and occasionally locked up in a drawer in my office—my office is private, and separate from all other business of the Custom-house—no body should come there except my two clerks, and the Accountant of petty receipts—when persons come on business, they come from a door facing me—there is not any separation between me and them—the door communicates between the inner and outer office—persons who buy goods at the Custom-house sales, come to me to deliver their tickets and pay money—they come into the inner office—I was at the office on the 27th of November, 1834, till about twenty minutes to four o'clock, as near as I can recollect—I left the money all safe in the chest, and the chest locked—I left my own key in the drawer, where I usually put it, when it was not about my person—I went to the office next morning at a few minutes after ten o'clock—(I was not the last person in the office that night)—when I came in the morning there was a rumour or clamour about what had happened—when I entered my office I found two persons present—I found the Accountant of petty receipts padlock to the chest was violently broken—my own was locked, and the key in my drawer—the drawer was broken open—it had been forced open—all the notes I have mentioned, and the money, were gone—I had some private bonds which were left—they were foreign securities—they remained there—they must have been touched—the cash-box was of considerable weight—there were three cash-boxes—the money belonging to the Crown was in one cash-box—Mr. Billing's money was in a private cash-box, and my own also—they were all gone.

Q. When you had the cash, and had not changed it for Bank-notes, was the cash-box of considerable weight? A. Yes—I had changed about 700l. of gold for notes.

Q. When the money was in the cash-box, and in its proper place, could you move it with one hand or two? A. Very likely I moved it with two; if I had occasion to life it out of the chest, I think I must have used two hands—the prisoner Mott was a clerk in the King's warehouse—I do not know Seale—I had a book in my office, in which I enter the notes I receive from persons who came to pay for lots sold—I enter the name of the person paying money, his address, the amount he paid, and the manner in which he paid it—not the number of the notes, but whether in notes or cash—I am not certain whether I left that book on my desk, or in the cupboard on the night of the 27th—when I came in the morning, I looked at the book, and all the leaves that were written upon were torn out—I do not particularly remember any

person coming and paying me money shortly before the robbery—at that time there were a great many persons paying, as it was near prompt day—there is a day fixed at which the lots must be paid for—the sale was on November 11th, 12th, 13th, and 14th—the prompt day was the 28th of November—they were obliged to pay on or before the 28th, or the deposit would have been forfeited—I am not quite sure whether Mr. Billings was our auctioneer on the occasion—I am not aware of any regulations prohibiting any clerk or person employed there, from buying at sales, but there may be—this 50l. note (looking at one) has my own hand-writing on it—I have wirtten on it "329-57"—that means lot 329-57th sale—there is written on it "John Leary, East-street, Kent-road"—and there is the same signature on the back—I do not remember whether that was on it when it came into my hands, or whether it was written in my presence—that note was paid me for lot 329, which was a lot of rum—the lot amounted only to 11l. I believe—I should have to give change for the note, (looking at a catalogue), T.C. Jones bought that lot—I do not know in what name it was cleared, as the book is destroyed, by the leaves being taken out in which it was entered—I believe these three 300l. notes to be part of the property stolen that night (looking at them)—I know them by the date and number—I have not any memorandums of my own of what the numbers were—there is nothing of mine written on the notes—I do not see any memorandum of mine on this 10l. note—my office is in the parish of St. Dunstan-in-the-East—the warehouse is part of the Custom-house—Miss Kelly, the housekeeper, lived in the Custom-house—she lived and slept there as servant of the Custom-house—you can go from my office to any part of the Custom-house at all times within office hours—it is part of the Custom-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS. Q. Was Miss Kelly housekeeper of the whole building at that time? A. Yes; she is since dead—her apartment was in the eastern wing, a considerable distance from my office—there is an internal communication from her chambers to the rest of the Custom-house—my office is in the centre of the building, towards the Thames side—I could get to Miss Kelly's apartments without going out of the Custom-house—I do not live there—my hours of attendance are from ten o'clock till four—there is a paper kept for the clerks attending daily, to inscribe their appearance upon—on the 27th of November, I think I left at twenty minutes before four o'clock, having made up my balance, I left earlier than usual—I left others in the office—I did not take the key of the chest with me, as I thought it would be more secure in the King's warehouse, and had constantly left it there before—I left my two clerks, Wood and Cooper, in the office—they would have nothing to do with the chest after I left—the Accountant of petty receipts, or his clerks, would have the other key of the chest—he had left the private office before I left—the list of the contents of the chest I have read was made about half-past three o'clock that very day—the Accountant of petty receipts was with me at the time—I read over the list in his presence, and can swear the notes and money were in the chest at that time—I saw that gentleman again on the following morning—I arrived there a few minutes after ten o'clock, and immediately learnt what had occurred from the two persons in my office—there is a book in which I enter the description buyers at the sale give of themselves—I have that book here—the entry of the proceeds of the sale I have not here, as the leaves were torn out—that was the first memorandum of any payment made.

COURT. Q. Is it the deposit or purchase money? A. The deposit

was made at the time of the sale—the book the leaves are torn from is called the receiving-book—that contains the entry of the completion of the purchases after the sale—that book was kept by myself.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you sure as to the parish your office is situated in? A. I have seen a plan of the building—I am not positive—I hear the Custom-house is in two parishes.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Can you tell whose business it is to keep the keys of the outer doors of the Custom-house? A. I do not know officially—the money belonging to the Crown had been accumulating for same weeks, and some part of it for months—change had been given out of the money received, but not to any extent—I cannot say to what amount positively; but none of the large notes had been changed—I had been in the receipt and payment on money while this was accumulating—I had received some thousands probably within the time this had been accumulating—by looking over my cash book, I could tell the payments.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Whatever receipts or payments you made, were the bank-notes you have described locked up in your cheat on the night in question? A. Yes; they were.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you able to speak with accuracy as to the that of the warehouse over which you have the superintendance, being under the same roof as Miss Kelly resided? A. Yes; I can get to it without going into the open air—the doors and passages are open when the offices are.

MR. ADOLPHUS
Q. Is there any outer door to your inner office? A. Yes; that was not at all damaged—on the morning of the 28th of November, there were no marks of violence on it—the closet in which the cheat was was, burst open—a person named Beaston is a clerk in the Accountant of petty receipt's office—he was in the office on the 27th of November, but not at the time I left it—he left before me, as far as I am recollect.

COURT. Q. Where was the key of the closet in which the chest was? A. In my drawer, with the key of the chest, and I had the key of the drawer with me—I found that drawer had been forced open.





JACOB WRAY
. I am an inhabitant of the parish of St. Dunstan-in-the-East. I have been church warden and overseer—that part of the warehouse where Mr. Walsh transacts his business is situated in our parish.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS. Q. How do you know that? A. I have lived in the parish all my life—I only know it by living in the parish—the parish boundary crosses in the centre of the Custom-house—I have walked the boundaries for many years—I have not walked through the Custom-house, we go round it—that which we walk round we take to be in our parish—I served the office of churchwarden before the new Custom-house was built—the old house did not stand where the present one does—I know the King's warehouse in the new building, is in St. Dunstan's parish, by going the bounds, and many other circumstances I have been there many times—no part of the old building was in our parish—I have not done anything as churchwarden since the new building has been erected.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you happen to know that the whole of the Custom-house is in the parish of St. Dunstan-in-the-East. A. No; it is not—not the whole of it—it in St. Mary-at-Hill and our parish—when I walked the bounds I walked the bounds of the old Custom-house—there is a very small portion of the house stands is St. Mary-at-Hill it is the western end—there is a boundary mark cut in the

stone in the front of the Quay, and painted also in the south front of the house.

COURT. Q. I presume some warehouses stood on the spot on which the Custom-house now stands? A. Yes—those warehouses were in our parish, and paid rates to it—the spot the present King's warehouse is on is in our parish—I have received poor-rates from the houses and warehouses.





JOHN BEASTON
. I am in the employment of the Custom-house. On the 27th of November, 1834, I was assisting in the office of the Receiver of Fines—I checked with Mr. Walsh the account of money, the produce of a sale which had been held before in the Custome-house—I did so about half-past three o'clock, or rather sooner—I ascertained that the balance was correct—the money was placed in the King's chest—I left the office about twenty minutes before four o'clock, leaving Mr. Walsh and his clerks (Wood and Cooper) there—I fastened the Comptroller's padlock on the iron chest, and took the key up-stair, and deposited it in the place where it was usually kept—I am clerk to the Comptroller of fines and forfeitures—I have every reason to believe this is the Comptroller's lock (looking at a padlock)—this is the key—I arrived at the Custom-house about five minutes before ten o'clock next morning—I applied for the key of the Comptroller's padlock where I had left it the night before, and obtained it—I went to the Receiver's office, and found a servant girl there—it was one or two minutes before ten o'clock—no other clerk or any person of the establishment was there when I arrived—I did not look at the state of the Comptroller's padlock immediately—I could not do it as the cupboard door was closed—when one of the clerks arrived, (about five minutes past ten o'clock,) I went to the cupboard—I found the cupboard door unlocked, the lock having been forced off it, and the door open—I found the Receiver's padlock on the chest, locked, the Comptroller's padlock had been forced off, and laid down by the side of the chest—I afterwards saw Mr. Walsh apply the key to that padlock, and it opened it.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS. Q. When you sit in the Receiver's office, the closet is out of sight? A. I sat in the inner office—I can see the closet from the Receiver's office—the inner office and the Receiver's office are not separated—there is a partition between the inner and outer office, but they are both the Receiver's—a doorleads from one to the other—the closet is in the inner office, and the chest is in the closet—a man in some parts of the outer office could see the chest—a person would go to the inner office to pay for a purchase at the sale.





SAMUEL STERCK
. In November 1834, I was employed in the Custom-house as an extra tide-waiter. It was my business to attend to the fires in the King's cellar and warehouse—when the clerks left the office, it was my duty to go into the office and put out the fires—I recollect going into Mr. Walsh's office on the night of the robbery—I saw the clerks leave the office—there is a door which opens from Mr. Walsh's office into the lobby—that door is closed when the clerks leave the office—it is fastened by a spring lock—that door was closed on the afternoon of the robbery, after the clerks left, but not fastened—I closed it myself—after closing that door, I went to fasten the door leading into the lobby, on the north side, after the clerks were out of the office.

Q. Was there time, while you were fastening that opposite door, for any person to have got into the door you had just latched too? A. Yes; plenty—my back was turned to that way, anybody could come in without my seeing them—I locked the door on the south side with the big key, and

took it to Mr. Billing's house, No.7, Albion Mills, by Blackfriars-bridge—I went on the following morning to the Custom-house—I got the key from Mr. Billing's—I was there at half-past eight o'clock as near as possible, and at the Custom-house at nine o'clock—I opened the south-side door which I had fastened—I found every thing apparently as I had left in the night before the door from Mr. Walsh's office into the passage was closed the same as it was over night.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS. Q. Mr. Walsh's door shuts by a spring, so that it shuts by itself? A. Yes, it will—I go to put out all the fires two or three minutes after the clerks leave—all the clerks leave about four o'clock—there are a great many persons going out at the same time—sometimes so many as to creat a confusion, so that I do not observe persons very narrowly—it is according to the press of business—I went to put out the fires on the 27th, about ten minutes before four o'clock—I think Wood and Cooper were there.





SAMUEL WOOD
. I am clerk to Mr. Walsh, the Receiver of the fines and forfeitures of the Custom-house. In October 1834, I received a cheque from the Receiver-general of the Excise, which I carried to the Bank of England, and received and deposited with the Receiver of fines—this £300 note, No.7988, dated 4th October, 1834, is one I received from the Bank of England—I merely know it by the account given to me by the Bank clerk—I received three notes of 300l. each—I placed them in the hands of Mr. Walsh—I did not take the numbers of any of the notes—I only received one of these three notes.

COURT. Q. What cheque was it you went to the Bank with? A. 2974l. 15s., drawn by the Receiver General of the Excise.





WILLIAM COOPER
. I am a clerk to the Receiver of fines at the Custom-house. I took about 700l. in gold to the Bank of England in November, and received for it 620l. in notes—these appear to be the notes I received—(looking at some) I know them by numbers—I took an account of the numbers the day after the robbery.

COURT. Q. Did you take it before they were stolen? A. No, I had them given to me from the Bank.





JOSIAH FIELD
. I am a clerk in the bank of England, in the Bank-note pay-office. Two of these £300 bank notes I know—No.2309, dated the 14th of November; and No.2310, dated the 14th of November, 1834—they were paid out on the 27th of November—they were part of the same payment paid for a teller's ticket, amounting to 620l.—it was ticket which a teller would give if a person had given him cash for it—a person wanting to exchange cash for notes, goes to the teller, gives him the money, and he gives him a ticket, which he brings to me, and I give notes for it—I do not know anything of the other note—I have no recollection of the person to whom I gave the £300 notes—I produce the teller's ticket.





WILLIAM COOPER
. re-examined. I believe Mr. Field to be the gentleman I received the notes from—I should say this is the Teller's ticket I received when I paid the sovereigns—I took the gold to the Teller's office, and received a Teller's ticket, which I took and received the notes for it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know anything about the identity of the ticket at all? A. I should say it was the ticket I received—I remember the name of "Little Hales" being put on it—that is partly torn off now.





JOSIAH FIELD

re-examined. Little Hales is a teller—he would very likely sign many tickets that day, but not all of them.





WILLIAM HARY
. I was appointed a land-waiter of the Customs about

September, 1827—my father was a Collector of customs at Drogheda, in Ireland—I became acquainted with seal after being a landing-waiter at the customs, in London—he was a landing-waiter and searcher in the customs like myself—I was intimate with him—I had some difference with him, which was made up some years afterwards—about June, 1834, when I became very intimate with him again—he made some proposal to me shortly after we renewed our acquaintance—he mentioned to me that he had it in contemplation to rob the Custom-house—we were stationed together at the London-dock at that time—I used to go with him to public-houses constantly out of business-hours—to the Duke of Sussex, at Peckham, frequently; and to the Royal-Mortar, in the London-road—I frequently met him at the Castle, Old Kent-road—I was once or twice at the Three Kingdoms public-house with him—at the time he mentioned this to me, at the London-dock, he asked me if I would accompany him to the Three Kingdoms, which is in Harp-lane, opposite the Custom-house, to see a friend of his, named Mott—I went with him at the time to the Three Kingdoms, and Seale sent to the King's warehouse for Mott—I had not known Mott before to speak to him—I knew him by sight—he came over immediately—Seale introduced the subject to him of robbing the Custom-house, and mentioned the office of the Receiver of Fines and Fortfeits—Mott answered him by saying, that the King's sale, which was then coming off, would be but a small one, and he thought it more prudent to defer such a thing to the next sale, which would be larger one—Seale acquiesced in that—I went to Ireland about the beginning of the August, 1834—I frequently mentioned the subject with Seale and Mott before I went—I frequently met them at the Duke of Sussex—the first time I saw the prisoners Jordan and Sullivan was, I think, in June, 1834, at the Royal Mortar, in the London-road—I became acquainted with them by meeting them in company there—I have gone there with Seale and Mott, and met them there—I was not introduced to them, but became acquainted with them by meeting them there, through Seal and Mott—nothing was said about the Custom-house in their presence before I went to Ireland—I had met them perhaps a dozen times before I went to Ireland—when I went there I met Sullivan and

Jordan in Dublin, on the day I came from Drogheda, in my way to England—they then asked me some questions about robbing the Custom-house of Dublin or Drogheda, or any thing of that, which I could assist them in—I told them I could not assist them there in anything of the kind, and I left Dublin that day for England—I returned to London about the 4th of September—I met Seale immediately I returned to duty at the London-docks—we were stationed there together, and the subject of the Custom-house was mentioned several times—the subject was discussed between us as to who were the parties they should employ to commit the robbery at the Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures—Mott had been on leave of absence for a fortnight at that time, and on his return the subject was frequently mentioned between us of an evening when we met at the Duke of Sussex at peckham, and frequently also at Seal's own house at Peckham, which is close to the Duke of Sussex (I lived with Mrs. Godfrey, at No.17, Trinity-terrace, Borough, at the time) Seale had mentioned two parties' names—a man named walter, and Harry Newsom; as he called them—he said they were both experienced cracksmen; but afterwards, on inquiry, Seale found Newsom was not in this country, having gone to America—Seale told me so; and that Walter was out of town—Mott mentioned the names of Sullivan and Jordan—he said he had met them at the Royal Mortar, and had mentioned the subject to them, and had made an appointment for us to meet them at Jordan's house, No. 4, East-lane, Old Kent-road—Seale, Mott, and myself, went there, and met Sullivan and Jordan—as near as I can recollect, that was about the beginning of October—the subject was introduced by Mott and Seale, and the conversation was on that point only (the point of the robbery)—Sullivan and Jordan inquired what the contents of the chest might be in the Receiver of Fines and Forfeiture's Office—they inquired that of Mott—he said, before the King's sale took place, he should be able to ascertain what the actual contents of the chest were—Jordan and Sullivan said they would inspect the place the day after, or the following day, when it suited their convenience; and it was taken arranged that we should meet at Jordan's house a few evenings after they had inspected the place, (the Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures, and the King's warehouse in the Custom-house,) the situation of the place was described by Mott—we met again a few nights afterwards at Jordan's house—Jordan and Suillivan said they had inspected the place, and they considered it would be a very easy matter to accomplish the fact—meaning to rob the place—the subject then spoken of was, which was the best way to accomplish it—Sullivan said, he thought the best way would be to fit the locks of the door, provided they could get impressions of the keys—that was the door going into the King's warehouse from the esplanade—the outer door—the esplanade is on the south side—Mott was not present at this meeting, only Seale, Sullivan, and Jordan—I said I would mention the circumstance to Mott when I saw him, and find whether he could get imperssions of the keys—I met Mott the next evening, and told him what had passed—he said he could get the impression of one of the keys, mentioning the large key; but the impression of the key of the padlock he was fearful he could not get—I communicated this to Sullivan and Jordan, and appointed for us all to meet the following evening at Jordan's house; and we all met on that occasion there—Mott on that occasion produced the large key of the door leading from the esplanade, which he said he had taken from the chest of Mr. Bunnett, a clerk in the same office, in the King's warehouse-keeper's office, and that Mr. Bunnett at the time was absent on sick-leave from sickness—an impression of the key was taken in beeswax at the time by Sullivan—Mott brought the key down, rolled up in a piece of paper of paper folded at the ends—I think it was white paper—after the impression was taken, the key was put up in the same paper, with the intention of returning it to Mr. Bunnett's desk the following morning, when he returned to duty—Seale asked if they would not require the assistance of a third party to effect the robbery—Jordan said, he thought they would, and Seale then mentioned the name of William May—it was merely proposed on that occasion that he should be employed to assist them—we then made an appiontment to meet again a few evenings afterwards, which we did at Jordan's house—Mott, Seale, Jordan, Sullivan, and myself were present, and May was introduced—a skeleton-key was produced by Sullivan which was made from the impression which had been taken—they then stated that this key they had tried at the Custom-house—Jordan and Sullivan said they had tried it to see if it would fit—they described that it would partly fit; but it being rather weak in the shank, they were afraid to force it, and they said they would make another key on a stronger principal—at that meeting Mott produced three small padlock keys, and said it was likely that one of them would fit the padlock outside the door leading from the esplanade—an

impression was taken of those three keys in beeswax, and an appointment made to meet again a few evenings afterwards, which we did—I was there—Seale, May, Jordan, and Sullivan—Mott was not there—we all met but him—May, Sullivan, and Jordan said they had tried these small keys, and none of them would fit, and they mentioned, that they considered the best way of doing it was "stowing away," meaning one of the parties to conceal themselves in the Receivers of Fines and Forfeiture's Office—May volunteered to stow away—they then spoke about which was the best way of effecting this object, and mentioned that they would go and inspect the place again, for that object, to see which was the best method of doing so—we met again at Jordan's house—we were all six present—it was then coming very close to the King's sale, and Jordan said, they (Sullivan, Jordan, and May) should like to know whether the money was actually in the chest or not—and it was spoken of how they should find out whether the money was there or not—it was proposed that one of the parties should purchase a lot at the King's sale, and by so doing, they would have an opportunity of paying for it in the Receiver of Fines' Office, and would have an opportunity of seeing the chest and the contents of it—Mott said he had purchased a lot, or a friend had purchased a lot for him, of twenty gallons of rum—he desired me to tell Sullivan and Jordan so a day or two afterwards, and I told them—he said he would give the ticket for the rum to Jordan, and he could go and see what the contents of the chest were—he said the Custom-house agent had bought the lot for him—he gave me the ticket, which I handed to Jordan, to pay for the lot—I gave directions to Jordan to take it to the Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures, to present it to the Receiver, and pay for the lot—he then said, he had better first go and see the Receiver, to get a knowledge of his person, with the intention of following him into the office the first thing in the morning, before he could have change in his pocket or drawer, to give him for a large note which he intended to present him for payment—an evening or two afterwards we met again—Seale, myself, Jordan, Sullivan, and May—all but Mott—Jordan said he had seen the Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures, and had procured a note, which he meant to present next morning to the receiver—he said it was a £50 note—he mentioned some circumstance at the time, about having some misunderstanding with the banker, on receiving the note that day—we met, I believe, the following evening, which I think was the 26th of November, at Jordan's house—he described that he had watched the Receiver in, the first thing in the morning, a few minutes after nine o'clock, followed him right into his office, and put the ticket down for the fifty gallons of rum, and the £50 note—that the Receiver felt his pocket and opened his drawer, and had not change (as he anticipated)—and then the Receiver went to the strong chest and opened one padlock, but the other did not open, because the key was kept by another party—I think he said he was obliged to wait a moment or two before the party came with that key—that the chest was then opened, and the Receiver took the large cash-box, with both hands, and it was as much as he could do to lift it up on the counter, with both hands; and, from the quantity of gold, and notes under the gold, there must be upwards of 5000l.—he also described, that he wrote his own name on the back of the note, or the front, and gave his own address—he went wnt at that time by the name of William, Sullivan, but his right name is Leary—he said he wrote the name of Leary, No. 4, East-lane, Kent-road and Mott at the time said it was bad judgement to do so, for he said the book in which they kept the numbers of the notes, and the addresses of

the parties who gave notes, on looking at it, would lead to certain detection; and it was then agreed that the leaves of this book should be cut out, or torn out—it was arranged that night, that on the following day, a little before four o'clock, William May should conceal himself in the office of Receive of Fines and Forfeitures, behind the door, that he should go a little before four o'clock, (about seven or eight minutes,) accompanied by Jordan and Sullivan, and at the time of the confusion and bustle of the different officers and clerks leaving the department of the King's warehouse, May should take an opportunity of walking into this office, and standing behind this door, which was left open all night—the door of that particular office is left open all night—it was also arranged that on the following morning, at nine o'clock, (which is the legal hour for the different officers to attend,) at the time the door was open, that Sullivan and Jordan should be in attendance on the esplanade, and three or four minutes after the door was open, and after the watchmen for the night had taken their lamps, and walked through the passage leading by the Receiver of Fines Office, Jordan and Sullivan were to walk through, and give May a sign to come out, and Mott should assist them as much as possible, by detaining the parties in his office who went in to sigh the appearance sheet—it was also arranged that night that we should meet on the morning of the 28th, at Seale's house, at New Peckham, to divide the money—we then separated for that night—I was absent from duty on the 27th—I had been unwell, and was absent four or five days by a sick note—about half-past four o'clock, on the evening of the 27th, Seale called on me at my lodging, No. 17, Trinity-terrace, on his way from the London-dock, and about a quarter of an hour afterwards Jordan and Sullivan called—they told me May had been safely lodged, and described the manner in which it was done—they said that about ten minutes before four o'clock, the clerks in the Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures Office left their office, and two or three minutes after, they, (Jordan, Sullivan, and May,) walked into the passage leading from the esplanade throught the Custom-house, to Thames-street, and took the opportunity, by opening an umbrella, to cover May, and give him an opportunity of going into the office unseen by any parties who stood about—they said they stood about on the esplanade for ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, till all the doors were locked for the night—they said Mott was one of the last parties that came out of the warehouse, that he, on seeing the doors locked, and the man safely lodged, gave a sort of jump for joy—Sullivan and Jordan stopped at my house about half an hour, and went away, appointing to meet us the next morning, at seven o'clock, at the Lord Nelson, Old-Kent-road, to walk across the fields, to show us Seal's house, at Peckham, where we had agreed to meet the following morning—Seal stopped with me till about half-past six o'clock—he and I then went down to the place appointed, and met Jordan and Sullivan close to the Lord Nelson—we walked across Peckam fields to Seal's house—Seale pointed out the house, and we separated—I stopped with Seale a short time that evening, at the Duke of Sussex, at Peckham, Which was close by, and from there went to the Castle in the Old-Kent-road—On the morning of the 28th of November I left home about half-past eight o'clock, and went down to Peckham, where I was to meet Seale on the Canal bridge, a short distance from his house—I went there, and went into the Waterman's Arms there, and had some tea and ale, and about in hour afterwards I saw Seale close to the Waterman's Arms—I opened the window, and he came up-stairs to where I was sitting, and we there sat till we saw May, Sullivan and Jordan coming across the Canal

Bridge towards the waterman's Arms—we then came out and met them, and went from there direct to Seale's house—Mott did not come—he remained at his office—we went into Seale's front parlour—May took the money out of his trowser's pocket in bank notes and sovereigns—Seale then brought in some lunch, a bottle of stout, and so on—May described what took place during the night—he said that shortly after the doors were locked, he set to work at the lock.

Q. Did he say where he went to? A. He was in the Receiver or Fines and Forfeitures' office—he said so—he said he first procured the key which opened the Receiver's lock, from his drawer, which had been described to him by Jordan, who saw where the Receiver took it from—he said he then burst the lock open, and then opened the chest, and took from there the money—he also said he cut the leaves out of the book which contained the numbers and names of the parties who paid money there, and he produced the leaves of the book—we looked over them, and saw the name of Leary—the leaves were then burnt—we then counted the money—it amounted to 4, 700l. in notes, 122l. in gold, and about 50l. in silver—we then divided the money into six equal lots, we tossed up for the choice of lots, and after we tossed for the lots we took our different lots, and there was then a deduction made by them for expenses by (Sullivan, Jordan, and May) there was an odd note left (I believe a £20) but I don't know, we were confused and in a hurry—I did not see the amount of the note, but I think it was 20l.—that and the odd silver, and two odd pounds in gold, they kept for expenses—there was a 50l. note with Leary's name on it, which he described as the one he gave Mr. Walsh, and Jordan requested to have that himself, and he had it—Mott was not present at the time—Seals kept his lot, mine and his own together—he took them up-stairs and put them into a package, with the intention of sending them out of town that day—the other parties (Sullivan, Jordan, and May) went away, each taking their own lot—I met Seale in the evening at the Duke of Sussex, and he told me that our money by that time was sixty or seventy miles out of town—he did not say where then—some months afterward he told me it was gone to Leicester—I went down for it by his request and Mott's in February, 1835—Seale directed me there to call on his sister-in-law, Mrs. Donoram, and she would give it to me—I went to Leicester and applied to her—she took me to a house some distance off—she went into the house and brought the parcel out, and gave it to me—I brought it with me direct to London, to my lodging in Trinity Terrace, and the following evening I had Seale and Mott with me, and I then opened the parcel—it was a small deal box, about six inches square—I found the three parcels inside, with the initials T.S., W.H., and H.M. written in pencil—we then opened them, and we counted our lots separately—they amounted to 745l. in notes each lot.

Q. Was that the sum you had allotted to you on the morning of the 28th of November? A. That was the sum my lot amounted to—Seale did not count his money that morning, but I counted mine—Mott and Seale gave me their parcels, and requested me to keep them for them, which I accordingly did, with the intention, as they said, of getting an opportunity of disposing of the notes.

Q. What did you finally do with their parcels? A. I gave Jordan part of the money, for which he gave us sovereigns, deducting 20 per cent.—for all notes under 50l., which he said were not advertised, he said he would take from me at a discount of 20 per cent., and I brought him I

think 270l.—they were altogether out of the three parcels, I got sovereigns for them from Jordan; and some time afterwards I lead another transaction of a similar kind with Jordan—he undertook or take all the notes I had under 100l., which were not advertised, at 20 per cent discount—I brought him I think about 1l. I met him at a house opposite Astley's theatre, kept by Procter, and there gave him the notes; and a few nights afterwards I met him again, and he gave me the gold for them—I gave Seal his share, and Mott's share I kept for him—the rest of the money I put into a parcel, in a tin case, and concealed it in Camberwell church-yard, where it remained for some month, buried in the ground—I had changed my residence shortly after time—a few months after this, Seale told me we had better try and get rid of the remaining part of our notes; and he said he knew a man who was trustworthy, who would go on the Continent and circulate them—he mentioned his name, Henry Morrison—he said he know where he lived, and would take me to him—I went with him to Henry Morrison's house, and saw Morrison—Seale mentioned the subject—Morrison said he would consider of it, and give us an answer in two or three days—we appointed to meet him in two or three days, at the Leopard coffee-house, near London-bridge—we met him there, and it was agreed that we should give him part of the notes, and allow him 30 percent for circulating them on the Continent—I brought him part of the notes a few nights afterwards to his house—I brought him three of £100, two of £10, and a £5 note—he was absent about ten days on the Continent, and brought the gold to my house for the notes—I was then living at Peckham—I gave Seale his share of the gold, and kept Mott's for him till he required it—I used frequently to meet Mott on the subject at the Duke of Sussex, and he frequently called at my house—I still kept the remaining part of the notes for a few months—in September last I had another transaction with Morrison, of the same description—Mott and Seale were privy to that—it was by their consent; I gave Morrison more notes, and he brought me gold for them from the Continent—I then had three £300 notes left—I was then living at Walworth—I concealed those notes in a cup-board-door, at my own house—I bored a hole with a centre-bit in a part of the door, near the hinge—I there placed the notes, putting a cork on the top to them, first tying them round with a bit of white tape and paper—I put the cork into the hole, and puttied it over, and then painted it—I believe this is the cork and string, and it was such paper as this (looking at them)—I was taken into custody four or five weeks ago—I am not married—a woman lived with me as my wife—she knew I had something concealed there, but did not know it was Bank-notes—the three £300 notes were still concealed there when I was taken into custody, (looking at some notes.) I did not take the numbers of the notes—my father came over here while I was in custody on this charge, and I made a statement to him of what I have told you.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS
Q. I collect from what now—I came from Ireland to the custom-house in 1827, and have been employed there till I was apprehended in January last—I was a you say that you are a native of Ireland? A. Yes; my father lives there landing-waiter, the same as Seale—I am about thirty-two years old—I had no employment before I went to the custom-house—I lived with my parents in Ireland—Seale and I became acquainted through my joining the Custom-house, and we quarrelled six or seven months after we became acquainted, which was three or four months after I went to the Custom-house—it

was open quarrel—we had no intimacy for some years after the difference—the reconciliation began about June, 1834—the steps for this robbery commenced very shortly after our making it up—we became very intimate friends immediately after the reconciliation—I was not living with Mrs. Godfrey in June—I was living in Lime-street, City—Dr. Farrant was my landlord—I went from his house to Ireland, and when I came back, I went to lodge with Mrs. Godfrey—she did not know me before I went to lodge there, to my knowledge—Dr. Farrant knew me before I lodged with him—I think he brought me a letter of introduction from a friend of mine—he knew a relation of mine, Dr. Huey, who lived at No. 12, Lime-street, before he went to live there, and he had been my doctor before I went to lodge there, as I had been ill—I went to Ireland on leave of absence—my father requested me to come over to see him—he is a collector of customs at Drogheda—I got into no trouble in Ireland at that time—I returned about the 4th of September—I knew Mott as a clerk by sight, but not otherwise, until June 1834—I knew nothing of him till he was introduced to me by Seale, for the purpose of committing this robbery—the first interview to plan the robbery was at the Three Kingdoms, in Harp-lane—I went there with Seale—Mott was sent for by Seale, and come—we held various meetings at that house—the Duke of Sussex, the Royal Mortar, and the Castle, were generally our places of meeting—we generally met of an evening, after the Custom-house business was over—nobody was present at the first meeting but Seale and Mott—the conversation was between us three.

Q. Was the whole plan arranged there, or was it only just suggested? A. It appeared as if the conversation was an old one between Mott and Seale—Seale proposed breaking open the chest to me—I was rather willing and acquiescing in it—I cannot recollect whether I hesitated about it or not—I did not say I would not mix myself up with it—it was all that time in contemplation till November—we have frequently been seen together at the Duke of Sussex, kept by Mrs. Gurney—her son-in-law has seen us there continually—I do not know whether he is here—he acted as landlord—I do not recollect his name—he used to bring liquor into the room—we took care that nobody should hear our conversation on this subject—Peck keeps the Royal Mortar—he waited on the customers, and knew as very well, and also the man who keeps the Castle—we occasionally met there as well as at other houses—Mott was not present at all the meetings.

Q. Will you swear he was ever at any conversation, except at the meeting when Seale sent for him from the Custom-house? A. Yes, several; and they were in the evening—I kept no dates—the robbery was to be done on the 27th—I did not point out the mode by which it was to be done—I was a sharer, and accessory—I did not take any part in pointing out how it might be done, for I was never in the Receiver's Office in my life, where it is now situated—the office was originally differently situated—it has been lately removed to the King's Warehouse, and in that office I never was in my life—I could not furnish any means how it could be accomplished.

Q. Did you know any thing of the use of cracksmen and such phrases? A. I was not acquainted with them at first—I judged what they meant by stowing away—I fancied what a cracksman meant, but did not know to a certainly—I did not know what it was till it was explained—I asked Seale what it meant—I suspected what it meant, and asked to make myself certain—I was never a witness any where before in my life—I never

wrote down an account of this transaction since I have made the disclosure I gave an account of it, but not before—I made a disclosure to my father and Mr. Rowan, a friend, at the same time—I was in custody at the time it was not written down then it was first written down, I think about the 23rd or 24th of January—I was then in Giltspur-street complete—Mr. Rowan took some notes of it, and some days afterwards Mr. Walford and Mr. Hobler took it down Mr. Rowan has been a friend of mine for years—he took down what I had to disclose with a view to make a full disclosure to his Majesty's Customes it was to have the particulars of my disclosure for the purpose of detection—I requested Mr. Rowan to goto the Commissioners, and say I would make a full disclosure and confession of my guilty knowledge of the transaction—he took it down, because he said he could not know what it was unless he did take it down.

Q. did you give the account to save yourself, or for the purposes of justice? A. My object in doing it, was for the purpose of saving Mr. Rowan from blame, which might be attached to him for his friendly conduct towards me; and, in the next place as a sort of justice to my father and family, for the disgrace I had brought upon them—as to myself, I said at the time I should have no mercy, for I should be transported for life—my family first knew of it when my father came to town—that was about the 19th of January—my father knew nothing of it from me till I was taken up—he was on his way here, and came to town the day I was apprehended—I made a full confession of every thing at the time, and Mr. Rowan took it down in writing—he took a note of it, and I afterwards gave it to Mr. Hobler and Mr. Walford—Mr. Hobler took down the whole of it from the beginning to the end, as near as I can recollect—I told him the same as I have repeated here to-day, as near as I can recollect—Jordan and Sullivan came to me at my own house on the 27th, and remained there half an hour—Jordan, Sullivan, and May came to me at the Canal-bridge on the 28th—we then proceeded to Seale's house—we had to go about 100 yards from the Canal-bridge a woman waited on us at the public-house, before we went to Seale's—I have not seen her since, to my knowledge—there was nobody in the house but Seale and myself—we sat in a room below, and when we saw the other parties coming across the Canal-bridge, we came out and met them—I saw nobody but Seale when we got to his house—I did not see Mrs. Seale, she might have been in the house, but I did not see her—Seale went on before, and had the door opened—Seale told me he did up the parcel that was sent to Leicester—Mott had a portion of the money—on my coming back from Leicester in February 1835, with the parcel, it was opened, and the seals broken—that was at Mrs. Godfrey's in Trinity-terrace—Mrs. Godfrey did not see it done—Seale, Mott, and myself did.

Q. May I ask you why you kept this in your mind till January, when you were apprehended did you mean never to disclose it, if you had not been apprehended? A. I do not know that it is a question I can answer—I might have been induced to disclose it, but I cannot say I would not, nor that I would—being apprehended, I disclosed it at once for the reasons I have given—I frequently dined out—I occasionally dined at house nobody knew I had the money—the woman I lived with knew I had something concealed she did not know what it was I had before that put in the church-yard I know a person of the name of Bevan—I deposited a box with him in November, 1834, I think it was a day or two before the 27th the box contained private documents and things of mine, some papers and other things.


Q. What other things? A. I do not know that I am obliged to answer—it was before the robbery—unless I am obliged to answer, I decline—it cannot criminate myself—it has no connexion with this matter.

COURT. You say you have no apprehension of its criminating yourself? A. It may in one sense of the word, it does not at all belong to this case.

MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS. Q. I ask you on your oath to tell me what the box contained, which you deposited with Mr. Bevan a day or two before the 27th? A. Unless obliged by the Court, I cannot answer, because in one sense I may criminate myself—I have got the box from him again—it might be a month or two afterwards; it was before I was taken up—I have kept it in my possession ever since—I do not know that I have it now—I have never been accused of taking money from any man—we had a landing-waiter named William Pitlam, belonging to the Customs—we very rarely kept company—we did not spent out evenings together—I used to be with him on business at the London Docks—I was with him twice on an evening—I was never charged with having a 5l. note of his, not a book—I dined with him one day—Seale brought him one evening to dine at my house—he and Seale both went away tipsy—there was never a dispute about a 5l. note that evening—I never said I had shaken him of a 5l. note—I do not know what shaking means—I recollect nothing whatever about it—I never said I got a 5l. note by shaking him against a wall—Mr. Rowan has been a very zealons friend of mine for some years—I have already stated that my motive for making confession of my guilty knowledge of this transaction was, a sort of feeling to make some sort of compensation to my father for the ruin and disgrace I have brought upon him, and the disgrace I have brought on Mr. Rowan, and all through his friendly feeling towards me, and thinking I was innocent, he did commit himself—that was the feeling that dictated my confession to them.

Q. Do not you expect to be saved yourself? A. I do not know what to expect—it was no expectation of that kind that induced me to make a confession—perhaps I may be saved to a certain extent—I have not been told that I shall, not by any body—I believe, to a certain extent, that I may be saved.

COURT. Q. Do you expect to be benefited by giving evidence? A. I do not expect to be benefited.

MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS. Q. Do not you expect to be saved from punishment by it? A. I cannot say but I do expect it may be less—I may expect to be saved to a certain extent, because my punishment may be mitigated—I cannot know what will happen—I do not know whether I shall be indicted and tried—I have never thoroughly considered the matter—I do not know what the consequences will be—I believe and think that perhaps my punishment may be mitigated.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you a married man? A. No, I am not nor ever was—I have left nobody in Ireland who I called my wife.

Q. Nor any children you call yours? A. Not legitimate children—I never lived with any body as my wife, except the woman in England; that I swear the children were at Drogheda—I think I have had only two—I have had the credit of having two—I cannot positively say they were mine—my father is a collector of the customs at Drogheda, and lives in the Custom-house—considerable responsibility is entailed on him in that situation when the men proposed to me to rob the Custom-house at Drogheda I told them there was nothing to rob—that is the reason I did not

disclose that to my father—there was very little property in the Custom-house—the money does not remain there, it is sent to London every week—that was the reason I did not disclose it to my father—I did feel disgusted at the proposal—I did not think any thing of the kind would take place—I do not know whether there was property in the Custom-house of Dublin—I was not acquainted with it—I do not know how long my father was collector of the Custom-house at Drogheda—I should think he has been so twenty-four or twenty-five years—I have been about eight years in the Custom-house—I entered at a salary of 200l. a year, and at the time of the robbery I had 250l.—I had no perquisites, except for seizures—they would not average 50l. a year—that was the way I lived, and the only way—I am no business.

Q. Am I to understand you derived money from no other source? A. No, I should say no profit from any other source—I have often gambled a good deal, and have often won 100l. and lost 100l.—what I might win one day I might call mine, but it was not profit—I never gave a different account of this transaction, to the best of my knowledge, to any body, never to my recollection—I have known Jordan and Sullivan eighteen or nineteen months—in my examination before the surveyor-general, Mr. Manning, I said that I did not know them—that was not true—it was not on oath, it was before I was in custody—I was only examined once before Mr. Manning—I was asked if I knew them, and I said I did not—at that time I had known them longer than twelve months—Mr. Worthington was present at the examination—they were both present when I said I did not know Jordan or Sullivan.

Q. You have been talking about a torn leaf, what name was on one of the torn leaves?—what was the Christian name? A. It was either William or John, I am not sure which—I have said it was William, to the best of my recollection—I think I said William Leary—I swore to the best of my recollection.

COURT. Q. Do you know whether the name on the note was John or William? A. I do not know whether it was John or William positively.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you see the note? A. I did, and saw the name of Leary on it—I do not recollect which Christian name it was—there were some bank-notes, concerning which I was questioned by Mr. Manning, which it was alleged I had received from Jordan—Mr. Manning asked me to account from where I got these notes—I said to the best of my recollection I got them from a gaming-house—I have seen Mr. Manning here to-day—I said I had won a sum of money at No. 1, Leicester-square, and perhaps I might have got them there—I said I thought I had got them there—I do not think I said positively that I had got them there.

Q. Did you hesitate about having taken them there till Mr. Manning showed you the house was not open at the time? A. I said I might have got them there—to the best of my recollection I did not say positively—I did not say that Captain Jones was with me that night—I said that Jones had been there with me—I mentioned No.1, Leicester-square, without the slightest hesitation—I said I might have got them there—that was the word I used.

COURT. Q. What was it you said? A. I said at that time I had won a sum of money at No. 1, Leicester-square, an I might have got them there, but it turned out the house was not open at the time, but the party who kept that house kept one close to it.


MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is that house in the same street or square? A. Not one hundred yards off—it is in Leicester-place, Leicester-square—they are Jews who keep it—I gave that house as No.—, Leicester-square—there is a gaming-house in Leicester-place—that is the house I spoke of—to the best of my recollection they kept the house at that time—I have been in a great many gamin-houses within the last twelve months—perhaps a dozen.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I think you spoke of a conversation you had with Jordan on the 26th of November, the day before the robbery—was it on the 26th of November to which the conversation referred about the £50 note?—was it the 26th or not? A. The conversation about the £50 note, and having given it to Mr. Walsh, was on the 26th of November—that was the note he wrote his name and address on.

MR. ATTORNEY GENERAL. Q. When were you taken up? A. I think about the 15th of January—I made the disclosure on the 21st of January—till then I had denied all knowledge of them—my father arrived in London on the first day that I was brought before the magistrates—I don't know the date—it was before the 21st of January—I first confessed in Coldbath-fields prison before my father and Mr. Rowan—my father was very much distressed on account of my situation—it was after the 21st of January that I was first examined on oath—I then made a disclosure, and stated in substance what I have stated to-day—I disclosed to Mr. Rowan where the money was concealed—that was when I was at Coldbath-fields.

COURT. Q. Will you repeat to me what was told you—you any Jordan and Sullivan came to you in the afternoon of the 27th of November? A. Yes; about a quarter before five o'clock—they told me that about seven or eight minutes before four o'clock they (Sullivan, Jordan, and May) watched the clerks out of the Receiver of fines and-forfeitures' office, and that they took an opportunity, by standing together and putting up an umbrella, for the purpose of covering the person of May from any persons that might be standing about, so that he might go into the Receiver of fines and forfeitures' office, which they did, and then went on the esplanade—they did not describe to me exactly what May did while the umbrella was flashed up.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did not one of them tell you, while the umbrella was open, May walked into the office and closed the door? A. They said he went into the office—they did not say how he got in—they said he walked into the Receiver of fines' office, and they came away—I don't trecollect that they said whether he or they closed the door, or any thing about it.





GEORGE FRANCIS ROWAN
. I am a searcher and tide-waiter of the port of London. I have been acquainted with Huey for six years, and have known his father about two years—he is a collector of customs for the port of Drogheda, in Ireland—since the young man has been in town I have acted as his friend—he sent to me and told me he was taken into custody, and I made a communication to his father in Ireland by letter—I saw him at Lambeth-street in custody the first time, and I was denied admission afterwards—I did not apply, but I knew I could not see him—his father came on the Wednesday night, I think—we applied to the Magistrate for an order, and got admission to see him—his father appeared in a very dejected and miserable state—he did not make any disclosure the first man I saw him with his father, as we were separated by two bars, but afterwards, by order of the Magistrate, we were within the bars, and then be made a disclosure to us—I afterwards went to the place of his abode,

in consequence of a communication he made, and searched a cupboard—I saw Mrs. Hucy—I made a very minute search before I saw her, and found nothing whatever—when Mrs. Hucy came in, she went to the back part of the cupboard door, on the lodge near the hinge—she called for a corkscrew and drew forth a cork—I had not been able to find that cork myself; it was painted and puttied over so much that it escaped my observation altogether—when the cork was drawn, there was a small paper parcel with something tied round it and notes in it—these are the notes (produced)—my signature is on them—I marked them at the time—they are No. 7988. dated "4th October, 1831," 300l.; No.2309, dated "14th November. 1831." 300l.; and No.2310, dated "14th November, 1834." 300l.; I handed these notes to Mr. Hobler, and took a receipt for them.

Q. Had you and the father, before you went to see the young man in prison, any interview with the Commissioners of the Customs? A. I think I saw one of the Commissioners on the Monday previous—I told them on the Tuesday that I had seen Hucy twice—I saw one of the Commissioners before the Wednesday on which I went and received the disclosure.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you any authority from the Commissioners to make any communication to him on the subject? A. I had no authority from them to make a communication—I told one of the Commissioners I had seen him, and begged him to make a disclosure to me as closely as I could, but I could not persuade him—I did not make him any promise for any disclosure he was to make—I do not know Andrew Morrison—I had a communication with a person—I do not know who he was—I think I saw him to-day about half-past eight o'clock when I drove by here—I did not make him the offer of a free pardon to give evidence—I said I would try to get him one—I did not see any Commissioner of Customs till afterwards—I think was last Monday night—I have been intimate with Huey ever since 1830.

Q. Did you make an offer to a strange man of a free pardon, and yet made no offer to your friend with whom you had been intimate so long? A. Decidedly I did not—I never made any offer to get Huey a situation in the colonies or the West lndies, if he gave evidence—I had no authority to do so—I never said so to any person.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. The person to whom you made the proposal you did not see till last Monday week? A. No, that had nothing whatever to do with Huey's confession—his confession was on a Monday, in January—the evidence of the person I made the offer to, was to be given about May.





WILLIAM BILLINGS
. I am the King's warehouse-keeper at the Customs. I know Mr. Walsh, the Receiver of the fines—I deposited four £100 notes with him about the 19th of November, 1834. a few days before the robbery—I am not certain as to the day—I did not take the numbers myself, but I have obtained them from the bankers—I received them from Lubbock and Co.—I believe it was a day or two before I gave them to Mr. Walsh—I deposited with him the same £100 notes as I received from Lubbock's—I remember the fifty-seventh sale at the Custom-house I was auctioneer on the occasion—I have a book of the sale here
Lot 329 was twenty gallons of rum—it was bought in the name of T.C. Jones—it amounted to the 11l., I believe it was sold by the gallon—I know Jones—he sometimes bought for himself and sometimes for other persons—he is a general merchant and buyer at the Custom-house. I have given

strict orders that no person in my employ should bid for any lot—Mott was one of my clerks, and he was within that rule—I have been endeavouring to trace out this robbery almost ever since it was committed—on the 2nd of December, (I believe,) I went to the Red Lion, in King-street—I was accompanied by Foster, Lec, and Stace, the officers—I saw Jordan and Sullivan there—I saw Jordan first—I was left below with a couple of persons to wait while Lee and the other officers were up stairs securing Sullivan—I was left below to secure Jordan if he should arrive—I heard a disturbance up stairs—I sent the parties with me to assist, and in the mean time Jordan came into the house—the landlady gave me an intimation that it was Jordan—he ordered his breakfast and went up stairs—I followed him, and when he arrived on the first landing-place he heard the disturbance above stairs, and was attempting to come down again—I put a pistol to his breast, and told him he was my prisoner, and begged he would not move—I called for assistance, and somebody came from the party above stairs and secured him—I received the notes for a cheque of 498l. odd shillings.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS. Q. Does your duty take you into the King's warehouse, into the room where the chest was kept? A. No, very seldom—I have no duty there.

COURT. Q. Your warehouse is exactly on the other side of the lobby? A. Yes.





CHARLES HIGAM
. I am a clerk in the house of Messrs. Lubbock, the bankers, I have my book of November, 1834—on the 19th of November, 1834, I gave cash for a cheque of 498l. 5s.—I gave four notes of 100l. each, Nos. 8693, 8694, 8695, and 8698—another clerk will prove the dates—I only enter the numbers when I pay notes away—the numbers are taken when the notes come into the house.





ALGERNON BUTTERFIELD
. I am a clerk to Messrs. Lubbock. I have an entry of the notes, 8694 and 8698—they were both dated October 28th, 1834—these are the notes (looking at some)—they correspond with the entry.

COURT. Q. Do you speak to No.8693? A. Yes; that was dated also October the 28th, and 8695 the same—all four were that date.





WILLIAM KEDGE
. I am a cabinet-maker. In November, 1834, I lived at No. 3, East-lane, Old Kent-road—a person named Leary lived next door to me—I had opportunities of seeing him—the prisoner Jordan is the man—he did not carry on any business, to my knowledge—I have also seen Sullivan and Seale there frequently, on Sundays—I have seen Huey there at the same time as the others—Leary left that house at the beginning of December, 1834—I usually saw these persons there at a late hour in the afternoon—I might say from four to five o'clock—I have seen them go out, and walking down the garden.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS. Q. Were you ever inside the house Leary lived in? A. Yes; several times, in my business—I was employed in the house by the landlady, but not at the time the persons called there—I am quite sure Seale is one of the persons I have seen go there—I believe I have always said so—I can say I have seen him more than once.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What sized house is it? A. A four-roomed house, and a room at the back—I have worked in it both below stairs and up stairs while Leary lived there—I never knew there to be any lodgers in the house—I will not swear there was not.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Can you fix on any day when you saw these persons there? A. No; I have seen them there on a

Sunday—(Leary came the beginning of November, and left early in December)—it was not so dark when they came as not for me to see them—it was dusk, about four or five o'clock—it has never been so dark but I could discover them—they had their hats on when I saw them—I never saw them after the early part of December, till I saw them before the Justice—I am a master tradesman—I keep no shop—what I do, I do for myself—I was not an acquaintance of theirs at all.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. How long did Leary live next door to you before November? A. Not above two months—these persons came there very shortly after he came to the house—they continued coming till Leary went away.

COURT. Go to the bar and touch the persons you mean. (The witness here pointed out Jordan and Sullivan. Witness. I have seen both the other two there, more than once—I have seen them there on Sundays.

Q. Often, or seldom? A. Seldom—(looking at his deposition;) this is my handwriting—it was read over to me before I signed it.

COURT. Then you have not given the same account to-day—before you said, "I have seen Sullivan, Mott, and Huey there; I cannot say I have seen Seale."





MARY ANN RUDD
. I am landlady of the house, No. 4, East-street, Kent-road. I let that in the Autumn of 1834—I think it was from the latter end of August to about the 1st of December—I let it to a Mr. Leary—I have seen him since before the Magistrates—it was the prisoner Jordan—I do not know any of the other prisoners.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When had you seen Leary before to-day? A. When I was called on—when I was subpoened—I saw him in Wellclose-square.





JOHN CORDY RICHES
. I am in the coal and potato trade. I lived in East-lane, Kent-road—while I carried on business there, a person named Leary lived opposite, at No. 4—that is the man (pointing to Jordan)—as far as I can recollect, he lived there about three months while I was there—he came in 1834, two or three weeks before Michaelmas quarter—I have seen Sullivan and Mott go there, and I have every reason to believe I have seen Seale—Sullivan lived at that time at the bottom of what I believe is called Stamford-place, going out of East-lane, directly opposite my house—I served Leary and Sullivan with coals and vegetables while they lived there—my house is called No. 3—there are two or three Nos. 3.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS. Q. Who are the men you have been speaking of as having seen at Leary's? A. The two middle prisoners I have been constantly visiting at No. 4. (Sullivan and Mott)—I know nothing about Mott, besides seeing him backwards and forwards there—I am positive of him—I have seen him continually visiting there—I also feel confident Seale is a man I have seen visiting at the house—I am under no mistake—Mr. Hobler applied to me to become a witness here—I appeared at Wellclose-square a few weeks ago—I received 1s. with the subpœna.

MR. ADOLPHES. Q. Were you examined before the Justices there? A. Yes,





MARY GODEFREY
. I live at No. 17, Trinity-Terrace, Trinity-square, Borough. Huey lived in my house—he first came to lodge on the 22nd of September, 1831, and occupied the two parlours—on the afternoon of the 27th of November, Hucy came home from four to five o'clock, to the best

of my knowledge—he came alone—a gentleman came and dined with him—I should know him again—that is the gentleman (pointing to Seale)—Huey had ordered dinner about a quarter past four o'clock, and Mr. Seale came in while he was at dinner—I cannot say whether he came alone—two other gentlemen called on Huey at the time they were at dinner—I should know them—Jordan and Sullivan are the persons—they staid about a quarter or half an hour—Huey let them out—Seale remained with Huey an hour or two hours—to the best of my knowledge Huey went out with him—I cannot say at what time Huey came home that night—he left home pretty early next morning—I should suppose about eight o'clock—it might be before or a little after—I cannot say exactly whether he went out before breakfast—I remember Huey's going into the country at the latter end of January, or beginning of February, 1835—he went away on Monday morning, and returned on Tuesday night—after his return, I noticed a small square box and some sealing-wax on it—I saw it in the fire-place in his bed-room—that was the back parlour.

Q. Did you see either of the prisoners at his lodging about the time or before you noticed the box? A. I cannot say whether it was at the time or before—I saw Sullivan there—a great many called—I cannot say I did see them afterwards—they have all been to Huey's lodgings at different times—I opened the door to Sullivan one night—I have a daughter who attended on my lodgers—I do not keep a servant.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You were examined before the Magistrate? A. Yes—Huey was ill at my house—I will not swear it was at the latter end of November—he was confined—he came home on the Saturday, and remained in about two or three days—he did not go out—that was about the latter end of November—he was confined to his bed two days, and the other two or three days to the house—he might have been five or six days altogether ill—he was not all that time in the house—he went out on the Wednesday—he was confined from Saturday to Wednesday.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. About your examination at Wellclose-square, were you examined early in the day or late in the evening? A. Late in the evening—Huey had key of the street-door to himself—he could let himself in and out without my knowledge—I did not see him sometimes when he went out in the morning, until next morning—when he was at home, he generally went out about seven o'clock in the evening, and let himself in.





MARY GODFREY, JUN
. I live with my mother, and assist her in attending to the lodgers—Huey lodged at my mother's in November, 1834—on the 27th of that month Mr. Seale came to dine with him—while they were at dinner, or after, two gentlemen came—I did not let them in, but I saw them—they are the two farthest prisoners (Jordan and Sullivan)—it was about half-past four o'clock—I have seen the prisoner Mott there—I did not see him there that day—I have on other days, before and after that—he came to see Huey—he staid with him when he came—he usually came about five or four o'clock—I have seen him come a great many times—I remember seeing the small box—it was burnt. JAMES JORDAN. In 1834 I was a watchman at the Custom-house. I know the persons of Jordan and Sullivan, and had know them for some months before the robbery—I saw them at the Custom-house in the course of that year—I had seen them several times at the Custom-house before the time the robbery took place—I should say both in and outside the Custom-house—I cannot say I have seen them inside the King's warehouse—I have seen

them about the King's warehouse—I saw them about there after the robbery, once or twice—in December, 1835, I recollect being in the East-cellar—I saw Huey there, and in consequence of something he said, I went to Mr. Mott. land Mott came to the East-cellar to him—Huey had desired me to tell Mott a gentleman wanted to see him in the King's warehouse, not to say who it was, nor let any person hear—I communicated the message to Mott privately, not only in consequence of what Huey told me, but I had heard something before—Mott came to him—I was quite close to them when they met—Mott asked Huey how he was—he said he was very bad, and he said, "I am," or, "we are done, by God "—they then left the cellar, and I saw no more of them.

MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS. Q. It was Huey used that phrase? A. Yes.





FRANCIS CHARLES HILLERY
. I am a clerk in the Bank. I have an entry of some notes paid to Mr. Wood—one was No.7988, dated "4th October, 1834. "for 300l.—it was in payment of a cheque—I paid it to him on the 22nd of October, 1834.





SAMUEL STERCK
 re-examined. Q. You stated that you put out the fires in the officer of the Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures; is there any fire in the outer office? A. There was only one fire that I know of—that was in the inner office, next to the door as you go in—it is not where the clerk's place is—there is a partition—it is only room, but the partition parts it—the fire is in the outer part, at first entering the room—the does was fast after the clerks went out of the office—it shuts to with a spring. lock—no one was left in the room when I left it, not to my knowledge—I am not positive, but I rather think the door will fall to on a person going out.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS. Q. Does the door shut of itself?—it has a spring, has it not, which shuts itself? A. I am not exactly positive whether it does—it has got a spring-lock.

MR. WALSH
re-examined Q. Does the door from the outer office into the passage shut by a spring? A. It does now—believe it did not at that time that is the door leading from the clerk's office to the passage, called "the outer office."





CHARLES GEORGE THORPE
. I reside at Dower's hotel, at Calais. I have a book, in which persons' names are entered who come to the hotel (producing it)—on the 9th of September, 1835, I have the name of William Herring entered—I believe the prisoner Jordan to be the person who entered in that name—there was another party with him—there were two together—they requested me to get their passports signed to go into Belgium, and to take their places by the coach for Lisle, which I did—the entry in the book was made by the parties themselves—here is "Williamson, John, aged 10, merchant, native of England, usual place of residence, England, London; arrived from Dover and went to Lisle on the 9th, the next day"—they arrived on the 8th—the other entry is "William Herring, aged 39, chemist by profession, (that is what was on his passport,)native of England, usual place of residence, London; came from Dover"—those two persons had their places to Lisle by the coach—they returned to Calais on the 13th and went back to Dover on the 14th, by the post-office mail—I saw them on issued the vessel—I saw them write these entries when they came—when they left the entry was in my handwriting.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS. Q. Which is the man you believe to be one of them? A. Jordan, the farthest from me—I am what is called "the commissioner"—a great many men came to the hotel in the course of a day. I have not a distinct recollection of all the persons that come they slept at the hotel going and coming. I can tell by

the book how many guests we had that day—only four arrived that day—very possibly we had a great many persons in our house at that time—I only believe Jordan to be one of them—I have been long at Calais, and on the continent generally—it is not uncommon for persons of the highest respectability to travel under feigned names—they often give military names—I was not subbpœned to come here—they sent a messenger to bring me here—I was at Boulogne at the time, being arrested for debt—I got released, and came here.

COURT. Q. Have you any recollection at what time of day they came on the 8th?, A. It was towards the middle of the day—they quitted for Lisle about one o'clock on the 9th—they returned about eight o'clock in the evening of the 13th from Lisle, by the evening coach, and sailed for England on the 14th, and I think about nine or ten o'clock in the morning.





NARCISSE VALLORS DUPONT
 (through an interpreter). I am a jeweller and goldsmith, and live at Lisle, and am a changer of money. I changed this 100l. note (looking at one) on the 10th of September, 1835—I wrote my name on it three days afterwards—two Englishmen came to my house on the 10th of September, from twelve to one o'clock, to buy a gold watch—after they had examined the watches which I presented to them, they chose one, and compared it with an English watch—I gave them a gold key to wind up the watch which I had sold them—they afterwards drew out of a pocket-book this Bank-note of 100l., and I made one of them sign on the note—he signed his name "William Herring"—I gave back to Herring he difference of the price of the watch in gold money of France, and a Bank bill of 500 francs—William Herring is the furthest prisoner from me (Jordan.)

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you seen that person before who came to your shop? A. Never; the next time I saw the same person was in England, before a Magistrate—I cannot swear positively that Jordan is the man—he is very much like the person—he has a great deal of "analogy" with the man I saw at my house—I mean likeness, resemblance.

COURT. Q. Do you or do you not believe be is the man? A. I believe he is the man.





SIGISMUND MESSEL
. I live at Brussels, and am in the employ of my uncle, who is a banker there. I remember two persons coming to my house on the 11th of September last, between one and two o'clock in the day—they were Englishmen—they came to change a bank-note—this is the note—I changed it—it has my handwriting on it—it is for 100l., (No. 8694, dated the 28th of October, 1834)one of them wrote on it, in my presence, "Mr. W. Herring, Marine P—, Dover"—here is part of the writing on this note now, "Marine P—, Dover"—there is a Marine Parade at Dover—I think Jordan is one of the men who came to me on that occasion—he is the person who wrote on the note, according to the best of my recollection.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long was the person in your sight who wrote on the note? A. Nearly half an hour—I think it was ten days or a fortnight after the occurrence, that I was first called on to recollect about this—I was shewn another person besides Jordan, for the purpose of recognising which of the two came to my house—I do not see that the now—I saw that person at Guy's Hospital—his name was not told to me—that was the only person I saw—that was at the end of January—About ten days or a fortnight after, I changed the note; I sent to London, and received a letter from the Custom-house, to ask me to

give a description of the person—I think to the best of my belief Jordan is the man, but I will not swear it.

MR. BODKIN. Q. When you saw the man at Guy's Hospital, did you recognise him as having any part in the transaction? A. No; I said so—my being written to from the Custom-house was the first communication I had about it after changing the note—inquiries were made of me, and I gave a description of the person—I came over here in January.





NARCISSA VALLORS DUPONT

re-examined by Mr. Clarkson. (Looking at a gold watch) I saw this watch before the Justice here, and I had seen it before at Lisle.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Do you know that watch again, or only that it is like the one you saw at Lisle? A. Herring showed me one like this at Lisle.

COURT
Q. I Had you the watch in your hand at Lisle? A. I do not recollect—I saw it very near, but I do not recollect having it in my hands—I did not look at the maker's name or number.





GEORGE BENNETT
. I am a clerk in the Custom-house. My seat is in the clerk's office, in the warehouse keeper's office—Mr. Mott sat next to me.

Q. Is there a bar in that office to prevent accidental comers from seeing what is doing in your disk? A. They can see into the office, but cannot get in to the desk—if they raise themselves up, they might see what was in the desk, but they could see me and the clerks without raising themselves up—Mott could see all I did without any difficulty—I had in my possession a duplicate key of the king's warehouse—it was a large key—I kept it in my desk or drawer—sometimes in my desk and sometimes in my drawer—I occasionally took it home with me—I kept it in my desk by day, and took it home at night, rolled up in paper—In 1834, I was absent from duty, on account of sickness, from the 22nd of November to the 2nd or 3rd of December, and my key at that time, to the best of my belief, was in my desk—I had left it at the Custom-house—Seale used to come to my office to Mott, just before four o'clock, as I supposed, to walk home with him.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS. Q. What is the bar that separates your seat from where strangers would come? A. An iron bar—merely an iron rail about breast high—any one can look over it, and by raising themselves up, they could see into the desk—three clerks use the office—Mr. Mott, Mr. Herman, and myself; and the messenger usually sits there—a stranger would come in, but not within the bar—I know Huey by sight, just to say, "good morning"—I knew him as a custom-house landing waiter—I did not see him about the custom-house much—I have seen him in our office, if he came in to ask any questions—I do not recollect having seen him in our office—I have seen him about the custom-house—he may or may not have been in our office—I have known Mott a good while I think he has been there ever since 1829 or 1830—it is a common for two clerks to walk home together—my leaving the key was accidental, occasioned by my being ill—it would be visible to any clerk in the office who came there—when I came back from my sickness I found the key where I left it I had the key of my desk I found the key exactly as I left it but I cannot speak positively whether it was in my desk or drawer—I found it in no situation to excite my surprise. MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was it left in a desk or drawer where persons coming accidentally would not have across? A. Persons had no business

at the drawer—it was my private drawer—no person could have occasion to see it in my desk—it was not given to any one to do my work while I was away—I left it—locked up or out of night, and found it exactly as I supposed I had left it—it was wrapped up in paper.

COURT. Q. Did you leave the drawer or desk locked? A. The desk was locked, I kept the key locked up, and found it so—it could not have been removed out of that but by means of a false key.





FRANCES BRADY
. I am a boot and shoe maker, and live in Cornbury-place, Kent-road—I know all the prisoners—I worked for Sullivan and Jordan—I cannot say how long I have known them—I think it was the latter end of 1834—I recollect hearing of the robbery at the Custom-house—I think I knew them before that—I have seen the four prisoners in company, in the parlour of the Castle, in the old-Kent-road (I think it was before the robbery) not particularly in company, but mixing together as other people—I have seen them frequently at different times—there was a free-and-easy about to take place, and I was to take the cahir, at Thomas Reynolds's, and I invited some of them to go—I gave cards to Sullivan, and I think to Seale—I will not be certain, but I recollect Sullivan and Seale, and two or three of them came there on that occasion—I think they came together, but I cannot say positively—I was in the room at the time—I think they were not long after each other—it was at Tom Reynold's, at the Lion and Lamb, at Horseley-down.

Q. Have you ever heard any of the prisoners converse on the subject of the Custom-house robbery? A. Yes, I have, at different times—I think I heard Sullivan converse on it—it was the topic of conversation with all persons mixed together—I never heard the prisoners converse by themselves on the question—I heard Sullivan converse on the subject—I do not recollect either of the other prisoners being present at the time, but they might have been, as it was frequently a matter of conversation—one night I heard Sullivan say there was a number of gold watches there—I said I wondered they did not take the gold watches—he said, "No, diamonds were the things"—that a man might put as many in his pocket and walk away unsuspected; but he did not speak as if he was connected with it—I thought it was as if he might have read of it—I know Huey—I have seen him at this place at the same time as the prisoners frequently.

COURT. Q. You have pointed out Jordan, by what name did you know him A. I knew him as the brother of Thomas Sullivan—I cannot say that I heard him called by any name, but I was given to understand he was the brother of Thomas Sullivan—I knew Sullivan by the name of Sullivan.
---- MYERS. I am a constable belonging to the Sessions-house of Southwark I know Mott and Sullivan, and I know Jordan by sight, but not by name—I have known Mott many years—for some time before the robbery at the Custom-house, I was frequently in the habit of visiting public-houses in the neighbourhood—I have seen Sullivan and Mott together at the Royal Mortar, in the London-road, dept by Mr. Peck—I know Huey—I saw him once in company with Mott at the Royal Mortar I know the Castle, in the Old Kent-road—I believe it is kept by Mr. Smith I have seen Sullivan and Jordan there together frequently—I cannot call to mind how many times—I know the Lion and Lamb, kept by Tom Reynolds—I have seen Mott and Sullivan there together—I know

the King's Arms, in Blackman—about two or there years ago I recollect seeing Sullivan there by himself.

Cross-examined by
MR. ANDREWS. Q. The Royal Mortar is near the Circus, is it not? A. Yes; in the London—road—it is a place persons may very likely go to after the entertainment at the Circus—Mr. peek. helps the house—it had a coffee—room, used by respectable gentlemen—it may he twelve months ago that I saw Mott with Sullivan at the Lion and Lamb—I merely guess the time—I have known Molt for many year to he a respectable man.





MARY ANN DUGGINS
. I live at the Castle, in Old Kent-road—I was there in September 1831, and staid till the middle of January, 1835—I have seen Sullivan and Jordan there, and Seale—I knew Jordan by the name of Leary, he was frequently there—I have seen them there frequently together—I have seen Huey there with the three prisoners of an evening, in the public room.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS. Q. When did you leave the Castle? A. Last January twelve months, I waited in the room chiefly—there was a boy, but he did not wait, unless I was out of the way.





JOSEPH NATHANIEL BORGUIS
. My mother—in—law keeps the Duke of Sussex, at Peckham. I conduct the business for her—we entered the house on the 27th of September, 1834—I know the prisoners Seale and Mott well, but not the other two—I have seen Huey at our house likewise—I have seen them there together—they were in the habit of using that house before we took it—they occasionally used it, down to the time of their being apprehended, but Huey did not quite so long—Seale living close by, used to come almost every evening—Mott usually came once a week—on Sunday mornings they would perhaps meet together, with two or three other gentlemen belonging to the Custom—house, when I opened the house after church time, and take a glass together before taking a walk before dinner—they did not dine at our house—they walked home to dine—Mott has not been there much latterly, nor Huey—at first he used to be more constant—they have come to our house separately, and very often together—they left as often separately as together—both ways.





HOPPER BANKS
. I am a clerk to Messrs. Prescot and Co., of Thread-needle—street. I know the prisoner Jordan—the first time I saw him was on the 3rd of April, 1834—I have a memorandum of it—he came by himself, and introduced himself by the name of John Leary—he said he had got some money, that he had lately arrived from America, and had got some money in his pocket, Which he wished to leave with us for safety—I spoke to Mr. Prescot, and he reluctantly allowed me to take it in—we have a receipt account and a cash account at our house—the receipt account is one in which the party draws money out of the sum he deposits, and gives back the receipt he has had, and takes a fresh one—the cash account is where they deposit money, and draw cheques—his was a receipt account at first—we do not take cash accounts, unless somebody introduces the party—nobody introducing him, I gave him a receipt account only—at the time of giving this receipt account, he entered his name in a book which I have here, (produced.) He at first wrote his name "John Leary"—he told me he had no lodging at that time, but he afterwards gave me his address, "St. Great Suffolk-street, Borough"—he wrote that himself—I saw him write both—he afterwards, drew out a portion of the money on the receipt account—on those occasions I took back his old receipts, and gave him back fresh ones for the balance—I always did it myself, except once—these

are the cheques be drew on the receipt account (looking at them)—this is the first receipt I gave him—it is for 700l.—he put his name on every one of them—here are five in all, four of my own—after a time, his receipt account was turned into a cash account—I did not do that myself—he afterwards drew cheques on our house—I cannot say whether he sent them ready drawn, or filled them up in my presence—these are the cheques he drew on his cash account—there are six of them—they are paid—I only paid three of them myself.

Q. Take this £50 note, No. 14803, dated the 30th of October, 1834, in your hand, and look at the name of John Leary on the front and back of it—by the Knowledge you have of Leary's handwriting, do you or not believe that to be his handwriting? A. I do; I believe the handwriting on this £20 note, No. 5439, dated the 4th of October, 1834, to be Leary's—and I believe the name of "John Leary, East—street, Kent—road," on these two £5 notes (Nos. 10375 and 6, dated the 23rd of August, 1834)to be his handwriting.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you form your judgment of Leary's handwriting from comparison of handwriting you see here, or from the documents themselves? A. By seeing him write and seeing the cheques—I have seen him write several times—five or six times or oftener—I am sure I have seen him write as often as that—his first account was 700l.—that was paid in April 1834—all the cheques but one bear date antecedent to the 27th of November, 1834, and that bears data on that day—I do not know any thing of the £50 note—it was never in our hands to my knowledge—Leary's account was changed to a cash account by his coming back wards and forwards several an introduction—we do not take cash accounts in the first instance, without an introduction—we changed it from the fact of his having paid money in, and his apparent regularity in paying in and drawing out.

MR. ADOLPHUS
Q. You say all the cheques but one were drawn before the 27th of November, was that one drawn for the whole of the balance you had in your hands? A. I did not pay this cheque—it is dated the 27th of November—I belive we bad no money left in our hand after that cheque was paid, but Mr. Hornby will prove that—it is for £450.





BENJAMIN HORNBY
. I am a clerk to Messrs. Prescot's I paid this cheque, dated the 27th of November—this was the balance of Leary's account—these are the notes in which I paid the balance(loooking at four £160 notes. and one of £50, which was No.14418, 26th of July, 1834.)

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. This £60 in one of the notes you paid to the person who drew out this money on the 27th of November, 183l? A. It is—I believe the prisoner Jordan to be the person I paid it on—I have not the least doubt of the day on which I paid it—it was on the 27th—I am quite sure I did not pay it before the 26th.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Look at these two £5 notes—did you pay them from your banking-house to any cheque drawn by Leary? A. Yes; I paid them both on the 10th of October—the cheque was dated the 10th of October, and was for 20l.—I did not pay this £20 note.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know to whom you paid the two £5 notes? A. To the prisoner Jordan, I believe—I have not the least doubt of it—I do not recollect the circumstance, but I have no doubt I paid them to him.





ROBERT LAWSON
. I am a clerk to Messrs. Prescot (looking at a book). I past this £20 note on the 21st of November, 1834, in payment of this

cheque drawn by Leary—I do not remember who I paid it to—this man the note, "No. 5139, dated the 4th of October, 1834.")





JOSIAH FIELD

re-examined. I am a clerk at the Bank. I issued this £50 note from the Bank, on the 21st of November—it is No. 14803, dated the 30th of October, 1834—the notes for which that was exchanged were passed to me (looking at the £20 and two £5 notes).

Q. Was the £50 note issued in exchange for these notes? A. We do not take the number and dates of the notes we receive in our office—they are passed on to another office—the cash-book office—on this £5 note I have written "Leary, six notes, 50l. "—that indicates that I received six notes, making together 50l.—that the person gave that name and the note on which I wrote must have been one of the notes—the notes would go to Mr. Bock, at the cash-book office, after that.





WILLIAM BOCK
. I am a clerk in the cash-book office. This £20 and two £5 notes were paid into the bank on the 21st of November, in exchange for the £50 note then issued.





CHARLES JAMES BEETSON
. I am a clerk in the Bank. This p£50 note, "No. 14418, 26th July, 1834, "was brought into the Bank on the 17th of December, 1834, in exchange for sovereigns—it is the custom to require the party presenting a note for payment to write their name on the top of the front, and on that place is written, "John Leary, East-street, Kent-road"—I do not know who I paid it to—fifty sovereigns were paid for it in the name of Leary.





THOMAS WHITE
. On the 22nd of November, 1834, I paid a £10 note to a person named II all—to the best of my belief this is the note—I have got the number, date, and signature, in this book—it is an entry made by myself, "No.1184, October 8, 1834, signed G. Ray."
---- HALL Mr. White paid me a £10 note on the 22nd of November, 1834)—I paid that note, to the best of my knowledge, to Mr. Walsh, at the custom-house, on the 26th November.





WILLIAM LOCK
. I lived with Mr. Tullet from the 14th if February, 1834, to the 11th July, 1835—I knew the prisoner Sullivan for a short time while I lived at Tullet's—I changed a note for him between Easter and Whitsuntide, 1835—at my examination before the Magistrate, I stated that it was in July; but since I have seen the note, and thought it over, I found I was mistaken in the date—this £10 note (looking at it) is the one I changed—I know it by my writing on it, which is "Mrs. Jones, 10, North-street. William Lock."

Q. How came you to write "Mrs. Jones, 10, North-street." A. I considered he was a lodger—I asked him what name I should put on the note, and he desired me to put "Mrs. Jones, 10, North-street"—I considered he was a lodger in her house—I gave the note to Mrs. Tullet.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You have referred to a mistake you have discovered—you say, when you saw the note first. You thought you had received it in July? A. Yes; I said it was on the 5th of July—I looked at the note at the office, but since that I have persued the note; but I had no opportunity of observing it at the office—it was put into my hands—Mr. Clarkson asked me what 5-35 meant, and I said it meant 5th of July, 1835—but since that I have seen on the face of the note, written by Beasly, "Mr. Tullett, 15-5-35"—my own name is on the note—Mr. Clarkson showed me the note in my hand—I saw my own name on it at the office—I only saw the back of the note—I did not see the face of it—it was laid before me, and I perused the back of it, but not the face—Mr.

Hobler's clerk has since shown me the note to peruse the face—he bought I had made a mistake—I intimated to him that I thought I had made a mistake—the 5-35 is Beasley's handwriting—I mistook the date when I said it meant the 5th of July, 1835—I was under examination twenty minutes or a quarter of an hour—during that time I never discovered my mistake—I did not look at the face of the note, or I should have been better aware—I have not heard since, that Sullivan could account for every minute of the day on the 5th of July.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. When you came to the office to be examined, was the note shown to you before you got there, or was it only put into your hand by me at the office? A. I was put into my hand by you at the office—it was not shown to me before, not was my attention at all directed to it.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When did you inform Mr. Hobler's clerk you thought you had made a mistake? A. A short time after—it was before the prisoners' final examination.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Were you at the last examination? A. I was not.





FREDERICK BEASLEY
. I am a publican. I received this note from Mr. Tullet on the 15th of May, 1835—I have no memorandum on it, nothing more than there is here—I have written on it" 15-5-38, and my initials, "B. F." and "Mr. Tullet"—I always reverse my initials.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know Lock? A. By sight—I have spoken to him—I never shewed him this note—he has spoken to me about there being 5-35 on the note—he was speaking of it this morning—he has not spoken of it to me before—I never, before today, gave him any intimation what 5-35 meant.





JULIANA WORTHINGTON
. I was formerly a widow by the name of Donaldson. Seale's wife is my sister—in November, 1834, I was at his house—Leicester was my proper home at that time—I left his house some time in December, 1834, to go to Leicester—my sister gave me a parcel to take there, and gave me directions what to do with it—pursuing those directions, I took it to Leicester, and kept it until Huey called for it—I was acquainted with him before—it was in pursuance of my sister's directions that I kept it till he called—he took it away with him—I cannot tell whether he went off to London with it immediately—it was a paper parcel—I could not feel what was under the paper—I took no particular notice of it—I cannot tell whether it was sealed—I returned it to Huey as I received it.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS. Q. you were visiting at Seale's A. Yes—I cannot tell the day I received the parcel from my sister—Seal's house is not a large not—I took my meals and sat in the same room with them—I do not remember, at any time in the month of November, there being three or four men in the house with Seale—such a thing could not have happened without my knowledge.

Q. Can you be certain such a thing never happened on a morning in November? A. I am here on my oath—I must have known if three or four men had been in Seale's house with him on any morning in November—my attention was not called to the contents of the parcel—it was a long time in my possession—it got out of my hands by accident—I sent it by mistake in a box to my dress-maker's—it did not come back to me from her—Huey called for it in the man time, and I called for it to get it, and delivered it to him.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you call for it before or after Huey came to

you for it? A. I went him to the milliner's to get it—it was a short distance from my house—Huey had no other business with me, except to get the parcel—I was not always at home, when I was at my brother's house—I was out several days in November, and of course could not tell what happened while I was out.

COURT. Can you speak to the latter end of the month at all, whether you were out? A. I was in town—I cannot say whether I was at home every morning, for the last week or fortnight in November.

Jordan's Defence. I am perfectly innocent—it is a fabrication of Huey's from beginning to end.

Sullivan's Defence. I have very little to say—the evidence given at Lambeth-street against me was that on the 5th of July, I changed the note—I have been at a great expense in finding out where I was that day—since Mr. Hobler and his clerks have found that I had witnesses to prove where I was on the 5th of July, they have altered it, and have brought the men, to trace the time further back Mr. Clarkson knows that the witness swore that the 5-35 was July—I have been at a great expense finding out where I was that day, and twenty or forty witnesses to prove every minute on the 5th of July—it is my opinion, Lock was not serving in the bar on the 5th of July, and he has found it out—because I sent a letter by a friend of mine, to find out whether he was there on the 5th of July, and the letter has fallen into Mr. Hobler's hands—and that states, if he was serving there on the 5th of July, to find out what time it was—I sent two letters about it to my father's house—one letter has fallen into Mr. Hobler's hands—only one letter has my father received—all Huey has said is false, from the commencement to the end.

Mott's Defence. My Lord and Gentlemen, I hope and trust you will bear in your minds the evidence of Huey—as it regards myself every thing he has stated it false—I am innocent of the charge.

Seal's Defence. I have nothing to say—I leave it in your hands, and the gentlemen of the Jury—I can only say what Huey has stated is entirely false from beginning to end.





PETER M'PHERNON
. In September last I lived at No.146, Rateliff-highway, at Robinson's, an undertaker. I was at Barnet races that month—I think Tuesday was the last day of Barnet races—I do not know the day of the month—I was there the last day, and I saw the prisoners Jordan and Sullivan there—I have no recollection of seeing such a bill as this (looking at one)—I was in my own cart Jordan and Sullivan were both on horseback—when I left the races they rode upon the horseback alongside of my cart—I was in my cart, and one of them in each side—I stopped at a public-house at Holloway on my way home, and they both stopped with me—I do not know the sign—I recollect a person being there who stated that he could jump of his knees on to his feet, further than anybody else—I said he could not—they laid a wager for a glass of brandy and water, and I jumped against him and beat him—on that night the ostler said something to me insulting, but at the present moment I do not recollect the words, and I struck him in some part of the face, I do not exactly know where—and we were parted by these two persons riding their horses across us—my lad left the house with me, and those two persons on horseback—the same two persons who had rode up with me from Barnet—I know the angel at Islington—I have no recollection after leaving the house, which I consider was Young's, at Holloway—I conceive I was inebriated, and have no recollection of what passed.


MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What are you by trade or business? A. A cheesemonger—I do not keep a shop—I was not keeping one then—I have a very good connexion, whom I supply—I sarve them privately, and have done so for many years—I went to Barnet races for my own pleasure—I have known Sullivan three or four years, and the other not so long—it might be two years—I knew one by the name of Thomas Sullivan, and the other I always understood to be William Sullivan—I have known Jordan, it may be year, or perhaps two from this time—I should not like to swear I have known him more than a year—he was not introduced to me by the name of William Sullivan—I never had any introduction, more than seeing him go through Whitechapel—I never had any introduction to him, nor any direct method of speaking to him till the last Barnet races—which, I think, was about the middle of September last—it is the last Barnet races I am speaking of—a lad named William Bunney was in my cart with me—he is about fifteen or sixteen years old—I had some conversation with the two persons on the road, relative to buying my horse of me—Thomas Sullivan proposed to buy it—we might have had a great deal of conversation—I have no recollection whether my boy joined in the conversation—they both spoke to me about the horse, and about buying it—I rather think my boy went into the public-house with me at Holloway—I have no recollection of his going in, but I rather think he did—the horse and the cart was outside, and I don't think it was put up, but I cannot tell—the only recollection I have afterwards is, that I came out, and got into the cart, and went directly home, as straight as I possibly could—my home was in Cannon-street-road at that time—Gentlemen, I wish to make one observation, I have lived in Ratcliff-highway for ten years, but did not live there at that time on account of a slight difference between some persons, and I lived in Cannon-street-road about eight or nine weeks—I now live at No.146, Ratcliff-highway, at the undertaker's, where I lived before—I had a quarrel with him, and went to Cannon-street-road, and now have came back—my boy was only with me there two or three days.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long had you lived in Ratcliff-highway before you had the disagreement and went to cannon-street? A. Nearly ten years.





WILLIAM BUNNEY
. I was with M'Pherson at Barnet races, on a Tuesday in September last—I know the person of Sullivan and, I think, Jordan—I saw them at Barnet races—I went with M'Pherson in his cart—those two gentlemen were on house-back—when we left fair, they left with us—we stopped at the Mother Red Cap, at Holloway, kept by Young, on our way home, and Jordan and Sullivan also—while we were there, M'Pherson was jumping off his knees for brandy and water—the ostler said something to him, and he up with his first and struck him, and Jordan and Sullivan rode between them—when M'Pherson left the house, Jordan and Sullivan left also, on horse-back, and rode with us as far as the Angel, at Islington, and there separated—I cannot tell the day of the month on which this was.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Whose employ are you in now? A. Camber and Grave, in Philpot-lane—I had been about three months in M'Pherson's service, when I went to Barnet

races—I was with Mr. Bridgeman, a tallow-chandler, before that—M'Pherson is a cheesmonger—I went from Mr. Bridgeman to M'Pherson—he has no shop—he lives at No.146, Ratcliff Highway he lived at Mr. Drew's in Cannon-street-road about a week after I went into his service, and continued there till we went to Barnet races—that was nearly three months—I staid in his service about a month after I had been to Barnet races—he continued in Cannon-street-road during that month—I first saw Jordan and Sullivan on the race-course while we were going on, they camp up and spoke to my master about buying his horse—they appeared strangers to him—I went into the Red Cap and drank something the horse was put up—the blow was given to the ostler just as we were coming away.





GEORGE LYNN
. I am under-ostler to Joseph Young. The last day of Barnet races was on a Tuesday—I cannot exactly say the day of the month—John Carter is the head-ostler—I have no knowledge of M'Pherson—I was struck by a person.

Q. Look at the four men at the bar—did you see either of them at your master's on the 8th of September last? A. Not on the 8th; it was the last day of the races—there were two persons there, but I cannot swear to either of the prisoners—I have no knowledge of them—a person came to our house that night in a cart, with a boy, and two persons came up on buy horses—they were there at the time—the ostler was leading the horse about, and I was minding the cart—I should not know the man in the cart again—I had a quarrel with him—I asked him for something for the ostler, and he was going to hit me with the whip—I let go of the horse, picked up a stone, and threw at him, and he came up and hit me—the two gentlemen on horseback, whenever they were, rode up between us—one of them offered me some half-pence afterwards to get something to drink, and I would not have it who they were I do not know.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did the gentleman come back on foot to hit you, or how? A. On foot—he was sober enough to hit me if he had not been prevented—the boy laid still in the cart—there was not much company in the house—there were several persons there besides the two gentleman on horseback—I was not in the house—the horse and cart was not put up—it stood in the road.

JOSEPH YOUNG. I keep the Mother Red Cap at Holloway, and have done so for ten years. The last day of Barnet races last year was on Tuesday, the 5th of September—I gave this bill of the races to Mr. Humphreys, the attorney, for the prisoners—I was at home on the last day of Barnet races—Jordan and Sullivan were there that night—they called at my house on their way to the races—I had gone up to dress in the morning from ten to eleven o'clock, and they were taking refreshment in the kitchen when I cam down—I know Mr. Alpha and his wife—they came there in a one-horse chaise while Jordan and Sullivan were taking refreshment—many persons called on their way to the races—Jordan and Sullivan went away on horseback—I went to the races myself in a one-horse chaise—my brother James went with me—I saw both of the prisoners at the races, riding on horseback, and I saw them in the booths—I saw M'Pherson at the races—that was the first time I saw him—it was a very wet day indeed—I left directly the races were over, to be at home before the company—I got home, I should think, about seven o'clock—after I got home, both Jordan and Sullivan came about eight o'clock, on horseback—M'Pherson came in his cart, with a boy there was a wager of a glass of brandy and water, about jumping from his knees to his feet—M'Pherson won—I know White, of Kentish town, I believe he was there—Jordan and Sullivan left as near eleven o'clock as possible, as we were shutting up at the time—Carter, my principal, walked their horses about, the under ostler was minding the cart I was at the door when M'Pherson went away—I was not near

enough to see whether he paid the under-ostler; but I observed him hit him with the whip, and the under-ostler threw a stone at him—he then left the cart in the road with the boy, and returned and struck the lad on the nose I think, for he was bleeding, and the two gentlemen on horseback rode in between them, and parted them—I had seen Jordan and Sullivan perhaps once or twice before, but not to know them—I saw them once afterwards I think at Croydon fair.

Q. Are you perfectly sure, or do you entertain a doubt that these are the men? A. I have not the least doubt in the world of it—this is a bill of the races.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. How often have you seen them since the Barnet races? A. About three times, or hardly that—I don't know that I have ever seen hem since, but at Croydon fair, which was about the 3rd of October, I think, but I am not positive to the day, if I have, it is not more than once, to know them—I saw them yesterday in court, in the morning part, when Mr. Forrester gave me an order signed Mr. Sheriff Lainson—it was about eleven or twelve o'clock, I believe—I was here perhaps half an hour—I was in and out several times in the course of the day—I did not hear the evidence for the prosecution—the reason I left was because I could not get beyond the bar—I did not know the names of the persons when they were at my house—I am not the Richard Young who is the clerk of the course—the names of the two persons were mentioned at my house in the evening, but I think both went by the name of Sullivan—I understood them both to be called Mr. Sullivan—I was at Barnet races the year before—I did not see them there then—nor M'Pherson—I did not know him till that day—I have seen him once since, that was yesterday—he was not pointed out to me—at least I knew him the moment I saw him, from his conduct that night—I was in the room the principal part of the time the parties were there—I do not go to many races—sometimes to Epsom and Ascot, and generally to our own races—I go to very few fairs, I went to Croydon fair for pleasure—I was at Fairlop fair last year for pleasure, and it was for pleasure that I went to Ascot and Epsom—my family look after the business when I am away.

FREDERICK ALMER. My brother keeps the Coach and Horses, in St. John-street. I was at his house on the last day of Barnet races in September last—I saw the two farthest prisoners (Jordan and Sullivan) at my brother's that night, about half past eleven o'clock—from eleven o'clock to half-past—they took something—they were in company—they came on horse-back, and remained about two hours, and left on horse-back—I recollect that Jordan and his horse fell down together—I should day he had taken rather more than I should like to take myself generally—I helped him up again—I should think the horse had injured him—he complained of some part of his limbs being injured by the horse falling down on him—I went with them when they went away—I went on Jordan's horse—I rode in front of him—I think I had got on Jordan's horse before he fell off—the natural consequence of his coming down was my coming down too—I got up again and went to the Saloon in Piccadilly—Frederick Chandler is my brother's barman—I know Samuel Evans—he is called Dutch Sam, the pugilist—I believe he was at the Saloon that morning—we remained there till about six o'clock in the morning—Jordan and Sullivan remained there till I left—they then mounted their horses and left.





FREDERICK CHANDLER
. I was barman to Mr. Almer, who keeps the Coach and Horses, in St. John-street, in September last, I recollect Jordan and Sullivan coming there the last day of Barnet races—they went away

about half-past one or two o'clock—they had some brandly and water to drink—Frederick Almer was there at the time, and went away with them—went on horse-back—I am not in Almer's service now.





WILLIAM LOWDEN
. I am a watchmaker, and live in Great Surrey-street, Blackfriars-road. I have seen the further prisoner (Jordan)—I know this watch (looking at one)—I have had it through my hands to repair for the further prisoner—I do not know him by name—not by any name—the last time I had it I entered it in my book—the entry is my own—it is the maker's name—it came into my hands between the 8th and 14th of September—I should say about the 11th or 12th—I received it from the prisoner at the bar—the heading of the page of my book commences on the 8th of September, and the heading on the next, the 14th—it must have been done between the 8th and the 14th—this is the last item on the page—I have not taken down the number, but the maker's name—I was paid 2s. 6d. for what I did to it—I can tell the day it was returned: here is 1253 in the margin of the book, and on turning to that No. in another book, I find entered, "Friday, 18th of September" it was returned then, and 2s. 6d. paid; I know that from the corresponding number and 2s. 6d. being the same No. as is entered in the margin of the entry—the entry is my own writing—I know nothing of the man, except being employed by him—I have not seen him since, to my recollection—I have been a watchmaker and housekeeper above twenty years.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. I see this watch is entered in this book very low in the page, quite at the bottom? A. Yes, it is; the book does not denote the time I received the watch—this memorandum was made when it was repaired—it might be in my house three or four days before it was repaired—the entry does not indicate when it came in—I cannot say when it was brought to me—I do not know what was done to it; it was some trifling job, I believe—it is possible it might have been brought on the 14th and repaired the same day, but more likely a few days previous.





JOHN CARTER
. In September last I was head ostler in Mr. Young, who keeps the Mother Red Cap, at Holloway. I remember Tuesday, the last day of Barnet races, attending two gentleman who came on horse-back—they left to go to the races; and returned in the evening on the same two horses—I remember a man coming with a cart—George Lynn was the under ostler—he had the care of the cart—Lynn was struck by the whip., instead of being paid, by the man in the cart—he jumped out of the cart, and came to him and struck him on his head—the two gentleman with the saddle-horses interfered to separate them—I cannot tell who they were—I cannot announce whether the prisoner were either of the gentlemen on horse-back.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did the persons on horseback go away on their horses? A. Yes.





WILLIAM FAIRCLOTH
. I am a searcher of goods at the Custom-horse and docks, and a landing-waiter. When a man is employed as landing-waiter to a vessel, there is a regular paper called an appearance-paper, kept at the different stations, for cach man on duty to write his name, and the time at which he comes—it shows the time at which he leaves in the afternoon—the sheets are made up to consist of the six days of the week—they are certified by certain persons, as to the regularity of the papers at the close of the week—I know Seale, and know his handwriting.

Q. Look at the appearance-sheet, and tell me whether, on Friday, the

28th of November, you find he is entered as coming there, and at what time? A. I have it—from the sheet I should say he was there at nine o'clock, and left at four—the sheet is certified by the persons whose duty it is to certify the truth of it—Leach and Findley are the officers who certify—the person who is stated to be there at nine o'clock, must have been there punctually at that time, or before.

MR. BODKIN. Q. The paper shows he signed his name at nine o'clock and at four—you cannot gather from that, that he was there the whole of that time? A. Certainly not—I know that a person named Cater. a landing-waiter, did his duty for him that day—I have no knowledge of Seale's leaving after he signed the paper—I did not see him.

COURT. Q. All you know is, he has signed his name there? A. Yes. MR. BODKIN. Q. When Seale was there, would his duty bring him to the place where you were employed? A. I did not see him that day—if he was on duty that day, he would have to perform his duty where I was—he was not at the ship that he was appointed to that day, which was the Two Brothers—I superintended that day, and he was not there—Cater was.

MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS. Q. What time did you go to the Two Brothers? A. I imagine about eleven or twelve o'clock—I cannot be certain of the time, but I should say in the forenoon—I did not remain there till four o'clock I have the jurisdiction of the whole dock—I was not in the Two Brothers at all, not on board—Seal's business would not be in the ship, but on the quay, in a box—I was superintending all the ships in the dock that day, going round the dock—I left my duty at four o'clock—Cater is here—I cannot tell whether it was before or after twelve that I went.





JOHN CATER

examined by
MR. BODKIN. I am in the employment of the Custom-house. I remember the morning the robbery was discovered, the 28th of November—I know Seale—he was at the Custom-house at nine o'clock that morning—I did not see him again till two o'clock in the afternoon—I did his duty for him that day.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you mean to say you were appointed to do Seale's duty that day? A. I did it—he did no duty at the Two Brothers that day—I have always said so—I have never given a different account of the transaction—I never said that I did no part of the duty that was to be done by Seale—I did not see him at my station till two o'clock in the afternoon, or between one and two—there were two parts of business done that day, the examination of toys, and the landing of calf-skins—the toys would be examined in front of the box where the calf-skins were weighed on the quay—I will swear Seale did not examine toys that day—he came back to the station at two o'clock, but did nothing that day that, I swear.

Q. Have you never said you could not swear Seale was not there up to twelve o'clock in the forenoon of that day? A. No, I am speaking of my station that I was doing duty at—the Two Brothers—I said he was not there till past twelve o'clock—I think I said after one o'clock—I never said that I could not swear Seale was not there till twelve o'clock—I say he was not there.
(The witness's deposition being read agreed with his evidence.)
Thomas Hodges—John Emmett, market-gardener, Old Kent-road; Henry Butcher, Clarence-row, Camberwell; Joseph Thomas Wilthow, publican, Addington-square; John Marks, tailor, Old Kent-road; Bryan Lenton, Southampton-street,; Thomas Titcomb, Packham,; John Freeman, Albany-road, Camberwell; Matthias Butler, Kent-road; Hugh Eastman, ship-broker, Kalsall-place, Kent-road; and

Thomas Jacks, innkeeper, Kent-road, deposed to the prisoner Seale's good character.
George Seal, farmer, Limswell Surrey, the withess, Mr. Billing; Benjamin Capper; John Fairfax Chinnery; John Gouldham, clerk in the Custom-house; Thomas Clay, merchant, Doughty-street; John Colson, clerk in the Custom-house; Charles Wilkinson, agent, Clapham; Thomas Agar, Perkin's-buildings, Lambeth; James Cook, surgeon, York-road, Lambeth; Thomas Tanner, of the Custom-house; Robert Foster, Custom-house agent; George Bunney, clerk in the Custom-house; Hutchinson Brown, of the Custom-house; Thomas Salter; John Tillotson; John Poole; and Benjamin Dudfield, Custom-house agent, deposed to the prisoner Mott's good character.

JORDAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.

SULLIVAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.

MOTT—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.

SEALE—


GUILTY
. Aged 38.

Recommended to mercy on account of their previous good character.






Transported for Life.

Fourth July, before Mr. Recorder.
