



1361. 




CHARLES GRAY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of April, 7 sacks, value 5s., the goods of 




James Clark and another.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution. JAMES CLARK. I have a granary, at Lee's wharf, in Upper Ground-street. I have a partner—on the 23rd of April the prisoner came to our granary, and ordered 3-qrs. of oats, a sack of beans, a saok of split beans, and a quarter of bran, to be sent to his stable in Hatfield-street—he gave me to understand he had but one saddle-horse there, as he did not like to put his horse to a livery-stable—that his bailiff was coming from his estate at St. Albans, where he came from, once a week, to bring new milk and cream to his town house—I told him it was not our custom to leave sacks with any corn we sent out—he said they should he shot at the place and the sacks returned, and he might send the money back by the man, if not, he would send it in the morning—I gave a delivery ticket for the corn, and sent it by Corderoy, which the prisoner signed and returned—I have never been paid for my corn, nor seen the prisoner since, till I found him at the office, surrrounded by fifty or sixty creditors.

Prisoner. Q. How often have I bought corn of you before? A. Only once—you did not pay me for two quantities of corn—you paid one bill—you never told me you should pay for one quantity under the other, or that you wanted to borrow the sacks for a few days, as you had not a place to about the corn in.





FRANCIS CORDEROY
. I am carter to Mr. Clark and his partner. I went with the corn, beans and bran to Hatfield-street, and saw the prisoner there—I asked him if he would let me have the sacks—he said I might shoot two and take them back, and leave seven, and he would send them back next morning by one of his men—I had had directions at the wharf about the sacks before I went there—I tole the prisoner I was not to leave them—he said I must, and he would return the seven next morning—I was induced, in consequence of that, to leave them—they did not came next morning, and I went after them, but found the stable shut up—I inquired for the prisoner, but could find him no where—nobody could give me any account of him, till I found him at Mary-le-bone office on other charges.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not once before have corn, and you leave the sacks? A. I was never at your place before in my life.





JOHN DEDMAN
. I am a police-inspector. I saw the prisoner after he was apprehended—he said he never had stable in Hatfield-street in his life—I found the delivery ticket for the corn among his papers.





FRANCIS CORDEROY

re-examined. This is the paper the prisoner signed when I left the sacks.

Prisoner's Defence. I borrowed the stables in Hatfield-street of a man who kept two cab horses there—I bought the things of the prosecutor—I had previously paid him two accounts, and on both occasions the sacks were left to oblige me—I had no corn bin at the time—I was

then living in Duke-street, Stamford-street, with Mr. Jennings, and had two horses standing there—one was any own, and the other I had to tell for a person—I expected to have some more-horses, instead of which the man absconded with his cab and horses, and left me in the stable—in consequence of which I gave the sacks and oats into the care of a man named Stone, who stands in Farringdon-street, and who keeps a cab, and is related to Mr. Benson—I desired him to take the sacks back again to Mr. Clark's—till I found this prosecution against me, I saw not in the least aware but the sacks were returned—I hope and trust you will feel I should not endeavour to embezzle property to the amount of 5s. as to the corn, my intention was to pay for it, but, unfortunately, ever since I have become a bankrupt, all my property came into the hands of creditors, which has reallzed above 10s. in the pound—I know this is a vindictions prosecution against me, from a circumstance I am not at liberty to state to you—Clark and Co. might have proved their debt under the estate then is well known I took of Lord Radnor—I never represented I had an estate at St. Alban's—Benson refuses to come here, and I have no mean of subpcening him.




GUILTY
. Aged 52.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Second Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
