



2631. 




CATHERINE JONES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of September, 1 neck-chain, value 20s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; the goods of 



James Hutton: and 1 spoon, value 14s.; and 1 petticoat, value 3s.; the goods of 



Mary Marsh, her mistress.






ELIZABETH BARTON MARSH
. I live with my mother, Mary Marsh, in Park-street, Grosvenor-square—the prisoner was my mother's cook for little better than a fortnight. On the 11th of September, in consequence of missing a silver spoon, after the prisoner had retired to bed, I desired Cosgrove to go and speak to her about it—she came down and gave me in formation—I desired her to go up again and bring me the prisoner's pocket—she did so, and I found in it a spoon and six duplicates—I gave the prisoner in charge next day.





MARY ANN COSGROVE
. I am servant to Mrs. Marsh—the prisoner

was cook. My mistress missed a silver spoon—she told me to go up to ask the prisoner if she had seen it—she said she had not—I told my mistress, and she told me to go and get her pocket, which I did, and, in it was the spoon and six duplicates—this spoon is my mistress's—the prisoner had been in bed about ten minutes.





ALFRED HARRISON
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce this chain which Mined was by the prisoner.





WILLIAM BRYAN
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a flannel petticoat pawned by the prisoner, and a handkerchief, which I did not take in.





JOHN SMITH
. (police-constable C 177.) I have the spoon and the pocket and the duplicates—one of them is of this handkerchief.





ELIZABETH BARTON MARSH
. This petticoat and spoon are my mother's—this handkerchief and neck-chain belong to a Mr. James Hutton, who is visiting at our house—it is marked "J. H."—the neck-chain is his—I have been him wear it.

Prisoner. Q. Have you any mark on the petticoat? A. Yes, a private mark.

Prisoner's Defence. Both the handkerchief and petticoat are mine—I was in the habit of having plate in my care for daily use—it was my duty at night to put it into the plate-basket—I put the spoon into my pocket, my hands being full, to take up stairs—I went to bed and thought no more of it till I was awoke some hours after and the spoon inquired for—I did not understand then exactly, and did not give them a direct answer—they took six duplicates out of my pocket, all of which are my own.




GUILTY
 Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
