








OLD COURT. Thursday, January 2, 1834.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Alderson.
183. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ALLUM
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PRESTON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SLOUGH
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Howard
                        



                     
                  , on the 8th of December

, at St. Marylebone, and stealing therein 2 watches, value 1l. 10s.; 1 ring, value 5s.; 1 gold pin, value 3s.; 2 thimbles, value 2s.; 4 decanter-stands, value, 10s.; 3 castor-tops, value 2s.; 2 pair of gold drops, value 1l.; 1 gown, value 12s.; 1 petticoat, value 6s.; 1 shawl, value 12s.; 2 tablecloths, value 6s.; and 6 napkins, value 12s.; his property
            ; and 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     JONES
                  , alias 
                     
MARY ANN PRESTON





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen as aforesaid
            , against the Statute.
To which indictment the said 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  ALLUM
               






               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 18 - 


               Transported for Life
            .


                  FRANCES 
                  MARY HOWARD
               



            . I am the wife of Samuel Howard, and live at No. 10, Dorset-mews, West, Baker-street



. On Sunday, the 8th of December, I had occasion to leave my house about half-past five o'clock in the afternoon - I left nobody in the house - I left it all safe - the place where we live are rooms over a coach-house, and there is an internal communication between the coach-house and our rooms - I locked the room-doors - the coach-house door was fastened only by a bar inside, and the other door by a padlock outside - it was fastened when I went away - I returned at half-past nine o'clock in the evening, and found the door open - the stable door was open which I had gone out at and locked - the staple of the lock had been forced. I went up stairs, and missed a metal gilt watch, four plated decanter-stands, a ring, and two thimbles; a gold pin, two pepper-castor tops, two pair of gold ear-rings, a silk gown, a silk petticoat, a silk shawl, and a silk handkerchief - I then missed another metal gilt watch, two table-cloths, six damask napkins, the top of a small smelling-bottle, and I think I missed 3s. 7d., and there was a pair of plated snuffers - the things in the house appeared a good deal disturbed - I imagine the robbery was done by more than one person, from what I heard - I saw the prints of nailed shoes on one chair - it was only the shoes of one person - I don't know any of the prisoners now at the bar; I know Allum - he had lived in our service nearly four months- I received information from a person who is not here.
WILLIAM HORSFORD. I am a policeman. I went to search the house of Thomas Preston on Tuesday night, the 10th of December, at 34, Little North-street, Lisson-grove- the prisoner Jones lives there with him - I knew he lived there before; I went between seven and eight o'clock in the evening; Preston was not at home, Jones was at home; she was in the back parlour - I asked her where Tom was - she made no reply; I said, "Where is Preston?" - she madeno reply - I asked her again; and she said, "I don't know what you mean" - I said, "I am come to search your place"- I searched, and between the bed and sacking I found twenty-seven skeleton keys - I also found a plated decanter-stand concealed between the bed and sacking - the landlord said to Jones, "I thought you were very poor, and you have silver in the room" - she said, "It is only plated" - I searched further, and found a gold ring in a card box, and a silver thimble also - there was a small file in it which is used to file keys; also, two packs of cards, and under the cards were three cards of "Mrs. Stopford Jones" - In a cupboard I found a chisel, and over the fire-place I found two pictures, which are not part of this charge - I found nothing on her person - I said she must go to the station-house - she began crying, and said she had not brought the things there - I then fetched a constable to take her to the station-house - I found fourteen duplicates at Preston's house - I went with Fursey to the Hercules public-house, Devonshire-street, Lisson-grove, and there found the prisoners Preston and Slough, sitting in company in the room - I took Preston, and the constable took Slough - I searched Preston, and found on him the duplicate of a handkerchief pawned at Trail's.
THOMAS FURSEY. I apprehended Slough - I found 4s. in silver on him, 2 1/2d. in copper, a silver thimble, the tops of two pepper castors, and a smaller top of something.
DAVID TRAIL. I am a pawnbroker - this duplicate was given at my shop to the prisoner Preston, who pawned a handkerchief for 1s. 3d. on the 10th of December, about 1 o'clock in the afternoon - I am quite sure he is the man.
ANN HOWARD re-examined. I know these tops found on Slough - they are part of the property I lost on the Sunday evening - the handkerchief produced by the pawnbroker is ours - I have had it a long time - my name is not on it - I generally mark my handkerchiefs - I can't say whether this was marked when I lost it, but I can swear to it by its general appearance; the decanter stand is ours - I have had it about three years - I have had the handkerchief about two years - this silver thimble is mine - it is bent - I know it by a mark which is on it - I am sure of it - it is part of the property lost; the gold ring is mine - I have had it some time - it is set with stones - we lost two packs of cards - these are like mine, but I can't swear to them; I lost two silver thimbles - the one found in the card-box I know by a crack, and can swear to it; this watch was found at Trail's, and is one which I lost.
DAVID TRAIL. The watch was pledged by a female on the 9th of December - it was not by Jones - I gave her a duplicate - she gave the name of Mary preston - It is not among the fourteen duplicates produced.
Preston's Defence. My Lord; I saw Allum once before; I saw him on the Saturday as the robbery was done on the Sunday; that was the first time I saw him, and how I came to see him was, he was with Slough; we had a pot of beer together, and Allum was inquiring if either of us had an old pair of shoes to lend him - I said I had an old pair - he said he wanted to pawn his, for they were full of nails, and he had somewhere to go; I lent him a pair, and he went and pawned his nailed shoes for 3s.; he came back - we had two or three pots of beer, and I did not see him again till the Wednesday as I was taken into custody on the Tuesday night; on Sunday evening I was at Mr. Porter's - about half-past nine o'clock Allum came in and spoke to Slough and me; he said he had been up to where I lived, and left a bundle there, and he should fetch it on Monday morning; he did not say what it was, and I saw him give Slough something, I don't know what - we had a pot of beer together - I never saw him afterwards till I saw him at Marylebone office; when I went home Jones told me a young man had been there and asked for Slough, and left a bundle, but I never looked at it till Monday morning when he was to come for it; I looked at it then, and there was the false keys in a handkerchief, and decanter stand, a thimble and ring; they were in the decanter stand; I went out immediately down to the Hercules, where I thought perhaps he might come; and I went for him to take the things away - I had no idea they were stolen - I could not find him - I went everywhere to find him, but could not, and on the Tuesday I put the keys under the bed in the decanter stand, and put the ring and thimble in a box - as to the handkerchief, I was in want of the price of a pint of beer, and about half-past four o'clock on Tuesday I pawned it for 15d. and I had 1s. 4d. taken from me when I was apprehended.
Slough's Defence. On Sunday evening Allum came to the Hercules - we had a pot of beer or two together - he gave me two tops of a pepper box and a thimble, and said if I would sell them he would pay me 5s., which he owed me, and I kept them in my pocket.
Jones's Defence. Between eight and nine o'clock on Sunday evening, Allum knocked at my door, and asked if Slough was there - I told him no - he said, "Do you know where I shall find him?" - I said "No, I dare say you will find him at the Hercules, for Thomas is gone there;" he said, "Let me leave this bundle," I took it of him - he said,"I will come for it to-morrow morning, and if Thomas comes home, tell him I left it" - I never saw Allum in my life before.
Nicholas Woodford, 48, Paddington-street; William Farmer, and Richard Cooper gave the prisoner Slough a good character.
WILLIAM HORSFORD re-examined - Dorset-mews is in the parish of St. Marylebone.
PRESTON. Aged 23. 

               GUILTY
            .
SLOUGH. Aged 18. 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for Life
            .
JONES. Aged 20. 


               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Jones recommended to mercy, believing him to have acted under the influence of others. There was another indictment against Allum and Preston.
