



2215. 




SAMUEL SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of October, 1 purse, value 1d.; 1 half-sovereign, 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence; the goods and monies of 



Henry Pearton, from his person.






HENRY PEARTON
. I am a labourer, living at Hayes. On the night of the 11th of October I went to Uxbridge-fair—I had half a sovereign in gold in my purse, two shillings, and one sixpence in my pocket—I went to the Bell yard—I was in liquor, but not to say drunk—I did not see Smith that I know of, there were so many there—I lost my purse and money—this is the purse.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What state was the purse? A. Tied in a knot in the middle and two rings, to keep the money in it—the knot would not hinder the money from coming out if the rings were moved—I danced a little—is was not in a booth, but a house.





WILLIAM HENRY DOWDEN
. I am a labourer. I was there, and saw the prosecutor and Smith there—I saw his hand in Pearton's breeches pocket—I went out of doors, and told Michael Pole—I did not like to mention it in the house, as there were so many persons there—I thoughts I might catch it.

Cross-examined. Q. What were you doing? A. Having a pint of beer—there might be about twenty people there—I was sober—I had had only two pints of beer—there were three between me and Smith when I saw him put his hand into the pocket—the prosecutor was standing up—one sat on each side, and another stood up before him and pushed him down.





JOHN BIRCH
. I am a constable of Uxbridge. I took the prisoner, and found on him a shilling, two sixpences, and some halfpence—I saw him give his hand a jerk—I did not see what went from it—I saw him draw something out, but I could not see what it was—another picked up this purse and gave it to me.


Cross-examined. Q. Which hand was it? A. His left.





WILLIAM SAVORY
. I saw the prisoner with his left hand throw something away—I picked it up—it was the purse—I was about a yard from him.

Cross-examined. Q. How many persons were about? A. A good many all around him, but none close to him—there was nobody between me and him—I swear 1 saw him throw the purse away.

MR. PAYNE
called






JOHN MURRAY
. I am son of the High Constable of Uxbridge. I was it this house. I laid hold of the prisoner's left hand—I did not keep hold of it the whole time—I kept it till the purse was picked up—he might have thrown the purse down and I not see it.

Prisoner. The purse was picked up before me, and they say I threw it behind me.





WILLIAM SAVORY
. He threw it behind him, and round on the other side of him.




GUILTY
. * Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
