






1339. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHNSON
               





             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of April

, 1 Bible, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Stenson
               



            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HENRY PARKER
               



            . I live at my father-in-law's shop, in Princes-street, Soho



; he is a bookseller
. On Wednesday evening the 18th of April, a person came in very like the prisoner, in a blue cloak, like the one here produced; he asked for a Tasso, or some such book which he had seen at our house - I told him we had no such book; I had observed a Bible on the counter that day - he said he would call again the next morning; I saw the Bible which had been on our counter at Mr. Barron's on the Tuesday following - this is it; it has our mark on it; I had not sold it - it is worth 15s.
Prisoner. This witness said at the office that he did not recognize me in the slightest degree; he was urged by the Police-officer to say that I was the man, and that I was well known - and then he said I was something like the thief. Witness. I said I did not recollect your face exactly; I had not seen the cloak produced before I saw you - I said before I recollected, that it was on Wednesday or Thursday, but I afterwards recollected it was Wednesday, two days before Good Friday. I did not say it was a wet evening, and that the prisoner was muffled up in a cloak; I said he had a cloak on - it was between eight and nine o'clock, as near as I can recollect; it was dark; the shop was not very well lighted; you was not there many minutes; there was no other person present - I missed the Bible in about half an hour - I do not recollect selling you a book about a fortnight before; I cannot recollect your face now, but your voice is similar - the Bible has a mark in it, but some dirt has been rubbed over it.
JAMES BARRON. I live in Drury-lane, and keep a general sale shop. On Wednesday evening, the 18th of April, the prisoner came in; he had a blue cloth coat and spectacles on; he was very smartly dressed, and his cloak enveloped him completely; the prisoner is the man, I recollect his person perfectly well - he came about ten minutes or a quarter-past nine o'clock; he said, "Is this a pawnbroker's?" I said "No, it is not;" he said, "I have a book I want to raise some money on," and he asked if I would buy it; I said I did not care; he showed me this Bible, said it was valuable, and had the Apocrypha - he wanted 10s. on it - I gave him 8s. for it, and I said if he wanted it again he should have it; he pressed very much upon me to keep it for him; I put it in the window the next day - I particularly noticed his voice, he has rather a foreign accent and I recognized him by that; Mr. Parker came and asked for the book, and knew it by the mark; the prisoner came again on the Tuesday evening following, with a brush; I had received information to detain him; I made sure he was the man, and I called my wife to be sure that he was the person - she said Yes; I have not the slightest doubt by his voice and appearance that he is the man - this is the Bible; it had a private mark in it, which had been rubbed when I had it from the prisoner; I think my shop is three-quarters of a mile from the prosecutor's.


                  THOMAS 
                  WRAY
               



             (Police-constable F 31). I was called into Mr. Barron's shop, to take the prisoner; he had a blue coat and silver spectacles; he had a crape hat-band on, but he took it off in the station-house, while I went for Miss Roberts.
Prisoner. When you returned you said I had taken off the crape, which I had rolled up, that it might resume a smooth shape - I did it from no sinister motive.


                  THOMAS 
                  HENRY PARKER
               



            . I have not the slightestdoubt that this book is ours - we had exactly such a one; I did not observe whether the prisoner had spectacles on, he had a black hat.
Prisoner. During the whole of the evening I was in the company of a young gentleman whose mother is present, but I am told he is not at present to be found; I returned to my apartments at ten o'clock, and left them at four o'clock, I was never from the society nor from the arm of that person; in the deposition Barron distincly swore the Bible was sold to him on the Thursday, and it would have been impossible for me to have known whether it was a valuable one, and whether it had the Apocrypha or not in it, if I had it so short a time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.
1340. WILLIAM JOHNSON was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April

, 1 hat-brush, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Roberts
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BARRON
               



            . The prisoner came to my house on the 24th of April with this brush - he was dressed in black and had a blue cloak on his arm, and his spectacles as before - I looked at him, as I had received information but half an hour before - I said to him,
"You sold me a book?" he said, "I did;" I said, "I have had information, and I must detain you;" he said, "For God's sake, don't do that, I shall be ruined;" I said, "I must do my duty;" I sent my servant for an officer, but Wray was going by, and he took him - I looked at the brush, but did not particularly observe it.
ELIZABETH ROBERTS. I live with my father, 
               
                  William 
                  Roberts
               



             - he lives in St. Martin's-court



, and is a brush-maker
. On the 24th of April a man came into our shop, and asked to look at a clothes-brush; I took out the drawer- he said he wanted one with a handle; I turned, and got one out of the window - he said the hairs were not long enough; I said we had no longer, and he went out - we had several brushes on a tray in the shop; I did not miss one, but I have seen the one produced - it has my father's name on it, and had been in our shop; it is worth 3s. - I had not sold such a brush on the 24th of April - the person had a cloak on his arm, a stick in his hand, and a crape hat-band - I did not observe his face or his voice; it was between six and seven o'clock in the evening.
THOMAS WRAY. I am the officer. I took the prisoner about nine o'clock in Mr. Barron's shop - I took the brush from his hand at the station; he had this cloak and this stick - I do not know whether he had any spectacles on, as I did not like to take hold of him - I thought he was certainly a nobleman; he then had whiskers, and his hair was all about his forehead, but he was shaved his whiskers off.
Prisoner. I have a witness that I bought that brush in the beginning of Passion-week, in St. Martin's-court - I believe it was of Miss Roberts herself, though it was only the affair of a moment.
ELIZABETH HASLET. I live in White Lion-street, Pentonville - the prisoner lodged with me. I know he had a brush of this kind - he showed it to me, and said he gave 2s. 9d. for it; he lived with me five or six weeks - I cannot say when I first saw the brush, nor when I last saw it- it was a small hat-brush.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
