



2278. 




ANN FRANCES BENNETT
 was indicted

 for that she, on the 
22nd of September, feloniously and maliciously, by fraud and force, did take away a certain female child, of the age of 4 months, named 



Catherine Gilson, with intent to deprive 



William Gilson and 



Mary Ann, his wife, the parents of the said child, of the possession of the said child.—2nd COUNT, Stating her intent to be to steal 1 shift, value 1s.; 2 petticoats, value 1s. 6d.; 1 frock, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of shoes, value 1s.; 1 cap, value 1s. 6d.; and 1 bonnet, value 2s.; the goods of William Gilson, upon and about the person of the said child.







MARY ANN GILSON
. I am the wife of William Gilson. I have a little child, four months old, named Catherine—I sent my eldest daughter out of doors with her on the 22nd of September—she returned about five o'clock that evening, and the baby was gone—I lost her for thirteen days—she was brought to a public-house, in Westminster, by Mrs. Twining—she had caught a violent cold during the time—she had a petticoat, and shirt, and bonnet on when she went out, and a pair of shoes, a flannel petticoat, and white petticoat—when I found her she was dirty, her haircut in front, and she was very ill—at first sight I did not know her, she was so disfigured.





EMILY GILSON
. I know what will become of me if I do not tell the truth. I went out with my little sister on that Friday, to walk up and down with her—the prisoner came up—I am sure she is the woman—I had seen her before—she said she was going to buy two rings, and she wanted her sister to come with her to go and buy two rings; and there was an Irish woman—she spoke to her, and she told her her sister could not come then—she said she must go and buy them herself, and then she went to some shop in Bow-street—(I met her in Princes-street, Drury-lane)—she said she was going to buy two rings—she went into the first shop in Bow-street—there was not any there, and then she went to another shop, and there was not any; there was a lot of dolls in the corner—she asked me if I should like one of them—I said, Yes," she had a sixpence in her hand, and said, "Will you go and buy one?"—I said, "No"—she put the sixpence into my hands, and pushed me in, and took the baby out of my arms—I went in—I was not in a minute, and when I came out she was gone—I did not know which way to go—she told me to get change first, and then ask for the doll—she asked how old the baby was—I did not afterwards pick her out of a lot of women—she was in Scotland-yard then—I knew her again—she had the same dress on—I am sure she is the woman.

Prisoner, I never saw her till I was at Bow-street. Witness. I am sure she is the woman that had the child—she had freckles in her face, and she has got them now, and she had got her cloak on, the same cloak as I had seen her in sometimes before.





CHARLES WINKS
. I was in Russell-street, at the corner of Bow-street, on the 22nd—I saw Emily Gibson walking with an infant in her arms, and the prisoner—I am sure she is the person—I saw the girl go to the toy-shop, and the prisoner took the child out of her arms—I am sure she is the woman.





CHARLES BELL
. On Friday, the 22nd, I was in Drury-lane—I saw the little girl crying, and several persons round her—she said some woman had taken a baby, and had gone toward Russell-street—I made the best of my way, and when I got throw trough Russell-court I saw a woman coming with a child, Which I believe was the prisoner—the child had got a pink frock on, and a very dark brown silk bonnet—this is the dress the child had on.





ANN STEVENS
. I live at Black Horse-yard, Westminster. I know the Prisoner—she formerly lodged at No 15, Lewisham-street—on Friday, the 22nd September, I saw her bring in a child, dressed in a bed-gown and

a new cap, no shoes, a flannel petticoat, and no top petticoat—she told me she brought the child from her aunt's, and she wished me to suckle and keep it at nights, and she would keep it in the day, as she had no milk of her own, and could not suckle it, and said she had lain in in St. Margaret's workhouse—I knew that she came in late one night and went out, and I did not sec her again for nine or ten days—the then said she had been confined about a month, and then she took the child to her aunt's, as she said, and then she brought the child to me, and I had it till the Wednesday fortnight after, and then the mother had it—Lucy Twining used to come and take the child for me, and she took it out that day, and did not return till she brought a policeman.





LUCY TWINING
. I have known the prisoner for six or eight months, and have been in the habit of taking out the child for Ann Stevens for a few days—Mrs. Stevens came and told me the woman that brought the child had got into trouble for sitting on the step of a door, and asked me if I would go to take her some tea. but I did not—I had talked to the prisoner about the child—she said she was in the family way, and asked me to assist her in making some linen, and afterwards she called the child hers—she had not been living with any one that I know of.

Prisoner, You came into my place on the night I was taken, and told me to put on my old gown—I went out and waited for a female, the policeman asked me what I wanted, and then he took me—I never told her any thing about the child. Witness. Yes, she did—my husband bed what words she said.





HENRY TWINING
. I am the husband of Lucy Twining. The prisoner said this was her baby—I know that there was one young man that she was intimate with, who she said was the father, and when she brought the child, she said it was ten weeks old—I said, "It must be more."





CHARLES OTWAY
 (police-sergeant A 7.) I went to a room where I understood the prisoner lodged, at No. 15, Lewisham-street—I found in a cupboard, behind some saucepans, this frock and petticoat, and this gown, which the little girl says the prisoner had on when she took the child—the next morning, on further search, I found the little shirt—I asked the prisoner whether this was her gown—she said, "Yes"—I asked the prisoner if she had been the mother of a child, and she said, "No"—made inquiry at the workhouse, and she had not been there.

Prisoner's Defence. Stevens put these things into my room—they are not mine—I never took the child.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
