





271. 
               
                  
                     MARTHA 
                     GALWAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of December
, 1 watch, value 24s., and 2 seals, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Medell
                        




                     
                  . from his person
            .
THOMAS MEDELL. I live in Crescent-place, Hackney-road, and am a carpenter
. On Sunday night, the 5th of December, I went with my sister to John-place, Finsbury-market


 - she had not the key, and went to the prisoner, who lives next door, to try if her key would open it, but it would not - the door was at last burst open; the prisoner then asked me to make her an acknowledgment for the loan of her key, though it proved unsuccessful; I went into her house, and threw down a shilling - another woman was for a quartern of gin; the prisoner then proposed to me to stop all night, which I agreed to do; I went to bed, having put my clothes on a white table under the window - I had given her some money; and I left some money and a watch and seals in my pockets - I had looked at the watch at night, and replaced it into the fob of my trousers - about five o'clock in the morning I heard a noise of a person trying to get in at the street door; the prisoner got up, threw up the window, and saw a man; she said she would let him in she then went down as she was, with the exception of putting on a gown, and let him in; while she was gone I looked at my trousers, and the watch was gone - the prisoner remained down stairs about two hours; the man then went away, and she came up stairs; there are but two rooms in the house - I asked her about the watch when she came up; she said she knew nothing about it, and showed me her room. but there was nothing there -I went out about eight o'clock, and got the Policeman, who took her, but the watch has not been found; it was a metal watch, worth about 25s., and two gold seals worth 5s.; I was a little the worse for liquor, but I can undertake to say that I looked at my watch and put it into my fob safe, and I could tell exactly the time.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw a watch - I asked him for money in the morning, and he would not give me any - he said he had lost a watch; he brought a Policeman, who searched the house - I heard the knock at the door, and came down in my night-gown; the Policeman came before I was dressed, and I was taken to the station - We had been to Mr. Alabaster's public-house, and he would make me drink something.


                  THOMAS 
                  MEDELL
               



            . I certainly had a watch, and pulled it out at her house.
Prisoner. Q. What did you say? A. I did not make any observation - I was sober; it was with a great deal of persuasion I was induced to stop there.


                  THOMAS 
                  DRAPER
               



            . The prosecutor lodged with me -I saw him with a watch, on the 5th of December, about half-past nine o'clock, when he left to go with his sister; I was at Worship-street, and heard the prisoner say to somebody under the gateway, that she had had the watch, and he might do what he pleased.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see the prosecutor go with me to the public-house? A. No, I went to your house, and you denied his being there - you opened the back door, and said I might search the house if I liked; he was quite capable of taking care of himself.


                  JOHN 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . I am a Police-officer, I took the prisoner on the charge of stealing the watch - she denied having seen it; I searched but found nothing.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
