





1464. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GROVES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of May
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watch-key, value 3d., and 1 seal, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           David Ellis 
                           Carter
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .
DAVID ELLIS CARTER. I am coachman
 to Lord Templemore, in Portman-square


. On the 25th of May I invited a friend, named Briton, to dinner - he brought the prisoner with him, as a friend of his; I had seen him once or twice before with Briton - we all dined together at the stable, where I am on board wages; I had a watch hanging up in my window - it was safe at twenty-five minutes after two o'clock; the prisoner looked at it, and observed it was that time - I went out at half-past, and the prisoner and Briton went down with me; I did not miss the watch till the evening - I suspected the prisoner, and spoke to the officer; we went to where the prisoner lived, and the watch was found in a box, which the prisoner produced the key of; he was in bed at the time.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



             (Police-constable D 13). I went with the prosecutor to the prisoner's, who said he wanted to speak to the prosecutor; I said we could not compound felony - I took him to the station; he gave me the key of the box, and I found the watch in it.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I am an officer. I have a certificate(which I got from Mr. Clark's office) of the conviction of the prisoner on the 20th of October last, in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Garnham
               



             - he was sentenced to six months in the House of Correction; I took the prisoner, and know he is the man.
Prisoner's Defence. I was invited to the prosecutor's, and while my friend was preparing for dinner, I assistedthe prosecutor in the stable - I told a young man there, named Laye, how I was situated, and that I must pawn my coat the next day - I said it went against me, as I never pawned any thing in my life; he said "I have a watch, and money is of more service to me - if you will pawn it, and let me have half the money and the duplicate, and redeem it as soon as you can;" we then went up to dinner; when we came down he went and got the watch; he then asked me to go with him for the evening, but I went home first, and put the watch into the box, intending to make use of it the next day - in the morning the prosecutor accused me of stealing the watch; I denied all knowledge of it, as I deny it now.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAYE
               



            . I assisted in getting the horses ready, but I did not give the prisoner the watch.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
