




715. 




CHARLES MARTIN
 and 




HENRY WEBB
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
18th of January, at 
St. Giles-in-the-Fields, I cash-box, value 2s.; G sovereigns, 7 half-sovereigns, 16 half-crowns; 60 shillings; 36 sixpences, and 6 fourpences; the goods and monies of 



Sarah Coombs, the mistress of the said 



Charles Martin, in her dwelling-house.






SARAH COOMB
. I am a widow, and keep a beer-shop in Great St. Andrew-street, Seven Dials. The prisoner Martin was my pot-boy, and had 5s. a week and his board—Webb slept in the house with Martin—he represented him as his cousin—I had never seen Webb in the house before Martin came there—on Friday, the 18th of January, I took the (in cash-box to my bed-room, which is the first floor back room—it contained as near as I can tell 15l. or 16l. in sovereigns, half-sovereigns, and silver—I placed it between the mattrass and the bed at the foot of my bed—it was locked—I left the room about a quarter past eleven o'clock at night—I locked the door after me, and put the key in my pocket—I had occasion to go out to a friend's house for half an hour just over the way—I sent Martin to bed before I went out—I was not aware of Webb being in the house, but he was there—I returned before twelve o'clock, and went to bed immediately—I did not detect the robbery till the morning—I found my room door locked as I had left it—I opened it with my key as usual, and locked it inside—next morning I got up as usual to call Martin to open the shop—he did not answer—I went into his room, and he was gone—I directly ran to my bed-room, and missed my cash-box—I gave information at Bow-street, and the prisoners were apprehended at Wolverhampton—I have never seen my cash-box since—all my papers and receipts were in there was a little piece of silver coin in it with an anchor on it.






SAMUEL WRIGHT
 (police-constable P 172.) In consequence, of information on the 1st of February I went in search of the prisoners to Wolveshampton—I found them there in custody for this offence—they had been advertised in the "Hue and Cry"—I knew Martin before—I told him I had come to apprehend him for taking a cash-box from Mrs. Coombs, of Seven Dials—he said he had taken the cash-box out of his mistress's bed-room, and that the prisoner Webb went from the house with him—(Webb was close by his side, and heard him say this)—he said he had carried it as far as Barnet—he there broke it open, and took out the contents, gold and silver, and likewise the books, and threw the box over a hedge—that they then proceeded as far as St. Alban's, and destroyed the books and papers by putting them in the fire—I have a small piece of coin which the superintendent at Wolverhampton gave me in their presence, also two sovereigns and seven half-sovereigns, and a latch-key, which he said he had taken from Martin—Martin said he had taken the silver coin out of the cash-box.





PETER KENDALL
 (police-constable P 1.) I went with Wright to Wolverhampton, and found the prisoners there in custody—I told Webb I was going to take him to London on suspicion of stealing a cash-box, and 15l. or 17.—he said he knew nothing about it, he had not been near the place—he did not say what place—he said he had left London with Martin, but had not been near the place—I received 2l. 17s. from the superintendent in his presence—I asked Webb where he got that money from—he said he had received it from a master in Lincoln—I asked his master's name—lie could not tell me—I asked in what part of Lincoln his master lived—he could not tell me—I also received two keys from the superintendent in his presence—I asked Webb where he got them from—he said Martin gave them to him—Martin heard that, and did not deny it—one of those keys fits Martin's bed-room door at the prosecutrix'e house, and the other is a latch-key of the outer door.

Webb. Q. Did I not tell you that my father and mother had gone to Australia, and that I had the money from them? A. No—you did not tell me you lived at Old Castle, near Lincoln.

MRS. COOMBS
re-examined. This piece of com I should say I know—the piece I lost was very similar to it—Martin has said while he was with me that he had a key which would open any door in my house.

Webb's Defence. I know nothing at all about the case or the cash-box—I lived with Mr. Cook, a veterinary surgeon, at Old Castle.

MARTIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

WEBB—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.




Transported for Ten Years.

First Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

