





Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1897. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of October
, 1 purse, value 1s.; 2 sovereigns, and 10 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Friend 
                           Waters
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
FRIEND WATERS. I am a carpenter
, and live in Cock-court, Haymarket. On the 8th of October, between twelve and two o'clock in the morning, I met the prisoner near the Haymarket - she asked me to go to a house; I refused, and left her - I had been out with a friend, but was perfectly sober; the prisoner came to me again, and I went with her to No. 11, Little Dean-street, Soho


 - I went up one pair of stairs; I believe I gave her 4s., and put my purse, containing the property stated, into my trousers pocket - I then undressed, and went to bed; she did not come to bed - she might sit on the bed - I felt the money safe in the room, and then I put my trousers under the pillow; she then left the room, andwent away without giving any reason - soon afterwards the landlady came, and asked me if I knew that girl bad left the house; I said I did not - I then got up, and missed my trousers; the landlady found them on the floor, but the purse and money were gone - the officer found her the next morning with the purse and part of the money.


                  RICHARD 
                  HICKS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. At half-past two o'clock the prosecutor said he had been robbed by a woman, whom he described - I knew her, and went about six in the morning; I waited where she lived till she came home - she wanted to go up stairs, but I would not let her; I took her to a public-house; she said I was welcome to search her - she pulled off her shawl, and this purse fell from it, which contains 2l. 16s. 6d.
Prisoner. I told you the gentleman gave me the money and purse. Witness. No, she did not - I should not have searched her if she had; when I found this she said it was given her.
RICHARD HICKS. This is my purse; I have had it four months - I know it by a part which is worn; the prisoner is the girl I met, and I described her to the Policeman.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that the prosecutor was intoxicated, and had made her drink five glasses of brandy. after which he gave her the purse and money.


                  RICHARD 
                  HICKS
               



            . I treated her with one glass of brandy, and no more; I had spent the evening with my friends, and had been nearly to Hampstead - I was not drunk; when I first went out I had about 3l. 5s. with me - I had paid a bill of 4s. 6d., and 4s. I gave her.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not from the person
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
