



1956. 



JOHN HARRIS SETON
 was indicted

 for a fraud.


MR. PRICE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM WHITE
. I am clerk to Mr. Francis James Nugee, a tailor in Pall-mall. On the 6th of May the prisoner came to the shop, and requested that his measure might be taken for some clothes, which was done—he then ordered an olive frock coat, and a pair of trowsers—he presented this card—(read)—"Mr. W. C. Seton, 94th Regiment;" and directed that the things should be sent to No. 2, Alfred-street, Bedford-square—when the clothes were finished they were sent there—they came to about 8l.—on the 8th of May he came again, and ordered a satin dress waistcoat—he requested to be shown some waistcoats and trowsers—we recognized him as the same gentleman who had been before—it was on the faith of this card that we let him have the second order—we certainly should not have done so, but for the card—on the 14th he came again, and ordered a pair of blue military trowsers, with broad gold-lace up the sides, and a frockcoat, for the 94th Regiment, with uniform buttons—the trowsers were made and sent home—these are them—they are worth 5l. 5s.—the coat was not sent, in consequence of information we received.





FREDERICK DAKIN
. I am porter to Mr. Nugee. I have the delivery-book here—I remember delivering at the prisoner's, in Alfred-street, on the 10th of May, a pair of trowsers and a frock-coat, and on the 16th, a pair of blue trowsers with laced sides—they were in parcels, and addressed, "W. C. Seton, Esq., 2, Alfred-street"—I did not see the prisoner till he was at the office.





JOHN PYNE
. I am in the service of Mr. Nugee. On the 10th of May I delivered this waistcoat and trowsers at No. 2, Alfred-street—they were in a parcel, and directed to W. C. Seton, Esq.—the waistcoat is worth about two guineas, and the trowsers about two guineas.





WILLIAM WHITE
. These are the articles that were made for the prisoner—they were found at the pawnbroker's.





REV WILLIAM HENRY M'ALPINE
. I am a relation of the prisoner's by marriage—his name is John Harris Seton—I know Lieutenant Seton, of the 94th Regiment—his name is William Carden Seton—the prisoner was apprentice to a surgeon in Cork-street, and has left him about twelve months—he never was a military man.





PHILIP WEBSTER
. I am an officer. I took the prisoner at the Marylebone theatre—Mr. Nugee's clerk gave him into my charge—I asked what he had to say, be said, "I don't deny it."

Prisoner's Defence. I had been badly supplied during my apprentice-ship, and was forced to run in debt, which displeased my father—I was wishing to make it up, and I wrote to my friends, to get me some situation—I went to this shop, and ordered some clothes, and I did give my brother's card—I meant to have paid for them.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.
