






1526. 
               
                  CAROLINE 
                  BOOTH
               




             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     HARRINGTON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of June
, 1 purse, value 2s.; 13 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, and three 5l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        Elias 
                        White
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  ELIAS 
                  WHITE
               



            . I live in Parker's-court, Drury-lane- I keep a bent-timber manufactory
, and am a widower
. On the morning of the 17th of June I fell in with the two prisoners in Drury-lane, near Long-acre, a little before four o'clock - we went into a house in Drury-lane, and had something to drink; I had 15l. in 5l. notes, thirteen sovereigns, and two half-sovereigns - I am confident I had all this money when I met them; I at length went with them to No. 4, Phoenix-alley Hart-street


 - we all went into a room on the attic; Harrington then went away, and Booth only staid with me - I sat down on the side of the bed, and found myself rather heavy; I laid down with all my clothes on, except my coat and hat -Booth then asked me for a compliment; I said I had no change, but I would make her a compliment before I went away, that I would behave to her in the way I ought - my money and purse were safe then, and I buttoned up my pocket; I fell asleep, and awoke a little after seven o'clock - Booth was then gone, and all my money; I had not 1d. left - I inquired in the house, and heard that Booth was not there; I went to the Police-station, and gave information - I went with an officer to a house in Canterbury-place, Cornwall-road, where I found the two prisoners and a sister of theirs, all in bed together; I have since seen the purse which my money was in - it is a green silk purse; I have also seen a 5l. note at Booth's, the distillers, in Cow-cross - I know it by the names of Payne and Lee on it, in my own hand-writing; I positively swear that note was in my purse - I found my money safe after Harrington left.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Were you drunk? A. I had taken a little refreshment, but was perfectly sober; I only went to one public-house - a friend was with me; he went with Harrington to another room, and they kicked him down stairs - I paid money away, and received some in the course of the day; I know what I had when I went into the house.


                  THOMAS 
                  STILWELL
               



            . I am a gas-lighter; it is my duty to go round early in a morning, to put the gas out. On the morning of the 17th of June, this day three weeks, I was out cleaning my lamps - I saw the two prisoners and another shorter person coming from Duke-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields, towards Gate-street, at a quarter-past five o'clock; I saw Booth take something, put it in her left hand, and with her right hand she threw it over the wall of a garden - I had seen the prisoners before; I told the Policeman, and by his permission I went over the wall, and found this green purse, which I have had ever since - the prosecutor claimed it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know both the women? A. Yes; I have seen them - I saw her put something in a bulk into her left hand, and then into her pocket.


                  ARCHIBALD 
                  McINTRE
               



            . I am in the service of Messrs. Hall and Freeman, in St. John-street. I know both the prisoners as customers; on the 7th of June they both came, bought three shawls, and paid for them with a 5l. note.


                  PHILLIP 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . On the morning of the 17th of June I received this note from Harrington's hand - Booth was with her; I marked it, and paid it to a man named Jennings.
 - FAIRCLOUGH. I am clerk at Booth's distillery. I produce a 5l. note.


                  PHILLIP 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . This is the note she paid me.


                  ELIAS 
                  WHITE
               



            . This is one of the notes I lost that night - this and the purse is all I have found.
Cross-examined. Q.You had not paid the note away? A. No.
Booth's Defence. What the lamplighter says is false.
BOOTH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HARRINGTON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
