



297. 




AMY WILSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of September, at 
St. Botolph without Aldgate, 6 forks, value 3l.; 13 spoons, value 2l. 14s.; 1 pair of breeches, value 1l. 10s.; 1 coat, value 1l. 10s.; 2 shirts, value 15s.; 5 gowns, value 3l. 18s.; 2 yards of silk, value 17s.; 5 sovereigns, and 2 £5 Bank-notes; the goods, monies, and property of 



Samuel Hawkins Jutsum, her master, in his dwelling-house.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





SAMUEL HAWKINS JUTSUM
. I am a wholesale butcher, and live in Whitechapel, in the parish of St. Botolph without Aldgate. The prisoner has been in my service about eight months—on Saturday, the 8th of September, I went to my wife and family into the country, leaving the prisoner in charge of every thing—I returned on the Monday following, and found she had left the house—she had given me no notice whatever—we immediately examined the house, and found all the plate gone—I went to the secretaire and book-case, and missed 2 £5 notes, and 5l. in gold, which had been placed there on the Friday evening, and in the prisoner's room were three chests, one of which was quite emptied—the lock of one box was hampered—other things were gone.





MATILDA JUTSUM
. I came to town with my husband—I examined the drawers, and missed the plate, money, and my dresses—I had no idea of the prisoner's intention of leaving the house.





GEORGE JUTSUM
. I am the prosecutor's son. On Friday evening, the 7th of September, I placed two £5 notes and five sovereigns in a drawer in the book-case, in the front parlour—on Sunday evening, the 9th of September, I went out, leaving the prisoner in charge of the house.





WILLIAM ARGENT
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody on the 7th of December, at the prosecutor's house—she told me her husband had done the robbery, and that she went out to look for him.






SAMUEL HAWKINS JUTSUM

re-examined. She bad come to our House with a letter to our servant—the servant opened the door, and shut it in her face.

Prisoner's Defence. My husband was allowed to come to see me—he came on Sunday, and stopped until the evening—after he was gone, I missed the silver forks and spoons, but I knew nothing of the property being gone—many contradictory statements have been made about the property—I was first told there was an old-fashioned silk dress—the policeman afterwards said there was a cotton dress missing, and then I was told there were five dresses gone—on missing the spoons, the thought struck me, momentarily, that I might be able to overtake my husband, and replace the property, but I have not seen him since—I have no traces of him or the property.





SAMUEL HAWKINS JUTSUM

re-examined. I did not give her leave to have her husband—the plate was in the side-board—I do not know whether the secretaire was locked.




GUILTY
. Aged 47.—


Transported for Ten Years.
