



751. 




JOHN PREBBLE
 was indicted

for feloniously forging a certain request for the delivery of 4 reams of paper, called printing royal, with intent to defraud 



Thomas Spalding and others. 2nd COUNT, for uttering and disposing of a like request.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.





HENRY BENJAMIN SPALDING
. I live in Drury-lane, and am a wholesale stationer, in partnership with Thomas Spalding and two others—we are in the habit of supplying Walter McDowall with paper. On the 25th of February, about half-past six in the evening, this request for goods was brought to me, in his name, by Wooddard—I asked him if he was to pay for the paper—I showed the order to my brother—it says, "No. 4, Pemberton-row, Gough-square. Gentlemen, please let the bearer have four reams of printing royal, perfect, for Mr. Anderton. Your obedient servant,—W. McDowall." My brother told Wooddard he must fetch a sample of the paper wanted—he went away—my brother kept the order—he came again in about an hour afterwards, and brought half a sheet of

paper as a sample—my brother saw him then—I saw him, but did not hear what passed—next morning he brought an order to my brother (looking at one)—this is it—Wooddard said, "I think there is something wrong, and you seem to think so too, Sir"—this order says, "Mr. Anderton says you refuse sending him the paper ordered yesterday, as he has no account, it is for my use; I hope my name and credit is sufficient for you to furnish the order.—Mr. McDowall."





THOMAS SPALDING
. I am the brother of last witness. I saw Wooddard when he brought the sample—I told him he could not have it till morning, as I could not match it by candle-light—I suspected the order—I saw him next morning, about nine or half-past nine o'clock—he brought this letter—Wooddard said he thought there was something wrong—I asked him if he came from McDowall or Anderton—he said, "No"—I asked where he was going to take the paper—he said to Wych-street or Holywell-street—(I had communicated with Mr. McDowall in the mean time)—I sent Wooddard for Kirkman the policeman, and gave Wooddard the paper, with instructions how to act.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You suspected the document from the first? A. I did—I did not tell Wooddard so on either occasion—I suspected it more from the style, than from the handwriting.





WALTER MCDOWALL
. I am a printer, and live in Pemberton-row, Gough-square. The prisoner was in my service, as clerk and porter, for about two months—he had opportunities of seeing my handwriting, and I saw his—neither of these orders are my handwriting—they are the prisoner's writing, to the best of my belief—there are two R's and two P's—one R is like a printing R, and one like a common R—he used to write so, and the P's are the same—he knew who I dealt with, by himself entering the invoices.

Cross-examined. Q. How often do you think he saw you write? A. I cannot say—the foreman was more frequently in the habit of sending orders for paper—they were printed—what I sent out were generally written—the overseer and the warehouseman sent out printed orders—they filled up the blanks—I have seen the prisoner write—he had very nearly filled a ledger—he has entered all our invoices for about three years—he copied them into a ledger—I am prepared to swear that I believe he wrote this.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Were the warehouseman or overseer authorised to write your name? A. No—my name is printed, and they sign their own name underneath—"For McDowall"—I never allow my name to be signed.

MR. DOANE. Q. Are you quite sure they never wrote your name to orders? A. Not to my knowledge; if they had, I should very likely discharge them—I never authorised the prisoner to sign, orders—my father is in partnership with me—he resides at Barnet, and never interferes in the business—he is on the premises sometimes—the prisoner was not in my employ after last December—the orders are not in my father's handwriting—he was not in town at the time this is dated—the first note is more like my writing than the second.





WILLIAM WOODDARD
. I am a porter. I took these orders to Mr. Spalding—the prisoner delivered them to me, and told me to take them to Spalding and Co., and get four reams of paper—I did not see them written—(Orders read.)

Prisoner's Defence. I protest against having written the letters.

(William Gray, Duke's-place, Aldgate, painter; and Joseph Champion, potato dealer, Sutton-street, Clerkenwell, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury.




Transported for Seven Years.
