



535. 




ANN HAYS
 was indicted

for stealing. on the 
27th of January, 1 half-sovereign; 1 half-crown; and 2s. 6d.; the monies of 



Thomas Adams, from his person.






THOMAS ADAMS
. I am a plumber, and live in Carnaby-street. I sleep in the front attic—on the 26th of January, about eleven o'clock at night, I went to bed and put my clothes by the side of my bed—on the following morning, between four and five o'clock, I awoke and heard a strange voice in the room—I got up, and went down stairs—I went back again for a light, and locked for my clothes—I found my waistcoat moved from where I had left it, and missed half-a-sovereign, half-a-crown, and 2s. 6d., which I had safe the night before, when I went to bed—I afterwards accused the prisoner of taking it—she was a stranger, but had come up to the room with a young man named Dowling—he is not here—the landlord does not allow women to be brought there—she was in bed there when I went down stairs, for I saw her—it was light enough to see by the gas—I got a policeman, and she was then up, and dressed, standing on the landing—I do not think she was undressed all night—I accused her of taking my money—she denied it, and said she had no money about her—she was searched, and half-a-sovereign, half-a-crown, and 2s. 6d. was found on her, in a handkerchief.

Prisoner. I met a gentleman in Regent-street, who gave me a sovereign—I went into two or three public-house, and had something to drink—I cannot recollect what house I changed the sovereign at—I then met a tailor, and he took me up to some room—he knew I had the money, and he told his mate of it, who then said I had stolen his money. Witness. Dowling is a tailor—I described the money I lost to the policeman in the morning before it was found.





GEORGE SMITH
. I am a policeman. The prosecutor did not state the amount of his loss before I took the prisoner—he merely said he had been robbed—I kept Dowling in custody while I searched the prisoner, and found the money—when charged with having this money, she said she had none—I found it in her boson, in a pocket-handkerchief—there was half-a-sovereign, half-a-crown, and 2s. 6d.—she told the Magistrate she had met a gentleman. and it was the change of a sovereign; but when I found it on her, she made on reply—Adams said he had lost 15s.—I asked if he had marked any of it—he said not, but it was half-a-sovereign, half-a-crown, and 2s. 6d.,—that was before I searched her—I found the coin he specified, and some halfpence as well with it.

Prisoner. It was within 14d. of the money I got—his companion had seen me tie it up at the public-house, and they guessed it within 14d.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
