




2360. 




URIAH SMITH
 and 



GEORGE SMITH
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
13th of October, 3 sovereigns, 3 half-crowns, 2 shillings and 1 sixpence, the monies of 



John Law, from his person.






JOHN LAW
. I live in Skinner's-place, Somers-town. I received my quarter's pension in Oxford-street, on the 13th of October, about one o'clock, and met the two prisoners—I went to an ale-house—I had three sovereigns, three half-crowns, two shillings, and a sixpence—I drank with them, but did not get drunk—Uriah Smith forced me out of the house, and threw me down, and stunned me—George was in the same company, but not near me—I do not recollect his putting his hand on me—when I got up I was stunned—I walked a considerable distance, and when I came to myself I found my money was gone—I went back to the public-house, and the landlord went after them, but could not find them—I had some duplicates in my pocket, tied up in my handkerchief, and I found them still in my pocket.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were you not drunk at all? A. I cannot say that I was drunk then—three or four men can, after a long day's fatigue, have three pots of beer, without being tipsy—I had had a pint of beer before I saw the prisoners—I drank with them from one o'clock till four—I told them I was going to have a pint of beer, and they might have part—I cannot say whether we were all tipsy—we did not both fall down into the kennel together—it might be a quarter of an hour before I got back to the public-house—I went up the street, but I did not know where I was going, as I was stunned—I swear I was not drunk—I had my duplicates in my pocket, in my handkerchief, which was tied to the button-hole of my coat—I cannot say whether I got up, or any one helped me up—I lent them half a crown—I have seen Uriah before, but was not acquainted with him—I cannot say whether my son knew him—he works in the same lane.






WILLIAM MOTHERSOLE
. I was at this public-house and saw these men I drinking—I saw one sovereign and a half-crown in the prosecutor's hand I—I saw Uriah force the prosecutor oat of the house—he was rather the I tone for liquor—George Smith followed them out, but did not touch I them that I saw—I did not tell the Magistrate that both the prisoners pulled I him out—Law returned in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes, and I aid the prisoners had robbed him of nearly 4l.

Cross-examined, Q. Was not Uriah Smith in liquor? A. Yes—he I caught the prosecutor by the tail of his coat and forced him out—they had I been drinking for three hours.





THOMAS FRICKS
. I was in the house and saw Law take two sovereigns and two or three half-crowns from his pocket.





CHARLES EVES
. I keep the Exmouth Arms. The prisoners and Law were there—when they were coming out, Uriah Smith wanted to go home—the prosecutor seemed disposed to stop—Uriah Smith said, "You shan't, I will make you go," and he got him out, I thought in a friendly way—they struggled, and the prosecutor fell down—George Smith went out immediately after—I then went out and saw the prosecutor walking up the street—his cap fell off, George Smith picked it up and took it after him—I did not see the other prisoner then—the prosecutor came back in a quarter of an hour and said he had been robbed when they were in the tap-room—I was away for an hour, when I came up again they were going away—ours is not the house where the pensions are paid—I never saw them before.





JAMES CARTER
. I am a policeman. I took Uriah Smith—I told him it was for robbing the prosecutor of 3l.—he said he had borrowed half a crown of him.





THOMAS ALVIN
. The prisoner Uriah came and changed a sovereign the same night at my master's bar.

Cross-examined. Q. Did anybody come with him? A. Yes; a female—it was about seven o'clock.

URIAH SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

GEORGE SMITH—


NOT GUILTY
.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

