



87. 




THOMAS FOWLER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of November, at 
St. Andrew, Holborn, 1 watch, value 5l.; 2 seals, value 3l. 10s.; 1 watch-key, value 10s.; 1 split-ring, value 10s.; 1 guard-chain, value 9s.; and 1 breast-pin, value 1s.; the goods of 



John Tomkins, his master, in his dwelling-house; and 1 necklace, value 10s., the goods of 



Ann Newcombe.







JOHN TOMKINS
. I keep a public-house in Gray's-inn-lane, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn; the prisoner was my pot-boy. On Thursday, the 3rd of November, he went on an errand, about nine o'clock in the evening, and never returned—he had given no notice—I missed my silver watch when I went to bed that night, and the other things—the watch and appendages are worth 10l.—they cost me 15l.





FRANCIS LAMBRUN GREENLEY
. I am a pawnbroker at Deptford. On Saturday evening, the 5th of November, the prisoner brought me a silver guard, two gold seals, a gold key and gold ring, to pawn for 6s. or 8s.—I was called into the shop, and suspecting him, asked how he came by them—he said he won them at a raffle—I gave him in charge.





JOHN CANE
. On the 4th of November the prisoner applied to me to pawn a silver watch for him, which I did, with Mr. Bromley, of Broadway, Blackfriars, for 30s.—I gave him the duplicate and money—he told me afterwards that he had not got it honestly—that he had it from his master.





JOHN PERRY
. I am a porter. The prisoner applied to me to pawn a string a beads for him, which I did for 4s., at Mr. Graves, in Fleet-street.





GEORGE KING
. I am shopman to Mr. Graves, of Fleet-street. I produce a necklace which Perry pawned for 4s.





ANN NEWCOMBE
. I am bar-maid to the prosecutor—this necklace is mine—I missed it on the morning after the prisoner left, from a drawer in my bed-room—it is worth 10s.





JOHN SIZER
. I am a policeman. Mr. Greenley applied to me to take the prisoner in charge, and I received a silver guard-chain, two gold keys, and a ring from him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)





EBENEZER HANBURY
. I am shopman to Mr. Bromley. I produce a silver watch which Cane pawned for 30s.—it is worth 3l. 10s., or 4l.—the articles are worth more than 5l.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Life.

Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.

