





Before 
               J. Mirehouse
            , Esq.
876. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     OLIVER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of February
, 1 pair of trousers, value 4s.; 1 coat, value 1l. 10s. and 1 shirt, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry Francis 
                     Beverly
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  FRANCIS BEVERLY
               



            . I lodge in West-street, College-street, Camden-town


. The prisoner lodged in the same house - I left town the beginning of January, and left the prisoner there; after my return I missed these articles- I had taken the coat with me into the country, and brought it back; the prisoner still lodged in the same house - I missed the coat about the 3rd of April; I was not aware that I had lost either the shirt or the trousers, till the duplicate was found.


                  HANNAH 
                  DIXON
               



            . I live servant at the house. I made the prisoner's bed on Monday last, and found in it a purse with seventeen duplicates - I told my master of it.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not leave my room in the morning? and is not the door open? A. Yes, another person might have gone in; I did not know who the purse belonged to.


                  RICHARD 
                  WARNE
               



            . I am a carpenter, and occupy the house in College-street, where the prisoner and prosecutor lodged; on Monday last Dixon gave me the duplicates.
Prisoner. Q. You knew where I worked, and knew my father? A. Yes; you have lodged there six months.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CASSEL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Camden-town. I have a shirt, pawned by a man who gave the name of John Brown, No. 5, Camden-street - I gave him this duplicate.


                  JAMES 
                  MOODY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in East-street, Marylebone. This coat was pawned with me by the prisoner for 7s. in the name of George Allen; I gave him this duplicate - it was on Wednesday evening, the 3rd of April, between eight and nine o'clock.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say, when I was at the lockup place, that you believed I was not the person who pawned it? A. No, I did not; you are the person.


                  ROBERT 
                  HAWKLEY
               



             (Police-serjeant S 1.) I went to the Bell and Crown, Camden-town, last Tuesday night week - I found the prisoner in bed: I awoke him, and asked if his name was not 
               
                  William 
                  Oliver
               



             - he opened his eyes, and said No: I took the candle to him, and said, "I am sure you are the man whom I want, for stealing a great coat, and some other articles:" he said, "Never mind, let it be till morning" - I made him get up and dress; I found a note in one of his pockets - I received these duplicates at his lodging.
Prisoner. Q. I made no resistance? A. No, you did not.


                  RICHARD 
                  WILCOX FAIRLAM
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a pair of trousers, pawned on the 8th of February for 3s. - I do not know by whom, but I gave this duplicate which was found in the purse.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I slept in the back parlour; this gentleman has the front parlour and first floor - I heard of the duplicates being found in my bed, and I was persuaded to sleep out, at the Bell and Crown, not more than one hundred yards from the house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
