



2057. 




THOMAS YOUNG
, the younger, was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Kerschner, on the 
4th of August, at
 Enfield, and stealing therein 2 gowns, value 3l.; 1 shawl, value 5s.; 1 apron, value 5s.; 1 cloak, value 3l.; 1 tippet, value 3l.; 2 neckerchiefs, value 4s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; 4 pairs of gloves, value 2s.; 1 shirt, value 10s.; 6 pairs of stockings, value 6s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; and 1 ribbon, value 6d.; his goods; and that the said Thomas Young had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN KERSCHNER
. I live at Enfield, and keep a small cottage there. On Monday, the 4th of August, I left Enfield by the morning coach, about a quarter after nine o'clock—I knew the prisoner by sight at that time, and knew his sister was living at a short distance from my house—I saw her in front of the house, carrying some water, when I left my house that rooming—I gave her some directions in case my bell should be rang—I returned about ten minutes or a quarter after eight o'clock—I went into the house by the front door, which was all safe as I had left it—there is a door at the top of the stairs leading to the kitchen—I had left that shut, and found it wide open—I got a light immediately, and examined the premises—I found a cupboard door, which was closed in the morning, wide open—I missed a pair of trowsers from a clothes horse—I went into the bed-room, and found a screw-driver—I know the prisoner's father—he is a carrier from Enfield, and I frequently employ him—when I saw the screw-driver I knew I had seen it within six or seven weeks before—there was a box and portmanteau in the bedroom—I missed from them two dresses, a silk shawl, an apron, four pairs of gloves, six pairs of stockings, two handkerchiefs, and a waistcoat; also a cloak from the parlour, and a fur tippet—I examined the house, and found the kitchen window had been broken—I compared the screw-rdiver with the putty, and found it had been cut with the screw-driver outside, and nearly a whole square of glass taken out—that window was quite whole when I went out—I compared the screw-driver with the impressions, and they corresponded—that would enable a person to unfasten the window, and get in with the greatest ease—I gave information to Mead the constable directly—on Sunday, the 10th of September, I accompanied him and another officer to Harlow Bush Fair in Essex, and to the booth of Thomas Stevens—in consequence of a conversation between Stevens and Watkins, Stevens produced a bundle containing most of my articles, and gave an account of how he became possessed of them—the property lost is decidedly worth more than 5l.—about 11l. 9s. at the least—the cloak is worth 3l.; the silk dress 2l., (it is quite new,) and the fur tippet 3l.—they were the articles I lost—I had seen them the night before.





JOHN MEAD
. I am a constable of Enfield. I was called on by the prosecutor on the subject of the robbery—in consequence of suspicion I

entertained and information I received, I accompanied him and Watkins to Harlow Bush Fair, on the 10th of September, and had a conversation with Stevens, who produced to me some property, which I produce—I afterwards took the prisoner into custody at Waltham Abbey, on Monday the 11th—I told him I wanted him, and I was going to put the handcuffs on him—he said, "You have no occasion to do that, I will go with you without"—I told him I wanted him for Mr. Kerschner's robbery.





RICHARD WATKINS
. I went with Mead to Stevens, who produced this property to me—we afterwards apprehended the prisoner.





THOMAS STEVENS
. I attend fairs with a drinking booth. My father lives at Barking, and keeps the large booth called the Crown and Anchor—on Tuesday morning, the 5th of September, the prisoner came to my marquee at Southgate, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, and wanted to borrow 2l. of me—I said, "Not without security for it"—he produced a bundle from under his arm, put it on the ground, and said, "I have got a bundle which belongs to my sister"—he put it down, and I gave him the 2l.—I knew that he had a sister, and that she had some money recently left her—I advanced him the 2l. on this property—I opened the bundle—he said if he brought the 2l. again he must have the bundle, and if he did not, I was to give him 10s. more, and keep it—I heard nothing more of him till the prosecutor came to my booth at Harlow Bush Fair, to ask if I had any property belonging to the prisoner—I said I had, and produced it—I delivered it up, and attended before the Magistrate—I had only known the prisoner about a week—I knew he worked at my uncle's before that, but I had not seen him myself, and did not know his person—I have seen him working for my uncle at Epsom races in May—that was the beginning of my acquaintance with him.

Prisoner. Q. Who worked for you at Ascot races and Epsom, if you only knew me a week? A. Not you—you did not work for me at Fairlop—my uncle erects stables and takes in gentlemen's horses, and I attend fairs with booths.

MR. KERSCHNER
re-examined. Q. In whose possession had you last seen the screw-driver, before you found it in your house? A. The pri soner's father's—he lives with his father occasionally, but not always—he had been for some days before that in the village—I have examined all the articles produced—they are part of what I lost.





THOMAS BENJAMIN HASSELL
. I produce a copy of the record of the prisoner's conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was at the present trial—the prisoner is the same person.




GUILTY of breaking and entering, and stealing under the value of 5l
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
