





75. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK WILLIAM 
                     ELLIOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st September
, at St. Botolph Without, Aldgate


, 1 pump iron, value 1s. 6d.; 3 instep leathers, value 2s.; 1 pair of upper leathers, value 1s. 3d.; 1 window blind, 2s.; 1 basket, value 1s.; 2 sovereigns; 1 half-sovereign; value 2 crowns; 24 half-crowns; and 14 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William Horn 
                           Mead
                        




                     
                  , his master, in his dwelling-house
            .
WILLIAM HORN MEAD. I am a shoemaker
, and live in Shaftesbury-place, Aldersgate-street


. The prisoner had been with me three months, and for about six weeks was my apprentice
 - on the 1st of September, he took the property stated, out of a chest of drawers in the room I sleep in, on the first floor; it is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Botolph without, Aldgate; the money and the property I lost amounted to 7l. 5s. - the prisoner absconded, and was taken in two or three months afterwards - he had given me no notice of leaving me - I have lost the whole of the property.


                  ROBERT 
                  DREW
               



             (police-constable R 140). I took the prisoner on the 7th of November - I charged him with vagrancy, as he was sitting about the doors - we found at the station-house that there was an information againsthim respecting this robbery; I told him of it; he made no answer, but the next morning, when he was taken before the magistrates at Greenwich, the magistrate asked Mr. Thomas how the prisoner effected the robbery; he said, he believed he broke open a lock - the prisoner said, if he said he broke open a lock, he told a lie, for the lock was open.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
