




2430. 




ELIZA WRIGHT
 and 



ELIAS WRIGHT
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
28th of September, 3 quires of paper, value 4s. 6d.; 12 books, value 8s.; 20 printed books, value 16s.; 18 pens, value 6d.; 12 boxes of paints, value 1s. 6d.; 2 wax pears, value 6d.; 1 yard measure value 2s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 5s.; the goods of 



Charles Borras, their master.


MR. JONES
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM HENNINGHAM
 (police-constable L 175.) On the 28th of September, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was on duty in Newington churchyard, and saw the prisoner Eliza Wright loitering at the back of the houses which goes against the churchyard—she was walking up and down—the back of Mr. Borras's house comes close against the churchyard—after a short time, I saw the prisoner Elias Wright give her a bundle over the back wall of Mr. Borras's house—I stopped her, and asked what she had got—she said, "Nothing"—I said, "You must go with me, you have something wrong here"—she said, "For goodness sake say nothing about it; what shall I give you?"—she had the street-door key in her hand, and asked me to let her go into the private door of her master's house—I took her in there and searched the bag, in the presence of her mistress, who brought Elias into the shop to me, and I took them both into custody—Elias said he knew what the contents of the bag were—Mrs. Borras saw every article.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was there not a young lady taken into custody by you? A. Yes, at the same time—I believe she was shopwoman to Mr. Borras—it was not by their direction I took the woman, it was on my own responsibility—when I took Eliza into the shop, and took Elias, the witness Morton said that Eliza had bought the yard measure mentioned in the indictment of her master—I then took Morton into custody, and she was detained all night at the station-house, taken before the Justice, and remanded till the following Tuesday, when the Magistrate discharged her, thinking there was not sufficient evidence to detain her—I have a book here, in which entries are made of goods sold.





ELIZA BORRAS
. I am the wife of Charles Borras; he has a situation in the City, and we carry on the business of fancy stationers at Newington. The female prisoner was our household servant, and the other the errand-boy—they are brother and sister, and both resided in the house—the policeman brought Eliza in with the bag—I identify the whole of the property as belonging to ray husband—no part of it had been sold by me—I believe the yard measure is entered in the book as sold, and a writing-book also, I believe—our shopwoman was discharged at Union-hall, and has been very ill since—I know this spelling-book—it has my private mark in it—it was never sold by me

Cross-examined. Q. You cannot say whether Miss Morton might not have sold it? A. I cannot say—there is not any entry of a book sold in Miss Morton's writing on Thursday, the 28th—these are the reading-library books, not what are sold in the shop—some of the entries are my own writing—what is entered at the bottom of the page was sold after they were in custody—Miss Morton's entries on the 28th are, "Paper, 1d.; measure, 1s.; paper, 4d. "—the entries are not for books sold, but lent and returned home, and paid for.

COURT. Q. Are there three quires of paper entered there? A. No, nor

twenty books, nor the other articles named in the indictment—(looking at the property found in the bag)—these are our articles





ADELAIDE MORTON
. I was in the service of Mrs. Borras as shop-woman, and had been so about four months—I was in the habit of selling things over the counter, and of making entries in the book of what I sold—I have seen these things—I sold a few of them to the prisoners—do I not exactly know what they were—there is a yard measure I sold—there I was some paper, but I cannot tell how much—not so much as three quires—I do not know whether I sold as much as a quire—I did not sell the wax pears, nor these books, nor the copy-books—I think I sold some of the pens to Eliza Wright—she paid for what she bought—I did not sell her any thing on the 12th of September, but a yard measure—she paid 1s. for that, and it is down in the book.

COURT. Q. Things sold in the shop might hare been carried out with out going through the churchyard? A. Yes—I am fourteen years old—I entered in the book all the money I received, and all I allowed them to have.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not you let her have on credit the things which do not appear in the book?

COURT. You are not bound to answer the question. (Not answered.) Witness, I did not give the bag produced to the boy—I did not five him the things to give to his sister—I do not know whether he knew his sister had purchased any articles—I did not give him any thing to carry to his sister.





ELIZA BORRAS

re-examined. There is a handkerchief among the things produced in the bag—that is my own private property, and would not be told in the business—it has my maiden name on it—Miss Morton was not authorised to give credit to any body without express directions—the churchyard is at the back of the house—it is not the way goods would be carried out of the house—there is a shop door into the street—it does not lead into the churchyard—persons buying goods at the shop would go out at the shop door—the male prisoner was not in the habit of carrying out goods sold—nothing but newspapers—I do not think we ever sent any thing home—he was not employed to take things home

JURY
to
WILLIAM HENNINGHAM. Q. What distance is the house from the churchyard wall? A. The front of the house is in High-street, and a long garden goes down to the churchyard—it is a low wall, and there is the rectory-house—I saw the girl walking up and down the churchyard waiting, and saw the boy give the bag into her hands.

ELIZA WRIGHT—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years. ELIAS WRIGHT.—


NOT GUILTY
.
