




1202. 




JAMES ANSTICE
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Negus, about the hour of three in the night of the 
18th of April, at 
St. James's, Westminster, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, 1 coat, value 30s.; 3 shirts, value 15s.; 7 handkerchiefs, value 12s.; 4 napkins, value 4s.; 2 umbrellas, value 6s.; 4 pair of stockings, value 4s.; 1 ring, value 6s.; 1 cash-box, value 10s.; 18 pence; and 24 halfpence; his goods and monies.






JOSEPH NEGUS
. I am a baker, and live in Little Pulteney-street, in the parish of St. James's, Westminster. I occupy the whole house—I went to bed on Saturday, the 18th of April, between twelve and one o'clock at night—the doors and windows were all secured—I have a back door to the house, which was only shut too—it has no lock, but a bolt—it was not bolted—any body in the yard could open it—there was a bolt on it, and when I left it I bolted it, but lodgers might have come down afterwards, and unbolted it—it was bolted when I went to bed—it is occasionally opened after I go to bed—I was not alarmed—I was called up by my servant at seven o'clock in the morning as usual, and found the parlour-door burst open, that had been locked own night—I had taken the key up with me—I found all the drawers and boxes in the room opened, and a great many articles of apparel gone—I went into the shop—that door was not locked over night, but it was closed—I missed from a desk a ring, and the copper money mentioned—I went down to the station-house, and there found a cash-box, which I had not missed before, as I went down directly—I found a coat at the watchhouse—I missed some shirts, handkerchiefs, neck handkerchiefs, two umbrellas, and some stockings, worth altogether about 5l., but 10l. would not replace them—I had taken a very remarkable halfpenny on the Saturday night, and left it locked up in the desk—I have since seen that in the hands of the policeman.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Were you the last person that went to bed? A. Yes, of my own family—it was quite day-light when I came down—there are four different lodgers in the house.





BENJAMIN GUNNING
 (police-constable C 145.) I was on duty in Peter-street, on Sunday morning, the 19th of April, at four o'clock—I saw the prisoner come out of Walker's-court, St. James's, with a coat under his arm—that was two or three hundred yards from the prosecutor's house—it was just getting light—I could see the features of a man, at that time, by the light of day—he crossed Peter-street, and entered the door of No. 7, which is a lodging-house—I waited there till my brother officer came up, and went in, and found the prisoner concealed behind the door of a room—he was standing behind it, pretending to be asleep—my brother officer took the coat up, which was lying down on the floor, and the cash-box was wrapped up in it—we took him to the station-house on suspicion.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw him going across the street? A. Yes; with the coat under his arm—I saw the tail of it hanging behind him—I watched him into the house—I waited outside a minute or two before I went in—I am quite sure he is the man I saw with the coat.





WILLIAM DEARMAN
 (police-constable C 154.) I went into the house, No. 7, Peter-street. The oven-door was fastened—I put my hand through the window, unbolted it, and behind the door the prisoner stood, pretending to be asleep—I asked what he did there—he made no reply—I asked where the coat was which he had under his arm—he said he had no coat—I found it there, and the cash-box in it—I took him to the station-house, and

found 1s. in copper, and three farthings on him—the sergeant on duty was with me—I afterwards returned to No. 7, Peter-street, and examined a stone in the yard, under a step-ladder—I found two centre-bits, one stock, eight skeleton-keys, two latch-keys, and one screw-driver—the yard belongs to No. 7, it is open to the street, as the door stands open all night long—the stone was close to the door—they were under a loose stone.

Cross-examined. Q. They were concealed? A. Yes; the stone laid on the top of the pavement, close by the door by which you go into the house—if I had seen a person go in, I should most likely have seen if he stooped to put any thing under the stone, but it was dark—I put the halfpence which I found into a desk—there was nothing there but papers—I noticed one halfpenny very particularly when I took it from him.





JOSEPH NEGUS

re-examined. This is my cash-box—I know this halfpenny was locked up in my desk over night in the shop—there was nothing but papers in the cash-box—I can identity the coat that was in the parlour.




GUILTY of Housebreaking, not of Burglary. Aged 18.



Transported for Fourteen Years.
