







2019. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PLUMMER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of July
, 57 live tame ducks, price 4l., and 44 live tame fowls, price 3l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Murphy
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM MURPHY. I deal in poultry
, and live in Caroline-place, Saffron-hill


; I have a yard and stable fenced in, a few yards from my place - it has a wooden fence eight or nine feet high. On the 30th of July I had fifty-seven ducks and forty-four fowls there, in baskets, and between three and four o'clock in the morning they were all gone - it was all my stock except eleven geese; I gave notice at Newgate-market, and between eleven and twelve I was sent for, and saw some of them in possession of Bates.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BATES
               



            . I am a patrol of the ward of Farringdon Within. I saw the prisoners selling chickens about the market for half their value; they sold six to a lad, and told him they had more at home - there was another person with them.


                  JAMES 
                  COOPER
               



            . I go to the market for my father, and on that morning I saw the two prisoners and another person with them - they had eight fowls; they sold two to a woman for 1s. 3d., and then I bought the six at 8d. a piece; they said if I went to No. 8, Paradise-place, they would sell me thirteen more - I went there by order of the officer, and paid 4s. for six more, the officer took the prisoners.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SWAINSON
               



            . Bates told me he knew where to find the prisoners; I went with him, and we sent Cooper in to bargain for the fowls, but he was not to pay for them till he brought the prisoners to a public-house where I was waiting - I then took them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I saw the fowls - they were mine; I got nineteen back; it has been the ruin of me and my family.
The prisoners put in a written Defence, stating that they were employed by the other person to assist in selling the poultry, which they did not know was stolen.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
PLUMMER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
