




512. 



THOMAS WILDEN
 and 



ABRAHAM BANKS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
26th of December, I truss of hay, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 



Thomas Roberts; and that Banks had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES ARCHER
. I drive a wagon for Mr. Thomas Roberts. I was driving it, on the 26th of December, from Hempstead to Lopdon—I was at the Bull, at Whetstone, that night—I had a truss of clover, hay and trefoil on the fore-ladder of my wagon, which was loaded with flour—the truss was for the horses—after I had done my horses, about ten o'clock, I went into the Bull, and had my supper—my wagon was outside against the door, and my horses in the stable—the two prisoners came in, and had a pot of beer—they drank it, and wanted some more, but the landlord would not serve them—they then went out, and I lighted my candle to go to my horses—when I went out my hay was gone—I heard some one going by the side of another wagon—I went round, and saw my hay on Wilden's back, and Banks was walking by the side of him—I said, "What the d—I are you going to do with that hay?"—Wilden threw it down, and they separated and ran off—Banks went into the Anchor, and Wilden wenjt up a yard—I stopped by the hay, and sent the boy in after Mr. Moulton, and he came out—we went into the Anchor, and found Banks—I

said, "Where is the man who took my hay?" but he never spoke—I came out, and got a policeman—the prisoners were afterwards taken—I can swear they are the men.





THOMAS MOULTON
. I keep the Bull. The two prisoners came there on the Wednesday after Christmas-day, about a quarter before eleven o'clock—they drank a pot of beer, and wanted more—I would not let them have it—they both went out, and then the wagoner lighted his candle and followed them out—he sent for me—I went with him to the Anchor, and saw Banks there—I came out, and a boy told me something—I went into a court, and saw Wilden—they were afterwards taken.





RICHARD FLINT
. I am a labourer, and live at Hatfield—I was at the Bull, and came out with Archer—I saw Wilden with the hay on his back—he threw it down and ran off.

Wilden. I had been out with a load of straw, and went into the Bull to have a pot of beer—we came away, and when we went by the Anchor, Banks said he should have some beer—I went on, and went down a court—Mr. Moulton came and pulled me out—I went with them to the Anchor, and then I went home—they did not take me till the next day.

Banks. We went into the Anchor, and these men came, and went out, and next morning I was taken—the witness says that he saw me with this prisoner when he had the hay on his back—I know nothing about it.





JOSEPH ALDEE
. I am a sergeant in the Edmonton police. I produce a certificate of the prisoner Banks's former conviction—I was a witness—he is the person who was tried and convicted—(read.)

WILDEN—


GUILTY
. Aged.—



Confined Nine Months.

BANKS—


GUILTY
. Aged.—


Transported for Seven Years.
