






1944. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KNOWLES
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ralph 
                           Brown
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  RALPH 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live in Henry-street East, Bedford-square. On the evening of the 24th of July, I was walking in High-street, St. Giles'


 - I saw Knowles in the custody of Stone; I felt my pocket, and missed my handkerchief, which I saw in Stone's hand.


                  GEORGE 
                  STONE
               



             (Police-constable C 99). On the 24th of July, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I was in High-street, and saw the two prisoners together at the corner of Oxford-street - when Mr. Brown passed they followed him to the church, when Knowles put his hand in and picked his pocket - Williams was close to him at the time; I went in between them, and secured Knowles; he put his hand behind him, as if to give the handkerchief to Williams, but I took it, and Williams ran off.
Knowles. You swore that Williams was several yards from me; you are not the man who took me, it was a man in plain clothes. Witness. We were both in plain clothes- Williams was close to you; they were both very desperate indeed; they laid on the ground, and said they would not go.


                  THOMAS 
                  FARRANT
               



             (Police-constable C 42). I was with Stone, and pursued Williams - he made great resistance, and fought terribly; I got him into a public-house, and when I had handcuffed him I went out to assist Stone - they raised a mob of five or six hundred persons; the prosecutor was forced to assist to get them along.
KNOWLES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
