






160. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             were again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of November
, 28 yards of lace, value 23s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Frederick 
                     King
                  




               
            .


                  MARTHA 
                  KING
               



            . I am the wife of Frederick King, haberdasher
, St. John-street


. On the 1st of November, between two and three o'clock, the prisoners came to our shop; Davis asked to look at some edging - I served her; I showed them some lace - Davis bought a yard and a half of edging, at 6d.; she gave me a shilling, and I gave her change - they both sat by the side of the counter; they looked at nothing else - the lace-box was before them; they were about ten minutes in the shop - Davis sat opposite the lace, and it was her who looked at it; I put the box away immediately she left, and in about half an hour a customer came in for lace - I took the box down, and missed this piece; I am certain the box had not been opened after they had left till then - nobody but the prisoners could have touched it; the customer had not been near the box - Harrison brought the lace to my shop the same night; I claimed it - it measures twenty-eight yards: I am sure it was in the shop at one o'clock, but will not swear it was there when they came.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM
               



             HARRISON. I am an officer. I took the prisoners in charge at Howell's, about five o'clock - I asked Mrs. Copeland, the matron of the Compter, to search them in a private room; she brought this lace to me - I took it to King's that afternoon; Mrs. King claimed it.


                  MARIA 
                  COPELAND
               



            . I took the prisoners into a room tosearch them - I found this piece of lace under Collins' stays; I found a yard of white satin ribbon on Daivs.(Property produced and sworn to.)
COLLINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
