






1938. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JAMES, alias 
JONES





               
            , and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SARGENT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of August
, 1 watch-case, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Peak
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PEAK
               



            . I am a hair-dresser
, and live in Long-lane


; I was in company with one of the prisoners one night, but was not intimate with him. On the 28th of August, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning, the prisoners came into my shop, and were talking to each other about watches; Jones said to me, "Let us look at your watch" - I gave it him from my waistcoat pocket; he took the case off, and pretended to look at the works - he gave Sargent the watch to look at, keeping the case himself; he then pretended to look out of doors, and whipped round the corner - I did not see him go away; Sargent gave me the inside of the watch, and said he would go and look after him, and they both whipped round the corner, and never returned; directly I looked out of doors, they were gone - I received information between ten and eleven o'clock that night, and went to the Queen's-head, Queen-street, Holborn; I found them there with a party, and charged them with taking my case, which they denied - I have not found it; it was silver, and worth 10s.
Sargent. Q. How long had we been in your shop before a person came to be shaved? A. They were there about seven minutes altogether; I cannot recollect any body coming to be shaved - I had summoned a person to Guildhall about an image he had broken; I did not say I was in debt 18s. - I said nothing about pawning my watch for 1l.; I was once in the House of Correction for an assault, but was never charged with felony, or a dishonest act - I never threatened to cut my mother's throat; I never told you I had stolen a hone - I knew Jones by sight, having seen him about nine months ago, with a neighbour's son; you kept talking to me about the weather, while Jones went off with the case.


                  JOHN 
                  MURDOCH
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoners; they denied the charge.
Sargent's Defence. Jones called and asked me to take a walk; I had been ill - as we returned I wanted shaving; he said a friend of his kept a shop in Long-lane - I went, and was shaved; a person came and spoke to him aboutGreen, who he had summoned to Guildhall - after he was gone, he said he was 18s. in debt, and should be obliged to pawn his watch: he took it out, and asked us if it would fetch 1l. - I said I was no judge, and he put it into his pocket again; he showed us a hone which he said had been stolen, and the person sold him the duplicate - we soon after bid him good morning, and left both together.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Confined One Year
            .
SARGENT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.



               Transported for Life
            .
