




1254. 




MARY BOLTWOOD
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
28th of March, 2 pair of trowsers, value 3l.; 2 waistcoats, value 1l.; 1 shirt, value 8s.; 1 cloak, value 2l.; 6 spoons, value 1l. 5s.; 1. castor top, value 2s.; 1 shawl, value 10s.; 1 pair of boots, value 8s.; 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; and 4 half-crowns; the goods and monies of 



Joseph Hewett, her master; and 




CAROLINE FELL



for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stole; against the Statute, &c.






CAROLINE HEWETT
. I live with Mr. Joseph Hewett, as his wife, in Earl-street—he has been a coach proprietor, and now drives an omnibus—Boltwood came to help to move—I took her as a servant, and she left after four days—I went out in the evening, and returned and missed these things two drawers had been broken open—I had left her in care of the place.

Boltwood. The drawers were left open, and the spoons outside. Witness. No, they were not—they were broken open, and the front very much damaged.





SAMUEL WATSON
. I am assistant to Mr. Graygoose, of Crawford-street, Marylebone. These spoons were not pawned by either of the prisoners—I have no doubt that they were pawned by Mary Pritchard, who was discharged.





THOMAS FISHER
. I am a pawnbroker, and live at the back of the Elephant and Castle. This cloak was pawned with me by Boltwood—there were two persons in the shop—I cannot say which pawned it—I believe Boltwood pawned it, while the other person was dealing with my young man for some frocks, but I had not sufficient sight of her to say whether it was the other prisoner.





CHARLES HARRISON
. I am assistant to a pawnbroker, in St. George's Circus. I produce the trowsers and waistcoat, a pair of boots and a hand-kerchief, which were pawned in the name of Ann Lowe, 45, Earl-street—it was by a woman, but I do not know who.
(Property produced and sworn to.)





THOMAS LOWCOCK
 (police-constable D 134.) On the 25th of April, I was on search after Boltwood—I went first to No. 3, Edward-place—be-cause I knew that Farron had lived at that part when Boltwood did—I went to Fell's father's—he opened the door—I asked him for his daughter, and the prisoner came forward and said, "Do you want me respecting the robbery of Boltwood?"—she said, "I did not steal the things, but I pawned some spoons for her"—I went with her over the water, and she told me the spoons were pawned, and said at the back of the Elephant and Castle there was a cloak—she took me to a street in the London-road, and pointed to a house, where she said Boltwood lived, but we could not get in—I took Fell to the station, and in the evening I went again and saw Bolt wood coming out of a public-house—I asked her if she knew me—she said yes—I told her I wanted her for robbing Mr. Hewett—she said she knew him, and she had done it because she wanted to be transported.


Boltwood. He did not say any thing about my knowing him—I am very sorry, but we are both guilty.

Fell, I am quite innocent—I leave myself to the mercy of the Court.

BOLTWOOD—


GUILTY
. Aged 16. 


Transported for Fourteen Years.

FELL—


NOT GUILTY
.
