




807. 




MARGARET NEWMAN
 and 




JULIA ST. CLAIR NEWMAN
 were again indicted for

stealing, on the 
20th of January, 1 diamond ring, value 30s., the goods of 



Amelia Jane Hoseason, but now the wife of George Orby Hunter.






AMELIA JANE HUNTER
. I have been married to Mr. Hunter since this transaction—my name at the time in question was Hoseason—I live at No. 23, Grosvenor-street West, Pimlico. In the early part of last year, a gentleman named White, an acquaintance of mine, was in the King's Beach prison—I have not the slightest recollection of what month it was—I went there, and was shown into his room—I found the two prisoners there—I cannot recollect whether there was any other person—I had a reticule in my hand, which contained a diamond ring—I had put it in that morning—my attention was drawn to the ring some time before I entered the prison, when I was in the Strand—it was then safe in the bag—I had not taken it out between the Strand and the King's Bench—when I got into the room in the prison, I left the bag on the table, while I went out to speak to Mr. White—I was not with him long—about five or ten minutes—I do not recollect any one going into the room after I came out—I believe I found the bag on the table when I returned, but I do not remember at all—I staid there three four hours, I think—I do not think I took my bag up till I was going home—I did not miss the ring until some hours after I got home—I have since seen a ring very like it—I suppose it to be mine—this is very like mine—(looking at it)—I cannot swear to it, but I think it is mine—I was not in the habit of wearing it—I believe it to be mine.

COURT. Q. This is not an ordinary ring—it is very old fashioned, and very peculiar—how long had you possession of the ring you lost? A. It was my mother's—she gave it to me—I had seen it very frequently for years—I think this is mine—I have not the smallest doubt of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you carry a pocket handkerchief in your reticule? A. Yes; and it was my impression that I drew the ring out with the handkerchief—when I got home I supposed I had done so—I think it may have come out with my handkerchief—the ring was in a purse—I am not at all certain what month it was that I went to the King's Bench.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you find your purse safe when you got home? A. Yes.





GEORGE WHITE
. In the early part of last year I was in the King's Bench prison. The prisoners were inmates of the prison at the time, and I permitted them to use my room for a few days till they got one for themselves—I was not in the room when Mrs. Hunter came to see me—I was going up, and I rather think Mrs. Hunter heard me—on my going up near to my door, she came out of my room in my sight, and met me, and I talked to her outside the door, I should think for five or ten minutes—I then went into the room, and found Mrs. Newman and her daughter, but nobody else to my recollection—Mrs. Hunter went in with me—at the time

we were talking, we were standing close to the door—it is a double door—we were close to the outside door—nobody came in or went out at the door during our conversation—I did not observe any thing on the table when I went into the room—I did not hear any thing said about the bag or ring; (and I should say that the statement I made previously, I find from subsequent conversation I have had,) to be wrong; that the conversation respecting the loss of the ring was when Mrs. Hunter and her neice came to me the second time; and I should also say I was not aware of the precise time—I know it was early after Christmas—I thought it was the first day of term after Christmas, but I find it must have been March when Mrs. Hunter came—I stated in my deposition that a complaint was made of the loss at the time, but I now find I am in error.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Your impression at first was that this was soon after Christmas? A. I said I thought it was either the first or last day of term—I can undertake to say there was nobody else in the room—I never went there myself during the time these ladies had the room, nor would I suffer any of my friends to come into it—I cannot say whether they might let anybody in themselves, but from the time Mrs. Hunter came out of the room, and I was talking to her, nobody came out or went in.

MR. BODKIN. Q. When you went in after speaking to Mrs. Hunter was there anybody else there or not? A. Certainly not—I am quite certain of that.

COURT. Q. When was your attention first drawn to the loss of the ring? A. I think three or four days after—the prisoners were still in the occupation of the room when it was discovered—I think it was then the conversation took place which I supposed at first to have taken place when the ring was lost, namely, that when Mrs. Hunter was with me last she lost a ring, and I made the observation to her, "It is just like your carelessness," and one of the prisoners said, "I hope it is not of much value"—I did not suggest to the prisoners that it had been lost in my room, nor did anybody else.





GEORGE COLLIER
. I am a policeman. I took possession of the desk which I produced in the last case, and I found thirty-three duplicates in it—one of them refers to the ring in question—it was pawned with some of the articles belonging to the last case, with Mr. Russell, Fore-street, for 25s., on the 21st of September, 1836—this is the duplicate—I found the desk in Hyde-street, in the second-floor back room—the name of "Mrs. M. T. Newman" is on the desk.





MARIA LYNE
. In February last the prisoners took a room in my house, and brought this desk with them—the officers took the desk from their room on the Sunday following.





THOMAS WILLIAM ROBINS
. I am shopman to Mr. Russell, pawnbroker, Fore-street. I have the corresponding duplicate to the one produced—it is for three rings pawned on the 21st of September—I was present at the pawning, but did not take them in—it was a smart young person that pawned them—what calls the circumstance to my recollection was a doubt respecting the ring now produced being a diamond one—I had some converson with the person who took them in, but he has now left our service—that brings the circumstance to my mind, and my impression is that it was the younger prisoner brought them; that is my belief—they were pawned in the name of Julia Newman, No. 8, Fitzroy-place—I have not seen her since.


Cross-examined. Q. I suppose the proper date is on your duplicate? A. It is.

MR. PHILLIPS
called






LUCY ELIZABETH HALLETT
. Q. What time was it you said on the last trial you went to see the prisoners in Whitecross-street? A. I did not say what time it was, because I do not know—it was about two or three months ago, the first time I saw them.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you see them there frequently? A. I never went in but twice—I did not pawn any thing for them while they were it prison—I never saw this ring before.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How soon after you saw them in prison did you go into their service? A. About a month, I think; and I lived with them I think a couple of months in King-street, Goswell-street—I left then about six or seven weeks ago.





CORNWALL BARRY WILSON
. I am a solicitor, and have chambers at Furnival's Inn. I know the two prisoners—they were arrested on a bill in which I was concerned, and were sent to Whitecross-street in the early part of August, last year—they were discharged the latter end of the following term, about the latter end of November—I saw them in prison in August, but never saw them again—the discharge was handed to me by the attorney in November.

COURT. Q. Are we to understand you that they were not out of custody from August to the beginning of November? A. They were in custody the. whole time—I can undertake to say they were in custody it November—they were both in custody on the same matter—one was the drawer of the bill, and the other the acceptor—they were both arrested the same day, I believe—I saw them both in prison about the 12th of August—I did not see them in September.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Were you concerned in the action? A. No—I was employed to negociate with the plaintiff for them, but I could not—there were no papers—the writ was not sent to me—they had no attorney—I ultimately arranged for their discharge with the plaintiffs attorney, Mr. Melton, who lives in Surrey-street, Strand, I think—I never saw the writ, nor any of the papers—the discharge was given to me.





THOMAS WILLIAM ROBINS

re-examintd. I am sure this duplicate applies to this diamond ring—duplicates are sometimes printed three months before they are wanted, but we never use them out of time—I am confident the date is correct, for I have referred to the entry in the book.





JOHN WILLIAM IDE COUSINS
. I know the two prisoners—I saw them in Whitecross-street prison in September—I know they were there the whole of September—I saw them ten or twelve times in prison—they were both confined there for debt.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Are you the gentleman who visited them as their uncle? A. Certainly not—I am no relation to them—I never represented that I was—I do not think I was ever represented as their uncle in my presence—I never heard it—I never represented myself as their Uncle, and never allowed myself to be called so—I have been acqnainted with the prisoners nearly twelve months—I have seen them very frequently—I knew them when they lived with Mr. Elderton, and when Mrs. Rawlinson was charged with robbing them of jewellery—I took no part in that, further than recommending them to have a respectable solicitor in the City, who was my solicitor—that was all I did—I did not pay the officers to my recollection—I know a gentleman named Ellis, a solicitor—I paid

him two guineas for attending—I visited the prisoners in Hyde-street, and was there when they were charged with felony there.

Q. You need not answer the question unless you like, but did you on that occasion offer the prosecutrix money not to come forward? Witness. I will not answer it.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had the governor of Whitecross-street prison an opportunity of seeing you when you went in and out to see the prisoners? A. The man at the door did—I had been a friend of theirs—I saw they had no other friend, and I was their friend—I should have been anxious to render them any assistance in my power.

COURT. Q. What are you? A. I am no particular profession, I have private property of my own—I do not follow any business—I live at Stratford in Essex—I have farmed a great deal of land, but I found it did not answer, and retired from it—the prisoners are not related to me—I was recommended to them by a highly respectable person, and I did what I could for them—I never saw such a thing as a duplicate in their possession.

MR. BARRETT. I am governor of Whitecross-street prison. Julia and Margaret Newman were committed there on the 17th of August, and discharged on the 17th of November—they were not there on the 12th of August—they were on the 21st of September.

COURT. Q. Were they out in the intermediate time? A. They were not.

MRS. HUNTER
re-examined. The snap was partly off my purse, it was a bead purse, and I thought it possible it might have fallen out—I staid three or four hours in Mr. White's room at the King's-bench—after talking at the door I returned into the room, and I think we bad lunch there—I saw the ring safe last when I was in the Strand—I took a coach from there to the Bench—I had the ring safe when I got into the coach—I might have lost it at the time of paying the coachman when I got out—there were a few shillings in my purse—I opened my purse to pay him, and that gave me the idea that I lost it at that time.

M. NEWMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.

J. S. NEWMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Seven Years.

