






1109. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DALEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WESTBROOK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Fielder
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  FIELDER
               



            . I am a builder
, and live at Stangate-wharf. On the 30th of May, I was near London-bridge


, between one and two o'clock; I was putting my handkerchief into my pocket, and in drawing my hand from my pocket, felt a sudden pull at my pocket, I turned round, and saw the prisoners passing at the side of me - they got in front of me - a policeman rushed by me; I followed him and told him, I had lost my handkerchief; he stopped the prisoners, and took it out of one of their pockets; they merely passed before me - I cannot say which of them attempted my pocket.


                  PHILIP 
                  HENRY PARISH
               



            . (City policeman No.45.) On the 30th of May, I was stationed near London Bridge, on account of a fire which had taken place there; about half-past three in the day time I saw the prisoners close on the prosecutor, and saw something move sharply into the left hand breeches pocket of Westbrook - I laid hold of the two - a person came up, and I gave one into his custody - I could not see whether the other prisoner did anything or not, but from the quickness of the motion I saw something was done, and laid hold of them.
Daley. He had hold of the other, and said to a policeman "Go and catch hold of him," and he took me - I was three yards from the policeman.
COURT, Q. Did they appear in company together, or was it accidentally? A. I took hold of them at the same time; I could not see who took the handkerchief, but saw a motion which led me to believe something was taken - I considered they were acting in concert together, but cannot be certain of it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Westbrook. When the policeman took me; he asked me what I was in my pocket - I immediately said I had picked up a handkerchief on the pavement; he kept hold of my collar, and said to a policeman, "Lay hold of the little one."


                  PHILIP 
                  HENRY PARISH
               



            . They were both immediately behind the prosecutor; I did not ask them any questions.
Daley's Defence. I was coming over the bridge, from my masters about one o'clock - on this side of the bridge there was a fire, and a great crowd as I came through - a streetkeeper secured me, and said, "Come along with me," he took me to the prosecutor, and he had the handkerchief from a man who said he had picked it off the pavement - I never saw my fellow prisoner in my life before.
Westbrook's Defence. I was going over the bridge to Lambeth-street - there were a great many people walking on the footpath - the handkerchief laid by the curbstone - I picked it up, and put it in my pocket - a policeman laid hold of me by the collar, and asked what I had put in my pocket - I said, I had picked a pocket handkerchief up - the gentleman was six yards before me - he told a policeman to go after this lad - the gentleman turned back, and asked the gentlemen round if they had lost anything - the gentleman stepped up, and said, he had lost a handkerchief - the policeman asked if that was his, he said yes - I never saw Daley before in all my life - I was half dozen yards behind the prosecutor.


                  EDWARD 
                  FIELDER
               



            . He was before me.


                  PHILIP 
                  HENRY PARISH
               



            . When I stopped the prisoners, I thought from seeing them together before, that they were after another person, and I thought the robbery had been committed on another person - but as soon as I stopped the prisoner, the prosecutor came from behind them and claimed it.
DALEY. - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
WESTBROOK. - 

               GUILTY
            .* Aged 29.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
