





20. 
               
                  
                     ELIJAH 
                     STUBBINGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Ruston
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  RUSTON
               



            . My place of business is at Salvador-house, Bishopsgate - I am in the corn trade
. On the 14th of November, about half-past five or six o'clock in the afternoon, I was going home to the Kent-road, and before I got into Gracechurch-street, having lost handkerchiefs on that spot, I pressed my handkerchief down to the bottom of my pocket, and buttoned my coat quite tight, but as soon as I got to St. Peter's-alley


, the prisoner snatched at my handkerchief - I turned instantly round; he immediately ran across the road up Half Moon-alley - I had seen him quite close to me before; I followed him as close as I could - a man came out of a shop, and laid hold of him, without my losing sight of him; I accused him of having taken my handkerchief - he replied that he had not; a youth ran up, and produced it, saying, "Here is your handkerchief, I saw it taken."
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q.Was nobody but the prisoner near you? A. No; I particularly observed that; I was walking with a gentleman - it is possible somebody besides him might have been behind me.


                  HENRY 
                  JOHN LEWIS AUGARD
               



            . I live in Shorter's-court, Throgmonton-street, with my father, who is a hairdresser; I am twelve years old. I was standing in Bishopsgate-street, near Peter's-alley, and saw Mr. Ruston with a gentleman; I saw the prisoner go near him, alone -I saw him take the handkerchief from Mr. Ruston's pocket; I turned round sharp upon him: Mr. Ruston turned round at the same time, and the prisoner dropped the handkerchief and ran off - I picked it up, went after Mr. Ruston, and gave it to him: the prisoner ran into Leadenhall-market, and was stopped before I lost sight of him; after Mr. Ruston collard him, he ran off a second time - I have not a doubt of his person.
Cross-examined. Q. The place is well lighted, I suppose? A. Yes; there was no gang or acquaintances of his about.


                  GEORGE 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am a patrol. The prisoner and handkerchief were delivered to me.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
