





1527. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAXTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of September
, 2 napkins, value 2s.; 1 toilet cover, value 1s. 6d.; 1 shirt, value 5s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 4s.; 2 lace caps, value 20s.; and 4 yards of lace, value 10s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Mayo
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  APPLEBY
               



            . I am servant to John Mayo, of Connaught-terrace, Edgware-road


, and have lived there nine months. On the 2nd of September I was left in the care of the house, the family being out of town - the prisoner was employed in all the rooms in the house repairing the bells, (it was the first day he came,) about five o'clock in the afternoon - I heard a noise in mistress's room - I went up stairs - master's drawers were locked, and contained the articles stated in the indictment, with others - when I entered the room I saw the prisoner there at the chest of drawers with one drawer open, turning over the clothes - drawer had been locked - I went down stairs and one of the painters - I came up again, and then he coming out of the room - I asked what he had been at the drawers - he said he had not done any thing, asked me what drawers - I went up to the drawers, told him that was where I had seen him - he said he not been there - I said he had, and asked what he had from the drawers - he said he had taken nothing - I he had, and he should not leave the room till I knew he had taken - I took hold of his coat, unbuttoned it, took from it two napkins and a toilet cover - I found a in his coat-pocket, and two caps, two pieces of lace, silk handkerchief in the bosom of his shirt - he said was a poor man, and asked me to forgive him, and gave card, telling me if I went to his house in the evening would give me 5l. - I said I should tell master as soon as came to town - master came to town next day - I told and the prisoner was taken into custody - on examining drawers, all of them had been opened - I know they locked before - I found every thing tumbled about and - I put the articles I took from him by themselves.
Prisoner. Q. What is the name of the young girl you there that day? 
               A. Ann Ward
             - she was up stairs in room with me - I was scouring the room and cleaning paint - I went down stairs between four and five o'clock was not down more than a quarter of an hour or ten minutes - I was down there five minutes - the girl was not the bed-room during that time - she was out of the case.
Q. Where were you about half-past two that afternoon, were you not shut in the coal-hole with one of the painters? A. I was once that day - I went there to get some coals - great many boxes had been thrown on the coals, which I did not move - a painter came in to move them for me, a boy outside, named Archer, shut me in with him against my inclination - I gave the card the prisoner me to the officer.


                  THOMAS 
                  FRANKLIN
               



            . I am an officer. I received information of this, and on the 16th I met the prisoner in the met he lived in, and told him I had a warrant against him breaking the locks of the prosecutor's drawers - he said he knew nothing about it, but he recollected very well he had been drinking with the painters that day - Appleby me this card - it is, "John Baxter, locksmith and bellsger, Hale-street, Edgeware-road."(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was employed to go to the house to repair the bells - I went there about nine o'clock, and went home about four - next morning, to my great astoliment, my wife told me a girl had been there from the house, (a friend of the witness,) who said I was accused of robbery, and she should advise me to settle the case - I said I should do nothing of the sort, being confident I had done nothing - I went about as usual till the Sunday following, and at about half-past one, the same girl came again, and stood directly in front of my area - my eldest boy said,"Mother, here is a young person looking down" - my wife went to the window - the girl beckoned her, and said, "Is Mr. Baxter at home?" - she said, "Yes, he is, but he is cleaning himself" - she said, "Tell him to go out of the way - there is a warrant against him" - about a quarter after eight the same evening, a double knock came to the door, and the girl came in with another, and said, "It is an arbitrary thing - your husband had better settle it - the officers will be here at ten o'clock to-morrow morning; for God's sake keep out of the way" - they said they were in the habit of going backwards and forwards to the terrace, and would let Mrs. Baxter know every move - I was at home all next day - no officer came - on Tuesday night the girl came again, and said, "Is Mr. Baxter taken?" - my wife said, "Nobody has been here after him" - I heard nothing more of it till I was taken - I was about my business at all hours in the day, and if I was guilty, I should consider the girl would have done her endeavours to secure me, and not advise me to get out of the way - had I known myself guilty, I should not have remained in the place - I never was from home - as regards the card it was eleven o'clock in the morning that I gave it her, in the presence of the painters - I solicited them for their future favours - the foreman said, "Let us see one of your cards," and I gave him one - when Ward was asked her name, she refused to give it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 41. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
