






1303. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     COLLIER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROSE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 16th of June
, 1 purse, value 6d.; 9 sovereigns; 10 half-crowns, and 5 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        Coulson Bell 
                        Pitman
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  ROBERT 
                  PARLAMAN
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Gast, of Oxford-street. On the 16th of June the prosecutor had been making a purchase at his shop, and I had to follow him down Oxford-street; I saw the two prisoners follow him, and when they came to the corner of Regent-circus


, I saw one of them, but I cannot say which, lift up the pocket of his coat - they were close together and in company; I had followed them about a quarter of a mile - after they had lifted the pocket they separated; I did not at that time speak to the prosecutor, as I meant to give charge of them had I seen a Policeman - they met again between Old Cavendish-street and Vere-street; they again walked behind the prosecutor, and when they came to the corner of Vere-street, I saw Collier take something out of the prosecutor's pocket, but I could not say what; Rose was close by him at the time, and he ran up Vere-street - I followed Collier, and never lost sight of him till he was taken; as he was going along I saw him throw something into Mr. Gray's yard.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Were they strangers to you? A. Yes; I am porter to Mr. Gast, the gunmaker - this was about half-past two o'clock; I was ten or twelve yards from him - there was no person between me and Collier at the time.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. If there were other people about him could you see this? A.There were some persons between us occasionally, but not at the time the act was committed; Rose had a dark coat on, and a black hat-band round his hat - Rose was not taken at the time; they were in Company together.
Re-examined. Q. Have you the slightest doubt that Rose was the other man? A. I have no doubt whatever.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was in Oxford-street on the 16th of June, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I saw Collier run down Oxford-street, and into Shepherd-street - Parlaman and another were following him; I ran and took him - they both identified Collier as the person who did it; I went to search the stables, but could not find the purse - I heard it was found by a woman.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Did you speak to the two young men who were in pursuit of Collier? A. I did at the watch-house; I do not know whether I did before - they did not tell me of the purse being thrown into the yard at the time I took Collier; I did not search the yard for about an hour.
THOMAS FARRAND. I am a Police-constable. I was in Oxford-street; in consequence of information I received, I looked for Rose, and apprehended him - I had seen the two prisoners in company many times, but not on that day.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q.Had you ever been in company with them? A. No; I have watched them about the street, and seen other thieves with them.


                  COULSON 
                  BELL PITMAN
               



            . On the 16th of June I had been to the gun-maker's, and Parlaman followed me with two guns to try at Bayswater; I had a purse in my coat pocket, containing 9 sovereigns, and about 1l. worth ofsilver - in going along I felt something raise my pocket like a gust of wind; I put it down, and in about a minute I heard a cry of Stop thief! and my purse was gone  - it was safe just before.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Did you absolutely feel the purse in your pocket at that time? A. I felt the weight of it.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. Had you passed some distance from the shop? A. Yes, I suppose a mile.
Collier's Defence. I deny all knowledge of the robbery, or being with Rose.
Rose's Defence. I was not with Collier.
COLLIER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
ROSE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Life
            .
