



2236. 




MARY M'GEARY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of August, 6lbs. weight of ham, value 4s., the goods of 



Abraham Hyde; and 1 pair of boots, value 8s., the goods of 



Robert Kersey; and that she had been previously convicted of felony.






PHCEBE HYDE
. I am the wife of Abraham Hyde, of Church-street Deptford. We keep an eating-house—on the 27th of August we lost a piece of ham—Mrs. Allen came into the shop with the prisoner, and said she had taken the ham off the window—the prisoner put it on the counter—I asked her what made her take it—she said she wanted to buy a 1/4 lb.—it weighed 6lbs.—I had not missed it till Mrs. Allen came in.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I ask you for a 1/4 lb. before Mrs. Allen came in? A. No.





GEORGE DORSET
. I am a policeman. The prisoner was given into my custody—I took her into Mr. Hyde's shop, and found in her lap a new pair of boots, a bit of pork, a tea-pot, and a new handkerchief—I asked where she got them—she said she had bought them—I found 5s. In her mouth.

Prisoner. Q. Was not I in the shop when you came in? A. No, about one hundred yards off, going away.





ROBERT KERSEY
. I am a boot and shoe maker, and live in High-street, Deptford. These boots are mine—I lost them on the 27th of August from my shop, which is about half a mile from Hyde's—they were about four feet from the door.





ANN ALLEN
. On Monday evening, the 27th of August, about sir o'clock, I went to my door, and saw the prisoner trying to conceal the ham under her cloak—I ran in to Mrs. Hyde, and told her, the prisoner came in and put it on the counter, saying she had taken it up to look at.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not take the ham away—I took it into the shop, and the witness followed me in—I asked the woman to cut me a 1/4 lb.—I shall get justice here; but the Magistrate at Deptford would not stop in the place to hear my case, as my child had the small-pox, and smelt so bad—it has died since, in the prison-as for the rest of the things, they are my own property.





ANN ALLEN

re-examined. She had no child at the shop—I saw her take the ham out of the window, and conceal it under her cloak—when I went into the shop to tell Mrs. Hyde, she saw that I observed her, and followed me in.





PHCEBE HYDE

re-examined. She did not ask me to cut any of the ham until after Mrs. Allen accused her, and she then said she wanted a 1/4 lb.—she was then going away, but the policeman stopped her—I had never seen her before.





BENJAMIN LOVELL
 (police-constable R 15.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at

her trial in January last—she is the person mentioned in the certificate-(read.)




GUILTY
.* Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
