





1292. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HARTAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of June
, 1 snuff-box, value 3l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Augustus 
                           Thrupp
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN AUGUSTUS THRUPP. I am a coach-maker
. On the 8th of June, about five minutes past five o'clock, I was looking into a print-shop in St. James'-street


, and felt something touch me - I put my hand to my pocket, and missed my snuff-box; I knew it must have been taken that moment - I felt the pocket of the next man to me, and then the second; I then walked on, and a person said he saw some one go very quick round the corner of Vigo-street - we saw the prisoner, and followed him, but at the top we missed him; we went to Piccadilly, and saw him again - I saw an officer, and we followed him on to Vine-street, where I seized him, and said, "You have my snuff-box;" he said, "Yes, I have" - I said, "Give it me;" he said, "Here it is:" the officer then came up and took him - he then said he had picked it up; it had been in my right-hand coat pocket.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is it not possible you might have dropped it? A. No, it is impossible; I had had it in my hand just before, and if it had fallen on the stones I must have heard it - my hand had not been off my pocket a minute, as I am always suspicious of these places; I had been looking at some caricatures: there is a bruise on the snuff-box, from a fall.


                  JOHN 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am a clerk to a solicitor. I saw the prosecutor standing at the window; the prisoner and another came up - I had suspicion that the other was a thief; they pressed against me: I watched, and saw the prisoner take something out of the prosecutor's right-hand coat pocket, but I could not see what it was - I was confused, and did not take him; I followed him with the prosecutor into Piccadilly - the prosecutor took him, and asked for the box; he said, "I have it - here it is."
Cross-examined. Q.Were you present when he gave the prosecutor the box? A. Yes; I did not see the prosecutor search two other persons, to my recollection - he did feel one person's pocket, I believe, but he was not an instant about it.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up, and the prosecutor came to me at the corner of St. James'-court - I said, "I have picked one up," and he said it was his.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
