




3469. 




JOHN SMITH
 and 




JAMES WILLIAMS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of October, 1 pair of boots, value 5s., the goods of 



Edward Towell; and that they been before convicted of felony,






JAMES ANDREWS
 (police-constable M 45.) I was in High-street, Borough, near the Town Hall, on the evening of the 10th of October, about eight o'clock, and saw the prisoner both together—I watched them—they went to the door of Mr. Towell's shop—I saw Williams jump up at the side of the door and unhook a pair of boots, and they both ran away down Fishmonger-alley—I and Vickers ran down Red-cross-street, and met them—I took William and took one boot from him.

Smith. I had met this young man, who asked me to buy a pair of boots—I said I did not want them—he gave me one to look at, and was taken.

Williams. I was coming past Mr. Towell's at half-past seven o'clock, and I saw a pair of boots about four yards from the shop—I did not know whom they belonged to. Witness. They were nine feet high—he got on a piece of board that projected out about three feet high, and then reached up—I knew both the prisoner before.





GEORGE VICKERS
 (police-constable L 54.) I was with Andrews, and saw the prisoner together—I saw William lay hold of the iron of a blind to assist himself in getting up, and take down, a pair of boots—I went with Andrews, and took Smith, who had this boot in his pocket—when I took him he began to pull it out.





JOSEPH SPRINGETT
. These boots are the property of my employer, Mr. Edward Towell—I saw them safe at seven o'clock in the evening, hanging over the door outside, about nine feet from she ground—no one could take them without getting up—we go up steps to put them up.

Williams. Q. How can you swear to them? A. They are a particular make—I had hung them up myself, at seven o'clock in the evening.

Guilty.






JAMES ANDREWS
. I produce the certificate of the two prisoners' former convictions, which I got from Surrey.(read&.)

SMITH—


GUILTY
.* Aged 21.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
.* Aged 18.




Transported for seven Years.
