





1022. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     ANDREWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of May
, 65 yards of silk, value 8l., the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        Lee
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
GEORGE LEE. I am a silk-weaver
, and live in Quaker-street, in the parish of Christ Church, Spitalfields


, it is my dwelling-house; the prisoner lodged and victualled there, and slept with me; on the 13th of May I went out at half-past eight o'clock at night, leaving sixty-five yards of silk in my loom, it was made; the prisoner was not at home when I went out; I returned at five minutes past ten o'clock; I then missed the sixty-five yards of silk from the shop, it was worth eight pounds - I have never found any of it, I had bolted the street door when I went out.


                  MARY 
                  LEE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's mother - I left home about twenty-five minutes before nine o'clock that night, the prisoner was not at home then - I returned in half an hour I then heard a noise in the shop, I called"Who is there?" the prisoner made an answer, "It is me mother Lee," I said, "I will come up and make your bed in a minute" - he said, "Never mind, I will make it myself" - I went into the chamber, pulled off my bonnet, and shawl, and the prisoner called down - "I have made the bed mother Lee;" in the course of a quarter of an hour, I heard a rumbling noise in the shop, and then I heard the prisoner run down stairs; I said to my husband"Frank is gone down," I then heard another foot creeping down stairs, a woman who was looking out at window said, "Yes, he is gone down, but he is not gone out forwards but backwards" - we then went up into the shop and missed the silk.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  JANE LEE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's sister - while my mother was out, I went up stairs for a light; I called to know who was there, and the prisoner answered"It is me Bet."


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's father - my wife and I went out at twenty-five minutes before nine o'clock, and returned in half an hour; I locked the shop door myself and brought the key down for my daughter to take care of till we returned; when my wife came home, she heard what she has stated, and called to know who was there, and the prisoner answered - my daughter had told us Frank was there - I sat down and was going to supper, when I heard a rumbling noise in the shop - I then heard the prisoner run down stairs, I then went into the shop and missed the silk.


                  MARGARET 
                  HEWEY
               



            . I lodge in the house - I heard the prisoner answer Mrs. Lee, and then I heard him go down stairs, and another with him - I looked out at the front window, and saw no one, but, I heard the back-door unbolt - there are several yards which go into one at the back; we then missed the silk.

Prisoner. That is the way I generally go out, as my father and mother live next door.


                  GEORGE 
                  SEAMAN
               



             (police-constable H 150). I received information, and went to the work shop - I found the work had been cut off by a left-handed man, and I have ascertained that the prisoner is left-handed; I then went to several public-houses in search of the prisoner; but could not find him till ten minutes before one o'clock, when he was coming home.
Prisoner's Defence. I came home at half-past nine o'clock- I went up stairs, but my bed was not made - Mr. Lee and his wife came home directly afterwards, and asked who was in the shop; I told them it was me - I then went and had a pint of beer, and when I was coming back, I was taken - this is the third time these people have been accused, and no doubt they have taken the silk and sold it - I have worked twelve months in their shop; they make yards and yards of silk and sell it.
MARY LEE. I was robbed in a house I lived in before this one; I was out, and some one broke in, and cut the silk; but the neighbours stopped it; it was not taken away.


                  John 
                  Jones
               



            , of Anchor-street; 
               
                  William 
                  Gates
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Gordon
               



            , gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
