



1315. 




WILLIAM CROSSLEY
 was indicted

 for a misdemeanor.





MARY ELLIOTT
. I am the wife of Robert Elliott, and live in Coley-street, Bethnal-green. On. the 14th of December, I was in Fleet-street—the prisoner came up to me; he stooped down, and said to me, "I have picked up something"—he then said, "It is a pair of ear-rings and two rings"—he looked at them, and said they were gold; he said, there was a bill, but he could not read it—I did—it was not headed, but the amount was £5 17s. 6d.—he said he had been out of work for two years, and had famed no money; that he had come to down to see an old master who had done a great deal for him, and was going to send him into the country—he then left me, and a respectable man came by me, and kicked with his foot against a piece of paper, and he said to me, "I thought I had found a prise; I have Just seen a footman, who told me that a carriage-lady has lost a pair of ear-rings and a mourning and a wedding ring, and there will be a reward offered for them to-morrow or next day"—I said, "I have just seen a man who has picked them up, and he is gone one of these streets"—he said there would be a reward of 2l. or 3l., and it would be advertised—he then went away—the prisoner then overtook me again, and said, "You are the person who was kind enough to read the hill for me?"—I said, "Yes"—he then said, "I have Just learned, that there will be a reward of from 2l. to 3l. for it; but I cannot wait for the reward; I shall go to my old master, and offer him them for 25s.; but you saw me pick them up, and you have a right to buy them"—I said, "I have no money"—he said, could not I raise it—I said, no; but if he would go with me to my relation's in Bishopagate-street, I would raise it—he said, "You have a good cloak on, what do you think you can raise on that?"—I said, "I don't know"—he then said, what would I give him,

I said, what should I give him? he said, 16s.—I said I would—he asked me where I lived; I told him, and he said he would call at three o'clock—I then went to a pawnbroker, and asked him to lend 11s. on my cloak—they would lend but 5s.—went out again and told the prisoner; he said, that would not do; but he said, "I will tell you what, I will take the 5s., and call on you for the 11s."—I took the clock in, and they gave me 4s. 11 1/2., which I gave the prisoner—there was one half-crown, two shillings, and eleven pence half-penny—he gave me the rings, and I parted with him—I went to my relations in Bishopagate-street and asked them to lend me 11s. as I had met with something that I thought would be a little advantage to me—my relation looked at them and laughed, and said, I had met with a sharper.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had the reward any thing at all to do with your taking these things? A. Not at all; but I took them expecting the reward—I thought I should get a little by it—the respectable man's telling me that there would be a large reward offered, was a very great encouragement to me to part with my money—I most likely should not have done it if I had not heard of the reward.

COURT, Q. The prisoner told you they were gold? A. Yes; and that was the reason why I agreed to give the money—I then went and showed them to a jeweller in Bishopsgate-street, who said they were not gold, and I might get sixpence for them.





WILLIAM GROCO
. I bought these rings of Mrs. Elliott, and gave her 6d. for them—this on one of the rings—I sold the ear-rings for 6d. 


GUILTY
. Aged 41.—


Transported for Seven Years.
