



1064. 




THOMAS MANNING
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
20th of March, 4 shawls, value 30s., the goods of 



Barnard Byrns.







BARNARD BYRN
. I am a licensed hawker. I was at the Boot, in Milton-street—I had four shawls, tied up in a paper parcel—I was sitting in the tap-room—I did not see the prisoner come in—he was in the house—I put my parcel either on the seat or on the table, it was between four and five o'clock—I did not see the prisoner at all—I do not know who took the parcel—I have not found it since—I did not hear Mrs. Martin say she saw two persons go out with it.





REUBEN MARTIN
. I was landlord of the public-house, but have left it since. I remember the prosecutor being there—he went to light his pipe; and while he was gone towards the fire, to light it, the prisoner, who was the waiter, came up to the table, took the brown paper parcel off the seat, and went towards the bar with it—I thought he was bringing it to the bar for safety—when the prosecutor returned from lighting his pipe, he asked if I had seen the parcel—I said, "Yes; I saw Thomas, the waiter, take it to the bar, and I believe it is all safe, or all right, but I will inquire"—I went to the bar, and made inquiry—I am quite sure I saw the prisoner take it away—I do not know what became of it—he went out of the tap-room, towards the bar, and might have left the house without my seeing him—when he returned to the room, I asked what he had done with the parcel—he asked what parcel I meant—I said I meant Byrn's parcel, which he took off the seat—he said he knew nothing about it—I said, "You do know something about it; I saw you take it off the seat, and I will make you find it"—he was my pot-boy—it has never been found.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was it not his duty to more away parcels, when he saw nobody near them, to take care of them? A. Yes; I had been to the bar, and asked the bar-man if he had left it there—he said "No"—the prisoner came in in half an hour, and said he knew nothing about it.





JOHN READ
. I was in Maltin's bar. I saw the prisoner bring the parcel out of the tap-room, and go round the bar towards the kitchen with it—I did not see what he did with it; but there had been a confusion about it—Mrs. Martin came down, and asked me what was the matter—I said Byrn had lost a paper parcel, and that the prisoner had told me that he, and one Brown, had put it by, for the sake of getting something to drink, out of Byrn—he had told me that.





THOMAS SEAL
. I received information of the loss of the parcel, and took the prisoner in charge at the Boot. I told him I took him for stealing a parcel containing four shawls—he said, with an oath, that he would serve Martin out for giving him in charge—he made violent resistance—I was surrounded by about a dozen thieves, but succeeded at last in getting him to the station-house.

Prisoner. Martin and the prosecutor were there, and nobody heard those expressions but the witness—I never said any such thing as that I would serve Martin out.





REUBEN MARTIN

re-examined. I have known him nearly twelve months—he is an honest character—he behaved very well, and was a faithful servant to me.
(Henry Grimes, licensed victualler, Eldon-street, Moorfields; Dominic Fielding, broker, Gloucester-street, Commercial-road; Patrick Burke, Redcross-street; William Phillips, comb-maker, Adam and Eve-place; Charles Ryan, tailor, White-street, Goswell-street; William Riley, labourer;

and John Duffey, Golden-lane, gave the prisoner a good character; but it appeared that he had been several times in custody.)




GUILTY
.* Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Second Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
