





120. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     POWER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of October
, 1 watch, 3l.; 1 piece of ribbon, value 1d.; 1 watch-key, value 2d.; 15 shillings, and 4 sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Felix 
                           Mullon
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
FELIX MULLON. I lodge at No. 3, Sun-court, Ratcliff-highway. The prisoner came home in the same ship with me from the Britannia, with a bad character; he had been sent on shore at Chatham - I had been paid off, and fell in with him at the Brown Bear, Ratcliff-highway - I treated him with several pots of beer, because I pitied him, and gave him his dinner; he then invited me to go and see his friends on Saffron-hill - I went to his fathers, but he would not let me in - he then took me to his sister - we had several pots of beer there, but there were a great many persons there - I was a little drunk; we then went to a public-house, and had something to drink, and then he took me to his sister's to sleep; I went there, and sat down on a chair, and half a gallon of beer was fetched - I was lying on a chair dozing to go to sleep, and the prisoner struck me a blow in my mouth, and while I was down he took my watch, which was worth 3l., two £5 notes, and seventeen shillings in silver from me - he kicked me on the thigh, which was black for a week after - when he had got the bettermost of me, and had taken my money, he blew the light out and ran off; it was then about one o'clock - I got down stairs as fast as I could and followed him, but I lost him - I described him to the police, and they took him - I am sure I had my watch and notes that night, and I had changed a sovereign and had 16s. or 17s. in my pocket; all I had spent was what we drank in beer- this is my watch.
Prisoner. He had no £5 notes; I was only indicted for stealing a watch; he was drinking till one o'clock in the morning, and then he wanted to go to Poplar - I told him he might stop and sleep with me - he said,"If you will mind my watch and money, you may have it" - he gave them to me, and then in ten minutes he wanted it again - I said he should not have it till the morning - I went down stairs, and he sung out "Robbery and murder."Witness. No; he knocked me down, and took if from me, and ran down stairs - I followed him till he turned some corner, and I could not find him.


                  REUBEN 
                  BEADLE
               



             (police-constable G 75). About one o'clock, I heard a noise, and ran down Saffron-hill - I saw the prosecutor, who said he had lost a watch, two £5 notes, and the change of a sovereign - I went to the house and found his hat in the room; he appeared to have been been drinking, but was not much intoxicated - he gave me a description of the man, and I found the prisoner standing at the end of a court in Saffronhill - I said, "You are the person I want," and he said, "I know what you want" - I was going down with him, and met his sister, who said to him, "You thief, you have robbed the man" - I do not think he said a word.
Prisoner. Did I not tell you I had the man's watch and money safe? Witness. No; you said no such words - the prosecutor appeared to have received a blow in his face.


                  DANIEL 
                  HUMPHRIES
               



             (police-constable G 74). I heard that a sailor had been robbed; I went down and found the last witness with the prisoner - I saw something in his pocket; I put my hand in and found fifteen shillings, four sixpences, and this watch - the prisoner then said, "I have got his watch and money" - the prosecutor said,"That is the man that robbed me - I give him in charge."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
