






1907. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MEAD
                  





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of July

, 2 pairs of ear-rings, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hill
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a jeweller
, and live in St. James'-place, Clerkenwell



. On the 30th of July the prisoner came to my house, and wished to have two or three pairs of ear-rings, to show a lady in Old-street-road - he was almost a stranger to me; I called my lad, and sent him with him, and two pairs of ear-rings, telling him to bring back the goods, or the money - the lad returned in about two hours, and said the prisoner had run away; he brought neither the money nor the goods back - the goods were not entrusted to the prisoner, but to the apprentice, and these directions were given him.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLIAM CAMPION
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Hill. On the 30th of July my master gave me the goods to go with the prisoner - I went with him as far as the Old Fountain, in the City-road; as we were going along, he told me he had agreed with my master, that I was to stay outside, as if I went in the lady would not buy them, thinking he did not manufacture them - when I got to the door, he said, "Wait here, and I will return in five minutes; I will not detain you longer;" he took the goods out of my hand - I waited about twenty minutes, and then I went in, and inquired if there had been a person there to show two pairs of ear-rings; they said there had not - I gave them to the prisoner, not to keep, but to return one pair, and the money for the other.
Prisoner. I told Mr. Hill that I did not know whether I should be able to pay him the money down, as I did not know whether I should get it.
MR. HILL. So far from that, there was a suspicion expressed that all was not right, and I said my lad must go with him, and not lose sight of the goods.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MITCHELL
               



             (Police-constable K 5.) I took the prisoner at the Green Man, James-street, Commercial-road - I found on him one pair of gold ear-rings, a number of duplicates, and one duplicate torn up.
MR. HILL. This is one pair of the ear-rings which I sent on that occasion.


                  JOHN 
                  BENT
               



             (Police-constable K 20.) I was called into the house where the prisoner was taken - I found a orn duplicates on the ground, and by means of that I found another pair of ear-rings.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARNES
               



            . I live at Mr. Dexter's, a pawnbroker, in Whitechapel. I took in these ear-rings of the prisoner; I lent 25s. on them - they are worth about 2l.; I asked how he came by them; he said he was a jeweller, and in the habit of selling them at private houses - I had taken a ring or two of him before, and thought he was a jeweller - he gave the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Williams
               



            , No. 2, Cleveland-street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
1908. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  MEAD
               



             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of July

, 3 rings, value 10s.; 2 watchkeys, value 8s., and 2 lockets, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Sumner
                  



               
            .
MARY SUMNER. I keep a shop
 in Church-row, Houndsditch



. I lost the articles stated on the 28th of July - the prisoner had come there the day before, and he came again that day: he asked me if I would allow him to have some rings and plated goods to show to a captain of a ship, from whom he was likely to get extensive orders, and he was to meet him at the Crown and Anchor, in Storey-street; he asked if I would allow my apprentice to go with him; I said Yes, and I gave the articles stated to the apprentice, telling him not to leave them with him, nor to allow him to take them into an adjoining room - he was to bring back the goods or the money; the prisoner was to have paid 1l. 5s. 6d. for them.


                  ROBERT 
                  BRITTEN
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Sumner. I went with the prisoner on the 28th of July, and was ordered not to leave the prisoner, but to bring back the goods or the money - when we got to the Crown and Anchor, he asked me to let him have them to take in to the captain, for if I went in the captain would think he did not make them himself; I let him have them, and in about two minutes a young man came, and asked if he belonged to me, as he had run away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANDERTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I produce two lockets and a ring, which were pawned by the prisoner, on the 30th of July, in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Williams
               



            , No. 6, Cleveland-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a ring which I took in of the prisoner on the 28th of July, in the name of Williams.
MRS. SUMNER. These are my property - there were more articles, but these are all that have been found.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years for each offence
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner for a similar offence.
