




2416. 




WILLIAM DUNDERDALE
 and 



JAMES WARRINGTON
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
21st of August, 1 handkerchief, value 3s. the goods of 



Francis Joseph Humbert, from his person.






FRANCIS JOSEPH HUMBERT
. I live in Oxford-street. On Wednesday, the 21st of August, I was at Pinner races, near Harrow—I had a pocket-handkerchief in my left coat-pocket—I took my stand opposite the wining-post—as the horses came in, there was a general rush—I felt a tug, and on looking round, the officer had the prisoner Dunderdale in custody—I found my handkerchief was gone out of my pocket—I have not seen it since.





JOHN LARKIN
. I am an officer. I was near to the winning-post—I saw Dunderdale lean on the gentleman's back, and the other prisoner close against him—I saw Dunderdale lift the gentleman's coat, take the handkerchief out, and pass it to Warrington—I took Dunderdale, and tried to take Warrington, but he got into the crowd and got away.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Have you not given an account of this before? A. Yet—It was not that after I had laid hold of Dunderdale. I saw him pass the handkerchief; if I have sworn otherwise, I have-sworn falsely—this is my signature—(looking at his deposition)—this was-read over to me—(read)—"I saw Dunderdale lean up against the prosecutor, lift up the flap of his coat, and take out a handkerchief, upon which I laid hold of him, he instantly passed the handkerchief to Warrington, who ran away."—I did not tell Atkins it was a man named Painter to some the handkerchief was passed-Painter was taken by Atkins—I had some conversation with Atkins—I do not know if it was in consequence of that he took Painter—I have not found the handkerchief.

Dunderdale. Q. What was the reason yon put your hand into my Pocket, and said, "Give me that handkerchief?" A. I said no such thing.





CHARLES JAMES MURRAY
. I am constable of Uxbridge. I took Dunderdale—he broke out of the cage.

Dunderdale's Defence. When he took me, he said, "What did you take from that gentleman's pocket?" and he asked the gentleman if he lost any thing, he said, yes, his handkerchief—he said, "This chap


here has got it"—he felt my pockets, and took me—then they went and searched Painter.

ATKINS. I am an officer. I searched Painter, not in consequence of what Larkin told me, but in consequence of Warrington going towards Painter.

DUNDERDALE—


GUILTY
. *** Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.

WARRINGTON—


NOT GUILTY
.
