






1563. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HINKS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HICKFORD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October
, 1 writing-desk, value 1l.; 1 snuff-box, value 550l.; 1 pair of earrings, value 300l.; 1 Maltese cross in brilliants, value 350l.; 1 diamond brooch, value 100l.; 1 necklace, value 50l.; 1 pair of bracelets, value 20l.; 1 purse, value 6d; 7 foreign gold coins, value 13l., and 100 sovereigns
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Betty Sill 
                     Bezerra
                  




               
            , Viscountess
 du Tagoatry.
MR. LEE conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALDERTON
               



            . On the 12th of October I was in the service of the Viscountess de Tagoatry; her name is Betty Sill Bezerra, she lives at No. 95, Piccadilly, in the parish of St. George's, Hanover-square


. On the night of the 12th of October, a person resembling the prisoner Hickford brought a letter which was in the writing of Hinks - I had known Hinks before, and seen his writing several times; he had lived in her ladyship's service, and his wife is there now - I went to the door and took this letter, which is directed to Mrs. Lacey, who is our housekeeper; she is the inventress of some famous fish-sauce; I handed the letter to her - this was between seven and eight o'clock in the evening; and about a quarter-past nine o'clock I heard that this writing-desk was missing - I saw it again about four o'clock the next morning.
Hickford. Q. Did you not say you could not swear to me, but you believed I was not the man? Witness. No; I said I could not swear to you, but I believed you was the man.


                  MARY 
                  LACEY
               



            . I am housekeeper to her ladyship - I am the inventress of this fish-sauce. On the 12th of October this letter was brought to me; I went to the hall and saw, as I believe, the prisoner Hickford - I could not positively swear to him; but from his dress and size I believe he is the man - I asked if it was necessary that I should send a written answer; he said,"No" - this letter is the writing of Hinks I firmly believe - it did not come from the person it purports to come from; I know no such person - (letter read).
"Mrs. Winch will feel much obliged to Mrs. Lacey to send word by the bearer, what will be the price of one dozen bottles of her fish-sauce, carefully packed for exportation.
To Mrs. Lacey, Yours, S. Winch,
95, Piccadilly. 19, Islington-green.
Witness. About nine o'clock this desk and the property in it was missing; I had seen it safe about five o'clock the same afternoon - the desk was locked, I had not seen the whole of its contents for twelve months before - I had seen the snuff-box about five weeks before, when I brought it into the drawing-room to her ladyship - the upper part of the lock of the desk is broken - here are all the articles stated, and one hundred sovereigns.
Hickford. She said at Worship-street, she thought it was a shorter man than me. Witness. I said I thought he was a younger man, but his dress and every thing else corresponds; his voice seems very much the same.

The prisoner Hickford here put his hat on, and the witness said, "I believe him to be the man."


                  CHARLES 
                  RICHES
               



            . I keep the Bull's Head, Little Thames-street. The prisoner Hinks came to my house at ten o'clock that night in a hackney-coach; he brought this desk with him; he left it there, and went out - in twenty minutes he came back and had half a pint of beer, and Dent the locksmith came in, and I saw him pick the lock of the desk; and Hinks took out a roll of sovereigns; he took fifty out, and I believe he put one hundred into the desk again; he then asked me to take the desk into my care - I refused unless it was sealed up - I detained him and sent for an officer; I gave the desk to Mr. Norman.


                  JAMES 
                  TAIT DENT
               



            . I picked the lock of the desk.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NORMAN
               



            . I am an inspector of police. I received this desk, and the property in it from Mr. Riches.


                  THOMAS 
                  ABRAHAMS
               



            . I am inspector of the police. I took Hickford into custody on the Monday morning - I asked if he knew a man of the name of Hinks; he said he did, and he had been in his company about eight o'clock on Saturday night - I told him Hinks had committed a robbery, and from the description I had received of a person who was with him, I believed him to be the man - I took him to her ladyship's, and Lacey said, from his appearance and his voice, she believed him to be the man who brought the letter - he said he had taken a letter about three weeks before, and that it was addressed to the cook of the house, who was Hinks' wife - he said he lodged and slept with Hinks, and they worked together as paupers for the parish of St. George - he said Hinks came home that Saturday night and wanted him to go out for a walk, but he had refused, and Hinks then left him.
Hinks' Defence. I left work at half-past six o'clock with the other prisoner, he went home - when I went home I found him in bed; I went to take a walk, but he would not go, as he said he was tired; I came out, left him in bed, and saw no more of him till we were at the office - I went out and saw a young man who asked me to go and have something to drink; we went and had a glass of liquor; and from that time I recollect nothing that happened till I was in Queen-street; I was then just as if I had awoke from a dream, and found I had the desk - I then lost myself again till I was near Marylebone workhouse; I then took a coach and drove to the public-house - I recollect no more till I was called up on Monday morning - the man I took a walk with was shorter than Hickford.
Hickford's Defence. I went home to bed; the other prisoner came home and asked me to take a walk, but I declined it; and I saw him no more till I was taken.
JURY to LACEY. Q. Did you let the man out? A. Yes; he had no desk then - I did not see him in a good light, and cannot swear to Hickford, but I believe he is the man.
THOMAS ABRAHAMS. I took Hickford in consequence of what the butler said to me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALDERTON
               



            . I took in the letter and left the man on the door-mat inside; he could have opened the door and let another man in - Hickford bears an exact resemblance of the man; to the best of my belief he is the man.
HINKS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 37. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
HICKFORD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
