






560. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BLOUNT
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of February
, 1 hydraulic-press, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henrietta 
                  Wilmot
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLAPPERTON
               



            . I am a machinist. On the 28th of January I was at Mr. Cole's, in Cow-cross, and saw some steel, which I thought I knew as coming from Mrs. Wilmot's; I went out with Mr. Cole to Peter-street, and met Davis, who asked him for the money for the steel- he said he had no change, but if he would go to the sale he would get change and pay him; we went on, and I said to Davis, "That steel came from Mrs. Wilmot's, and she will not sell things to me; if you can purchase any thing at a reasonable rate, I will have it of you;" he said,"I can get you any thing you want," and used some phrase - he used the word prigged, or something to that effect, meaning that he had got it clandestinely; I could not swear that he used the word prigged - I saw Mr. 
               Wilmot
             the day after this - I saw Davis on the 2nd or 3rd of February when he came to my house with Blount, and told me to go to Blount's premises: I went first, and told Mr. Wilmot of it - I then went to Blount's; I saw part of a press, and made part of a bargain - Blount produced a key out of his pocket, and said, "We can get what you want." or something of that sort, and he asked me if I should like to have a range; the two prisoners brought the press down to my place - Mr. Wilmot was there, and they were both taken that evening.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. When did you see Davis first? A. On the 27th of January; I did not see Blount till about the 2nd of February; I am a machinemaker, but I deal in all kinds of mechanical tools - I am not a friend of Davis'; I never spoke twenty words to him before this - I said Mrs. Wilmot would not let me have things, because there has been a dispute in the family, and the shop was shut up; I cannot tell why she would not deal with me; when Davis uttered the word it gave me a suspicion that he got them wrong; I did use the word prigged before the Magistrate, but I was not quite certain that he used it - I should think every one understood the word, but whether he made use of that word, or words to that effect, I cannot say; I would have told you before if I could have recollected the word - the word prigged is not an invention of my own; he gave me to understand that the thing were got dishonestly - it was Davis that said."I can got you any thing you want," or something of that kind; Blount showed me the key, and said, "This is the thing that will do it - at any time we can get you what you want." or something of that kind, and turned round a little bit of a corner; he showed me a lantern; that was the first thing Blount said - I had known Blount previously to that morning; when they came to my house, and said I was to go and see the press no other conversation passed, but that I was to go and see it; when I went there he showed me the key, then the lantern, and then the press; I understood by the key and the lantern that they were for bad purposes; I had been to Mr. Wilmot's before, to let him know - I do not know what you mean by any person's hand being held up, and a mark being made in it - I never saw any thing of the kind; I did not hold up my hand to Davis, and say "Is there not something else belonging to it;" I did say the press was not perfect - I did not say when the piece of steel was produced, "This is a piece of steel belonging to a press - where's the press, and I will buy it of you;" there was some conversation relating to a press on the 27th of January; and I mentioned to Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Wilmot
               



             on the 28th of January, that the shed was robbed.
Q. Was it the press that you knew had been stolen on the 27th of January, or the steel? A. The steel: there was not a word mentioned about the press on the 27th - I did not know the press was stolen till the 2nd of February, when they came to me about buying it; the answers I have been giving you were about the steel, not the machine- I knew on the 2nd of February they were going to take the press; I do not know whether they took it that morning - I never saw Blount in my life till the 2nd.
Q. Had you seen either Davis or Blount before that day about purchasing the machine? A. I saw Davis on the 28th of January, and he told me he could get the press to sell, but he had not got it - I understood that he meant he was going to steal it, and I told him he might come down to my place, but that was to detect it; I told Mr. Wilmot on the 29th that these things had been taken out of the shed, and that the press would be taken out - I live in Fetter-lane, and am quite sure I never dealt in these kind of things, and no person can say I have.
JAMES ISAAC. I am a Police-man. I took up the prisoners on the 2nd of February; the witness had given me the information that afternoon - I found this lantern in a dust-hole, but no key; Blount said he had never been to Mr. Wilmot's.
JOHN WILMOT. I am the son of Heurietta Wilmot; I have assisted in her business since my father's death- the press was on her premises about a fortnight before Christmas. On the 2nd of February I knew it was gone - Clapperton told me that the shed had been broken open, and the press was for sale; I went to his house, and saw the prisoners bring the press - I have a brother named Charles; he told me on the Friday that Clapperton had mentioned such a thing to him.
Cross-examined. Q. Then no information was given to you till the 2nd of February by Clapperton? A. No - my mother manages the business; she has administered to my father's effects - the shed is shut up now.


                  RICHARD 
                  PEARSON
               



            . On Tuesday, the 2nd of February, we had information of this robbery, from Clapperton; we went to the shed, and waited there to see if we could see the prisoners come - we waited till about six or seven o'clock in the evening; we then saw Davis go up Backhill - he went on towards Clapperton's house; Clapperton met him, and we followed them down to Blount's, and took them - we went to Clapperton's, and got the press.
Cross-examined. Q. Where does Mrs. Wilmot live? A. The shed is in Onslow-street


, opposite to Blount's house - we followed them to Blount's house, and took them; Clapperton was to give us information who the men were.
CHARLES WILMOT. Clapperton told me on Friday, the 29th, that he had an idea that the shed had been opened, and some things were taken from it that were very near the door; I made a guess that it was the steel, and he said Yes.
Cross-examined. Q. Then all you knew was what Clapperton told you? A. Yes. I live with my mother; I told her when I went home - I did not go to the shed till the 2nd of February, and then these persons were planted there to take the prisoners.
COURT. Q. Do you know this press? A. Yes: it is my mother's - it was in the shed.
Blonnt's Defence. The press was brought there by Davis, when I was out, and he agreed to satisfy me if I would assist in carrying it, which I did.
Davis' Defence. I did say I would pay him for carrying it, as I could not carry it myself.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BLOUNT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
