



946. 




ELIZABETH JONES
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
17th of February, 1 sovereign, 1 half-crown, and 1 shilling, the monies of 



George John Loveden, from his person.






GEORGE JOHN LOVEDEN
. I am clerk to Mr. Edwards, an ironmonger, in Poland-street, Oxford-street. On Saturday, the 17th of February, I had walked a great distance collecting my accounts, and between twelve and one o'clock on Sunday morning I walked from Turnham-green—and passing through Kensington the prisoner accosted me, saying she was drunk, and would I have the goodness to take care of her to Westminster—I said, "My good woman, I have quite as much as I can do to take care of myself, I am exceedingly tired, you had better pass on"—she kept near me, and I crossed the road—she followed me, and kept by my side—I crossed again—she kept staggering as if in liquor, but she did not annoy me—we passed a policeman, and a few yards beyond him she fell, catching hold of some wooden palings—I drew my right hand out of my pocket, and lifted her up from the dirt, and I suppose at that moment my money was taken out of my right-hand pocket—after picking her up I said, "You had better go on, I shall have nothing more to do with you if you fall again"—I put my hand into each trowsers' pocket, having money in both, and missed a five-shilling piece—I said, "Before you go further, I charge you with robbing me"—I found by feeling my money that I must have lost

either two sovereigns or two shillings as well—I called a policeman, and charged her with robbing me of 2l. 5s.—I asked the policeman to lend me the lantern to see if I had drawn my money out of my pocket when I took my hand out to lift her up—I went to the spot with the lantern, and picked up 1s.—I then gave her in charge for robbing me of 1l. 5s.—at the station-house she produced a five-shilling piece from her bosom, and presented it, saying, "That is all the money I have got of his"—she went to make a catch at me with both hands extended, and at that moment dropped a sovereign—her hand must have been in my pocket as I lifted her up, but I did not feel it.

Prisoner. He dropped the sovereign himself when I went to strike him—all I had of his was 5s.—he said if I would give up the money he would not take me to the station-house—I said I would not till I got there.





THOMAS PRICE
. I am a policeman. I saw the prosecutor and prisoner pass me, and about fifty yards further on, I heard the prosecutor say, "If you do not give me my money, I will give you in charge"—I followed them about fifty yards further, and heard her say, "I have got no money"—he said, "I will give you in charge"—he asked me to lend him my lantern as we went along, saying, perhaps as he took his hand out to pick her up, he might have dropped the money; and there he found a shilling—I took her to the station-house—she produced 5s., and said, "This is all I have of his," and as she was making a blow at him, I saw the sovereign drop from her hand—when I first took her she denied having any money at all—she was the worse for liquor, but I fancied it was a good deal feigned.

Prisoner's Defence. I consider the 5s. was mine, he gave it to me; but because I would not go to Westminster with him, he wanted it back.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
