



20. 




THOMAS STEDMAN
 was indicted

 for that he, on the 
14th of Noember at 
St. Martin-in-the-fields, feloniously did forge a certain order for the payment f money, which is as follows:—"4, Hadlow-street, Burton-crescent, 6th of November, 1835—Messes Cox, & Co. pay Mrs. Brown, the sum of 4l. 19s. sterling, and charge it to my account, A. Wedder burn, Capt. and Ltd. Cole. Coldstream Guards. Messrs. Cox and Co. Craig's-court, Charging Cross"—with intent to defraud 




Richard Henry Cox, and others, against the Statute.2nd COUNT, for feloniously uttering, disposing and putting off a like forged order, with a like intent, well knowing it to be forged.


MR. CURWOOD
conducted the prosecution






JAMES WILHELM PYLE
 I am a clerk in the house of Richard Henry.

Cox, and two other partners, army agents, Craig's-court, Charging Cross—they pay orders for money drawn on them by officers, for whom they barre agents; in the same manner as bankers pay their customers cheque, On the 14th of November, an order was presented, purporting to be drawn by Colonel Wedder burn—I have it here—he is a Captain in the Cold stream Guards, and a Colonel in the army—Cox and Co. are his agents, and bankers—this order was presented to me—I am perfectly acquainted with the Lieutenant-Colonel's handwriting—It is not his handwriting, certainly—It is a very close imitation of it, but I am able to say it is not his, from my knowledge of his writing—thee is an attempt at resemblance throughout the whole draft—It all appears to be written by the same hand—It was presented to me by William Dooley, a ticket porter, about two o'clock, or son after—having discovered it to be a forgery, I took instruction from one of the partners, and went to the station-house, and got a police-officer—I desired Dooley to remain is my office—he and the police-officer went away together.

Prisoner. The indictment states it to be Cox and Greenwood, before the Magistrate he said it was Cox and Hamilton—there is a discrepancy there. Witness. Charles Hammers, and Henry Richard Cox, are the other partners—Mr. Greenwood has been dead some years—we act both as bankers and agents—we pay cheque of al amounts—some drawn on printed cheque, and some on paper—a cheque on plain paper is perfectly legal if drawn in London—this is on a stamp—the number of our house is now No. 2, not No. 8.





WILLIAM SOOLEY
. I am a porter at Lincoln's-inn. I was in Lincoln's-inn Old-square, on the 14th of November—I was waiting for a job, and saw the prisoner there—he came up to me about one o'clock, and asked if I was there for the purpose of going on message—I said, "Yes"—he asked me to go down to Cox and Greenwood's—I think he said Greenwood, (it was according to the address on the cheque.) and get a cheque cased—he gave me the cheque—this is it—I believe this to be the paper, but it has been out of my hands ever since—I have not the least doubt of its being the paper.

MR. PYLE. I am perfectly certain that is the paper the porter gave me.





WILLIAM SOLEY

re-examined. I tendered the same paper at the Banking-house, as the prisoner gave me—I remained there till the police-officer came—they paid me in the presence of the policeman, and I and the policeman went away together—I went to the place he appointed to meet me, at which was Mr. Bagshaw's chambers, in Southampton-buildings,—I and the policeman went there together—I rang Mr. Bagshaw's bell, the policeman being on one side of the street, and I on the other—he was in plain cloths—on my ringing the bell, Mr. Bagshaw's came to the door—I did not see the prisoner then—I went into Mr. Bagshaw's clerk's room, and waited there—the clerk's room looks into Southampton-building—I went to the window, and saw the prisoner coming down the steps from the Mechanics Institution, which is exactly opposite the window—directly I saw him coming down the steps, I came out of the door into Southampton-buildings, and told the policeman that was the man, on the other side of the way—I went up to him, just in front of him, and saw his face, and said, "I have got the money for the cheque you sent me with"—I was about giving it to him, when the policeman came up, and took him into custody, saying there was some mistake, and he had better not take

the money, or something to that effect—the prisoner said something—I cannot say hat; but he seemed very much confused, and then he told the policeman, I think, that he could take him to the person he took it of—he then said there was no occasion for me to go with hand offered me the shilling he had agreed to give me—the policeman said I had better not take it—he and the policeman went away together—I accompanied them, after going to Mr. Bagshaw's, and telling him—we went to Craig's-court, and then to the police-station—the prisoner was locked up till seven o'clock in the evening—I am quite certain he is the man—he acknowlodged that he gave it to me.





CHARLES OTWAY
. I am a policeman. I accompanied Sooley, on the 14th of November, to Southampton-buildings, and saw him in the act of tendering some money to the prisoner—I said perhaps he would refer me to the party he took it of—he said he knew nothing about it, it was a mistake—I asked Sooley, in his presence, whether the prisoner was the man who gave him the cheque—he said he was—the prisoner said nothing to that—I told him I was an officer, and he must consider himself my prisoner—he then said if I would go with him, he would take me to the party he received the cheque of—I refused to go, and said he must proceed with me, and not I go with him—I took him to Cox and Green-wood's in a cab—on the road, he asked me if I had not seen him, whether I should have detained the man who presented the cheque—I told him most likely we should, till we had ascertained the respectability of his character—he said, "O thought so, I should not like to see the poor fellow," or "man, get into trouble"—he also stated, that the cheque was found upon him, he supposed he must suffer, but he would not open his mouth to get any one else into trouble—I went in the cab with him to Cox and Company, but neither of us went in—Sooley went in to inform Mr. Pyle that I had apprehended the prisoner, and I took him to the station-house—when the Inspector was taking the charge, he asked him his address, which he refused to give—he was asked from whom he received the cheque, and answered, "From my friend Wood"—when asked Wood's address, he refused to give that likewise—he said, "I wish to give little trouble about it, I don't disown being the presenter of it"—I asked him if he had a pocket-book, or any papers—he said no, he had taken good (or great) care of them—I searched him, but found nothing on him but 1s. 6d. and a knife.

Prisoner Q. Did you speak to me first, or the porter? A. The porter—I have no recollection of speaking to you first—you doubted my authority because I was in plain clothes—I saw a policeman in uniform, and I called him, thinking you might resist—you refused to go with me at first—you asked me to go to the person you took it of—you did not name Wood then, or any body—I asked you, in the presence of the porter, where Wood lived—you refused to go with one, at first, over to Bagshaw's chambers—you did not struggle—I did not hold the cheque up to you, and ask if it was yours—I had it in my hand, and you wanted to look at it, but I took care you should not seize it—In searching, he was not stripped at all—I put my hand into his coat porter, and waistcoat and trowser's pockets, and felt his fob, to see if there was any thing there, and when I asked if he had a pocket, he said, "I have taken good care of that"—he had a full flap to his trowsers.





SAMUEL MANNERS
. I am a Sergeant in the Coldstream Guards.

I know Lieutenant-Colonel Wedderburn—on the 4th of November he was not in England—he had leave from the regiment, from the 12th of July until the 11th of January—he is not in England now, nor has he been since—I am very well acquainted with his handwriting—we very often have correspondence with the officers, and know their writing, (looking at the cheque)—I do not believe any part of this to be Lieutenant Colonel Wedderburn's handwriting.

Prisoner's Defence. I have to state I received the order from another person, with whom I am most intimately acquainted—he was a friend of mine, till he behaved so badly to me in this instance—I received it from him in payment for a suit of clothes, which he pawned, of mine, long ago—he had long promised me payment and paid me the day when I presented this order—there a few shillings to come to him out of it—I was to have met him, and would have delivered him into a policeman's hands—I have since learned he has sailed to Spain, and is on the way to join the Queen of Spain's army—I have witnesses to prove the delivery of the cheque to me, and the consideration for which I received it—I have a wife and family—I ask you, gentlemen, who are fathers, whether you could risk, for 4l. 19s., the awful sentence of transportation for life, which is a living death, and a grave to all my prospects in society?—does any gentleman believe that for that paltry sum I should incur this risk—the policeman can prove I said I did not know they could do any thing to me, and I did not know they could touch me—I did not believe, if the cheque was wrong, they could do any thing, but say there were no effects. I delivered the cheque to the porter, in Southampton-buildings, which I believe is not in the parish of St. Martin-in-the-fields—If I recollect right, the paper is stamped—If the stamp is not legal, it cannot be a legal document.




GUILTY of uttering. Aged 35.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Park.
