





1896. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     MUMFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of July
, 1 sheet, value 2s.; 1 table cloth, value 2s.; 2 pillow-cases, value 1s.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; 1 jacket, value 6d.; 1 bed-gown, value 6d.; 4 frocks, value 4s.; 1 petticoat, value 6d.; 7 pinafores, value 4s., and 4 shifts, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Grant
                        




                     
                  ; and that she had been before convicted of felony
            .
JOHN GRANT. I live in Plumber's-place, Clerkenwell


; I am a wire-drawer
, and my wife keeps a mangle. On the 8th of July I saw the prisoner go into my house with nothing, and come out again with a bundle containing the articles stated; I followed and stopped her with it - I asked what she had there; she said she did not know, nor where she had been; she said it was nothing to me - I askedwhat she was going to do with it - she threw it down, and attempted to make her escape; these are articles brought for my wife to mangle.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CUTHBERT
               



             (Police-constable G 98). I took the prisoner, and have the articles; she had only been discharged at half-past six o'clock that morning, and at seven o'clock I had her again.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  GRANT
               



            . These things were brought for me to mangle; I had seen them safe a quarter of an hour before.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that a young man, with whom she had been drinking, had sent her for the bundle, assuring her that it was his property.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PARRATT
               



            . I was an officer. I received this certificate from Mr. Clark's office; the prisoner was tried here in December, and was sent to the House of Correction - she was discharged in June last; I know she is the person. (Certificate read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
