




930. 




FRANCES YATES
 and 




ROSINA HOLIDAY
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
9th of March, 1 watch, value 38s.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 4d.; 1 seal, value 1s.; 1 watch-key, value 6s.; and 1 ring, value 6d.; the goods of 



John Gaches, from his person.






JOHN GACHES
. I am a steward of a vessel. On the evening of the 8th of March I met Yates in Holborn—she invited me to her home—I went home with her—I was not exactly drunk, but mellow—we went into Gray's Inn-lane—I cannot tell the name of the court—I was very unwell in the house in consequence of having a little too much, and I called for a little something to drink there—I was very unwell in the room—in a short time Holiday came in—I laid down on the bed—I was too unwell to

sleep—I got up again—I took my watch from my fob to see the time, and was ushered out of the house, and placed on a step opposite their door—after a short time I put my hand to my fob, and missed my watch and money—I called the policeman, and in a short time they were secured—I cannot say they were both there when I lost my watch—they were both there when I pulled my watch out, and I am confident I had it when I went out of the room—I lost it outside in the court, opposite their door—I cannot say whether they were both near me when I lost it—the two prisoners took me out of the house, and set me on the step.

Holiday. He gave me the watch. Witness. Nay, that cannot be—I had money in my pocket—I made no bargain with them.





JAMES WILLIAM CRAWFORD
. I am a policeman. I saw the prosecutor come out of the court—he said he had been robbed of his watch, and described the women—I informed several other men of it, and very shortly after I took Yates, and the prosecutor recognised her—another constable brought the other prisoner to the station-house, with the watch in her possession.





LUKE EDWARDS
. I am a policeman. I took Holiday about two hours after the information, and took her to the station-the watch was found on her by a female searcher.





SARAH STREET
. I am a widow. I searched Holiday at the station-house I found the watch clenched in her hand, wrapped in a white pocket-handkerchief.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Yates's Defence. When I met the gentleman, at half past eleven o'clock, he said he was looking for a female he had seen before—he said. "I have got what will treat you to a glass of something to drink, "and he said, at the station-house, that he had his property when he left me—I know nothing of the robbery whatever.

Holiday's Defence. He gave me the watch—I am not the only female he treated—if I had not known him before I should not have taken the watch, but I had seen him before—I left him about twelve o'clock, and was back about a quarter to four—I gave the woman the watch out of my hand—if I had committed a felony I should have did time to dispose of it.





JOHN GACHES

re-examined. I had my watch when I went out of their house—they were both of them near me after that.

YATES—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

HOLIDAY—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.




Transported for Seven Years.
