




2225. 




HENRY BOND
 and 



JOHN CHANTRY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
3rd of October, at 
St. Leonard's, Shoreditch, 1 coat, value 3l. 15s.; 3 pairs of trowsers, value 4l.; 1 waistcoat, value 1l. 2s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 2s.; 1 dead goose, value 5s.: 40 pence; 96 half-pence; and 24 farthings; the goods and monies of 



Thomas Stock, in his dwelling house.






ALLEN CAMERON
. I am a policeman. On sunday the 4th of October, between two and three o'clock in the morning, I was on duty near Hoxton—I passed by the Robin Hood and Little John. and saw a person answering the description of Chantry, going towards the New North-road—he came out of Constable-alley—and soon after Bond came—I am quite certain of him—a very few seconds passed between the first and second man passing me—Bond had a bundle with him—I asked him what he had got there—he said a goose—I asked him how he came possessed of it—he said hand, naked—not covered with any thing—I asked him who that chap was that had passed before him—he said he did not know—I asked how his father became possessed of the goose—he said he did not know, but he believed he had bought it—I asked him how he came possessed of the bundle—he said his father gave it him to take home—I asked him what it contained—he said a coat, waistcoat, and a pair of trousers—I asked him how his he could not tell—I asked if he remembered seeing his father wear any of the clothes—he said he did not recollect—I said I was not satisified with his statement, and took him into custody—I took possession of the bundle, which contains the same things as it did then.

Cross-examined by
MR. MAGUIRE. Q. What time was this? A. About a quarter past two o'clock—he made no resistence, and gave me the things freely.





THOMAS STOCK
. I am a broker, and live in Whitemore-road, Hoxton, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch. The prisoner Chantry has been in my employment ever since the 1st of May, and left me about three weeks before he was apprehended—I went to bed on Saturday night, the 3rd of October, about half-past twelve o'clock—I had a rushlight burning inside my room, and the door half open—the yard door, which leads to the bakehouse, was taken down to be repaired—a person in the bakehouse could come through that doorway into the house—the bakehouse opens into the dwelling-house—it is all under one roof—there is an internal communication—I had five geese in the house that night, four living, and one dead—the dead one hung up in the passage leading from the bakehouse to the dwelling-house—it is a covered passage open to the yard on one side—the goose was safe when I went to bed—I awoke at about six o'clock in the morning and found the rushlight removed—I looked at the till and found all the halfpence and farthings gone—there was about nine shillingsworth of half-pence—I went into the front room, and missed three pair of trowsers, a coat, pair of stockings, and waistcoat, from the drawers-the

value, altogether, is about 9l.—the clothes were all new about two months before—the stockings were not worth much—I missed the goose; on going into the bakehouse next evening I saw some of the tiles removed from over the oven—they were all safe, to the best of my knowledge, when I went to bed on the night in question, but I had not observed them—the opening was large enough to admit the prisoners through—I saw marks of footsteps on the bread-trough—I went and opened the front door immediately, and stated the case to the policeman—I heard from him that they had a man in custody—(looking at the property), these are mine, they are worth 9l—I am sure they are mine—they were safe that evening—the goose was hanging up when I went to bed—I saw it at the station-house, and knew it again by a sack-tie tied round the feet of it—I had not seen Chantry that evening—I saw him on the Sunday evening, and gave him into custody—I happened to meet him in the street—I charged him with this, and he denied it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You do not mean to swear to the goose? A. I brought it up from a young one, in my back yard—the feathers were off—I had killed it myself, and I partly judge of it by the back of the poll, where I killed it—the coat and trowsers coat me 13l. 4s.—they would not sell for what—I should not get 5l. for them if I sold them—I have not worn them above two or three times—I have persons in my employ—I was the last person who went to bed that night.

COURT. Q. Were there any farthings among the coppers you lost? A. Yes; there were about six-penny worth in one corner of the till.





WILLIAM COTTAIN
. I am a policeman. I took Chantry into custody—I told him the charge—he denied it—I took him to the station-house, searched him, and found 2s. 3 1/2d. in copper on him, and twenty-four farthings amongst it.

Bond's Defence. Chantry asked me to go with him to fetch his blue suit of clothes—I did not know but what they were his.
(James Butler, schoolmaster, of Ironmonger-street, St. Luke's, gave the prisoner Bond a good character.)

BOND—



GUILTY of stealing under the value of 5l. Aged 19.



Transported for Seven Years.

CHANTRY—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.

