



1059. 




THOMAS GRANTHAM
 was indicted

for feloniously receiving, of a certain evil-disposed person, 15 winches, value 1l. 12s., the goods of 



Kaufman Meyers, well knowing them to have been stolen against the Statue &c. See page 990.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
PAYNE
conducted the prosecution






ALFRED BELL
. I am foreman to Mr. Kaufman Meyers. He in a cane and walking-stick manufacturer, and has a warehouse at No.10, Osborne-street, Whitechapel—it was broken open at one o'clock on the night of the 26th of February—I had fastened it up myself, at a quarter before nine o'clock—before I fastened it up, I observed some reels there, and had them in my hand ten minutes before I left—I saw the place again about twenty minutes before nine o'clock the next morning (Saturday) the reels were not there—I think I should know them again.

Cross-examined by
MR. DANE. Q. They are reels, are they? A. Some call, them reels, and some winches—I had them in my hand on Friday night—there were fifteen of them, of three different sorts.





WILLIAM NORMOYLE
 (police-sergeant H 15) I was with another officer named Brooks, on the night of the 26th of February, in the neighbourhood of the prosecutor's warehouse—brooks tried the warehouse door a few minutes after twelve o'clock—when he put his hand to the door, it yielded to it—we went in, and not finding any body, we pulled the door too upon the spring-latch.





JOHN BROOKS
 (police-constable H 64) I was with the witness, and saw the door open about twelve o'clock that night.





HENRY HITCHINGMAN
. I am a fishing-tackle-maker. On the 25th of February, I sold these fifteen winches or reels to Mr. Meyers—I know my own work—here are three sorts.

Cross-examined. Q. How many do you make in the course of a year? A. Between 300 and 400 dozen of different sorts—i make many others of the same size and pattern but I had not supplied any other person with this sort this years this is a new article, made this year—the difference is the handle and the scoop being made our of flat brass, we used to hammer them up; now we make them out of round tube, which is about half the labour—other persons make reels, but we were the first that made them after this fashion—we sent some larger ones out.





JOHN BELL
 ( police-constable H 136) I was on duty on the 5th of March, at shoreditch. In consequence of information, I went into the shop of a pawnbroker named Boards, and found the prisoner—I asked him if he was the party who had been offering reels or wheels to different pawnbroker in the neighbourhood—he said no, he had offered one at Mr. Cassell's, in Church-street—I asked where he got that—he said he had bought it of a person he had known for twenty years—I took him into custody—when I got him to the station-house, 1 searched him, and found eight duplicates—they all referred to these reels or winches—I said, "I understood you only one reel in your possession, and now it appears you had fifteen"—he said he bought the seven duplicates at the same time he bought the reel, and of the same person—the prisoner is a weaver.






JAMES COCKSEDGE
. I am in the service of Mr. Cassell. I received one of these winches in pledge, on the 29th of February, from the prisoner—they have been mixed, but I am sure it was one of these—they were produced in Court the night before last—I gave him a duplicate—this is it—it is in his own name—I think it was about three o'clock in the afternoon.





GEORGE ARNOLD
. I carry on the business of a pawnbroker, in Shoreditch. On the 29th of February, I received three of these winches of the prisoner—I believe he gave his name, "Thomas Walker, No.2, Baker's-row"—I gave him this duplicates—the three I received in pledge were produced last Friday night—they were part of the fifteen.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe it is not unusual for persons who pawn to give other names? A. More often than they do their own—this was between three and four o'clock.





GEORGE MACKIE
. I am in the service of Mr. Cotton, a pawnbroker in Shoreditch. I took in two reels on the 29th of February about two o'clock in the afternoon of the prisoner in the name of Thomas Moore, No. 2, Baker's Rents.





THOMAS LORD BEESTON
. I am a pawnbroker, in the services of Whiskard and Norton. I took in two reels on the 29th of February of the prisoner—I advanced 2s. on them in the name of Thomas Moore, No.4, Baker's-row, Hackney-road.





HENRY COCKS
. I am in the service of Mr. Hughes, a pawnbroker. On the 29th of February at about twelve o'clock, I took in one reel of the prisoner and advanced him 2s. 6d., on it—in the name of Thomas Moore, No.7, Baker-street, Hackney—I gave him this duplicate.





WILLIAM SAMUEL CALVER
. I live at Mr. Thimbelby's, in Old Street-road—he is a pawnbroker. I took in two reels, on the 29th of February, from the prisoner, for 3s., for 3s., in the mane of Thomas Moore, No.2, Baker's-rents, at about three o'clock.





HENRY LIEBRECHT
. I live at Attenborough and Burgess's Shoreditch On the 29th of February I took in two reels of the prisoner for 3s., in the name of Thomas Moore, No. 2, Haker's-rents.





THOMAS DICKENSON
. I am in the service of Mr. Miller, a pawnbroker of Kingsland-road—I took in two reels at about six o'clock in the evening on the 29th of February of the prisoner, for 3s. in the name of Thomas Moore, No.2, Baker's-rents.





ALFRED BULL
. Here are exactly the number of winches my master lost on the 28th of February—the different pawnbrokers brought them at the last trial and they have them since.





THOMAS DICKINSON
. I received the fifteen winches, after the trial as Friday evening—I distributed among the pawn brokers their several portions of these fifteen—I have produced two of them myself—they are the same I had that night.

Cross-examined. Q. Produce the two? A. I cannot say which they are now.





HENRY HITCHINGMAN
. These are the same winches that were in Court the other day.





WILLIAM NORMOYLE

re-examined (police-constable H 15.)When the former trial took place last Friday. I heard the prisoner state his defence, that he would call witnesses to prove it—a man and his wife, his landlady, were called, and, in his presence and hearing they deposed, that he was at work the whole of the evening of the robbery, till half-past twelve o'clock at night.


COURT. Q. You were in Court when he made his deafened? A. Yes: it was stated by his witnesses that he was at work on the night in question till half-past twelve o'clock.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you remember the prisoner making his defence? A. Yes; to the best of my recollection he said he was at work on the night in question, and that he would produce witnesses.

Prisoner. All the duplicates, with the exception of one are in the name of Thomas Moore, 2, Baker's-rents—respecting what I said at the station—home to the policeman, I never was in custody before, and was irritated, not knowing they were come by in a clandestine manner—I do not deny pledging the things, I had them of a person I have known some time—he is in the same branch of business as myself—he asked me to pledge them for him—I told him I would—he made that excess as his wife ill, or something—I first went to Mr. Cassell's, pawned one there, and gave him the money—he said, "You may as well pledge them in the name of Moore;" and knowing his father to be a respectable man, who lives independently I pledged them for him, and gave him the money; I afterwards purchased the duplicates of him, and gave him 4s. 6d. for them—I believe the amount I pledged the things for was 1l.4s.—I left the man after that, and went to Mr. Board's with one—I should say he refused it, saying it might lie by him for a length of time—I then took it to Mr. Cassell's, where I was first apprehended—the policeman asked how I came by those tickets—I told him I bought them—from there he took me to Mr. Boards, and from there to the station-house—I pulled them out of my pocket, though he says he took them from me—I have been in the habit of purchasing things which I have disposed of—I have bought cards of master weavers, and sold them down the lane—Jews only buy them to make caps of—i should never have purchased them if I had known they had come through a dishonest channel—I was taken to the office and locked up—neither my wife nor any one knew where I was—I had a slight hearing and was sent back to prison—I was then brought back again to Worship-street—while I was in the lock-up-house. I said to Mr. Brown, "You had better go and apprehend this man," giving a description of the man—I was then sent again to Clerkenwell—I was again examined at Worship-street—I asked Brown if he had apprehended the person—he said "No" and I was committed—I had a friend came to see me here—I said, "Have you heard about the apprehension of this man Elderfield"—he said, "No"—I told him to go to the office and inform the magistrate of the person, giving him a description of the man—Graves the officer from Worship-street, came down to me—I was called to Mr. Cope's office—he brought a little note with him with the name of the person on it—he said, "Is this the person you want?"—I said, "Yes, it is"—he said' "Perhaps I can find the man; I do not know whether I can or not"—he went away, and I never heard any thing more of him, till my wife came down and told me that the man had been apprehended and examined at Worship-street, and they let him go again—as to my knowing the things came through a dishonest channel—I knew it no more than an infant unborn—I understand the man has since absconded—he was apprehended and I could do not more than I did, as an individual locked up in jail.





JOHN BROOKS

re-examined. I heard of Elderfield being taken.





ZACHARIAH PICKARD
. I am an orris weaver, but follow the brokering business. I came to see the prisoner and went down to give information, and Elderfield was taken by the police—I went to Worship-street—I

was not required there; but I saw him taken into custody—the result was, he was not committed by the magistrates—I have been four times since to his residence—I was there this morning—he has since left the place.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you brother-in-law of the prisoner? A. Yes, by marriage—I did not give him a character on the last trial—I was in court—when I left the court I stated to the prisoner's friends that I could communicate this about Elderfield—i went, to try to find, him, at No. 103, Hare-street, Bethnal Green—he is a weaver—I knew him by sight before—I knew him before I saw him in custody—I have not seen him at my brother-in-law's house—he worked for the same master as me—the prisoner did not work for the same master—the prisoner worked for Mr. Le Maire—I did not go to given evidence against Elderfield—i cannot tell whether I saw him in February last—I saw him in March—I have not seen him in April but in custody—I did not speak to him—I had bot spoken to him in March—I have never seen him at his house, but I knew it was his house because I saw him go in there nine months ago—I did not attend when my brother-in-law was first examined—I nothing about it—I never knew Elderfield living in Baker's Rents by the name of Thomas Moore—I never knew him deal in winches and reels—he is weaver, and I have been one.





MR. EDWARD JAMES JONAS
 (clerk of the papers.) I remember Graves, the officer, coming to the jail, before the sessions, to ask leave to have as interview with the prisoner—i think it was there weeks ago—it is a regulation that persons under charge are not allowed to see persons without some body being present—Mr. Cope was there—I do not knew whether the name of Elderfield was mentioned—there was some mentioned.

COURT
to
JOHN BELL. Q. Did you ask the prisoner if he was the prisoner who offered winches in the neighbourhood? A. Yes—he said, he had offered one, and that was at Cassell's—he said he had bought that of a man he had known twenty years—I took him, and searched him—he had not made any communication that he had any duplicates and I said, "I though you said you had only one," and then he said he had bought the duplicates, as well as the reels, from the same person—he never said he had pawned the others—he said he did not know where the person lived, and had not a prospect of finding him—he did not mention his name—he did not communicate about this person of the Elderfield.





ISAAC LE MAIRE
. I reside in Love-lane, and am a silk-manufactures. The prisoner has worked for me since December, 1833, nearly two years and a half—I always believed him a honest man, or 1 should not have continued him in my employ—he generally had 20l. or 30l. worth of my property in his possession—he had an order to finish for me, which he brought in on the 27th of February, about 10 o'clock in the morning.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had not you yourself charged him with having illegally pawned your property? A. No—on the morning of the 29th of February, information was received by my son that one of my workmen was in custody, and had offered some work of mine to pledge—I went to Worship-street, and found it was not so.





JOHN JONES
. I live at No. 13, Hare-street, Bethnal-green, and am the prisoner's landlord. He lived with me for, two years and a half, with his family—he has always been an honest, industrious and hard-working man.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know Elderfield? A. No, 1 have not heard of the name—I will not say whether I here seen him in my house—I came to prove that the prisoner was at home form the 22nd till the 27th

early in the morning—I cannot say whether Elderfield had been in my house within three days.

Q. Will you swear that he was not at your house on the 26th of February, in the afternoon? A. I cannot say whether he was on the 26th of February—he might pass me in the street, and I not take notice—I cannot say whether he was in my house on the 29th of February—I will not swear whether I saw him in my own house five or six times between the 26th of February and the 5th of March—my shop is at the back of my premises—we have fifty or one hundred person a day come in to our shop.

COURT. Q. Was Elderfield a man with whose person you were well acquainted? A. I do not mean to say I have not seen him, but I do not know anything particular of him—I might know him, if I was to see him, but I cannot say "That is Elderfield"—I never heard him callled by that name—I never heard him inquire for any body at my shop—I will not swear anything of the kind.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you yourself call on Mr. Meyers, and tell him the prisoner would be sure to be transported, unless he interfered to save him? A. I and Mrs. Pickard called on him, and asked whether they had a person in custody—they said, no they had not.





THOMAS LARCHES
. I am a ribbon-manufacturer, living in Spitalfilds. I have known the prisoner fourteen or fifteen years—he was always a hard-working, honest man.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know Elderfield? A. I have heard of him, but never saw him—I have not been in the habit of visiting the prisoner—I have never seen him and Elderfield together.




GUILTY
. Aged 34—


Transported for Seven Years.
