





138. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of October
, 70lbs. weight of coffee, value 4l., and 1 bag, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Oakley
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  ISABELLA 
                  CHANDLER
               



            . On the 15th of October, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner at Mr. Oakley's shop, at the corner of Osborne-street, Whitechapel


 - he is a grocer
; another person took the bag of coffee out of Mr. Oakley's shop: he fell down with it opposite the door - the prisoner took it up, and ran away with it; he had been close by the other when it was taken - I took up a hat, and gave information; Oakley and Jones pursued the prisoner; the other made his escape.


                  ROBERT 
                  JONES
               



            . I serve in Mr. William Oakley's shop. I heard the alarm - I jumped over the counter, and pursued the prisoner; I did not see him that evening, but he was taken about a week afterwards - here is a sample of the coffee which was in the bag; it was loose, and the bag open.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner a week afterwards.


                  ISABELLA 
                  CHANDLER
               



            . I knew the prisoner before, and am certain he is the person.


                  EDWARD 
                  WILD
               



             (Police-constable M 133). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction on the 5th of July- I was a witness, and know he is the person.
Prisoner. I am innocent.


                  SAMUEL 
                  TAYLOR
               



             (Police-constable H 83). I pursued the prisoner with the coffee on his shoulder, but he got away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
