






Before Mr. Justice Alderson.
185. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOLDING
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHRISTIAN WILLIAM 
                     ROWORTH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James William 
                           Tyler
                        




                     
                   on the 28th of December
, at St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and stealing therein 3 pocket-books, value 1s. 6d.; 11 black lead pencils, value 3d.; and 2 flutes, value 1s. 6d., his property
            .


                  JAMES 
                  WILLIAM TYLER
               



            . I keep a general sale shop
, and live in Old-street-road


, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch - I have a good many pocket-books in my shop - about eight o'clock in the evening of last Saturday, Kemp the policeman brought the boy Holding into my shop, and showed me three pocket-books - I looked at my shop-window, and found it broken - it had been cracked before, but this was a fresh crack - the glass was perfectly safe before, but I found it shoved inside - a boy could put his hand through the hole; for I set my boy to try, or I should not have through it possible - a pocket-book could be taken out through the hole - they laid at the corner of the window within reach of the hole - the window was perfectly whole in the morning, I believe - the pocket-books were damaged, and worth 1s. 9d.
GEORGE KEMP. I am a constable - I was in Old-street-road last Saturday, and saw the two prisoners and another one with them standing by Tyler's shop window, as if looking in at the window - they left for a few minutes, and walked towards the Curtain-road; and I then saw Holding and the other two cross the road, and observed something under his jacket - I laid hold of him, the others ran away - I took these three pocket-books from under Holding's jacket - he said, "I did not take them from the window; those boys took them and gave them to me" - I searched him and found these eleven pencils on him - I knew who the other two boys were - Roworth was one of them, I am quite certain, and as I took him to the office, he told me they went to sell the flutes, but could not sell them, and chucked them awayin Curtain-road - I had cautioned him not to say anything- there were two flutes lost.
Holding. He made me take him and show him where the shop was.
KEMP. I did not, I took him directly to the shop.
JOHN SHEPHERD. I apprehended Roworth - I told him that I took him for something in Old-street - he said he had not been with any boys, nor had he been in Old-street- I took him to the station-house, and saw the prisoners together at the police-office - I neither threatened nor made them any promise - Roworth said, "The other two boys have got away; I had none of the property, but I picked the putty from the glass."
JAMES 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  TYLER
               



            . The pocket-books are mine; I can't swear to the pencils, they are exactly like what I lost - I lost two flutes which I never got back.
HOLDING - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
ROWORTH - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
Recommended to mercy by the Jury, on account of their youth. - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
