






1554. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     MORGAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BRENAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of October
, 1 purse, value 1s.; 1 sovereign; and 6 shillings; the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Ireland
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Ellen 
                           Ireland
                        



.
ELLEN IRELAND. I am the wife
 of William Ireland; on the morning of the 15th of October, I was going home from Spitalfields market, I had 1l. 6s. in my purse, in my pocket, which I had not spent - I heard some footsteps behind me, but I did not look round; the pavement was rather narrow; two persons then passed me, and brushed hard by me; they seemed like the two prisoners; when they had passed me, I had some suspicion, and missed my purse with the money in it - I have not seen it since.


                  GEORGE 
                  SEAMAN
               



             (police-constable H 150). I was coming from duty at Spitalfields watch-house on Friday morning last, and saw the prisoners following the prosecutrix; when they got to Rose-lane


, there is a house which projects - the prisoners there left another person who was with them, and they rushed against the prosecutrix, and their hands seemed to be down by her side; they ran away, and ran past the house they live in, and up a court - I turned and saw the prosecutrix fainting; I took her to the watch-house, and then went in pursuit of the prisoners to several public-houses, in Whitechapel - when I came back, I saw Morgan come out of a court, look right and left, and then he went into his house - the other prisoner then came and went in - I got my brother officer, and we went to the house and took them, but the landlord of the house prevented me from taking the other person I had seen with them; and I think either that person or the landlord had the money - Morgan has been a most notorious thief for three years.
MORGAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
BRENAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
