





265. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     BEAMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of December
, 1 canvas bag, value 3d.; 4 shillings, and 2 sixpences
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Clarke
                  




               
            .
JOHN CLARKE. I live at Acton, and am a carman
. On the 22nd of December, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I came to London - I had 6s. in a canvas bag in my pocket; about half-past three o'clock in the afternoon my cart stood in Newgate-street, for about five minutes, as I was waiting there for my master; the prisoner came and said the cart should go on - I said I was only waiting a few minutes for my master; he moved the cart himself - I took it round into Newgate-market, and came back to wait in Newgate-street for my master; the prisoner took me to the Compter


 - I do not know what for, unless it was for leaving my cart in the street; he gave me no reason - when I got to the Compter they threw me down, and some knelt on me, and the rest took my money; five or six persons got me in there - the prisoner was one of them - he was the first who was the occasion of taking me; and when he began to shove me about, to push the cart on, I told him not to shove me about, because I had property about me; when I got to the Compter, they threw me down, and took my money: the prisoner was present - I cannot say how many persons there were; I had not a chance to look up; I resisted their taking me in - they kept me from Saturday about half-past three o'clock, until eleven o'clock on Monday; I had not been there five minutes before I missed my money - I did not make any complaint of it - the prisoner was present when I said they took my money; he said nothing - I was taken before the Alderman on Monday; I complained of having lost my money - it was late before the Alderman about my leaving my cart standing in the street; I mentioned about my money being taken from me, and charged the prisoner with being one of them - my canvas bag was produced before the Alderman; the prisoner was there that day - the money was all in the bag when it was produced.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. The prisoner is a Police-officer of the City? A. Yes - I placed my cart along the curb, and stopped with it; I did not kick up a row with the officers - there were two officers; they moved the cart themselves, and I took it into Newgate-market; I was not told in Newgate-street that a complaint had been made about my cart being left there; I resisted being taken to the Compter - I cannot tell how many officers I found there, whether there were six, eight or twelve - there might be twenty; I was thrown down by the officers, and my clothes all torn off my back - I was searched.
Q. Did you say as you were taken to the Compter, that you had about 100l. about you? A. I do not know that I did; I could not tell whether I had 100l. or one hundred guineas, as I had a packet of money tied up, besides what was in the bag - it was my master's, and I had never seen it counted; I found after I got home that it was 20l. - it was all taken from me at the Compter; the prisoner took my bag out of my pocket, and put it into his own, I suppose - I do not know who took the 20l. - I do not know that any body searched me besides the prisoner.
Q. Was any body sitting there as constable or superior officer? A. Yes - it was all taken while they had me down, but they were a good while doing it; I resisted all I could - I could not see what was done with my money, for I was knelt down, on my head; Butler was with the prisoner, but he would not have taken me if it had not been for the prisoner.
COURT. Q. Is there not a board up, prohibiting persons leaving their carts in Newgate-street? A. I do not know; I cannot read - my master ordered me to stand there a few minutes.


                  JOHN 
                  LAWES
               



            . I am an inspector of the nightly watch, Farringdon ward. I was in Newgate-street on Saturday afternoon, the 22nd of December, and saw the prosecutor in the custody of the prisoner and Butler - they wished me to assist in taking him, as he resisted violently, and they could not get him along; they said he had been obstructing the passage - it took four of us to take him tothe Compter - when we got there he was very violent, and they were obliged to get him down to search him; it is usual to search every body who is taken into custody, and to take the property from them till they get before the Magistrate, that they may not be robbed there; he said before he got to the Compter that he had property about him, and it might be 100l., he could not tell; I saw the money taken from him; the silver was in a canvas bag, and there was 20l. worth of silver in four 5l. packages - that was done in the presence of us all; he had the 20l. in his outside jacket pocket - he was taken before the Magistrate on Monday, and a complaint made against him for obstructing the street - he was discharged; his employer came soon after, and took the 20l. of silver - I have the canvas bag; it was taken from him by Beaman - I saw him take it from his small-clothes pocket; he did not give it to me - I suspected there was something wrong, and was convinced the prisoner had put it in his pocket without giving an account of it with the rest of the money - this was just after the search on Saturday; I saw the packages sealed up, and I said to Beaman, "Is the canvas purse sealed up with the rest of the property?" and he said there was no canvas purse among his property; I was convinced there was one, for I had seen him take it out of the prosecutor's pocket - he denied a second time that there was any canvas bag; I described it, and he said there was none - I said I was convinced there was something wrong, and proposed that one and all of us should be searched before we left the Compter; I then saw that the prisoner was confused, and wanted to get away - I followed him very close, and saw his hand lift his great coat pocket up; he pulled his hand out of his trousers pocket, and I saw the purse in his hand - I said, "There in the purse," and he instantly threw it down; I did not pick it up - it was delivered to me; Butler picked it up - this was stated to the Magistrate, and he was committed; we do not usually take a man to the Compter for obstruction, but take the number of the cart, and summon the owner.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been an inspector? A. Above two years; I am not a candidate for a vacancy in the City Police - I do not wish to change my situation.
Q. You have heard the prosecutor say he was thrown down and knelt on, is that all a lie? A. He was on a chair at the time he was searched; when he first got to the Compter, he was knelt on, in consequence of his violent conduct; it was necessary - the 20l. was taken from him by another person, and I believe it was all put into Butler's hat; the bag was in his left-hand trousers pocket - the prisoner has been an officer ever since April; it was generally thought that he conducted himself well - he was taken before Mr. Cope, the marshal, and then he was at large till Monday, when he came to the office, and I charged him with stealing the purse, before Messrs. Aldermen Wood and Kelly; I saw the bag in the prisoner's hand - I saw him take it out of his pocket and drop it; I stood alongside of him - there might be six, seven, or eight persons in the room; Butler stood on one side of him and I on the other - Mr. Teague delivered the 20l. to the prosecutor's employer; Wilmot, I believe, took it from him, and sealed it up - he is a constable of Farringdon; it might be the prisoner who took it from him, as I did not see it taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOULD
               



            . I was in the Compter when the prosecutor was there - I am a hair-dresser by trade, but am frequently employed on messages for Mr. Teague and others; I saw Clarke brought in - he resisted with a great deal of violence; I saw the money taken from him - I cannot exactly say who took his master's money from him, but I saw it in Wilmot's possession - I did not see the canvas bag; a search was afterwards proposed for the canvas bag, and I saw Beaman, with his right arm, pass the canvas bag behind Butler, and I immediately heard something drop - I looked down, and there was the canvas bag behind Butler; the silver was in it - he appeared before the Magistrate on Monday, and was charged with having stolen it - there were several officers belonging to the prison present; there was one to take care of the money as soon as it was taken from Clarke.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you an amateur attending at station-houses? A. No: I do not attend different gaols; I went to the Compter that night, to see if there was any message, and on other business - I cannot exactly tell what; if Mr. Teague has any thing to send, I am there to take it - I was never in Newgate, except when I have been employed there; I was never confined there - I have been to Whitecross-street with messages; I am not in the habit of attending other prisons; four or five officers were present at this search - I am not a candidate for a vacancy in the Police, and never applied for a situation there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am one of the Police. I was in Newgate-street when Clarke was laid hold of for obstructing the way - I was called by the inhabitants to move his cart, which stood before a door; I went up to the prosecutor, and desired him to move on quickly - he hesitated, and, in fact, got quite impudent, and said he would not move on; I told him to go on, and the prisoner and I moved him on - he was quite violent, and kept backing his horse into the road; he moved into Warwick-lane, and threatened to fight for a sovereign, and used very bad language - I told him he was obstructing the road; he moved into the middle of the lane, and said if I did not get out of the way he would run over me; I left him - he went into Newgate-market, he there left his cart, and came into Newgate-street; his conduct was very violent, and I said it was fit to take him to the station-house - we could not manage him; seeing Wilmot and Lawes we begged their assistance, and took him to the Compter - his conduct was so violent, it was necessary to throw him down, for he both hit and kicked; he was then put in a chair and searched - the contents were taken out of his pockets and placed in my hands; that was four parcels, which we afterwards delivered to his master - what I had was taken into the lobby, sealed up, and placed in the hands of the Governor; I did not see any thing else taken from Clarke's pocket - but Lawes said there was a purse; I said I had seen none, and I believe every body but Lawes said they saw no purse, and it was the wish of Lawes to go into the lobby to be searched - the prisoner stood by my side; I felt his hand go behind me, and immediately something dropped - I turned round, took up the purse, and gave it to Lawes.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you unwilling to take Clarke, or were you persuaded by the prisoner to take him? A. I thought fit to take him; it was the prisoner's dutyto search him - it was three o'clock; Lawes only came to assist - I have seen Gould at the Compter at times; I cannot say whether Clarke heard the inhabitants complain of his cart - I wished to take him before my inspector.
MR. TEAGUE. I am keeper of Giltspur-street Compter. I was attending at Guildhall when this happened - when a man is brought in, it is the practice to search him, to prevent his being robbed; the money was locked up in my desk, and when I came home I delivered it to Clark's master; one of the officers has the canvas bag - the officer who brought the prisoner in should search him, and take possession of the property; one of my turnkeys was present.
Cross-examined. Q. Is it customary to have persons brought to the Compter for obstructing the street? A. Every day - they generally take the cart to the Green-yard.
Prisoner's Defence. I never had the purse in my hand, nor ever saw it.


                  JOHN 
                  LAWES
               



            . I saw the purse in his hand.
GUILTY. Aged 33
         




               Recommended to Mercy
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
