





494. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of January
, 1 live tame fowl, price 2s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William Thomas 
                     Roper
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  LINCOLN
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Friend
               



            ; 
               
                  William 
                  Thomas Roper
               



             is his son-in-law, and lives at his farm, at Finchley


 - all the fowls on the farm belong to him. He had lost some fowls, and on the 22nd of January, between one and two o'clock in the morning, I went out to watch the fowl-house in the yard - I saw the prisoner go into the fowl-house, and I heard a fowl, after he was in, make a small noise - he was alone, and had a light in his hand; the door was not locked - he opened it, and walked in; he came out, and walked three or four yards towards the potatoe-house - I then took him, and took this fowl from him, which was alive, and I can swear to it- I also found three dead fowls in a bag of chaff, which he was going to take to town, but I cannot swear to them; he was a carter on the premises at the time, and had been so for a year and a quarter - he had 14s. a week: he was going to take the chaff to town with a load of plants that morning.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMAS ROPER
               



            . I have no doubt of this being my fowl - I did not miss the other three, but the servant brought them from the chaff-bag.


                  RICHARD 
                  WILSON
               



            . I had to take his load to town - I took the bag of chaff, and I found three dead fowls at the bottom of it.
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that he had merely taken the fowl up in his hand, but not with a felonious intent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
