





744. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Keipper
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN KEIPPER. I am servant
 to Messrs. Green and Co., of Huggin-lane; they are dealers in china and glass. On the evening of the 6th of March I was in High-street, Whitechapel


, and felt something against my pocket - I looked, saw a little boy, and at the same time the prisoner ran past me on the right, with my handkerchief in his hand; I ran after him; he fell, and was taken in my presence - when he fell down, this handkerchief, which is mine, flew into the road wide open.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. I suppose you have your initials on it? A. Yes; here is I. K., No. 3.; I did not see any lady walking behind me - I did not bear the prisoner say that a lady had given it him, and said a person before had dropped it - he said so at the office.


                  LUKE 
                  COLEMAN
               



            . I live in Little Somerset-street, Aldgate, and am a ginger-beer-maker. On the 6th of March I was going towards Aldgate, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running, and in my trying to catch him he fell down, and the handkerchief flew from his hand - the officer came, and took him; this was in Middlesex, before you get to the City stone.


                  ROBERT 
                  CARR
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I heard the cry of Stop thief! went up, and took the prisoner - I had seen him run by me with a handkerchief; the witness knocked him down, and this handkerchief flew from him.
Prisoner. Mr. Coleman threw me down, and he said the handkerchief came out of my hat.
LUKE COLEMAN. No, I said it was as if it came out of my bat.
Cross-examined. Q.Are you sure it did not come out of your hat? A. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking home, and saw a man nning along; he dropped this handkerchief from behind him; a lady said, "That gentleman has dropped a handkerchief, pick it up, and take it to him" - I was running on, and this gentleman was crying Stop thief! I did not know it was his, or I would have given it to him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fifth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
