



725. 




WILLIAM BONE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
25th of January, 1 shilling the money of 



Alexander Ing, from his person.






ALEXANDER ING
. I live just by the Swan on Finchley-common, about half a mile from Whetstone. I know Friern Barnet—it is in Middlesex, about a mile from Hartfordshire, I believe—I am sure it is in Middlesex—I was at the Bricklayers' Arms, at Friern Barnet, on the 25th of January—I went there to have a pint of beer—I sold a shovel there to Frederick Hattersley, for 2s.—the prisoner was sitting in the corner when I went in, and he asked me to give him some beer—I gave him some—he asked me several times to lend him sixpence, or pay for a pot of beer for him—I said I had no money to lend—he said he would be d—if he did not see, and he threw me backwards across his knees—hr forced his hand into my right-hand jacket pocket, and then into my watch-fob, and took a shilling—I am sure I had a shilling in my fob—I had seen it there a quarter of an hour before—nothing had occurred by which I could have lost it—I saw it between his thumb and finger when he drew it out—he gave me a farthing and a piece of pencil back, which he had taken from my right-hand jacket pocket—I asked him to give me the shilling—he said the farthing and pencil was all he had got—I said I should fetch an officer if he did not return the shilling—I did so—the prisoner was in company with two or three more at the public-house—he had removed from the Bricklayers' Arms, when I went with the officer, with his companions, and he was taken at a beer-shop, about two hundred yards from the Bricklayers' Arms—the same party were still with him—there were four of them—when I gave him into custody, one of them came round to me, and asked if I meant to give him in charge—I told him I had done so—that was in the prisoner's hearing—the man then struck me violently—the prisoner was taken away in custody.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you lend me fourpence? A. No—he asked me to lend him eightpence—I am quite certain I saw the shilling between his thumb and finger—I saw the lion on it in his hand—it was a shilling with a lion and crown—I was sober.






JOHN SMITH
. I am a Bow-street patrol. On the afternoon of the 25th of January, Ing came to me and complained of being robbed—I went with him to the Bricklayers' Arms—the prisoner was not there—I found him at the Hand and Flower beer-shop—the prosecutor was sober—I see no difference in him now to what he was then—he ran to my house for me, and walked back with me to the house, as sober as he is at this moment—two persons, named Peet and Banks, were at the beer-shop also—I told the prisoner he was my prisoner—he was charged with feloniously robbing Alexander Ing of one shilling—Peet and Banks wanted to return the shilling back to the prosecutor—they asked him if he would take the shilling back which he said he had robbed him of, and they proposed to pay me for my trouble—that was in the prisoner's hearing—I was taking him out of the house at the time the request was made to me and the prosecutor—I told them I could not do business in that way, I must take the case before a Magistrate, and he must decide on it—I did not find any shilling on the prisoner—both Peet and Banks spoke, but Peet was the man who requested the shilling to be paid back—he said, "Will you take the shilling back, and say no more about it?" and offered to pay me for my trouble—no money was produced—I said I would not suffer it—I found nothing relating to this charge on the prisoner—the beer-shop is about two hundred yards from the Bricklayers' Arms—they were drinking a pot of beer when I entered the room, and called for two pots of beer after I went in, which was paid for, but I don't know whether the shilling was paid or not.

Prisoner. We had but one pot of beet. Witness. The one you had when I went in was nearly empty, and two were had in afterwards—I knew I could not prevent it.





FREDERICK HATTERSLEY
. I keep a little grocer's shop at Totteridge. I was at the Bricklayers' Arms on the 25th of January—I had some refreshment there—the prosecutor sold me a shovel for two shillings, which I paid him—I changed half-a-crown, and gave him the two shillings directly—I did not see what sort of shillings they were—I went away before the scuffle took place.





ALEXANDER ING

re-examined. I paid for five pints of beer and half an ounce of tobacco out of my money—I had only one shilling and a farthing left—I had owed for three of the pints before—I had two at that time—they came to tenpence, and half an ounce of tobacco came to one penny three farthings—it was a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes after I paid for the beer that the prisoner threw me down—I had done nothing to loss the shilling—I recollect putting it into my fob, and it was safe till he took it out.

Prisoner Q. Did not you go out and get change, because you would not pay the landlady for the two pots of beer which you owed her? A. I went next door for the tobacco—it was not to avoid paying for what I owed—I did pay what I owed.

Prisoner. I would ask Frederick Hattersley if he did not leave him to pay for it?





FREDERICK HATTERSLEY

re-examined. I paid for some beer—I paid for two pots which he had on the shovel—I drank once out of one pot of beer, and he had the rest—I did not notice that he gave any to any body—I think it was two pots—I paid 8d.





ALEXANDER ING

re-examined. We had the two pots on the bargain of the shovel—I owed for three pints which I had had that week—I work

opposite the house—I paid for a pot that time, and as soon as the bargain was made for the shovel I paid for one pot of beer, and Hattersley paid for two more—we had three pots—I drank rather better than a pint from the first pot—I gave it to Bone, and he gave it to his companions—I only drank once out of it, and it did not come to me again—Hattersley drank out of the second pot, then Banks caught it up and drank—I paid for one pot out of a shilling, independent of the bargain for the shovel, and three pints which I had had in the week time—the men in the place partook of the beer I paid for.

Prisoner's Defence. I never had a farthing of his money, except the 4d. which he lent me—he sold the shovel for 2s., and it cost Hattersley 2s. 8d., for he had to pay for two pots of beer.





ALEXANDER ING

re-examined. Hattersley paid for the beer without any dispute—I did not lend the prisoner 4d.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Life.
(see Fourth Session, page 404.)
