



636. 




WILLIAM SMAILL
 was indicted

 for stealing, On the 
21st of October, 1 purse, value 1d.; 1 half-sovereign, 2 half-crowns, 3 shillings, and 4 sixpences; the goods and monies of 



Thomas Button; and that he had before been convicted of felony.






THOMAS BUTTON
. I am waiter at the Mitre Tavern, at Greenwich. On the 21st of October, I put a half-sovereign, two half-crowns, three shillings, and four sixpences, in a purse, in my coat pocket, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening—I hung my coat behind the door' in the pantry, and left it there all night—on the following morning, I went to look, and the money was gone—I told my master—he desired toe to keep it quiet, and he had no doubt we should find it—the prisoner was porter at the tavern, and in the evening we heard he was going to Charlton fair—my master said he would grant him leave to go—I-went after him, brought him back, and told him what had happened, and that I thought he had taken it—he denied it, and was a little saucy—I searched him, and took 2s. 3d. from him—my master started him, and in about two hours he came back, and gave me in charge to a policeman for robbing him of 2s. 3d., which he said was his money, and he would summons me next morning for it.





EDWARD AGAR
. I was ostler at the Mitre Tavern. Of the Tuesday morning, I was in the stable-yard—the prisoner came, and I heard him go into the dust-hole, between seven and eight o'clock—the prosecutor told me, about twelve or one o'clock, that he had lost some money, and I went to the dust-hole, and found the purse and 15s. in money in it—there was a half-sovereign, three shillings, and four sixpences—the two half-crowns were gone.





JAMES CHAMBERLAIN
 (police-constable R 200.) I was on duty—the prisoner came to me and said he had been robbed of 3s. 3d.—I took him, but cannot find where the half-crowns have been changed.





THOMAS BUTTON
. This is my purse—there was no one in the pantry with me, when I put the money in my coat, but the prisoner.

Prisoner's Defence. I went to Charlton fair, and was taken, but I never saw the money.




GUILTY
.* Aged 18.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.



Transported for Seven Years.
