



711. 




ELEANOR CLARK
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of February, 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, and 1 bank-note for payment of and value of £5, the monies and property of 




George Cooper, from his person.






GEORGE COOPER
. I live in Frederic-place, Mile-end, and am a boot and shoe-maker. On Friday, the 2nd of February, just about midnight, I was a little elevated, and met the prisoner just past Mile-end turnpike—I had been with my brother the best part of the afternoon—I was passing—the prisoner seized me from behind—she began to talk very quickly to me—I listened to her, and walked home to her house—she did not ask me to go—I went quietly on—I think she took me to No. 1, Little Collingwood-street, up stairs—I was there, I suppose, three quarters of an hour—I only gave her 1s., to get a pot of porter and a pipe of tobacco—I had a sovereign and a half-sovereign, wrapped up in a £ 5 note, in my fob, under my watch—I was on the bedstead—I felt the prisoner's hand at my watch, as I thought, and I put my hand down, and the watch fell into my hand—I said, "What is this, how is this?" and immediately I was left in darkness—I suppose it was the prisoner's hand that pulled my watch out—the waistband of my trowsers had become unbuttoned—I judge that was by the operation of the prisoner—the braces were not undone—I missed my money, I suppose a quarter of an hour after she got the pot of beer and the pipe—I did not charge her with stealing it—she was too quick in going away, and leaving me in darkness—I went down to the street's end, and requested a person to tell the first policeman, and in a minute a policeman came to me—I told him, and he knew the prisoner, and knew her residence—I went to the station soon after, and the prisoner was brought, and said, "If you will give me the change, I will tell you where the£5 note is.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not fall against the table, and put the light out. A. No.






JOSEPH CROW
 (police-constable K 151.) I was on duty in Collingwood-street, and saw the prosecutor—he said he had been robbed, and described the prisoner—I took her in about an hour and a half—I told her some gentleman had been speaking to me, who had lost some moneys—I found her outside, in the street—I said a gentleman had been robbed, and wished to see her—she said, if I would allow her to go and fasten her door, she would go—I allowed her to go—I saw she had something in her hand, but I could not get it from her—I saw her put her hand down towards a hole in the floor of her house—my brother officer came up, took a sovereign, a half-crown, a sixpence, and a penny—when she got to the station-house, sergeant Watts asked what she did with the £ 5 note from the hole—she said if Mr. Cooper would give her the change, she would fetch the note—my brother officer found the note.

Prisoner. You asked where I had been, I said I had a man in bed at a house, and you said no, he was at the White Horse.





JOHN HOWARD RAM
 (police-constable K 118.) I assisted my brother officer in taking the prisoner. I took a sovereign, a half-crown, a sixpence, and a penny out of the hole—I heard her say, that if the prosecutor would give her the change, she would tell where the£5 note was—I went to the house with sergeant Watts, and he found the£5 note in a hole, dote by the fireplace.





HENRY WATTS
 (police-sergeant N 21.) I was on duty, and went to the house—I found this£5 note (producing one) under the flooring—the prosecutor appeared to be selfpossessed.





GEORGE COOPER

re-examined. I cannot swear to the note, only having received it that day.

Prisoner's Defence. I met this gentleman at Mile-end turnpike, and went home with him—he was very much intoxicated—I had very little candle and no fire—when he sat down he said he would have something to drink—I went for a pot of porter, some tobacco and a pipe—he went on the bed, and after he got up he said he should like to have a drop of gin—I said I should like a drop too—I went for some gin and a candle—* * * * * * * * * * * * * *—I then found his watch in the bed, and I gave it him—he then said, "Go and get the gin"—I went to look in the bed for some money that I had in my hand when I went to bed, and I found this money—I could not see what it was, and I went out with it—I then gave the publican a half-sovereign, thinking it was a sixpence, and he gave me the change—when I came to look in ray hand I saw this money, and as I came back I saw the officer—he said, "Is that you?"—I said "Yes"—he said, "What have you got in your hand?"—I said, "Some money belonging to a gentleman in my house,"—he said, "He is not there, he is at the White Horse," and I was going to give him his money back again—I protest my innocence of the crime—I had no other intention but to give the money to him.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.
