





1076. 




RICHARD THOMPSON
 was again indicted for

 feloniously stealing, on the 
12th of March, at 



St. Marylebone, 1 basket, value 4s.; 5 shirts value 2l. 10s.; 3 shirts, value 2l.; 1 night gown, value 6s.; 4 curtains value 1l. 10s.; 5 pairs of drawers, value 12s.; 4 petticoats, value 12s; 4 sheets, value 1l. 4s.; 3 pillow cases, value 6s.; 2 table cloths, value 1l.4s., 13 napkins, value 1l. 10s.; 30 towels, value 12s.; and 1 table cover value 6s.; the goods of 



William Chapman, in his dwelling-house; and 





THOMAS PARKINSON
 and 




GEORGE COX



 for feloniously receiving 4 sheets, part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; to which 
THOMPSON pleaded




GUILTY
. 


Transported for Ten Years more.

MR. JONES
conducted the Prosecution.





ANN HARDING
. I am in the service of William Chapman, of Wimpole-street. On the 12th of March, between half-past six and seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner Thompson came to me and asked for some line for the Acton carrier—I gave it to him in a basket—I had never seen of known any thing of him before—Graham, the Acton carrier, had been in the habit of calling for linen—I. went to the door when Thompson came for the things—I did not see anybody with him, or near the door.





WILLIAM ROBERT MAYNARD
. I am shopman to Messrs. Newby, pawnbrokers, Drury-lane. On the 12th of March Parkinson came to the shop, about a quarter before eight o'clock in the evening, and offered to pledge two sheets—I did not hear him ask for any thing—I asked if he was not the person who had come on the Monday previous with two sheets—he said "No"—(he had on the Monday previous pawned two sheets at our shop, and I had put on the ticket the name of John Way—I do not know whether it was Way or Wigg)—I then shut the door, and fetched a policeman, and gave him into custody—I asked him where he lived—he said in James-street Drury-lane.

Parkinson. I did not pledge the other sheets—I was not in town at the time, and at Bow-street he could not swear to me as being the person who pledged them.


Witness. Yes, I did—the name of Wigg is on the ticket.





THOMAS HEDGES
. I am a pawnbroker in Drury-lane. I produce two sheets which were pawned at my shop for 6s. on the 12th of March, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening—I believe the prisoner Cox to be the person—he gave the name of Cox, and said he lived at No. 13, James-street, Covent-garden—there is no James-street, Drury-lane—Mr.
Chapman's name is on the sheets.

Cox. I did not pawn them. Witness. I believe him to be the man—have tome little doubt, as ten days elapsed before I saw him again, but far as my recollection serves me, he is the man.





JOHN BLACKBOROUGH
. I took Parkinson into custody in Messrs. Newby's Shop on the 12th of March—I received this pair of sheets at the same time—he was asked How he became possessed of them, and he said they were given to him—he did not say by whom.





JOHN GRAHAM
. I am the Acton and Bayswater earner. I was employed to call every other week for the prosecutor's dirty linen—I never authorised Thompson to apply for it—I know him by sight, being employed the neighbourhood, but was not acquainted with him in any way.
(Property produced and sworn to.)





JOHF KIRKMAN
. I am a policeman. I apprehended Cox on the morning of the 14th of March in Went worth-street, White chapel, in company with Thompson—I told him I apprehended him for stealing some linen from Brooks's, in Pall-mall—they both denied it—I brought them to the Station-house in Bow-street—before that Parkinson had been apprehended by Poeock—we asked him where he lived, and he said in Wentworth-street, Whitechapel—we went there, and saw Thompson and Cox go into the house—we followed them in—it is a lodging-house—we there found property some of which was claimed by Parkinson, some by Cox, and some by Thompson.





THOMAS POCOCK
. I am a policeman. I saw Parkison in custody at Bow-street—he told me he lived in Wentworth-street—two nights afterwards I went there with Kirkman, and there apprehended Cox and Thompson—I found some clothes, and a dressing-case there, which Park-person owned, and also a certificate, showing that Parkinson was entitled to sixmonth's gratuity from the Queen of Spain—I have made inquiries at No. 13, James-street, and no such person as either of the prisoners lived here.

Parkinson's Defence. I am innocent of the charge—if Thompson is throught forward he will tell you I know nothing at all about it—he gave he the property, and asked me if I would pledge it for him, and told me that name I was to pledge it in.

Cox's Defence. I know nothing about the property—Thompson gave it to me, and told me what name to pledge them in—I did not pawn the sheets—it was three shirts—I met him in Hoi born, and he asked me to pawn the three shirts for him—I know nothing about the sheets.

PARKINSON-


GUILTY
. Aged 23

COX-


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Tansported for Seven Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoners.)
