





1117. 




THOMAS HASTINGS,



 WILLIAM FERMINGER
, and 




JAMES WILSON
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
28th of March, 8 cloaks, value 4l.; and 1 coat, value 5s., the goods of 



David Fletcher—2nd COUNT, stating the property to belong to several other persons.






MARY ANN EDWARDS
. I live in Mr. David Fletcher's academy, in Grove-lane, Camberwell. I have the care of the young gentleman's clothes there—I went into the room where they are kept between eight and nine o'clock, on Monday night, the 28th of March, and observed one of the drawers a little way open, in which the clothes were kept—I missed the clock when I first went to the drawer—I found it empty—it was full of cloaks when I left it on Sunday morning—I know all these cloaks (looking at scrawly)—they were in the drawer on Sunday morning—I could point out to which boys they belong—the prisoner Ferminger lived in the family as gardener at one time he knew where the cloaks were kept—the drawer was in the dinning-hall near the door.





BENJAMIN BUNYAN
. I am an officer. I was on duty in Camberwell-road,

at half-past nine o'clock on the night in question, and met the prisoners Hastings and Ferminger—Hastings was carrying a small bundle—I stopped him, and asked him what he had in the bundle—he said, he had a coat there—I asked, what coat—he said, "A great-coat"—Ferminger walked away—I asked Hastings where he got the coat from—he said from some street in Peckham—I searched the bundle, and found 1 coat and a cloak in it, and when I took him to the station-house, I found two more cloaks concealed in his trowsers round his body—Ferminger walked away—I asked Hastings where the other man was—he said, "I do not know"—I called to Another policeman, and Davis took Ferminger into custody—while I was searching Hastings information of the robbery came in.

Hastings. Q. Did not I say I had a coat and a cloak? A. No—he said a great-coat—he did not say he picked them up—he said he was going to take them to the London-road to sell.





RICHARD DAVIS
. I am a policeman. I was on duty the same evening, on the opposite side of the road, and saw Bunyan stop Hastings—I saw Ferminger ho away, and I took him into custody—I found nothing on him.





JOSEPH ILES
. On the 28th of March, Ferninger and Wilson were in the Crown public house at Peckham all the afternoon—they came into the tap-room between six and seven o'clock, and played at "shore-half-penny" for a pint of porter—Hastings came in and they all three sat down together—Wilson said to him, "Come, Tom, our time is up, we must be off"—they all went together—and as near as eight o'clock as I can judge, Hastings came in with a bundle under his arm, they had gone between six and seven o'clock—Hastings came in alone with that bundle and we sat down—he kept opening the window-curtain and looking out—he called me as I was going out, and he said, "See whether there is a policeman out there"—I said, "Yes, there is"—he sat down, and kept opening the window curtain till the policeman went away—he then went outside, and Wilson came and in called for half-a-pint of porter, and filled his pipe with tobacco—he brought nothing—Ferminger came in and said to him, "You brother wants you"—he said, "I am coming out directly"—Wilson went out with Ferminger, and I opened the curtain, and saw them all three together—I saw no more of them—they went down the ground together.

Wilson. Q. Was it I and Ferminger, or I and Hastings called for the been? A. You and Ferninger—you had a black pudding and a halfpenny loaf.





SAMUEL WRIGHT
. I am a policeman. On the 29th of March about eleven o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Walworth—I received information, and went to the Crown at Peckham—I saw Wilson playing in the skittle-ground—I said, I wanted him, to step out with me—he came out; and when on the road I asked him, if he had seen Hastings—he said he had not since last night—he said he was with him from eleven o'clock until half-past eight o'clock—I took him to the station-house, and took the shoes off his feet I went to Mr. Fletcher's garden—the footmarks exactly corresponded with the nails in his shoes—there was marks of more than one person there—I went to search the house where he lives—I found nothing there; but I saw the ground in his mother's garden had been disturbed—I got a spade and dug up there five cloaks, all buried under ground.

Wilson. He told not coming along the road, that he would make my shoes fit

whether they would or no. Witness. I never mentioned a word about it.

Wilson. The garden lies open for any body to put things in.





RHODA WRIGHT
. At eight o'clock I saw Wilson and Ferminger come down from the Britannia Gate—they went straight home—Wilson had a parcel before him—Ferminger had nothing.

HASTINGS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

FERMINGER—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.





Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
