





367. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SIMMONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of February
, 1 opera glass, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James John 
                     Robertson
                  




               
            .


                  JEMIMA 
                  ROBERTSON
               



            . I am the wife of James John Robertson, who is a furniture-broker
 - on the 10th of February, the prisoner came to our shop, in Hayes-court, Greek-street


 - he came to the door, took an opera-glass in his hand, and looked through it, and put it down again presently after - I went to get an article to show it to a lady - he was standing in the door-way - I directly afterwards missed the opera-glass, and I said to him, "You have taken an opera-glass" - he said, "I have not" - I said, "I am sure you have" - he said, "You may search me, and welcome" - he was going away - I took hold of his coat - he went on, leaving the tail of his coat behind him, and got off - I have lost the opera-glass entirely - he was taken in about ten minutes - I saw him at Bow-street, and knew him - he had the same coat on, and I took the piece, which matched it.


                  CHARLES 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a carpenter - I heard the alarm of "Stop thief" - I was at work four doors off - I ran out, followed the prisoner through several streets, and lost sight of him in Lombard-court - I found him in a winevaults, hid behind a puncheon - I secured him, and brought him out - there was a cry in the street of, "Down with him" - I was knocked down and knocked about, but I held him fast till the officer secured him - his coat was torn.


                  JOHN 
                  FORREST
               



             (policeman). He was given into mycharge - his coat-tail was torn - I received a piece from the prosecutor, which tallied with the coat.
Prisoner's Defence. I came by the shop, and stopped outside the door, looking at the opera-glass - I put it down again, and turned to look at a picture, when up came somebody behind me, and took the opera-glass, which the woman knows, for the lady who was there said, "That is not the man who took it, he has gone down the court."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
