





613. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WEST
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of January
, 1 watch, value 23s.; 1 watchchain, value 3s.; 2 seals, value 4s., and 1 watch-key, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wybrow
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WYBROW
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  John 
                  Wybrow
               



             - he is a chair-maker
, and lives at Lambeth. We were at Smithfield-bars


, at half-past one o'clock, on the 24th of January; we were returning home from a party - my father and I stepped off the pavement to let a gentleman aad lady pass; we were in the act of stepping up again, as the prisoner snatched my father's watch - he was in company with eight or nine more, I should think; he drew it out of my father's fob, and ran away; I told my father he had lost his watch - the prisoner instantly ran; I pursued, and took him before he had got fifty yards, at the most; I took him by the collar of his white great coat, and held him for some time - I had called out for assistance, and a watchman from the opposite side of the way came; I held the prisoner till a watchman came and took hold of him - another man then came from the seven or eight that were there, and took hold of me by the throat; he threw me down on my knees, and the prisoner got away from us - I saw nothing more of him till I saw him at the station-house the same morning - I can swear he is the same person; his hat came off in the scuffle.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where did you take the prisoner? A. Nearly opposite Charterhouse-lane; I never lost sight of him - my father's watch was not found; the prisoner's own watch was found on him; the party was in Northampton-street; we had after that called at a public-house, and taken a glass of cold gin-and-water -I believe it was the Red Lion; we did not go to any other - I was quite sober; he had the watch when I took him by the collar, but the other man coming up I lost all sight of the prisoner - he was one that rushed out of the crowd; he had been with five or six others in Smithfield; he had the watch in his right hand - the Policeman had a watch in his hand when he took the prisoner; I cannot say whether that was the watch I had seen in his hand - my father was not quite sober; he wound up his watch in the Red Lion, and put it into his pocket - he went to the Red Lion on the Wednesday, and I went with him, and I went on the Tuesday after we returned from Hatton-garden - we had been at Mr. Carey's, and left about halfpast twelve o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  WYBROW
               



            . I am father to the witness. I think I was the worse for liquor: I never saw my watch after I left the Red Lion, in St. John-street - my son told me that my watch was gone - I felt my fob, and the watch was gone; my son left me, and pursued the prisoner - I attempted to follow him; I received a blow on my nose, and did not recollect any thing more for some minutes.
Cross-examined. Q. How many persons were in the public house where you last saw your watch? A. My son and three men; I took out my watch before two of the men; the third, I believe, had left the house - I put it into my fob, and never saw it again; I perfectly recollect what I was about till I received the blow - I went to the public-house to ascertain if they knew the young man, who had stood at the bar and drank some gin-and-water; I wanted to know whether he had gone forward to tell any person that I had a watch - I had been to the same house on Tuesday, and then ascertained that he had staid at the house half an hour after me - I called again on the Wednesday, but I merely went in to have a pint of ale, as I was ill; I was sober when I went there on the night of the robbery,


                  JOSEPH 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I am a watchman. I was on duty and heard the cry of Stop thief! I had before that seen several persons on the opposite side of the way, as I was crying half-past one; I went down Smithfield-bars on the right hand side, and came up on the left; I there heard the cry, and saw several persons; I saw the prisoner running; I sprang my rattle, and pursued him; he ran as far as the reuts, and a private watchman, of John-street, came and stopped him; he resisted a great deal, and went down on his back - I was surrounded by ten or a dozen, who pushed me down, made an opening and rescued him. I got up, and pursued him, and when I came up, he was in custody of two Policeman - I am certain he is the person - as he ran his arm was swinging out; and I heard something chink on the stones; he had nothing when he was taken.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you have the place examined? A. I did not come back for an hour; and ifthere had been any thing, it would have been gone; the prisoner was searched; but nothing but his own property was found on him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DRAPER
               



            . I am a watchman. I was coming down Greenhill's-rents; I heard a cry of Stop thief! and stopped the prisoner in the rents; we both fell down, and I was upon him; there came a party, who rescued him from me, and he was taken at the corner of College-court; I never lost sight of him.
Cross-examined. Q. What was found on him? A. A watch and half a sovereign.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a watchman. I was crying half-past one o'clock, and when I had passed Smithfieldbars two or three house, I saw a party of men, and the other watchman was coming down - I went on, and cried the hour; I heard a cry of Stop thief! the prosecutor's son then came to me, and said his father had been struck and robbed; I assisted in taking the prisoner; he was rescued from us - I ran to the bottom of the court, where I met the Policemen coming back with him.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAVEY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I saw the prisoner about half-past one o'clock, in Cow-cross; I was in Greenhill's-rents; I heard a rattle, and ran out; I saw a number of persons running down the steps; I threw myself up, and caught a man, without a hat - Draper said,"That is not him:" I then ran on, and saw the prisoner; I overtook him, and conveyed him to the station - I found a half-sovereign and a watch on him.
COURT. Q. What became of the man that you seized on the steps? A. I let him go - he was going in the direction in which I heard the rattle.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DRAPER
               



            . We were all running down the steps; Davey trod on my coat, and we all fell down - he caught hold of a man who was not the prisoner; I said,"That is not the man, he is gone on."
Cross-examined. Q. Who was the man that had his hat off? A. He was one of the party; his hat had fallen off, but the prisoner threw his hat away - I did not know that man, but I had known the prisoner for a long time, and I knew he was the man I had taken hold of.
Prisoner's Defence. There was no one near me but the two Policemen; the others were not near me for some yards.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
