






1116. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     O'FARRELL
                  





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of April

, 1 book, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Whitehouse
               



            .
JOHN WHITEHOUSE. I live at Chiswick



, and am a publican
 - the prisoner was billetted at my house. On the 7th of April he slept there, and went away the next afternoon - I had a book of utility, which was generally kept in a recess of a window up stairs, which the prisoner had to pass to go to his bed-room; the officer came the day after, and brought the book - this is it.
JAMES COOK. I am a constable. On the 8th of April the prisoner came to me, and demanded a billet - I apprehended him, and found, among other things, this book.
Prisoner's Defence. I had that book thirteen or fourteen months - I received it from Serjeant Allen, of the Worcester militia, at Birmingham; there was not a single leaf cut open.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 59.
1117. 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  O'FARRELL
               



             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of April

, 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 key, value 4d.; 1 stocking, value 4d., and 8 sheets of paper, value 4d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George Gregory

               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  GREGORY
               



            . The prisoner was billetted on me at Hammersmith, as a soldier
 - I do not remember by what regiment. I had some suspicion, and applied to Cook - he was searched in my parlour, and this handkerchief fell out of the leg of his trousers, this key of a beer-tap, this stocking, and this writing-paper - I saw him put the paper into his boot myself; they are mine - the stocking has my wife's mother's initials on it, and this handkerchief was given me the day before.
JAMES COOK. I took the prisoner, and produce the property.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I assisted in searching the prisoner - I saw him take the paper from the mantel-piece, and put it into his left boot.
Prisoner's Defence. I had the paper in my cap - there came on a shower, and I put it into my boot, as it is the custom with the cavalry, to keep it dry; that is but a part of a stocking - I tore it off to wipe my sword - I said I would represent the constable's conduct to the Magistrate, when I went down; I have been thirty-one years in the service, and had thousands of pounds in my possession - I was a serjeant twenty-nine years in the Madras Horse Artillery, and since then have been serjeant-major - the book was given me by Sergeant 
               Allin
             to take to his brother in India; there was not a single leaf cut - I have a good library.


                  JAMES 
                  COOK
               



            . He is no soldier at all, but was on a false route, as far as I can understand.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 59. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
