





1333. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of June
, 1 silver mug, value 18s.; 1 thimble, value 5s.; 2 rings, value 1l. 2s.; 1 seal, value 5s.; 3 sovereigns; 3 half-crowns; 17 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John Mussendine 
                           Camplin
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
JOHN MUSSENDINE CAMPLIN. I am surgeon
, and live at No. 11, Finsbury-square


. The prisoner was in my service up to the 10th of June; he slept on the ground-floor behind the shop, in the surgery - on the 10th of June, I got up about six o'clock; I went down into the room in which the prisoner slept; I found his bed and everything put away as if he had not been in bed all night, or had got up very early - I went into the shop and one of the drawers in which my assistant keeps his private matters, was on the floor; the lock had been broken open; the till in which we keep the petty cash in the shop, had also been broken open, and the prisoner was gone - I then went into the dining-room, and found my escrutoire had been broken open, and a desk in the dining-room had been opened by a key - I missed a ring which was worth about a guinea, and some money, but I don't know the exact amount; I had had change for a 5l. note a night or two before, there was the remainder of that and some silver, to the amount of 3l., but I cannot swear to more - my wife missed a gold seal from her desk, and a gold thimble from her work-box; I also missed this silver mug which is worth about 18s. - the prisoner had 9l. or 10l. a-year, and his board and lodging.


                  DAVID 
                  COLLINS
               



             (police-constable G 63). The prisoner came up to me on the 1st of July, between nine and ten o'clock, in Banner-street, he said, "Will you take me to the police-station?" I asked him what for; he said,"I have been robbing my master, and I wish to give myself up" - I took him; he told me where his master lived.


                  JAMES 
                  TILT
               



             (police-sergeant G 7). I was at the station-house when the prisoner was brought in; he said he had felt uneasy in his mind ever since he had robbed his master, and wished to tell me all about it; I said if he did I should take it down in writing; he then stated, that on the 10th of June, at five o'clock in the morning, he had robbed his master to the amount of 3l. from a drawer, and that he had taken a silver mug which he had pawned at Chatham - I went there and found it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 17. - 


               Value 99s. only
            .
Recommended to Mercy. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
