





2089. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  COOK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of October
, 1 pair of stockings, value 1s., and 1 sovereign, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Foy
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN FOY. I live in Falconburgh-court. Soho. On the 4th of October I was taken to the watch-house for an assault - I was locked in a cell; the prisoner was there -I sat down on one of the forms, and the prisoner took a sovereign from my pocket, and the stockings off my feet; I had never been in a watch-house before, and I did not know that I could get assistance if I had called for it; I did not make any resistance, as I thought he would have thrown the things away - there were other persons there, and one man took my stockings from the prisoner - when the cell was opened I pointed out the prisoner as the person who had robbed me.
Prisoner. There was an Irishman in the watch-house, and he said if I did not take off the stockings he would give me a good thumping all round; the stockings were wet, and he said, "Put on him my dry ones." Witness. There was a pair of stockings there, but they were much worse than mine.


                  RICHARD 
                  MOORE
               



            . I took the prisoner into custody, and put him into the cell - I searched him; he had no money - I went to the watch-house again, ata quarter before seven o'clock, and then there was a charge made against him of taking the stockings and a sovereign - I searched, and found in his neck handkerchief a sovereign and one shilling; he said, when I took off his handkerchief, "There are two shillings in it;" I had searched it before, and there was nothing in it - I took the stockings from another man.


                  GEORGE 
                  COOPER
               



            . The prosecutor pointed the prisoner out to me, as the person who had robbed him; we always search persons before they go down.
Prisoner's Defence. His trousers were down, and the sovereign and shilling fell out - the Irishman said,
"Keep them till he asks for them, and if he don't ask, don't give them to him."


                  JOHN 
                  FOY
               



            . My trousers were not down - the sovereign was in my fob - I felt his hand in my pocket - I could see his features by the gas-light over the grating.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
