



92. 




ELIZA HOLT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of November, one purse, value 6d.; two sovereigns and Ave shillings; the property of 



John Moores, from his person.






JOHN MOORES
. I am a farmer and live at Harefield, in Middlesex. On the 1st of November I had been to London, and on my way home I met the prisoner at the Horse and Groom public-house at Uxbridge, about a quarter before ten o'clock in the evening—I knew her before, as she had been hay-making for me last summer—she asked me to give her something to drink—I gave her and her companions a glass of peppermint and took one myself—as I was coming out at the door, the prisoner caught bold of my left arm and said, "Come along, I want to speak to you—she led me about six yards, then gave me a twirl round, and got my purse out of my breeches pocket and ran off—I said to my boy, "Run boy, run, she-has got my purse"—I had 2l. 5s. in ray purse—she ran round by the market-house, and the police-man afterwards took her—I have never seen my money again, nor the purse—it had been in my right-hand breeches pocket—I did not give it her at all. nor attempt to take any liberties with her.





WILLIAM ROBINSON
. I work for Mr. Moores—the prisoner had worked for him as a hay-maker—I was at the public-house when this happened—the prisoner said to my master, "John Moores, you owe me for a day and a half's work"—my master said, "No, I paid you every thing"—we went from that public-house to the Horse and Groom public-house, and the prisoner came and said, "Will you give me something to drink?"—my master said, "I am going to have a pint of beer, and you shall have part of it"—we went, and instead of having beer, we had some gin and peppermint—we drank it—as we came out, the prisoner came and said to my master, I want to whisper to you,"—she took him about six yards, turned him round, and drew the purse out of his pocket—I saw it in her hand as she was running off to the market-house.





CHARLES FINCH
. I live at Uxbridge. I was there on Friday night, the 1st of November—I saw the prisoner take the purse out of the prosecutor's pocket—he hallooed out, "Run boy, run, the girl has got my purse"—she ran away—I went and told the policeman where she lived—we went to her house and took her.





ROBERT MINCHENTON
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner—I have lot found the purse.

Prisoner's Defence. I never robbed him, there were two other women came out at the same time.




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Ten Years.
