



163. 




JOHN KELWAY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of November, 7lbs. weight of tobacco, value 28s.; and 1/2 lb. weight of cigars, value 6s.; the goods of 



William Stockbridge.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of Abraham Ketch field.







ELIZABETH STOCKBRIDGE
. I am wife of William Stockbridge, a tobacconist, in Upper Whitecross-street. On the 14th of November I sent a parcel, containing tobacco and cigars, to the Flower-pot public-house, in Bishopsgate-street, to be sent to a gentleman at Southgate—I afterwards saw the same parcel in the possession of a constable—the direction on it is in my husband's hand-writing.





ABRAHAM KETCHFIELD
. I drive the Southgate coach, and live at Southgate. I received a parcel for Mr. Fletcher, a grocer at Southgate—it was put into the boot—I afterwards saw it in the possession of a constable—I had taken it in the morning, but the coach did not pass the place, and at the end of my journey I told the man that Mr. Fletcher would send for it—he did not, and I was bringing it back to London, not aware that it was in the boot, the boot was fastened with an iron catch and key, but not locked.





GEORGE KEMP
 (police-constable M 82.) On Thursday night, the 14th of November, about six o'clock, I was on duty in the Kingsland-road. I saw the prisoner and another boy in company—I watched them about twenty minutes—I saw the Southgate coach pass towards town—they ran after the coach, and got up behind—I followed as far as I could, but could not overtake the coach—I thought I saw them get down, and go down a turning—I went another way, and met the prisoner with this parcel—I asked what he had got—he said, some linen that he was going to take to Hackney-road, and then he said he had it from Mr. Rogers, a linen-draper in Chiswell-street—I took him to the station-house, and found it contained tobacco and cigars—it was tied up in this handkerchief, which does not belong to the parcel.

Prisoner's Defence. As I was coming along I saw the parcel lying down—I took it up, and was going to take it home, to see if I could find an owner.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.
