




94. 




SAMUEL TAYLOR
 and 




THOMAS BALDYKE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
5th of November, 1 truss of hay, value 2s.6d.; the goods of 



George Ellis, the master of the said Samuel Taylor.


MR. CHURCHILL
conducted the Prosecution.





GEORGE ELLIS
. I am a farmer, and live at Edmonton—Taylor was in my service. On the 4th of November, I had a load of hay in my yard, which he was to take to London the next morning—I saw some pieces of card put into the upper trusses of hay by my foreman, with my initials on them—the hay went the next morning—I afterwards found a truss in the

possession of the officer—I sent thirty-six trusses of hay, and only thirty-four were delivered—I found a card with my initials on it in the truss detained by the officer—Taylor had no right to dispose of any, but was to take it to my brother.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What had Baldyke to do with it? A. I do not know that he had any thing to do with it—the truss was opened in my presence, and had this card in it—I am not aware that other persons put cards into their hay—it has my writing on it.





THOMAS VANN
. I am an officer. On the 5th of November, I went with Tilt to watch for the prisoner, Taylor, near Tottenham—I saw him coming along the road, driving Mr. Ellis's load of hay—we followed him till he came opposite the White Hart, when the waggon stopped, and I saw the tarpauling move—I then saw a truss of hay, and took it to the office.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you see Baldyke? A. I saw Tilt bring him from the stable, and he brought the truss of hay from the stable to the door—I could not see the man go into the stable with the hay—I took Taylor when he came round by the horses' heads.





JAMES TILT
. I am a police-constable. I went with Vann, and saw the waggon stop—I waited at the corner, and say the covering of the hay move—I then saw Baldyke close by the hind wheel, and Taylor gave him a truss of hay on his shoulder—I followed him into the stable—he turned round, and threw it off his shoulder—I then asked him whose hay that was—he said, "Hay! I have had no hay in my possession"—I apprehended him, and gave him to Vann—we took the two prisoners and the hay to the office.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Do not persons leave hay on the road to feed their horses on their return? A. I believe it is done, and if there was a ticket stuck on it, it would prevent any mistake.

MR. ELLIS
re-examined. This was a complete load of hay of thirty-six trusses, and there was a bottle truss on the top beside.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Then if the load was not complete when it got to your brother's, they would have detected it? A. They were not in the habit of counting them.
(William Jones, a bricklayer, of Stamford-hill; Thomas Farr, a broker, of Newington; and Thomas Bothen, gave Baldyke a good character.)

TAYLOR—


GUILTY
. Aged 35. BALDYKE—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.




Transported for Seven Years.
