




1038. 




THOMAS HARDY
, the younger, was indicted for

burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Palmer and another, about one o'clock in the night of the 
7th of February, at 
St. James's, Clerkenwell, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 26 sovereigns, 14 half-sovereigns, 58 half-crowns, 200 shillings, 200 sixpences, I order for the payment of 8l. 7s. 6d., and I order for the payment of 14l. 7s. 1d. their monies and property: and 




THOMAS HARDY, the elder


, for feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; to which 


Thomas Hardy, the younger, pleaded




GUILTY
. Aged 13.—


Transported for Ten Years.

MESSRS. PHILLIPS
and
CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM PALMER
. I am a manufacturer of candle-lamps, and live in Great Sutton-street, Clerkenwell. I have one partner, Benjamin Helps Stacey—the younger Hardy was in our employ—on the 7th of February my premises were closed at eight o'clock in the evening—the men all leave at that time—I left in my desk, in the counting-house, twelve sovereigns, and 3l. in silver—the desk was locked—at six o'clock in the morning a person named Hunt, in my service, gave me information—I went to the counting-house, and found seven desks there broken open—I discovered that gold and silver had been taken from several of the desks—I only know myself what had

been in my own desk—I missed that, and there was none left in the other desks—I found screw-driver, a file, and a hammer on the premises, which might have effected the breaking of the desks—the office joins the ware-house, in which is a window—there was a crate of glass under that window—I caused the younger prisoner to be apprehended, in consequence of suspicion—on the 20th of February I went to the house of the elder prisoner, in company with Fink, the officer, at the corner of Vincent-street, Old-street-road—the elder prisoner was not there at the time—in a drawer in the back bed-room there we found a quantity of silver, wrapped up in a rag, to the amount of 3l. 9s., and sixpence in a box by the side of it—it was an old box, containing old shoes—I saw a woman, calling herself the prisoner's wife—on the evening of the 21st, the elder prisoner and that woman called at my counting-house—the elder prisoner said, "I hope you will be so good as not to go on with this thing, ft will be the ruin of me"—I said, "I certainly shall not stay the proceedings; and moreover, we can swear to some of the money that we have found"—he said nothing about any more money but what we had found—on the 22nd be called again, before nine o'clock in the morning, by himself and told me he had found a quantity of money in an old boot, up stairs in his house; that the silver which we had found, he himself had put into that rag; that the other money, which he then handed me, he had himself hid under a coal; that he was counting the money, and heard a knock at the door, and then the money which was found he put into that rag in the drawer, and the rest he hid under a coal—the money be then brought me was 31l. 10s. in gold, and 7l. 7s. in silver, making 42l. 6s. altogether—shortly after this he was taken into custody—I went to the station-house with him—it was the same day as he brought the money—on the road there he said that the boy got into the premises by pushing away the board—there was a board on the top of the glass crates under the window, which appeared to have fallen down—a person, by getting on those crates, could get to the window—the crates were inside the premises, under the window, and a board on the top of them had the appearance of having been pushed down from there—I cannot prove that the board had been there the day before—the boy had 6s. a week—when I first took the elder prisoner before the Magistrate he ordered him to be discharged—he afterwards ordered him to be apprehended again—I never made him any promise to induce him to tell me anything.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I understand the 20th was the day you first went to the prisoner's house? A. It was—the boy was taken and examined that day, at Hatton-garden—no charge was then preferred against the elder prisoner—when he came to me on the 21st, and aid he hoped I would not go on with this, he alluded to the charge against his boy—I lost nearly 55l., besides the two cheques—I have never seen them since—I believe they have not been presented for payment.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You say he called on the 21st, had you searched his house on the 20th? A. Yes—he did not come to me before I searched his house.





GEORGE HUNT
. I am a time-keeper in the prosecutor's employ. I went to work on the 8th of February, a little before six o'clock—I found the whole of the desks broken open in the counting-house, and found a screw a file, and a hammer—I had left a little after eight o'clock, over

night—I alarmed my master—I imagined the premises had been entered by the window, that they were assisted up outside, and got through the window, and on some crates of glass—the window is seven feet from the ground—it could be reached by a ladder or on a man's back—one pane of glass was broken, large enough to admit the body of a man—it had been broken before, but I cannot tell whether the board had been placed against the window—I observed the board on the top of the crate, apparently having fallen from the window—I had not seen the board before.





JOHN PARKER
. I am one of the prosecutor's clerks. I left the office, on the night of the 7th of February, about half-past eight o'clock—I had a desk in the office, which I locked before I left—I was not the last person there—I left in my desk 5l. in gold and 4l. In silver, as near as I can recollect—there was a shilling among the silver, very much battered, as if it had been driven over—on the following morning, when I came to the office, I found the desk broken, and the money gone—it belonged to my employers—(looking at a shilling)—I can swear to this positively, it Was amongst the silver—I saw it on the 20th, and knew it directly—I was present when the elder prisoner and his wife called.





JOHN BUTTERFIBLD
. I am a clerk in Messrs. Palmer's employ. On the 7th of February I left my desk, safely locked, about eight o'clock—then was about 9l. in it—there was about 4l. in sovereigns and a few coppers—I went to the office about nine o'clock next morning, and found my desks broken open.





BENJAMIN HELPS STACEY
. I am in partnership with Mr. Palmer. On the evening of the 7th of February, about a quarter before five o'clock, I left the premises, and left my desk locked—I found, by balancing my cask next morning, what was missing—I know I left gold and silver in my desk the night before—there was from ten to fifteen sovereigns, and two cheques—next morning I came to the premises before eight o'clock, and found my desk broken, and my money and cheques gone.





JAMES AKERMAN
. I am shopman to the prosecutors.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe the younger prisoner treated some boys? A. Yes—he treated me and another boy to the play after the robbery—I do not know of his treating boys on another occasion.





THOMAS COPELAND
. I am clerk to Mr. Sturge, a coal-merchant. The elder prisoner Bad been in the habit of dealing with us in a small way for coals—I received money from him, but not always—I have an extract from our ledger which I made this morning, but I know the particulars of my own knowledge, without that—between the 6th of February and the 20th, he contracted a debt of 7l. 6s. 3d.—on the 20th of February he paid me 5l. 8s., and on the 25th 1l.—I never received so large a payment as 5l. from him before.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you receive the 5l. 8s. from him? In Mr. Sturge's counting-house—he came to pay me—I did not make any arrangement about the times he was to pay these instalments—I do not know of any arrangement by which he ought to have paid any instalment the week before the 20th of February.





JOHN FINK
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoners into custody—I was with Mr. Palmer when he searched the house, and found the money.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you take the younger prisoner? A. on

the 20th. between twelve and one o'clock in the day—I went to the elder prisoner's house about four o'clock in the afternoon.
(The elder prisoner received a good character.)

HARDY, Sen.—



GUILTY.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury.
—



Confined Twelve Months.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

