



1255. 




WILLIAM SEYMOUR



 was indicted for stealing on the 
16th of February, at 
St. Margaret's, Westminster, 1 coat, value 1l.; 1 pair of breeches, value 4s.; 5 waistcoats, value 15s.; 3 gowns, value 10s.; 1 shawl, value 8s.; 1 pair of sheets, value 3s.; 1 tea-caddy, value 3s.; 1 shell, value 2s.; 3 towel, value 2s.; 2 pairs of window-curtains, value 1s.; 1 buckle, value 1s.; pair of spectacles, value 3s.; 1 brooch, value 2s.; 5 sovereigns, 1 guinea, 1 crown-piece, and 1 piece of foreign coin, value 4s. 6d., the goods of 




Richard Wyatt, in his dwelling-house.






ANY WYATT
. I am the wife of Richard Wyatt, a journeyman tailor, and live in Queen's-row, Palmer's Village, Westminster, in the parish of St. Martin's. We rent the house, and have lodgers—he is the housekeeper—the prisoner is a jobbing bricklayer, and was at work at our house on the 16th of February, and had been so about a fortnight—nobody was at work in the house besides him—we have no servant—we had three lodgers at that time—on Shrove-Tuesday, the 16th of February, I left home at eleven o'clock in the morning, and returned at half-past eight o'clock—my husband had gone out before me, and got home before me—I left the prisoner in the house—we have three rooms to ourselves, the kitchen, parlour, and second floor front room, which is our bed-room—I locked up the bed-room when I went out, and put the key on the mantel-pieces, in the parlour—I locked the parlour door, and had the key in my pocket—when I came in I found my bed-room door pulled too but unfastened—the prisoner was not there when I came home—all my lodgers were there—I examined my drawers in the bed-room, and missed the property stated in the indictment—they were all our property, and worth about 10l. altogether—the prisoner did not come to work next day—his work was not finished, nor is it finished now—every thing was safe in my drawers when I went out—I never saw him afterwards till he was in custody.






JOHN STATON
. I live in Somerset-place, Palmer's Village. On Tuesday, the 16th of February, I was going towards home, between five and six o'clock, and saw the prisoner—I did not know him before—I was passing by, and he had got a bundle in his right hand, and the tea-caddy under his arm—his hat fell off—I am perfectly certain it was him—it was about fifty yards from Wyatt's house—I picked up his hat, and saw something white in it—I do not know what—I put it on his head. and said."That contains too much to put on your head"—he replied, "I am drunk"—it appeared to be a French polished tea-caddy—I turned my back round and saw him go to the top of Wood's brewhouse, in Buckingham-row.

Prisoner. Q. Was it light or dark? A. Quite day-light.





AMELIA WHITE
. I am the wife of William White, a farrier, and live in Queen's-row, Palmer's-village. Last Shrove-Tuesday I was at the top of York-street, at Mr. Glover's public-house, and saw the prisoner—I had seen him two or three times before—I think it was from five to six o'clock, but I cannot exactly say—he came into Glover's with a bundle in one hand and a French caddy in the other—he was with a soldier—he called for something to drink, and laid down a French dollar—he picked it up again and laid down a five-shilling pieces—I asked him if he was not our bricklayer—he said, "Where?"—I said, "Palmer's-villages"—he made no answer, but drank what he called for, and went quickly off—the soldier went out with him—I heard of the robbery next morning—the public-house is about a quarter of a mile from Wyatt's.





WILLIAM CLIFTON
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on Wednesday, the 4th of May, in Great Chapel-street, Broadway, Westminister—I told him, at the station-house, that I took him for a robbery in Palmer's-villages—he said he knew nothing about it—I took him to the office, and he said, "Clifton, when do the Sessions begin at the Old Bailey?"—I said, "I believe it is on the 9th"—he said, "I suppose this will be a bellowser for me this time, Clifton?"—he knew me very well.





ANN WYATT

re-examined. I lost a French polish tea-caddy, a gown-piece, and a French crown-piece.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.

First Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
