




631. 




WILLIAM STEWART
 and 




FREDERICK WILSON



 were indicted for stealing, on the
 31st of January, 1 till, value 1s. 6d.; 10 half-crowns, 15 shillings, 20 sixpences, 61 pence, and 120 halfpence; the goods and monies of 



Thomas Meredith.







THOMAS MEREDITH
. I live in Edgeware-road, and am a chandler. At half-past seven o'clock, on the evening of the 31st of January, I was in my parlour writing, and in a few minutes I heard the till gingle—I ran into the passage, and saw Stewart with my till in his hand, across the counter—he ran out of the shop and down the three steps—I pursued, and hallooed "Stop thief"—he then shifted the till, which he had across his arms, into one hand, and then ran faster—he threw the till into the middle of the road and emptied its contents into the road—there was about 3l. in silver and copper—Wilson, with several others, came up, and began to have a scramble, and pushed me on one side—I did not see Wilson in the house, but he picked up some of the money, and we found him at the public-house with tome of the dirty money on him—Stewart ran a few yards further, and no into a policeman's arms—I never lost sight of him.

Wilson. I was not taken in a public-house—I was coming up the new road, ten or twelve yards from the door—I was not picking up the money in the road. Witness. Yes, I saw you do it.





JAMES WALLIS
. I live in Green-street, Paddington. About twenty minutes past seven that evening I was walking in the road, and saw the prisoners together—I crossed the road and watched them till I saw a policeman, and acquainted him that I had seen them make two attempts—I saw them go to a linen-draper's shop, Wilson looked in, but he saw a man there and went back—they then went to a fish-shop, and then to a cheesemonger's—Wilson was going in, but a boy came out and told the policeman of it—in a few minutes we heard the cry of "Stop thief," and I saw the prisoner Stewart run into the policeman's arms—I saw the money in the road, and saw this gang of them picking the money up, the prosecutor had the till in his hand, and then the policeman and I went and took Wilson, who was looking into a public-house.





WILLIAM GLASCOCK
. I am a policeman. I was called by Wallis—I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and Stewart ran into my arms—I took him to where the till had been dropped, and the prosecutor gave the till into my hands—I did not see Wilson then, but I locked up Stewart, and took Wilson in half an hour—I found 1s. 6d. in silver, and some copper on him, all dirty.

Wilson's Defence. It was halfpence that I had in change for some fish—I know nothing about it—I never heard there was a till lost till I was taken—when they say it was lost I was at my friends in Oxford-street—I was not with Stewart at the time.

Stewart's Defence. I left Wilson about five o'clock to get something for supper—I went round the road and heard a cry of "Stop thief," and ran into the policeman's arms—I had not seen the till—the prosecutor says he never lost sight of me, if he stopped to pick up the money he must have lost sight of me.

STEWART—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 20. 



Transported for seven years.
