






221. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE FREDERICK 
                     HUNNIBURN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PENFOLD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of December
, 1 truck, value 5l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James Ingram 
                  Huntington
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  INGRAM HUNTINGTON
               



            . I live in Union-street


, in the Borough - I had a truck on the 2d of December, and Hunniburn came and asked for the use of it about ten o'clock in the morning - I had seen him in the shop before, but had not spoken to him - he asked me to let it him for about three hours - I told him I would not let it to strangers, and asked where he came from - he said from No. 44, opposite - I said, "Very well, I recollect your face, you can have it" - he had it, and went away - there was no bargain made about the price of it - about four o'clock in the afternoon I asked my wife if he was come back - she said he was not- I did not see him again for more than a week - I found the truck in Phoenix-street station-house, Somers Town- the name had been scratched out, and a little bit of the copse cut off - I knew it to be mine - Penfold is a brother of the man at whose house Hunniburn lodged, and he said if he could find him he would let me know.
Hunniburn. Q. When I came to hire it, did I not tell you it was for Preston? A. I don't recollect that - I don't recollect your having hired it before.
GEORGE TREWIN. I am a broker, and live in Weston-place, King's Cross - between twelve and one o'clock, on the 2nd of December, Hunniburn brought the truck to my door, and asked if I wanted to buy it - I said, "No, not exactly" - I looked at it, and asked what he wanted for it - he said,"2l. 5s." - I said, "I don't want the truck, but I will give you 1l. for it" - he said, "I will take it, and stand a drop of gin" - I said, "I don't think you came by it right" - he said, "Yes, I did," and laughed - I sent to the police station, and he was taken.
WILLIAM TREWIN. I was at work in my brother's shop, and while he was bargaining for the truck, Penfold said,"Say 25s., and a drop of gin, that is little enough."


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



             TAYLOR (police-constable S 82). I was on duty, and took Hunniburn - he said the truck belonged to him, but he had rubbed the name out because he was going to sell it - I said I thought it would have looked better with the name on - he said he supposed he could do as he liked with his own property - I found on him a pepperbox and saltcellar.
Hunniburn. Q. Where did you take me to? A. To the station-house - you took hold of the truck, and said you would take it to the station-house, and I said very well - you could not have got away.
Q.Had I not been to you before, and told you the man would not give me the truck, and ask you to go with me to get it? A. No: I had not seen you.
ALGRRNON SMITH. I took Penfold - he said that Hunniburn had hired him to move some goods, and had taken him with the truck to King's Cross; and then Hunniburn said he would rub the b-y name out, that he took it to the broker, and there was some dispute, and he went off.
Hunniburn's Defence. I went to move some goods - we left the truck at the broker's, and he would not let me have it again - I got the officer to get it away; and then he said that I should go to the station-house - there was no name on the truck at all - the prosecutor said, before the magistrate, that he had not seen the truck the whole day before - I did not intend to defraud him, nor was it offered for sale; if it had, it would not have been left there for two hours, as it was - the reason this broker appears is because some parties stole some lead and a copper, and it was sold to him, and I have often threatened him with it.
COURT to 
               G. 
            TREWIN. Q. Did you ever have a charge against you about buying a copper and lead? A.No; and I knew nothing of this prisoner till he offered the truck to sell; and he had before offered it at another broker's.
HUNNIBURN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PENFOLD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
