



9. 




JOSEPH HATHERLY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of September, 7 memorandum books, value 10s. 6d.; 48 wafer stamps, value 15s.; 38 dozen pencils, value 1l. 15s.; 7 gross of pen-holders, value 2l. 2s.; 33lbs. weight of India rubber, value 5l. 15s.; and 19 dozen carpenters' pencils, value 1l. 18s., the goods of 



Sir James Williams, Knight, and others, his masters.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






DANIEL FORRESTER
. I am one of the officers of the City of London. On Friday, the 8th of November, in consequence of directions I received, I went to the prisoner's lodging, 561/2, Pear Tree-court, Clerkenwell—he wrote me that address himself—I there found a great quantity of India rubber, black-lead, and carpenters' pencils, wafer stamps, pen-holders, and memorandum books, all new—some were in a box, some under the bed, and some in a bag (producing them)—the prisoner was not at home at the time—I found his wife there, and she permitted me to search.





AARON WILLIAM PUDNEY
. I am foreman to Sir James Williams and others, wholesale stationers in West Smithfield—the prisoner was in their service, first to assist in the warehouse and afterwards as porter—he had access to all the articles dealt in by the firm—he had 21s. a week—he did not carry on any trade himself—(looking at the property)—this parcel of memorandum books I tied up on the 21st of September, when taking stock, and it has my own writing on it—these packets of wafer-stamps bear our private mark, and they are tied up as we tie them—there are twelve in each packet—they have not been sold—if they had, the private mark would have been taken off—this piece of India rubber was bought with a quantity on the 21st of October—I think this is the piece we had with the parcel, for I have looked over the parcel and cannot find it—I do not swear to it, but I think this is the piece—this parcel of pen-holders bears the mark of George Hall, one of our men—it has no private mark—I believe all this to be my masters' property—they deal in such things—it has not been missed—our stock is too large to ascertain such a loss.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You believe they were once in your warehouse? A. There is no question about that—we are in a very extensive

way of business, and supply shops entirely wholesale—these goods could not have been sold without the private mark being taken off—it is the invariable rule of our house to take the private mark off whenever a parcel leaves the house, and I can conscientiously swear that a parcel scarcely ever went out without that being done—I have been there twenty-two years, and never knew it not done—if a man is known not to do it, he loses his employment—we should tear the private mark off, or do the parcels up fresh—the private mark is put on by me—it is taken off because there are many people in different parts of the country who would know the mark—here are one or two look out orders besides me, and one man packs—if a person comes in to buy a small packet, and takes it away with him, we should take the mark off first—several persons sell besides me, but I can undertake to say these have not been sold, or the private mark must have been taken off—I believe no one knew where to find these packets but myself, as I did them up, and put them away—I am very seldom out, except to go to my dinner—we all leave at one time, except one, who stops to take charge of the premises—I always had a good opinion of the prisoner till this time.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Would the private mark intimate the costprice? A. It would, and we wish to keep it to ourselves, as young men who have been with us, and have settled in the country, would know it—I never knew the prisoner purchase any of these things at the warehouse—he has no shop of his own—he is engaged at the warehouse all day—we do not allow persons in our employ to deal in the same articles.





GEORGE HALL
. I am warehouseman to the prosecutors. I put the letter "W" on this packet of pen-holders, about six months ago—it is our peremptory orders not to part with goods with the private mark on them.

Cross-examined. Q. There are other peremptory orders, I suppose, that the men should come in time, and be industrious, and so on, which are sometimes not obeyed? A. Sometimes, and then punishment attends it, perhaps discharge.





CHARLES BIRCH
. I am clerk to the prosecutors, and have the superintendence of the goods. I believe this property to be my master's, and do not believe it to have been sold—here is an odd lot, which I took a note of at the stock-taking, and that we should not sell—this other packet has Pudney's mark on it—it would not be sold with his mark on it—the value of all the property found is about 15l.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not mean to say that any property has been missed? A. We did not miss it till this was found.
(——Rayner, cabinet-maker, Golden Lion-court, Aldersgate-street; and Mrs. Sutton, 56, Pear Tree-court; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
