



386. 



WILLIAM CAMBRIDGE
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Samuel Mannell, on the 
25th of November, at 
St. John at Hackney, and stealing therein 3 coats, value 4l. 10s.; 1 hat, value 5s.; 3 pairs of trowsers, value 20s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 1s.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 2 half-crowns and 3 shillings; his goods and monies.






SAMUEL MANNELL
. I live in Lea-bridge-road, in the parish of St. John at Hackney. On the 25th of November I went out at two o'clock—I left no at home—I made the house fast—a neighbour gave me information body, and I went back about four o'clock—I found the front window open, which would enable a person to get in, and I missed the articles stated in the indictment—I have never found them since.





ROBERT BURRELL
. I am a labourer. On the 25th of November I met the prisoner about seventy yards from the prosecutor's house, going towards it—it was after two o'clock—it might be a quarter to three—I am sure it was the prisoner—I did not know him before—we passed each other.





WILLIAM SAVILLE
. I am a labourer. I was at work about six or seven yards from the prosecutor's house, and saw the prisoner throw the sash of the window up and step in—it was after two o'clock, but I cannot exactly say how much—he went in at the window, and shut it after him—I never saw him before, but I have no doubt of him—I saw his side-face as he went in—I remained there till dark—till six o'clock—I never saw him come out—I thought he was somebody belonging to the place, or he would not have gone in—I had not seen the prosecutor go out.





THOMAS JUDD
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner—I called him by his name, and told him I wanted him for stealing clothes—he said, "If you do, I must go, that is all;" and on the road he said he should have the pleasure of seeing Dickey and Grigg, who were in Newgate at the time—I said, "Why?"—he said, "I am certain to he lagged" meaning transported—he afterwards asked me if I had found any of the clothes—I said no, and he laughed.

Prisoner's Defence. I said nothing about being lagged—he asked me if I had put the things away—I said no—he said, "If that is the case, I shall not say any thing about it"—about two months before, my mother came to live at the prosecutor's house—she got me to move her things there, and from that time told me not to go hungry, but to go there whenever I wanted victuals; and on Thursday, the day before this happened, I met Burrell—I went and knocked at the door, but nobody came—I went again about five o'clock, and the shoemaker's wife next door came out and said my mother was not at home, but was gone down to my sister's—I went away and next morning went with a man named Rutherford to Barnet, and slept

there that night, and then to St. Alban's, where I stopped till Wednesday morning; I then came back, and was apprehended.





SAMUEL MANNELL

re-examined. The prisoner's father and mother did lodge in my house, but left two days before the robbery to go to loughton, in Essex—the window had been cracked before, and a piece of putty put to fasten it—when that piece was taken out, an arm could be put through to open it.




GUILTY of stealing under the value of 5l
. aged 20.—

transported for life.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson

