



1074. 




WILLIAM DUNKLEY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
1st of April, 1 loaf of bread, value 2 1/2 d.; 2 half-crowns; 4 shillings; 1 six-pence; 3 pence; and 1 halfpenny; the goods and monies of 



James Hughes 2nd COUNT, for stealing a half-sovereign; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ANN HUGHES
. I am the wife of James Hughes; I live in the City-gardens.

On the 1st of April, the prisoner came to my kitchen window, while I had my gown off—I called out that I would come in a minute—I went and saw him in the shop—he asked for a two-pound loaf, and tendered me a sorereign—I said I could not give him change, and he said, "Perhaps a half-sovereign may suit you better"—I gave him two half-crowns, and 4s. 6d., and went to the till to get the halfpence—the till fell down, and while I was picking up the halfpence, be darted out with the loaf and the 9s. 6d., without giving me the half-sovereign—I sent my child after him, who brought back a gilt sixpence.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long did you see this man? A. About three minutes—I looked at him all the time, because he was a stranger—there was a man outside likewise—I looked at them both—I saw the prisoner put a half-sovereign on the counter—he had a blue coat and brightbuttons, a dark silk waistcoat, dark trowsers, and a black handkerchief.





HENRY HUGHES
. I am six years old. My mother sent me after the prisoner—I came up to him, and said, "You did not give my mother the half-sovereign," and he gave me a half-sovereign, at I thought—I took it to my mother.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen the man before? A. No. I saw his face when he gave me this—he gave it me directly, and I went back to my mother—he had a blue coat on—I stood at his side, and asked him for the half-sovereign—he said, "Mind you don't lose it."





MATTHEW PEAK
 (police-constable G 198.) I went with the prosecutrix to the prisoner's house—she said, "That is the man"—the prisoner said, "What for?"—she said, "For giving my child a gilt sixpence"—he said, "So help me God, I have not been out of the house to-day—you may search my crib "—I said, "That I intend to do, Bill "—he said, "Light a candle, old woman;" which she did—we began to search—I saw him with this blue coat, which he was putting on the bed, and the counterpane over it—I said, "Stop; that is what I want; I shall take that now"—I then took him to the station—I found seven sovereigns on him, and a great deal more money—I gave him back all but 10s.

Cross-examined. Q. How did you know where to find him? A. The prosecutrix gave me a description of a man not so tall as me, rather marked with the small-pox, and high cheek bones, with plenty of sovereigns; and I knew him directly—she said he was dressed in a blue coat, bright buttons, and a dark waistcoat.





CHARLES SCOTCHMEN
. I am a policeman. I was on duty on the 1st of April, about three o'clock in the afternoon—I met the prisoner with another man—he had on a blue coat with bright yellow buttons—I believe his waistcoat was dark—I did not notice any other part of his dress.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was this? A. In Wellington-street—five or six hundred yards from the prosecutrix's.





WILLIAM HOLLAND
 (police-constable N 146.) I received this gilt six-pence from the prosecutrix—I have had it ever since.





GEORGE GLIBBERY
 (police-sergeant N 21.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was in Court at that trial—the prisoner is the man.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin. This is a gilt sixpence.

Prisoner's Defence. I declare that I never saw the prosecutrix's shop at all—I went to Mr. Williams, the soap-maker—I came along Wellington-street home, and never went out again till the policeman came and took me—I always wore a blue coat.




GUILTY
.* Aged 32.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
