







Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
1988. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     TALBOT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of August

, 27 spoons, value 13l.; 12 forks, value 9l., and 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 12s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Baker
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 watch, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Donovan
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Baker
                     



; and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CARMOZIE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BOLTON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  MARY 
                  DONOVAN
               



            . I live in Albany-street, Regent's-park



, with Mr. Henry Baker - the prisoner Talbot was my fellow-
servant


 there for about four months. He called on the 18th of August, about half-past seven o'clock - (he had left about two months;) I let him in - he followed me down stairs; I did what I was about in the kitchen, and returned up to the dining-room, leaving him in the kitchen alone - I went down again in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, and he was gone: I was alarmed, and went to the plate-chest, which is in my bed-room in the pantry, and joins the kitchen, and the plate was gone - I had washed the plate up the night before, and gave it to the housemaid - I saw her take it away to the closet; I saw part of it in the closet, but did not count it - I missed the articles stated in the indictment; my silver watch was gone from the head of my bed - I had seen it hanging there at seven o'clock that morning; I gave 3l. for it - the plate must have been worth more than 5l.; none of it has been found.


                  WILLIAM 
                  AGGS
               



            . I am an inspector of the Police. I apprehended Carmozie on the 28th of August, at No. 2, Saffron-hill; I found his door fastened inside, and threatened twice to break it open - it was then opened; I found him and two women there - I asked his name; he said Johnson; I said I did not believe that, and that I wanted him for a robbery, in Albany-street - I said, "What was done with the plate?" he said, "So help me God, I know nothing about it;" I searched him: he said if I would not handcuff him, he would go with me quietly; and when we got on the landing, I said, "Come, come, Carmozie it won't do;" he said, "Oh! then you know me, do you?" I said, "Yes, I know you very well," and took him to the station.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended Bolton on the 28th of August, in Field-lane; I knocked at the door; a person asked who was there - I said, "An officer, open the door;" it was not opened - I went in and found Bolton in bed; I told him to get up, and that I wanted him for a robbery in Albany-street - he asked if any body was taken into custody; I said Yes, Carmozie: I took him to the station, and next morning, as I took him to the Albany-street station, he asked me not to tell the Magistrate, that he was acquainted with Carmozie, and when I took him I asked why he had not gone home that night, as I did not find him at his own lodging - he said he heard they were after Carmozie, and had kept out of the way, but that he was at home about four o'clock, just before Carmozie was taken: when I took him to Albany-street, station-house - he wished particularly to be locked up with, or to go and speak to Carmozie, which was refused; but as I took them both to the office, Carmozie said to Bolton, "We shall be transported - Talbot is taken, and has told all;" Bolton answered, "Never mind, they cannot hang us, it is only transportation."
Carmozie. Q. Where was this said? A. Part of the conversaton was just by the New church.



                  FRANCIS 
                  COLCOMB
               



            . I am a shoe maker, and live at No. 38, Saffron-hill. Carmozie lodged with me at No. 94, Great Saffron-hill; we began to lodge together about three months ago, and separated about a month ago - we lodged together in August; I left No. 94, about three weeks ago - we slept in the same bed together; Talbot came into our room three or four days before Camberwell fair, which was the 18th of August, and on the 18th of August; he came while Carmozie and I were in bed - he called Carmozie up; they spoke together and Carmozie went out - he returned with Bolton, and then they all went out together; Talbot had a small bundle - I did not see what it contained; Talbot stopped in the room while Carmozie went out with Bolton, and afterwards they all went out together - I asked if I might go with them; he said No, I was to stop till they came back, which would be about half an hour; I staid about an hour and a half, and then went out - I returned about twelve o'clock, and in a little time Carmozie came up to me, and asked me to go to Camberwell fair; I walked a little way, we met Bolton and Talbot on Saffron-hill: Carmozie and Bolton went away - Talbot and I went on to the fair; I saw Carmozie with a sovereign, and Talbot with 12s. 6d.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STREATFIELD
               



            . I keep a public-house on Saffron-hill. On the 18th of August, Carmozie and Bolton came into my house, and called for something to drink - I do not know whether it was in the morning, or the middle of the day; I saw they were very flush of money - they each had silver; I cannot say how much - I thought it very strange, knowing they had not the means of getting an existence; after sitting some time, they said they were going to the fair.
TALBOT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
BOLTON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
CARMOZIE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
