





1170. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WINSPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of May
, 1 reticule, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 4 half-crowns; 9 shillings; 2 sixpences; and 2 1/2d. in copper, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Maria Yda 
                           Korff
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            . (See Sixth Session, page 593.)



                  MARIA 
                  YDA KORFF
               



            . I am single
 and an English-woman. On the 21st of May, about nine o'clock in the evening, I was in Shoreditch


 walking along, carrying my reticule on my arm with a string - it contained a pocket handkerchief, six half-crowns, and nine shillings; it was cut from my arm - I felt the weight of it gone from my arm; I told a gentleman who was with me, and I saw a man running; the gentleman pursued him - I afterwards found the reticule at the station-house; it was produced last Sessions, and the money, which was found in it - the person who ran away was the man who took it.


                  THOMAS 
                  EDMUND BOYCE HUNTLY
               



            . I was with Miss Korff - she turned round and pointed to a man who was running across the road, and said he had cut her reticule from her arm - I pursued him down Holywell lane; I overtook him and found him in custody of two gentleman - he is the man which she pointed out; I never lost sight of him - nobody ran across the road but him.


                  GEORGE 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I was walking in Shoreditch and heard the cry of Stop thief, and saw the prisoner running across the road, and a gentleman pursuing him; I ran after him, and nearly overtook him, when a gentleman stopped him, and he immediately attempted to throw away a reticule; it fell close to him; the gentleman took it up - I had hold of the prisoner, and the gentleman gave me the reticule and a knife - whether he took the knife from the prisoner I cannot say; the string had been cut with a knife.
Prisoner. Q. You swear I was going along Shoreditch? A. Yes, and I followed you down Holywell-lane, and saw you drop the bag - I did not say you picked it up before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I was on duty in Holywell-lane, I received information, and found the prisoner in custody of Mr. Payne and I took him.


                  FRANCIS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I was at the station-house, and received the reticule and knife.
MARIA YDA KORFF. The knife is not mine; part of the string remained on my arm.


                  George 
                  Brown
               



            , boot and shoe-maker, Dorset-street, Spitalfields; 
               
                  Edward 
                  Riley
               



            , boot-maker, 2, Duke-street, Bishopsgate; 
               
                  Robert 
                  Rosman
               



            , shoe-maker, Snow-fields, Bermondsey; and 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Lynch
               



             gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
