



2472. 




JOSEPH MORRISS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of August, 1 handkerchief, value 7s., the goods of 



James Cunliffe, from his person.






JAMES CUNLIFFE
. I live in Duncan-terrace, City-road. On the 25th of August, I was in Goswell-street, walking between two ladies—I felt a snatch at my coat pocket—I looked behind and saw the prisoner with my pocket handkerchief in his hand—I left the ladies, and cried out "Thief"—I pursued him up a long dark street—I think it was Noble-street, and on turning the corner I lost sight of him for a moment, and the policeman caught him in the middle of the street—I saw him throw down the handkerchief—no one went back to look for it, that I am aware of.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not deny knowing the colour of the handkerchief? A. did not recollect what handkerchief I put into my pocket, but I saw him with the same handkerchief—it was done so momentarily, he had hardly got it in his hand—I am certain it was mine.





GEORGE GREY
. I am a painter, living at Mr. Hickson's, in Cheapside About half-past eight o'clock that night I was in Long-lane, and saw the prisoner attempting to pick a gentleman's pocket, which induced me to watch him and a companion he had with him—I followed him up Goswell-street—he walked back again and stopped at the corner of Barbican—he then followed the prosecutor, and went close behind him—I did not see him take the handkerchief.

Prisoner. Q. Where were you? A. On the opposite side of the way.





JOHN WRIGHT
 (police-constable G 173.) I heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I stopped the prisoner—I saw him running in front of the prosecutor.

Prisoner's Defence. I was drinking at a public-house at the corner of Noble-street—I heard "Stop thief" called, and ran up Noble-street—this policeman caught me in his arms—the prosecutor came up and said I had picked his pocket.
(John Mole, of Clerken well-green, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. ** Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
