



1197. 




ROBERT OLIVER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
28th of February, at 
St. Ann and Agnes, London, 1 sovereign and 1 letter, the money and property of 



Frederick Spong. 2nd COUNT, stating them to be the money and property of



 Mary Ann Spong.


MESSRS. SHEPHERD, ADOLPHUS, and the
HON. MR. SCARLETT, conducted


the Prosecution.






FREDERICK SPONG
. I live at Kilkenny, in Ireland. In February last, I wrote a letter to Mr. M'Gragh, who then resided with the Earl of Ossory, at the Marquis of Ormond's, in Weymouth-street—there were two other letters in the cover—I wrote one letter, my wife wrote another—I put a sovereign into the letter I wrote, and sealed it—it was directed to Mary Ann Spong, my daughter—that letter was enclosed in another, which was directed to "Miss Spong, at Mrs. Martin's, No. 33, Bryanston-street, Bryanstone-square"—that letter was written by my wife, but I directed it—those two letters were put into another, addressed to Mr. M'Gragh—all three were under one seal, in an envelope, directed to the Marquis of Ormond, for the purpose of going post-free—here is the letter that was sent to Mr. M'Gragh—he is valet to Lord Ossory—I gave the packet to my son to get it weighed, and carry it to the Post-office—the letter to Mr. M'Gragh was afterwards returned to me in Ireland, by the post, and there was something written on it in red ink, to let me know what had become of the other letters.





GEORGE SPONG
. I am the son of the last witness. In February I received a letter from my father to put into the post, directed to Lord Ormond—I took it to the apothecary's shop to get it weighed, and then I put it into the Post-office, in the same state as I received it from my father.





MICHAEL GILLAN
. I am in the service of Lord Ormond. I received a letter from his Lordship to forward to Mr. M'Gragh—this is the direction I put on it (reads) "Mr. M'Gragh, at Viscount Northland's, Elston"—I

do not exactly remember when it was—I sent it the same evening as I received it from his Lordship—I gave it to George—the post-mark is the 14th of February.





EDWARD GEORGE
. I received this letter from Gillan in February last, and put it into the Vere-strcet Post-office.





SAMUEL GILMAN
. I am a clerk in the dead letter-office at the Post-office. This letter was returned into that office on the 27th of February, from Helston, in Cornwall—it has the post-mark on it, showing that it has been there—it was returned to the dead letter-office, the person not being found there—it was wafered—I opened it, and found a letter enclosed in it which appeared to contain a sovereign—it contained a piece of money—it was addressed to "Miss Spong, at Mrs. Martin's, No. 33, Bryanston-street"—I entered the address in this book at the time—the usual practice is to enclose the letters in a book, and they are sent down in a locked box to the inland-office.





WILLIAM BLOTT
. I am a clerk in the Inland department in the Post-office—on the 28th of February, I was on duty as clerk of the money letter-book—I received that morning from the dead letter-office a money letter, addressed to "Miss Spong, No. 33, Bryanston-street," which was entered in my book—it contained hard cash, I could tell that by my fingers—I have signed the dead letter-book as having received it—I copied the address into a blank receipt, which receipt I sent into the general office instead of the letter—that is the usual practice—that receipt was sorted to the letter-carrier, instead of the letter—this receipt was produced to me that morning by the carrier to whom I delivered the letter—this is the receipt; I wrote on it, "No. 38," to correspond with the No. in the book, and "Spong, No. 33, Bryanston-street"—that was all I wrote on it—there is now written on it the figure "1," and "sovereign, Received the above, Strong"—when the carrier has the money and the receipt, he should get it signed by the party to whom it is addressed—sometimes they also write the amount in the letter, but not always—this is the carrier's voucher for having delivered the letter—the carrier who has signed the book here is "R. Oliver"—I am not prepared to swear I delivered it to the prisoner, but I delivered it to the person who wrote his name here—I know he was a carrier at that time.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Your business is in the Inland office? A. Yes—my duty ended when I delivered the letter to the person who put his name to the book.





JAMES LAWRENCE
. I am inspector of letter-carriers in the General Post-office—the prisoner was in the service of the office in February last, as a letter-carrier—Bryanston-street was in his district—on the 1st of April he absented himself from duty, and was dismissed a few days afterwards—an application was made to me on the 18th of April, respecting a money-letter, directed to Miss Spong, being missed—I went to the prisoner's lodging in consequence of that, in James'-street, Sidmouth-street, Gray's Inn-lane, and saw him—I desired him to attend at the office, as some questions, were wished to be put to him—he did not come—I went to him again, accompanied by Mr. Peacock and Leadbitter, the officer—I took the money-book with me, and called his attention to the entry of this letter, signed, "R. Oliver"—he said it was his signature, and that he had delivered the letter, and taken a receipt, which he produced—this is the paper he produced—it was his duty to keep the receipt, as his voucher—he said he had delivered the letter to a boy, near Mrs. Martin's house, No.

33, Bryanston-street—that he asked the boy first, if they had a person named "Strong" in the house, as he read the name "Strong"—that the boy said it was right—he did not say that the boy looked at the letter; he said he then gave the boy the letter, telling him it was 4s. postage, and to get the receipt filled up, and he would call for it the following day—and on the following day, when he was receiving the postage for a letter nearly opposite, the boy brought him the receipt—I afterwards accompanied the prisoner to No. 33, Bryanston-street, and saw a boy in the passage—he stated to the boy that he had delivered the letter to him—the boy said he did not recollect it—the boy was firm that he did not deliver the letter to him—the boy was afterwards questioned in the pretence of Mrs. Martin, and firmly denied ever receiving the letter.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you do not mean to give us the actual language which passed between them, but merely the substance? A. I believe 1 have stated nearly what passed—the boy said he did not recollect it, in fact, he had never received the letter—I had known the prisoner's lodging from the time he was first appointed to the Post-office, which was about twelve months—his lodging was recorded in the office—the receipts are vouchers for the letter-carriers—they need not produce them at the Post-office, unless called upon to do so—I should consider he would preserve them for his own safety—he might have destroyed the receipt if he pleased—he produced it with several others—I did not tell him the object of my visit—I said he was to answer some questions—he has accounted for the 4s.—I have no doubt he accounted for it in due course—he never varied his statement of the manner in which he handed over the letter, and the person he gave it to—I am not the person to whom he would account for the 4s.—he admitted that the writing in the book was his—he went readily with me to Mrs. Martin's to make the inquiry—I believe he has delivered letters in that district from three to six months—no doubt several money letters went through his hands in that time;—he had a file of seven, eight, or ten receipts, which he produced to me.

MR. SCARLETT. Q. When a postman has letters to deliver, is he not charged with the postage of every letter? A. Yes; in one total sum—the 4s. would be included in the amount—if he did not account for the whole sum, the attention of the office would be called to the transaction.





GEORGE LEADBITTER
. I am an officer. I accompanied Mr. Lawrence to the prisoner's lodging, on the 23rd of April—I was present when the book was shewn him—his attention was called to his signature in the money letter-book—he said it was his writing, and that he recollected the letter very well, as there was some writing with red ink on the face of it—he said he received the postage the next morning, after he delivered the letter to the boy—he was asked for the receipt, which he produced, and said it was the receipt he received for the letter—I went with Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Peacock, and the prisoner, to Mrs. Martin's, in Bryanston-street—as soon as we got to the door of No. 33, it was opened by a boy—the prisoner said, "That is the boy I gave, the letter to"—he said he had met him in the street on the morning the letter was to be delivered, and knowing him to be Mrs. Martin's boy, he asked him if there was a person of the name of "Strong," or "Stong," in the house, and the boy said yes, it was all right—that he gave him the letter and the receipt, and told him to get the receipt filled up, with the sum of money that was in the letter, and the postage was 4s.—he was to call for it next morning; and that as he was delivering his letters, or collecting postage, next morning, opposite No. 33,

that the boy came over to No. 11, and gave him the postage, and the receipt, which he produced—he said all this before he saw the boy—when we got to the house, the boy was asked about it, and denied ever having received the letter, and having paid 4s. postage to the prisoner, at any time at all—he said so at once, and when he was confronted with the prisoner, he persisted in denying having received the letter from him, or a receipt, at all—I desired the prisoner to write on a piece of paper, "one sovereign"—this is his writing—I asked him to write his name, and "No. 33, Bryan-ston-street," then "one sovereign," and "Miss Spong"—he had written a figure "1," and spelt sovereign, "sovering."

Cross-examined. Q. Did all this pass on the subject of the letter before you got to the house? A. Yes.

MR. PEACOCK. I am clerk to Mr. Peacock, the solicitor of the Post-office. I went with Mr. Lawrence to the prisoner's lodging—his evidence is correct—I went to Mrs. Martin's—the boy positively denied having received such a letter from the prisoner, addressed to Miss Spong, and said that he never at any one time paid him the 4s., nor had he ever seen a paper like the receipt produced before, until about a fortnight previous, when a letter was delivered by another letter-carrier, with a similar receipt—the prisoner made the statement Leadbitter has given, and the boy said he never received a money-letter for Miss Spong, and that he never in any one instance paid him 4s. postage.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you examined before the Magistrate? A. I was not—the boy appears about fifteen years old—he did not use the words "in any instance"—I did not take down his words.





WILLIAM SONGEST
. I am fifteen years old, and am in the employment of Mrs. Martin, of Bryanston-street, and have been so nearly twelve months; this is the second time of my living with her—Miss Spong lives in our house—there is no person named Strong—I know the prisoner by his delivering letters—he never delivered a letter at our house, for which I afterwards gave him a receipt—nor in the street—I never paid him a postage of 4s. on any letter—I never paid him 4s. at No. 11, or thereabouts—I once paid him 9d. at No. 11, but I did not give him a receipt—I cannot recollect when that was—I have never received letters from him in the street—I did not deliver this paper to him—no part of it is my writing—I know nothing of it—I can write—Mr. Sykes taught me to write.

Cross-examined. Q. How long had you known the prisoner? A. About six months, as the letter-carrier of the district—I have never talked to him, but asking him if there was any letter, and he has said "Yes" or "No;" that is all I have said to him—I think I have asked him twice, (not more to my recollection,) once in Portman-street, and once in Bryanston-street—I think Portman-street was the last time, but I cannot be certain—it was about a week before February—I think I did not receive any letters from him on either occasion, when I asked him if there was one—he answered me both times, "No"—I remember when the officer, Mr. Peacock, and the prisoner, came to my mistress's house—I think it was on a Thursday night—I think four persons came—nobody had spoken to me on the subject before that—I had had no conversation about the letter before that night—I never asked the prisoner if there was any letter for Miss Spong—I never asked him if there was any for Mrs. Martin—he once asked me for that name, but it was not a money-letter, and it was some time before that—I cannot recollect how long, but I

think it was about three weeks—Miss Spong had not told me she expected a letter—nobody had said any thing to me about one—they had not said they expected a letter from Ireland—when the four persons came to the house, they asked if Mrs. Martin was at home—they told me to wait outside a little, that I should be wanted, and after that, I was called into the room—I do not think Mrs. Martin was in the room when I went in—they had said nothing to me on the subject of a letter, before I was called into the room—the prisoner asked me whether I recollected taking in a letter—Mr. Lawrence was by at the time—I said, "I did not do such a thing"—that was all that passed before I went into the room—that was in the presence of the prisoner; and Mr. Lawrence, Leadbitter, and Mr. Peacock were up stairs in the room at the time—I said, in Mr. Lawrence's presence, that I did not recollect receiving the letter—that was in answer to the first question put to me—I never saw a letter given to a servant in the street—I never took one in the street myself; it has always been at the door—I should not have had the money to pay the postage in the street.

Q. Why was it you asked him on two occasions if he had got any letters? A. I should have gone back with him, and taken them up stairs to Mrs. Martin, and got the money—I never received a letter from a post-man in the street—I was in the room about a quarter of an hour—I was asked a good many questions, and I had to write my name down—I was asked if I ever had a receipt for a letter put into my hands—I think Mr. Peacock asked me—he and Leadbitter questioned me—the prisoner was in the room at the time—he said what I said was false—I was examined twice at Bow-street, and I went twice to the Post-office, where they asked me some questions—I went from there to Bow-street both times—Mr. Peacock asked me some questions at the Post-office.

Q. How came you to say you did not recollect any thing about it? A. Because I did not at first; but when I stood up and recollected myself I recollected not receiving the letter—I was uncertain at first whether I had received it or not—I recollected about a letter which we had up in the second floor, where Mr. Jeffries lived, but that was not from this postman; that was one without a livery—I heard the name mentioned of the person who signed the receipt for Mr. Jeffries's letter, which was a money-letter, but I did not sign that receipt—the postman offered me that letter, and I said I would go and fetch Mr. Jeffries down; that is since this—I never received a money-letter in my life, or signed a receipt—I do not remember paying the prisoner any postage higher than 2s. 3d., that was the highest I ever paid for a letter—it came from Paris, I think for Mrs. Martin—I do not know whether there was any thing in it—I am almost positive it was 2s. 3d.—I would not say it was not 2s. 4d.—I never had any quarrel with the prisoner—there is a boy about my size living at the shoemaker's, next door to us—there are two boys at No. 11—there is one at No. 31, and one at No. 32, and there is one more in Mrs. Martin's house, named Roberts—he is about fifteen or sixteen years old—he lives there with his mother and father who keep the house—Mrs. Martin is a lodger, and I am her errand-boy—Miss Spong lives there now.

Q. Did you ever happen to lose a letter while you were at Mrs. Martin's? A. Never—Miss Spong never asked me whether I had received a letter for her—she never told me she expected one—I left Mrs. Martin's more than two years ago—she then lived in the same house—I left her because I got a better place at Mr. Squib's, in Orchard-street—I never

served any body before that—I have lived at a Mr. Pitt's, a china-shop, in Berkley-street—Mrs. Martin's was my first place—I lived with Mr. Pitt about nine months—I left him because he stopped my money because I broke a pan—I left of my own accord—my mother took me away because he took my money—I never heard that he made any complaint against me—after leaving him I came back to Mrs. Martin's again—I lived with Mr. Cox, a butcher, in Portman-street, who I was going to be apprenticed to, but I did not like the business—that was before I went to Mr. Pitt—I was there about eight months—that was after I had left Mrs. Martin's the first time, and before I went to Mr. Pitt—I left her to go to Mr. Squib, a surgeon, in Orchard-street—I left him because I was very poorly one morning, and went out in the Park to take a walk, I stopped longer than I should have done, and my work was not done, and he turned me away—he gave me no other reason—I have been at jobs at places in the neighbourhood, wherever I could earn 1s. when I have been out of place—I have done jobs for about three persons, I think—I do not recollect telling Mr. Flower, at Bow-street, that I had not lived with any one but Martin and Squib.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was there ever at any one of those places a charge of dishonesty made against you? A. Never; all that passed when I was at the Post-office was in the prisoner's presence.

COURT. Q. Before you were called into the room, you said to Mr. Lawrence, that you did not recollect having received such a letter? A. Yes—I had opened the door to them—the prisoner said, "That is the boy"—he did not say what he meant in my hearing.

Q. Did you ever say to any body at anytime, that you once received a letter from the prisoner for Miss Spong, and paid 1s. for it? A. Yes, I do recollect that I said so—I do not recollect when it was—I think it was soon after I went into Mrs. Martin's service the last time—I received that letter at the house—I have been a year with Mrs. Martin the second time—I cannot recollect whether I received the letter from the prisoner or any other letter-carrier—I do not recollect to whom I paid the 1s.—I said I paid it to the prisoner, and I think it was to the prisoner—I am sure I paid 1s., but I do not know to whom.





MARY ANN SPONG
. I reside in the house of Mrs. Martin, Bryanston-street—I am the daughter of Mr. Spong, of Kilkenny—I did not receive a letter in February last from him, containing a sovereign—I did not expect one at that time, nor know one was going to be sent—this name of "Strong" on the receipt is not my hand-writing.





JOHN SYKES
. I taught Songest to write—I know his hand-writing—no part of this receipt is his hand-writing.

Prisoner's Defence. I delivered the letter to the boy in the usual way—he is the only person who takes the letters—I met him, and asked him for the name of Strong—he said that was all right—I gave him the letter, and told him I would call next time on my delivery; and next morning he came over to me, at No. 11, and gave me the receipt and 4s.





JAMES WOODMAN
, a lawyer's clerk, of Collyer-street, Pentonville, gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY
. Aged 27—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Littledale.

