



1885. 



JOHN MORRIS, alias
 Wilkins, alias
 Smith

, was indicted

 for feloniously putting off a counterfeit half-crown to 



William Adams, well knowing it to be counterfeit; he having been previously convicted of utter ing counterfeit coin.






MR. CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of John Morris—I have examined it with the original—it is a correct copy—(read.)

HAWKINS. I was present at the prisoner's trial in 1835—I was his prosecutor—he was convicted in the name of Morris.





WILLIAM ADAMS
. I am servant to Mr. York, of Shoreditch. On the 15th of July, he sent me to Mr. Hyde, of Brunswick-street, for 17s. 6d.—I went and received seven half-crowns, and when I came out of the factory in Haggerstone-lane, I noticed that there was five new ones and two old ones—I had them in my hand—I met the prisoner by the Green-gate, Hackney road, about two hundred yards from where I was looking at them—he came up to me and said, "It has been a very wet day, my man"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Your work is very dirty work," and then he said, "I have been all over the place to get two half-crowns for five shillings, for I want to send them in a letter down into the country to somebody"—he said, "I will give anybody 1d. if they could give them to me"—I looked at him and said, "I can do that, Sir"—he said, "Can you, my man"—I said" Yes"—I took the half-crowns out of my jacket pocket, and had them in my hand—he said, "Give me the two old ones"—he pulled them over, took the two, put his hand into his pocket, and said, "Lord bless me, if I have not lost my 5s.; but, never mind, here is the 1d. for your trouble"—he gave me two half-crowns back out of his pocket, and 1d.—I did not make any particular observation of them, but put them into my pocket with the other half-crowns—he said, "Now if you will go down Castle-street, to Reynolds, the farrier, and tell him I want him, I will give you another 1d."—I went and inquired, but found no such person lived there—I came back and told him there was no such person—he said, "It is of no consequence, my man, here is your 1d., and thank you—good night"—and I bid him good night—I went to my master's and gave him the half-crowns—I told him what had happened, and how I had earned 2d.—he directly said the half-crowns were both bad, and I told a policeman—on the 18th of July I saw the prisoner in Norton Falgate, about one hundred yards off—I ran over to him—he made a sudden stop, looked at me, and then ran, and I hallooed" Stop thief"—Mr. Jones stopped him—he then put his hand

into his waistcoat pocket and dropped two crown pieces, which Jones took out of the gutter—I said, was he not ashamed of himself to take in a poor boy like me—he made no reply.

Prisoner. What do you swear to me by? Witness. He has got a nasty down look—I know him by hanging his head down so, and when I gave him the money he trembled like a leaf—I shall be sixteen years old next July.





THOMAS HYDE
. I paid Adams 17s. 6d. on the 15th of July, in 7 half crowns, which I had received from Mr. Ditchett, a grocer, in Whitechapel the evening before—I believe it all to have been good—I examined it—turned it out on the table and rung it, and looked at it piece by piece—I have since seen two half-crowns—I do not believe they formed part of what I paid the lad—I could see that they were bad, easily, and do not think it possible I could have taken those two for good ones—I did not take notice of the half-crowns I paid the lad, but I remember most of what I received in half-crowns were new—I received 10l. in silver, and 3l. 10s. was in half-crowns—I have not found any bad money among it.





JOHN YORK
. I sent Adams to Mr. Hyde to receive 17s. 6d.—he brought me back seven half-crowns—I looked at them in about two minutes, when he began to tell me about the boy—I pulled them out of my pocket and found two bad ones with five more—I rolled them up in paper, put them into my waistcoat pocket, and afterwards delivered them to the policeman—I am positive they are the same—I am positive I had no other money in the pocket I put them into—I had just changed my trowsers, and had no silver about me.





WILLIAM JONES. I
 am waiter at the Cock. On the 18th of June I saw the prisoner running in White Lion-street, pursued by Adams, crying "Stop thief"—I caught hold of him at the corner of a street he was going to run down, and at the same time I saw him drop two five-shilling pieces, which I took up—I met the policeman and gave him into custody with them—I saw a good crown-piece, sixpence, and some halfpence found on him.





JOSEPH MEAD
. I am a policeman. The prisoner was delivered into my charge, and I received these two five-shilling pieces—I searched him at the station-house and found a good five-shilling piece on him, sixpence, and 3 1/2 d.—he gave the name of George Wilkinson there, and then George Smith, and then Wilkins at the police-office, saying it was all the same, it mattered not to him what name he had.

MR. FIELD. I have examined the two half-crowns—they are both counterfeit and both cast in the same mould—the two crowns produced are counterfeit and both cast in one mould—they sound pretty much like silver—an accurate ear would detect it, but not easily.

MR. HYDE
re-examined. I was about a quarter of an hour examining and counting the silver—it was about six o'clock in the evening.

Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the lad—what he says is false.




GUILTY
. 


Transported for Life.

First Jury, before Mr. Justice Williams.

