



2326. 




CHARLES HENDERSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of October, 1 half-sovereign, 3 half-crowns, 2 shillings, and 1 six pence, the monies of 



Ann Maxton.






ANN MAXTON
. I am a widow, and keep a baker's shop, in Spencer-street. On Wednesday evening, the 11th of October, between eight and nine o'clock, the prisoner came to my shop, and asked for change for a sovereign—I laid it on the book—it was a good one—I gave him a half sovereign, three half-crowns, two shillings, and a sixpence change—he laid his hand on the sovereign, and changed it, and put a piece of coin down instead—he took my money, and ran away—I immediately discovered the exchange, and called after him—the servant girl, who was watching him, pursued him—he was brought back, and denied that he had been in the shop—I have not the slightest doubt of him—he was brought back in three minutes and a half.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you seen him before? A.No—I saw him for about two minutes then—he had a chain round his neck, like a watch-guard, with a knot in the middle, and a plaid waistcoat; and the man that was brought back had the same—he denied that he had been in the shop—I said, How can you say that, you good-for-nothing fellow?"—I put my hand into his pocket, and took out the money exactly as I had given him.





ANDREW MILLER
. I live in Wynyatt-street. On this evening the prosecutrix gave me the medal, and I went in pursuit of the prisoner—he was stopped—I assisted in bringing him back—Mrs. Maxton put her hand into to waistcoat pocket, and drew out the money.

Cross-examined. Q. Who stopped him? A. I do not know—I went up when he was stopped, and fetched him back—I went out and called

the police five or six times—he got out of the shop, and ran away—I did not run after him then—there were a number of people collected round the door—Mrs. Maxton said she would not have any thing more to do with it as she had got her money—he was brought back by the officer, in five or six minutes, or ten minutes at the most.





MARY CHECKLEY
. I am a widow, living next to Mrs. Maxton. On this evening the prisoner came into my shop for a quarter of a pound of tea—he produced a good sovereign—I had no change, and he went next door—I have no doubt it was the prisoner—my window and hers face each other—they are corner houses—I could sec him go in—he told me he lived at No. 17, Northampton-square—I saw him go out—he walked very quickly—there was a hue and cry, and he was brought back.

Cross-examined. Q. How long was he in your shop? A. Some time—he said he wanted very good tea, I said, "The six-shilling tea ii very good"—he said, "I want better than that."





GEORGE HOPE WHITEWAY
 (police-constable G 189.) A young man in Perceval-street pointed the prisoner out, and I told him he must come back with me to the shop—he said I had better be careful what I was about; he was a respectable man; he did not get his living by passing bad money—I took him—he denied coming into the shop—the old lady said, "You villain, it was you that came in."




GUILTY
. * Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
