



2443. 




HANNAH WELLS
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of June, 1 spoon, value 2s. 6d.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 4s.; 1 ring, value 6d.; 1 medal, value 1d.; 1 pair of scales and case, value 1s.; 2 marbles, value 6d.; 1 slipper, value 3d.; 3 towels, value 3s.; 1 d'oiley, value 16d.; 1 shift, value 5s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 tin box, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pincushion, value 6d.; 3/4 of a yard of ribbon, value 6d.; and 1 pillow case, value 1s.; the goods of 



Benjamin Fuller Hopkins, her master.






BENJAMIN FULLER HOPKINS
. I live in Lambeth. The prisoner was a servant of mine—she came about April, and continued till June—my wife gave her warning, and she left—we did not miss this property at the moment—but shortly after she left us a policeman called, stating that several articles were found in the prisoner's box.





ALFRED DRAPER RYCROFT
. I apprehended the prisoner at Mr. Jermyn's house on the 7th of October—I saw the silver spoon found—and the other property was in her box—I did not ask her how she came by it—I found out the prosecutor from information from Mr. Jermyn.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did not she request you to keep the box unlocked as it was? A. Yes—I had it unlocked—Mr. Jermyn proposed that it should be locked again—and she said, "No."





BENJAMIN FULLER HOPKINS

re-examined. This is my spoon—I have looked at all this property—it is mine.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you miss this spoon? A. Long before the policeman came—I had a good character with her—as far as I knew she deserved a good character—when she left we gave her a good character—my initials are on the handkerchief—I could not speak positively to certain dresses that were found in her box, but I can to the spoon and handkerchief—nothing is here that was not before the Magistrate—we had not then inspected her boxes—there were some handkerchiefs I could not swear to, because the corners had been cut off—but I can to these.

MRS. HOPKINS. These are my property.
(James Payne, of Kingston-terrace, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
