



320. 




JOHN M'GRATH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of December, 1 watch, value 19l.; and 1 guard-chain, value 1l.; the goods of 



John Crawford, from his person.






JOHN CRAWFORD
. I live in Wood-street, Goswell-street. On Sunday night, the 1st of December, I left my friend's house in the neighbourhood of Vincent-square, Westminster—I had been drinking—I have some recollection of being with a soldier in several public-houses in the neighbourhood of the Strand—I recollect being in the station-house, and being asked if I had a watch, I was shown this watch, which is mine, but it had a silver guard chain to it, which was not on it then—this is it—(examining it.)

Prisoner. Q. Do you recollect giving me the watch? A. I cannot swear from the state I was in that I did not; but I have no recollection of it.





RUPERT RICHBELL
 (police-constable F 109.) At a quarter before six o'clock on Monday morning, the 2nd of December, I was in the Strand—I saw the prisoner and prosecutor together at the corner of Wellington-street—I went and asked the prosecutor if he had any money—he said, "No; only a few shillings"—I said, had he lost any thing—he said, "No"—I asked if he had a watch—he said, "Yes; a gold watch"—I asked if he had been in the company of any one—he said, "No; only this gentleman," (meaning the prisoner) calling him Captain some one—I then asked the prisoner if he knew any thing of that watch—he said, no, he did not—I asked if he had seen the prosecutor have any watch while he was with him—he said, "No"—he then took the prosecutor by the arm, and said, "Come along; with the watch; what do we care about the watch?"—I detained them, and said, "We will all go to the station-house together"—the prisoner said he should not bother himself about it; very likely the gentleman left it with the landlord of the last public-house where they had been drinking—I took hold of the prisoner's arm to take him to the station-house—he resisted a long time—I called assistance from another constable, and we took him—in going along, he turned and said, "The gentleman knows where the watch is"—the prosecutor said he did not—the prisoner said, "I do"—I said, "Yes; I believe you do; and I believe I do; I believe you have it"—I took him to the station-house, and in one of his pockets I found the watch, which the prosecutor said was his, but it had had a silver guard-chain to it, and under a pair of gloves, in another of the prisoner's pockets, I found this guard-chain—the prisoner resisted very much—I was forced to get over the bars and search him by force—he appeared to have been drinking, but knew what he was about—be is a private in the Guards.





ALLEN PHILLIPS
 (police-constable F 48.) I saw the prosecutor and prisoner about half-past four that morning in New Church-court, Strand—they had just come out of a public-house—the prosecutor had a Macintosh cloak on—I saw a guard-chain around his neck, where the Macintosh was open—the prisoner bad hold of his arm, and was pulling him down towards the Strand—the prosecutor did not appear so much intoxicated as for me to lake them, and I did not interfere.


Prisoner's Defence. I was going to barracks, and met this gentleman—he laid, "Come with me, and have something to drink, you being an officer of the Guards"—we went to several public-houses, and got intoxicated—I might deny having the watch to the policeman, but I have no recollection of it.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.
