





1921. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     GALLOWAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of May
, at St. James, Westminster


, 18 silver spoons, value 9l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Fenton
                        




                     
                  , the younger, in his dwelling-house
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  PEACH
               



            . On the 29th of June, when this happened, I was chief waiter at Mr. Fenton's hotel, St. James'-street


 - he lives there; the prisoner was second waiter
, and had been so more than five months; the plate was in my immediate custody; it was the prisoner's duty to clean it. On the 23rd of June I lost three salt-spoons, which raised my suspicion; and on the 29th I went into the plate-room, and while I was counting the plate up the prisoner came down and told me he was very sorry, but he had taken twenty-two table-spoons and pawned them, and had the duplicates in his box, at the top of the house; while I was speaking to Mr. Fenton he went up, brought the duplicates down, and, in his confusion, dropped them - they were picked up and given to me.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. I believe he said he had pawned them, but not with intent to steal them? A. He did, and if Mr. Fenton would give him time he would take them out.


                  PETER 
                  TATE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, of Crown-row, Walworth - I formerly lived with Mr. Barclay, a pawnbroker. I have five table-spoons, which were pawned at various times - I cannot say who by; these are the duplicates of them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SADLER THOMAS
               



            . I am an inspector of Police. Mr. Fenton put these duplicates into my hand, in the prisoner's presence; I asked the prisoner what they were - he said they were duplicates of property he had unfortunately taken, and which he was sorry for.
Cross-examined. Q. Were not his words, that he had unfortunately pledged them? A. No.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ROSIER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have three table-spoons, which were pawned by the prisoner on the 10th and 21st of January.
FRANCIS FENTON. I keep this hotel
. These spoons are mine.
Cross-examined. Q. How long was he in your service? A. He came about January; I received a good character with him - he found 20l. in my house at one time, and gave it up.
Prisoner's Defence. I most conscientiously call God to witness, it was the most remote of my thoughts that the prosecutor should sustain any injury - had I not resorted to this measure I must have suffered incarceration, which I trust will be a sufficient cause for your merciful consideration.
The prisoner received a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 30.
Recommended to Mercy. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
