



128. 




MARTIN ISINGBOTTLE, alias
 Holt,

 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Milner, on the 
23rd of November, at the hamlet of 
Mile-end New-town, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 waistcoat, value 6s.6d., his goods.






WILLIAM MILNER
. I am a hair-dresser, and live in Church-street, Mile-end New-town—I am the housekeeper On Monday evening, the 23rd of November, a little after five o'clock, I had put a light in my shop—I never light up till it is dard—mine is a closed window—I had between 10l. and 12l. worth of clothes in my window—a pane of glass was starred, but not broken—I was at tea in the room behind the shop—nobody was in the shop—a little boy ran in, and gave me a alarm—my wife went out—I went to the window, and disvoverd a space where I had put some waistcoats in the morning—a piece of glass had been picked out, large enough to let one waistcoat go out at a time—they could not get to the waistcoats without putting a hand in—I missed three waistcoats—my wife returned—she had met the prisoner, who told her he had met some boys running up the next street—he was standing against the door by my wife, and heard what I said—I said, "My dear, you had better come in, for very likely he is one of the party"—she came in, and the prisoner went on—the little boy ran over, and gave me information; and I went after him, with my wife—we overtook him, and my wife took a waistcoat from under his jacket, in my presence—It was quite a new one—the policeman, was there, and she gave it to me—I am certain he is the man.





JOSEPH RUDGE
. I am a policeman. I was present on this occasion, and have a waistcoat which I took out of the prosecutrix's hands—I had seen her take it from the prisoner.





JOHN PARMENTER
. I am ten years of age—my father is a pork butcher, and lives in Church-street, nearly opposite the prosecutor's. I know the prisoner—I never saw him before this happened—I was at my father's door, and saw the prisoner by the light in Milner's window—he was looking in at the window, but turned round, and I saw his face—I am quite certain of him—I saw him take a waistcoat out of Mr. Milner's window—I had seen him looking in at the window three times, and go round the back street three times; and, at last, I saw him take away the waistcoat—I did not see what he did to the glass—I went over to tell Mr. Milcer—I saw the prisoner at the door afterwards, and said he was the boy who took the waistcoat,
(Properly produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I had not done work half an hour—I came along the street, behind a boy who was throwing something down, and I took it up—I did not know what it was.




GUILTY
 of Stealing only. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

