



1396. 




JOHN IRELAND
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of May, 1 coat, value 20s., the goods of 




Harmanes Minke.






HARMANES MINKE
. I am a toll-collector at the turnpike in the Commercial-road. I left a great-coat in the box of the toll-house, on the 13th of May, about a quarter before eight o'clock, while I went to breakfast—a man named Wellen ran up, and said something—I went to the box, where I had left my coat, and it was gone—the prisoner was standing about six yards off when I put it there.





JOHN WELLEN
. I am a collector of tolls at Sidney-street bar, Commercial-road, that is the next turning to the bar where Minke stands. As I was going to breakfast I saw the prisoner's and another man's hands in the box at the toll-bar where Minke stands—I went and told Minke I had seen the prisoner about there before—I am quite sure

he was one of those who had his hands in the box—I did not see him take the coat I went to let the prosecutor know.





EDWARD KIRBY DARLINGTON
. (City police-constable, No. 11.) On the morning of the 13th of May I saw the prisoner in Bishopsgate Without, about half-past eight or twenty minutes to nine o'clock—that is about a mile and a half form the toll-bar—he was walking along when I first saw him, holding up this coat as if exposing it for sale—I asked how he came by it—he said it was his own, and he brought it from Farnham, in Surrey—in the mean time he put the coat on his back, and asked me if I thought it fitted him—I said yes, but I should take him into custody, on suspicion of having stolen it, and keep him till I found the owner; which I did shortly after—he stated nothing more as to how he came by it.





WILLIAM BOYCE
 (police-constable K 65.) I apprehended a man named Hutchinson, and when he was in custody I asked the prisoner whether Hutchinson was not with him when he stole the coat, he said, "Yes, he was."

Prisoner. That is false—the policeman asked me no questions at all.





EDWARD KIRBY DARLINGTON
. I was standing by, and heard the prisoner make that reply to Boyce.

Prisoner. He asked me if I was not the young man who was with Hutchinson the over night, when he pawned a handkerchief—that was all he said to me.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
