





840. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     STOCKMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of April
, 6 shirts, value 4l.; 1 shift, value 1s.; 3 towels, value 6d.; 2 petticoats, value 2s.; 1 pinafore, value 2d.; 2 aprons, value 6d.; and one scarfe, value 1s. 6d.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Broad
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  NASH
               



             (police-constable D 116). On the 25th of April, I was at the corner of Montague-square, and met the prisoner about half-past one o'clock, running and carrying a bundle - I stopped him and asked what he had got - he said, Nothing, only a bit or two of bacon, which was given him at Paddington - I found it was this property, and took him to the station-house - I knew him before.


                  JOHN 
                  NASH
               



             (police-constable D 129). I was with Nash - what has been stated is correct - I searched the prisoner, and found these other things in his hat - I found the prosecutor in the morning.


                  MARY 
                  BROAD
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Broad
               



            . I take in washing, and live in Wyndham Mews, Bryanston-square


, this shift is mine, and has my name on it - the others are things I had to wash - they had been in a room over the stable - I think the person must have got up a ladder, and got them - they were safe at twelve o'clock when I went to bed.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in liquor, and met a youngman who asked me if I knew any body that did ironing - I said I knew a person would be glad to do them - I was taking them when I was stopped by the policeman.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
