



1905. 




ANN HAINES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of August, two pillows, value 5s.; 1 bolster, value 4s.; 2 blankets value 5s.; 1 kettle, value 7s.; 6 plates, value 1s. 6d.; 1 shift, value 2s. 6d.; 2 bed-gowns, value 5s. 2 pairs of stockings, value 4s.; 1 printed book, value 9d.; 2 towels, value 4d.; 4 collars, value 1s.; 4 yards of ribbon, value 16d.; 1 busk, value 1d.; 1 cap, value 1d.; 1 pillow-case, value 4d.; and 1 apron, value 4d.; the goods of 



Mary Richardson.






MARY RICHARDSON
. I am single, and lodge in Moor-street, Marylebone. I went to Gravesend, and left the key of my room with Mr. Thorigan—the prisoner lodged in the front parlour, and was the only person in the house when I left—I came back on the 8th of August, but did not sleep there that night—on the 9th I missed the articles stated in the indictement—I met the prisoner in the passage the evening I came home—she asked if I was come home so early—I said, "Yes"—she then left the house, and I did not see her again till I saw her in the street, and gave her into custody—she then had on one of my aprons—she said she had not robbed me—I said, "This is some of my property"—she made no answer, but afterwards said she bought it at a shop—I said, "I am certain it is mine;" I have the fellow one to match it; I made it myself.

Prisoner. The night she came home, I was told I could not sleep there—I bought the apron of Mrs. Richardson, the landlady—the woman who was in charge of the house brought a man to sleep there, and the landlady would not let him come again. Witness. I left the apron in my room on the 19th of July, and left my key with a woman whom is not have—the Magistrate said she need not come—I went to the prisoner's lodging—she gave us three different directions—I found some things at No. 20, Little Exeter-street—the policeman was with me—she gave us that direction,

and I found her little girl there—a Prayer-book, four collars, one child's cap, and some bits of lace were found there.

Prisoner. The Prayer-book belonged to Ellen Moran, who came out of the hospital, and the prosecutrix said she lost a Prayer-book with the names of her children in it—she left her own husband, to go to Gravesend with another man—she has not a blanket to cover her—they are all in pawn—these bits of things are my own—there is a collar sixteen years old, I brought it from Wales—she has done this out of spite—her sister robbed me of 5s., and gave me a black eye. Witness. My sister never saw the prisoner—there is no name in the book—it was given to me by Colonel Newbury—I did not go to Gravesend with a man—I have lost two blankets but have not pawned any—two of the collars are my own work, and the other one I bought—this ribbon and busk I bought, and all these little things—I have not found the blanket—I never quarrelled with her, nor had any spite—she always professed great kindness, and promised to get me work.





JOSEPH OCKLEY
 (police-constable D83.) I went with the prosecutrix last Monday night about half-past seven o'clock, and found the prisoner sitting near an apple-stall—the prosecutrix said, "I give her in charge for robbing me"—I asked her of what—she mentioned various articles—I said, "You must go with me to the station-house," and on the way the prosecutrix said, "She has got my apron on now"—I did not hear the prisoner's reply, but in going to the office she said she had bought the apron at a shop, and afterwards that she bought it of a woman living in the same street—I asked her where she lived—she said, "No. 18, Little Exeter-street," and then she said it was No. 20—I found her lodging at No. 20.

Prisoner. I told the Magistrate I bought the apron of a woman who came before the Justice. Witness. A woman in a black gown, who she said she bought it of, was at the office, but she denied it.

Prisoner's Defence. That was the woman she left minding the house—I wore it the night the prosecutrix came home—all the things are my own—she has done this for the sake of the money.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
