




1172. 




JAMES BLACK
 and 




CHARLES BLACK
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
9th of April, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 



George Hyde, from his person.






GEORGE HYDE
. I am in the service of Mr. Rogers, of Woburn-place Shortly after eleven o'clock in the morning, on the 9th of April, I was in Sheffield-street, Clare-market, and observed three young men following me—I felt a tug at my pocket—I went a few yards further, and felt another tug—I looked round, and saw my handkerchief in the hands of the prisoner James Black—they were all three behind me together—I saw him fold the handkerchief up, and put it into his pocket—I asked him to give me my handkerchief—he said, "What handkerchief?"—I went to take hold of him, and they all three ran away—Charles Black was one of them—I pur-sued them through Sheffield-street into Clement's-lane, back into Sheffield-street, and Charles Black threw the handkerchief at me—I am sure it was him—they had changed it from one to the other—I picked it up—they sepa-rated in Clare-market, and Charles went a contrary road—I followed James into a house, where I stopped till a policeman came, and took him out—I delivered the handkerchief to the constable—it was a silk one—next day I was attending at Bow-street, and saw Charles come to the office, and he was put to the bar—I am sure he was one of the two who were close to me, and who threw my handkerchief down—James was the one that threw it, he had it in his hand after Charles—I had seen them shift it behind them.

James Black. Charles was not with me at all. Witness. I am certain of him.





HENRY CURTIS
 (police-constable F 100.) I was on duty in Clare-market, and saw James Black and another running in a direction for Clement's-lane, and the prosecutor following them—I followed after a third, who was in their company—I saw the prosecutor stop at a door, and he said one had gone in there—I found James behind the door in the back parlour, and the pro-secutor pointed him out as one of them—I asked him what he ran. away for, and he said he ran because the others ran.

James Black. I am innocent, and Charles bad nothing to do with it at all.

J. BLACK—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

C. BLACK—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Seven Years.
