






864. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SEALL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SIMPSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John Huish 
                           Webber
                        




                     
                  , on the 15th of April
, at St. Giles-in-the-fields, and stealing therein 1 cruetstand, value 12l.; four cruets, value 1l.; 1 coat, value 1l. 10s.; 3 silver spoons, value 1l.; 2 knife-rests, value 5s.; 1 milk-ewer, value 10s.; and 1 chimney ornament and shade, value 5s., his goods
            .
MR. CRESWELL conducted the Prosecution.


                  MARY 
                  COTTER
               



            . I am a servant, in the employ of Mr. John Huish Webber, who lives at No. 3, Caroline-street, Bedford-square, in the parish of St. Giles-in-the-fields


. I know the prisoner Seall - on the 15th of April, he came to the house and asked me to go up stairs, and ask the nurse whether she would go to Astley's play-house - I said I would go up and ask her - he came into the passage, and I shut the door - I went up three pairs of stairs - I came down again, and when within three yards of the bottom, I thought I saw the door shut as quick as lightning - the prisoner was still there - he seemed very much agitated - I told him the nurse said she could not come, and he went away - that was about half-past seven o'clock in the morning - the nurse came down stairs about eight o'clock, and went into the parlour - I went in with her - and we then discovered that a cruet-stand, knife-rests, salt-spoons, and a coat were gone - the plate was standing on the sideboard, and the coat in the parlour closet - I had seen them just before Seall came - nobody but Seall had been at the street door, before I went up stairs that morning.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. How old are you? A. Sixteen next August - I desired him to walk into the passage while I went down stairs; and when I came down he was still there - I told the magistrate that he was in a very agitated state - he was all of a tremble - I had seen him there twice before - he came on Wednesday - the nurse is not here - she is at home - I missed the things about eight o'clock in the morning - I was in the house from half-past seven to eight o'clock - the parlour was cleaned when the prisoner came - I was clearing away in the kitchen after the prisoner left - how many persons might have come to the door after he came and before the things were missed, I cannot tell - I knew that he was acquainted with the nurse.


                  JOHN 
                  HUISH WEBBER
               



            . I live at No. 3, Caroline-street, in the parish of St. Giles-in-the-fields, and am the housekeeper - I was called down, and missed the silver cruet-stand, mustard-pot, and other things, worth 20l. at the least - the coat was a brown Petersham, with a velvet collar.


                  CAROLINE 
                  NICHOLSON
               



            . I am the daughter of Mr. Nicholson, who lives at No. 12, Caroline-street, opposite Mr. Webber's. On the 15th of April, about half-past seven o'clock, I was at the front parlour window, and saw three men come out of Mr. Webber's house - two came out a little before the last - I did not perceive the door closed when the two came out - Seall came out last; and I know Simpson, I think, by his dress; but I am not sure he was one of them - I believe it was him - one of the two that came out first had a coat - I believe it was Simpson - it was a sort of brown coat; a thick-looking coat - I think it was rough - two of the men went up the street, and Seall turned the other way.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You do not take on yourself to swear positively to Simpson? A. No. I may be mistaken.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long had you been up? A. I was up at six o'clock, and had been in the parlour all that time. I saw three men come out - Seall was one - I do not think the door shut - Seall had nothing with him that I perceived - I saw nothing sticking out of his pocket - I did not take notice.


                  SAMPSON 
                  DARKIN CAMPBELL
               



            . (police-constable E 14). I apprehended Seall on the afternoon of the 15th of April, at his aunt's, in Greek-street, Tottenham-court-road. I neither threatened nor promised him - I cautioned him - on our way to the station-house he stated something, but in the absence of the other prisoners - he seemed very agitated, and at last said, "I had nothing to do with the robbery - I certainly did open the door, and let the parties in, and while they were removing the property I stood behind the door"- I said, "As you have stated so much, the least you can do is to offer all the reparation in your power; and if you know where the property is, tell me" - he said, "I do not know" - I apprehended Simpson at the Mischief public-house, in Oxford-street.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you told us all that Seall said of himself? A. Yes. He told me he opened the door and beckoned to them, and they came in - it escaped me to mention that at the moment - I did not say he might as well tell me all about it - on the contrary, I told him if he said any thing, I should use it in all probability against him in evidence - it was when he was going from the station-house to Hatton-garden he mentioned about beckoning to the men, in the same conversation, but after that - I knew where to find him from information I received from Mr. Webber first, and subsequently from his servant - there are two servants - I think it was Cotter, not from the nursery-maid - they were both in the room at the time.
(
               
                  MARY 
                  COTTER
               



            . It was not me.) Witness. Then it must have been from the nursery-maid - I got the information from one of the two - they were both in the office of Mr. Webber at the time - the nursery-maid was never before the magistrate - it was asked at the office, and Mr. Laing told me it was not necessary - Mr. Laing asked if she was present, and Mr. Mallett gave some explanation why she was not there, which satisfied him - he did not ask for her twice - I am certain about that.


                  MARGARET 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am a servant at the Mischief public-house, in Oxford-street. I know both the prisoners by using the house - on Saturday night they were both in the tap-room together - I cannot say what day of the month it was - it was on the Saturday before they were taken up- there was another person with them, a sailor - and on Tuesday they were both at the bar drinking a pint of beer about seven o'clock in the morning - that was Simpson and Butcher, not Seall - our house is near Charlotte-street, Soho-square - on the Saturday previous Seall was there with them - on the Monday I saw them all three at the Mischief until about eleven o'clock at night.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. A good many persons frequent the house? A. Yes; there was nothing remarkable about them them, nor on the Tuesday.
Seall's Defence. What the policeman says is very false - I never said any thing of the kind to him - I put it to yourselves, Gentleman, whether I should use those words - it is dreadful - this young man was not in my company at all that evening - I had a letter from my sister to tell me to ask the nurse to go to the theatre - it was not that night - it was Wednesday.


                  MARGARET 
                  STONE
               



            . I live at No. 2, Greek-street. I was in Mr. Webber's service as servant of all-work - I had left on Friday before this transaction - I have known Seall seven years - Mrs. Wimpley, the wet nurse, was acquainted with Seall - I am not married to Seall - his character was upright and just in every thing - he is a shoemaker - he came to me backwards and forwards to No. 71, Oxford-street, which is a jeweller and silversmith's - he visited me there for seven months.
MR. CRESWELL. Q. What name do you go by? A. Margaret Stone - I am not married to Seall - I borrowed a shawl of one of the servants to go to be married to him, but I was not married - we were too late for church - that was on the Sunday before, this happened on the Tuesday - I did not go another day to be married - I received a letter on Monday evening from his sister Emma, and it was on the Wednesday evening following that he went to the theatre - I know the handwriting of the letter - I received it on the Monday evening - I asked the prisoner to go to the nurse and ask her if she could go to the play on the Wednesday evening, with me and a friend or two more.


                  MARY 
                  COTTER
               



             re-examined. That was the message he brought to the nurse - the street door was shut when I came down, and found the prisoner still there.
SMITH. I have known Simpson two years I am a saddler, and live in Newton-street, Holborn - Simpson has got his living by butchering - he has had a situation - I was in his company on the 15th, from seven o'clock in the morning until five in the evening, looking after employment- I was out of employ - I was not with him in Caroline-street - I do not know it.
MR. CRESSWELL. Q. Did you appear before the magistrate? A. I did; they asked me if it was the day he was taken that I was with him - I said, "Yes," thinking that was the day of the robbery - I was with him on the 13th and 14th both days - I mean the 15th and 16th, looking after work every morning - he used to call for me - I didnot see any thing of Butcher that morning - I was not with him at the Mischief - he came to meet me in Newton-street.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. What time did you meet him in the morning? A. About seven, or a little after - I believe we went into the Mischief about five o'clock in the afternoon.
Q. If it has been said, he was at the Mischief at seven in the morning, that must be wrong? A. I cannot be certain of the time - it might be a little after seven that he came to me - the Mischief is about three minutes' walk from Holborn.


                  CAROLINE 
                  NICHOLSON
               



             re-examined. I never saw the witness, Smith, before.
MARGARET ANDERSON re-examined. The witness Smith and prisoner Simpson were at the public-house on Tuesday, the 15th of April, about five o'clock in the afternoon.
MR. WEBBER re-examined. I was before the magistrate, and saw Smith there - he gave evidence before the magistrate, which was not taken down.
SEALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Life
            .
SIMPSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
