






471. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of a man unknown, from his person
            .


                  PHILIP 
                  HENRY PARISH
               



            . I am one of the City-police, No. 45 - I was in Cheapside on the 17th of February, in the afternoon, between four and five - I saw the two prisoners within a few doors of Milk-street


 - I saw Smith take a handkerchief from a gentleman's coat pocket, and give it to the prisoner Turner, who looked round - both of them did - and saw me stepping from the opposite side, and immediately ran down Milk-street - I pursued, crying "Stop thief" - Smith was taken at the bottom of Milk-street, and Turner about three parts down - he was running with the handkerchief still in his hand - I have it here - I do not know the gentleman's name - I never found him - I had not time to give him notice.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Where was the handkerchief found? A. The handkerchief and the prisoner Turner were given into my hand at the same time by a young man, who stopped him - I did not know the prisoners before, but I never lost sight of them - I saw Turner stopped - I was about fifteen yards off - I raised a cry - I was first in the pursuit - two or three who joined in the pursuit, were between me and Turner, before he was stopped - I saw the handkerchief during the whole time in Turner's hand - the street was not crowded - it was rather clear - I have not known them before - I had not been watching them.
Turner. He did not find it on me - he says it was between four and five o'clock, and it was about twelve o'clock.
P. H. PARISH. I do not exactly know whether it was in the afternoon or no - I have had several cases of the sort, and not putting the time down in my book, I cannot recollect.
MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Will you swear it was not later than four in the afternoon? A. I will not swear to the time - I have been seven years in the police - I think I have only had one such case as this - there is a hole in this handkerchief - I called after the gentleman, but he might not have heard me - I was hoarse at the time - my voice was more like a woman's - I swear I saw the handkerchief in Turner's hand, but not that I saw him drop it.
( - Leatherdale, carpenter and builder, No. 8, Devonshire-street, Globe-road, Mile-end; 
               
                  John 
                  Leatherdale
               



            , eating-house-keeper, No. 40, High-street, Shadwell; 
               
                  Emanuel 
                  Workman
               



            , carpenter and builder, No. 1, Cleveland-street, Mile-end-road; and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Garner
               



            , shoemaker; gave the prisoner Turner a good character.)
TURNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Confined Six Months
            .
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
