





1175. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     PETERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April
, 1 knife, value 2s.; 1 pen, value 1s.; 1 sovereign, 2 Bank notes, value 10l., and 1 promissory note, value 5l., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Gwilliam
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            ; against the Statute, &c.


                  EDWARD 
                  GWILLIAM
               



            . I am a servant
, but was out of place. On the 13th of April I had been drinking, and went into a public-house in Compton-street, Soho, about twelve o'clock at night - the prisoner and other persons were in front of the bar; I had three 5l. notes and a sovereign and a half in a purse - I had a card, two or three papers of powders, and a pencil-case and a pen - I called for some ale, and took the half-sovereign out of my purse - I do not recollect any thing more till I awoke in the watch-house; the prisoner was a stranger to me.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. You could not tell what transpired? A. I knew what I was about when I went in; I do not believe the landlord ordered me out because I was quarrelsome - I could not tell what happened about the time of my going out; I did not charge Casey, a Policeman, with stealing my 5l. notes, a sovereign and watch - I do not know No. 4, Little Dean-street; I do not recollect being picked out of the gutter there - my sister-in-law lives at No. 65, Little Dean-street - it is not, to my knowledge, a house of ill-fame - I have not seen any females there; I was in that street that night, and was drunk at the time I was taken - my watch was given to me in Scotland-yard by one of the Police; I never sent any person to the prisoner's father or mother, offering to compromise this matter for a few shillings - I did not offer to go to Wales; I lived with General Lewis, and had left him five or six months.


                  THOMAS 
                  HENRY SHELDON
               



            . I keep the King's Head, in Compton-street. The prosecutor came to my house on the night in question - when he came in he was a little drunk; the prisoner was at the bar drinking half a pint of porter - they got into conversation, and went into the tap-room, where the prosecutor treated him with some brandy and water; I think 8d. worth, and then 1s. worth - they stopped nearly an hour; they got talking very loud; I went into the tap-room and told them to go out - they would not; I took the prisoner's hat off, and threw it out; the prosecutor said he would go and get it - he went to get it, and I bundled the prisoner out.
Cross-examined. Q. Then he was very drunk and noisy? A. Yes; the prisoner was the most drunk - Iknew the prisoner before, but not the prosecutor; it was about one o'clock.
SAMUEL GODDARD (Police-constable C 105). I saw the prisoner at the end of Compton-street, between two and three o'clock in the morning; he had a quantity of paper in his left hand, and in his right hand some money - I told him to put it into his pocket and go home; he said"I am going home;" he held out two 5l. Bank notes - one was a Shrewsbury note; I told him to put them into his pocket, and he put them into a drab coloured leather purse - he said he had plenty of money, and that he was a strolling-player; he went down Compton-street; my brother-officer then came up - I told him of it; I went round my beat, and saw the prosecutor laying in Milk-alley


, in a state of insensibility - I called an officer, and we took him to the watch-house; we found one 6d. and 1d. on him.
Cross-examined. Q.Then he was insensible? A. Yes - it was then near three o'clock; he did not speak to me - the prisoner was drunk.


                  JAMES 
                  WARD
               



             (Police-constable C 172). I was on duty, and saw the prisoner when he was brought to the station-house - I had left the station about six o'clock in the morning, and returned at ten; I then received information that the prosecutor had been robbed of his watch and money - I went to the station-house window, from whence I could watch the prisoner's lodging; I saw him and his mother go to the private door of his lodging together, about eleven o'clock - his mother opened the door with a key, and they went in; I went and knocked at the door - the mother opened it; I asked where the man was; I went into the passage, and caught the prisoner, at the corner of the stairs - I told him he was my prisoner, on suspicion of robbing a man of a watch and some money; I took him to the station-house nearly opposite, and searched him - I found on him a knife, a pen, and a card, with three powders, which the prosecutor identified; I asked him if he recollected showing a Policeman some money in the street; he said he did not, but if he did it was his own - he was then drunk; I found on him 13s. 8 1/2d.
EDWARD GWILLIAM. I know this knife by the handle, and a little bit being broken off the point - I can swear to this pen; I had three 5l. notes and one sovereign - one was a Shrewsbury and Ludlow note.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
