



675. 





JOHN JAMES CARRON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of February, 17lbs. weight of lead, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 



William Norton and another.






WILLIAM HODGES
. I am foreman to Messrs. Piper and Taylor, plumbers, in Eastcheap. About twelve o'clock, on the 12th of February, I was superintending some work at No. 34, Eastcheap, which are premises being fitted up—the prisoner was employed for Mr. Smith, a builder there, as a glazier and plumber—Elizabeth Tutt came round to me and gave me information—I went up to see if I could see anybody, but I could not—at last she pointed the prisoner out to me in a room on the first floor—he was employed on the premises, and had a right to be in that room—I sent for an officer, who took him in charge—I looked about for the lead, and found it concealed under a heap of rubbish, about four yards from where he stood—two pieces were in a basket, and one piece loose—I said, "Here is some lead"—he replied, "That is my basket, I will swear to it," and said he had lost it about a quarter of an hour—I compared the lead with a place where I found some lead removed, and it tallied with the rest on the roof particularly—I have not the slightest doubt of it.





ELIZABETH TUTT
. I am a widow; my premises look into those of the prosecutor. On the 13th of February, about twelve o'clock, as near as I can say, I saw the prisoner cutting the lead off" the top of the house which the men were employed in repairing—he had a chisel in his hand, with which he was cutting the lead—I was up stairs, two stories high, and he was rather below me—I could see him distinctly—after he had cut the lead he put two pieces into a basket, and one piece he carried away in his hand—I saw him cut three pieces—I opened my window, and said to him, "What are you going to do with that lead?"—he said, "It is all right"—I entertained a different opinion, and went round to Mr. Hodges, and told him of it—I have no doubt of the prisoner being the person I saw—I said so directly I saw him again—the prisoner said, "I will make you swear to it, and I will serve you out for it."





JOHN ANDREWS
 (City police-constable No. 28.) I was sent for, and as soon as I got up stairs Mrs. Tutt pointed out the prisoner as the man who had cut the lead—some rubbish was turned over, and the lead was found in a basket—as soon as it was found the prisoner said that the basket was his, and he would swear to it—he said to Mrs. Tutt, "Are you sure I am the man?"—she said, "Yes"—he said, "I will make you swear to it; and if you do, I will serve you out for it."





WILLIAM NORTON
. I have a partner—the house in question belongs to us jointly—we are the lessees of the premises—I know nothing more of the prisoner than his being employed on the premises—they were being repaired on our account.

Prisoner's Defence. On the day in question there were four different sets of men working on the premises at the same time—I was laying 200lbs. weight of new lead on the lower skylight for Mr. Stevens, the builder—the foreman of the plumbers and the female came round, and

found this lead in my basket—I swore to the basket, and said to the woman, "If you swear to me, I will serve you out"—I meant to enter an action against her for false swearing.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.
