





375. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HOWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the warehouse of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Flight
                        




                     
                  , on the 29th of December
, and stealing therein, 2 bags, value 1s., and 30,000 nails, value 2l. 15s., his property
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  LOVELOCK
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On Thursday, the 29th of December, about eight o'clock at night, I was on duty in Kingsland-road; I saw the prisoner coming from Old-street-road, with a bag on his back; I stopped him, and asked what he had there - he said nails, which he had brought from a job on Finsbury-pavement, and was going to take them home to Austin-street till Monday, and then to take them to his master, Mr. Ogle, at Hackney; I was taking him and the bag to the station-house, but in going along he effected his escape, and was re-taken; I asked him at the station where his master lived, and where the job was; he said, as we had been so obstinate with him, he would answer no more questions; I went the same night, but could not find Mr. Ogle, nor the job on Finsbury-pavement.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I was on duty with Lovelock, and took the prisoner - he made his escape; I took him again.
THOMAS ASHBY. I live in the Curtain-road, and am foreman to Thomas Flight - he has a workshop in the parish of Shoreditch


; there is a ware-room in which these nails were deposited, I had seen the bag of nails there on the morning of the 29th of December; the premises stand in the yard which has a fence round it, five feet high - there is a door in that fence; there is no house there - I know it was fastened on the night of the 29th of December by one of my men, who is here; and the next morning I found the outer door of the fence broken open, and the door of the ware-room had been broken; I missed two parts of bags of nails, about twenty thousand sixpenny fine clasps, and about ten thousand tenpenny; I have every reason to believe this is one of the bags they were in - the number of nails and description corresponds in every respect; I believe this bag and its contents to be my master's - he has nails from Doggett and Co., Shoreditch.
Prisoner. Q. Can you swear that they are Mr. Flight's nails? A. I firmly believe, in my own mind, they are; they correspond in every particular with those I lost.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ORAM
               



            . I am foreman to Messrs. Doggetts, of Shoreditch, ironmongers; I took two bags of nails to Mr. Flight's on the 16th of August - there were forty thousand nails - the bags were marked in the same manner as this is, and the nails were of the same description.
Prisoner. Q. On your oath, can you swear these are the same nails and the same bag? A. They are of the same description; the bags were full when I took them.


                  HENRY 
                  COTTON
               



            . I fastened up the warehouse, the shop, and the yard-gate, between four and five o'clock; I gave the key to Mr. Ashby.


                  JAMES 
                  OXLEY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Ashby. On the morning of the 30th of December, I found the premises broken open; I know the prisoner, and have worked with him - he had been in Mr. Flight's employ as a painter.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for 14 Years
            .
