





1645. 
               
                  
                     EMMA 
                     DODD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October
, 2 half-crowns; the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Gracia
                        




                     
                  , from his person, and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  GRACIA
               



            . I have been employed as cook
 of the Lima, of Liverpool. I lived at Angel-gardens - on the 12th of October I was going down Ratcliff-highway


 - I went intoa public-house - the prisoner came in, and asked me to give her something to drink, which I did - when I came out she came after me, and asked me to treat her to some oysters - I gave her two penny worth - I then went away - she came after me, with another girl, and the prisoner took this money from me - I took hold of her, and said, "Give me my money, or I will give you in charge" - she dragged me along, and wanted me to go to another house - she said,"Come, and go to bed" - I said "No, I have a bed of my own; give me my money" - I held her gown till the officer took her.


                  GEORGE 
                  HARRISON
               



             (police-constable K 64). I saw the prosecutor, the prisoner, and another woman in the oyster shop. I afterwards heard an alarm - I went up - he said the prisoner had robbed him of two half-crowns - she said,"Did not you give me the money to sleep with you?" - he said, "No" - I took her to the station - she declared to Almighty God that she had but 2 1/2d. about her, which she produced from her bosom - I found this half-crown in her left breast.
Prisoner's Defence. That half-crown was given me to bury my child - the prosecutor wanted me to go home with him - I said I would not, and he gave me in charge.


                  GEORGE 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I took the prisoner into custody on the former occasion, and I have the certificate of her conviction (read).



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
