





337. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     NEIGHBOUR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of January
, 1 cloak, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Robinson
                  




               
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the Prosecution.
GEORGE ROBINSON. I am clerk to Mr. Tomlins, an attorney
 - I reside at Finchley - on the 14th of January, at a quarter past six o'clock, I was returning home - I stopped at Mr. Heming's, at Highgate


, to light the lamps of my gig - I had my travelling cloak with me - I took some articles from the pocket of it, and left it safe in the gig, while I ran to light the lamps - I returned in two minutes- the cloak was then gone - the prisoner was brought to me with it, within two minutes more.
Cross-examined by MR. STAMMERS. Q. Had you driven fast? - Yes, rather so - it was a very dark night - I saw the cloak the moment before I got out of the gig - I unbuttoned it from my legs - it could not have fallen out.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WOOD
               



            . I was at Highgate, and saw the prisoner about ten minutes past seven o'clock - he had nothing with him then - I saw him again about twenty minutes past seven o'clock, with this cloak on his arm, going towards town - I went on and saw the gig and the prosecutor - I told him, and he went with me after the prisoner.


                  VALENTINE 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am a police-constable - I was on duty that evening - I knew the prisoner well - I received information that he was passing bad money - I saw him about half-past six o'clock - I then lost sight of him - I afterwards saw him again with this cloak - I asked where he got it - he said, he had picked it up - he did not say where.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you certain he did not tell you he found it in the road? - A. Yes, he did, near a heap of stones - he did not say where he was going to take it till he was before the magistrate - he then said he was going to take it to the station.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
