





37. 
               
                  MARY 
                  McCARTHY
               




             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of November
, 1 necklace, value 10s.; 1 pair of ear-rings, value 10s.; 2 brooches, value 4s.; 1 paste ornament, value 4s.; 1 buckle, value 1s., and 1 fan, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Green
               




            , her master.
WILLIAM GREEN. The prisoner was my servant
; she came on the 31st of October. On the Sunday following, in consequence of some suspicion, I went into the kitchen about four o'clock, and charged her with having taken a pair of amethyst bracelets, a pearl necklace, a pair of earrings, a buckle and ribbon; she denied it, and said I might search her boxes - I did so, and found this buckle, this ribbon, and this small brooch, which were part of the articles I had inquired after; she said they were her own property, and she had bought the brooch of a Jew six months before - I got the officer to take her; in consequence of something she said I searched an ottoman, and found the rest of the articles.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I took the prisoner, and produce the articles, which I received from Mr. Green; I saw part of them found in the ottoman.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to his service on a Monday, and on the Wednesday following he came into the kitchen, and asked how long I had been in England, and if I had been married; he asked me to leave my bed-room door open, which I refused - he asked me to come down stairs the next morning, and said he would give me these things if I would leave my door open; I said I would consider of it - on the Sunday morning he abused me; I said I would let Mrs. Green know of it - when I was accused of taking these things he winked at me to say nothing, and when I was at the lock-up place he came to me and said I was a foolish girl for not consenting to his wishes.
WILLIAM GREEN. Upon my oath, this allegation is entirely false.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
