





1518. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     ROSE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of June
, 4 table-cloths, value 9s.; 1 candlestick, value 6d.; 1 pair of shoes, value 3s.; 1 shift, value 2s.; 1 holster, value 6d.; 1 sheet, value 2s., and 2 spoons, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Partridge
               




            , her master.


                  ANN 
                  ELIZABETH PARTRIDGE
               



            . I am the wife of James Partridge; we keep a tavern in Paul-street, Finsbury




. The prisoner was three or four months in our service, during which time we lost the articles stated in the indictment - she was apprehended on the 3rd of June, at my house, on suspicion, and all the articles produced at Worship-street.


                  JOHN 
                  BATEMAN
               



            . I am a journeyman to Mr. Johnson, of Providence-row, Finsbury, a pawnbroker. On the 4th of April I took a table-cloth in pledge for 3s., in the name of Mary Jones, from the prisoner - I am certain of her person; on the 20th of April, a table-cloth was pawned in the same name, but not in my presence; on the 3rd of May I took in another table-cloth from her, in the name of Eliza Jones, from 6d. - on the 5th of May she pawned a candlestick for 6d., and another table-cloth for 6d.; I have a holster-case, pawned by her on the 24th of May for 4d., a holster, on the 1st of June, for 2s. 6d., a child's shift, on the 2nd of June, for 6d., a pair of woman's shoes, on the 2nd of June, for 1s. 6d., and on the 3rd of June she offered a glass goblet to pawn, with Partridge's name on it - I asked how she came by it; she said it belonged to hereself - I sent for Mr. Partridge; she then made her escape from our shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PAWLEY
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. Attenborough, of Crown-street, I have a tea-spoon, pawned in the name of Ann Jones - I do not know who by; also another spoon and shirt, which I did not take in.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I came into Mr. Partridge's service immediately after the prisoner, and found some duplicates in a glove, in a cupboard up stairs - I delivered them to mistress.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITNEY
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner at Partridge's house, the Paul's Head; she had gone home hereself - Partridge gave me this goblet.


                  JOHN 
                  BATEMAN
               



            . This is the goblet she offered me.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. On the 16th of June the prosecutor brought me a glove, containing twenty-one duplicates, twelve of which relate to the articles produced; some are for wearing apparel, which are not claimed.(Property produced and sworn to.)
MR. PARTRIDGE. I have the duplicates - they are all in the name of Jones.
JOHN BATEMAN. They are the duplicates of these pledges.



               GUILTY
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
