



2056. 




GEORGE BENJAMIN NEALE
 was indicted

 for a misdemeanor.


THE HON. MR. SCARLETT
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN WARD
. I am landlord of the Marquis of Granby, in Gray's Inn-lane. On Saturday, the 29th of June, about twenty minutes after eight o'clock, the prisoner came into my house—he had a letter in his fight hand, and apparently a dozen letters in his left—he held out a

letter, and asked me for 2d.—I was busy, and could not attend to him—I asked where he brought the letter from—he said it was a two-penny-post letter, and he was a postman—this is the letter—(producing it)—I am certain it had the same marks upon it then as it has now—it is addressed to me—I gave him the 2d., and asked him where his livery was—he said that was of no consequence—I was afterwards called by Mrs. Stock, and gave him into custody of a policeman—he was searched in my presence, and a paper taken out of his pocket, and about eight letters out of his hat—I gave him 1d. and two halfpence—I am not certain in what coin I paid him—I think it was 1d. and two halfpence—there were no farthings.





ELIZABETH BLAGRAVE STOCK
. On Saturday evening, the 29th of June, the prisoner came to my door, which is next door to Mr. Ward—he knocked at my door, a lodger opened it, and called me—I heard the prisoner say to the lodger, "Mr. Stock, plumber and glazier, 2d., a two-penny-post letter"—my husband is a plumber and glazier—I paid him in copper—I think it was four halfpence—there were two halfpence, I know—this is the letter—it bad these marks upon it, and the "2"—when I took the letter out of his hand he said, "I hope it will bring you good luck"—this caused my suspicion—I asked the lodger to mind the door, and ran after him—I overtook him in Holborn, and collared him—he said, "What are you doing?"—I said, "How dare you bring me this as a twopenny post letter?"—he said, "It is a post letter"—I said, "You shall go back with me, and give an account of yourself"—he struggled very hard to get from me—I brought him back to my door—the last witness is my brother—I asked the lodger to call him—the prisoner then struck me three times, and struggled with me till we got into the middle of the road—my brother came up, ran after him, and secured him—he tried to get the letter from me, but he could not—it was wafered with two wafers—I gave it to my brother.





JOHN WARD

re-examined. This is the letter I bad from my sister—I gave it to the policeman with my own.





EDWARD BARKER
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody, on Saturday evening, the 29th of June—I took him to the station-house, and seven letters were found upon him—I found sixpenny-worth of halfpence upon him—the letters are in the same state as when I took them from him—they have the same marks upon them—I got two more from Mr. Ward, and marked them—those produced are them.
(These letters being read, informed the witnesses that persons were going to lay informations against them.)





ROBERT SMITH
. I am a superintending president in the Twopenny Post-office—the prisoner had no authority to deliver letters—these two letters have never passed through the Twopenny Post-office.

Prisoner's Defence. They were put into my possession to deliver, by a man named Andrew White—I wanted employment—he was to give me a halfpenny each to deliver them, as he had a good many to deliver—I was not aware of any harm being attached to it.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—

Transnorted for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.

