





OLD COURT. Thursday, MAY 16th.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
927. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Worland
                        




                     
                  , on the 18th of April
, and stealing therein, 1 blanket, value 6s., 1 counterpane, value 6s., 2 pillows, value 11s., 1 clock, value 1l., 1 candlestick, value 3s., 1 towel, value 6d., and 1 tea canister, containing 9 oz. weight of tea, value 1s. 6d.
            , his property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WORLAND
               



            . I am a skin-dresser
, and live at No. 22, Pulteney-terrace, Islington


. I was inhabiting the house at the time for a Mr. Bainbridge; I had been in possession about a month - Mr. Bainbridge lives in Holborn - the house was empty, and we lodged in it till it was let - I was fetched away from work about half-past three on the 18th of April - I had left my wife in the house when I left, it was secure then, and the door shut; on returning, I found the door open, and missed a blanket from the back parlour, a counterpane, two pillows, a clock, a candlestick, a towel, and a tea canister, were gone from the back parlour where we sleep; the prisoner was a stranger; he had been taken into custody when I came to the house.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. At what time did you leave? A.Between six and seven o'clock in the morning; the things were safe on the bed when I got up.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  WORLAND
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I left the house at seven o'clock in the morning to go to my work - the doors and windows were shut, and the street-door double-locked - I was sent for and came before my husband, and found the bed stripped and all the things gone - the door was not fastened when I came home - there was a mark of a chisel on the door, which corresponds with a chisel which was found - the prisoner was in custody when I returned.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure when you put the door too, you might not have missed the lock? A. I am quite sure I double-locked it; I always try it after me, and did so that morning - the things were safe when I left the house; I left nobody in it.


                  MICHAEL 
                  JAMESON
               



            . I am a policeman. On the 18th of April, about half-past three in the afternoon, I was coming from Islington and saw the prisoner and another coming out of No. 22, Pulteney-terrace, White Conduitfields, with a very large bundle - the prisoner came out of No. 22 to No. 20 and knocked at that door, and did not wait for an answer (he knocked at the door after he saw me); I apprehended him - I was unwell myself and did not lay hold of his companion - I live myself in Pulteney-terrace - I asked the prisoner if he saw a policeman in Half-moon-crescent, he said no; I took his hat off, and found in it a tea canister which was claimed by the prosecutor; I searched his pockets and found 3 weights of a clock - the clock had been taken from the house; and I found 2 keys and a chisel on him - I found nothing more- his companion had the large bundle, and got away with it - there was about 2 1/2 oz. of tea in the canister; I asked him how he came by them - he said he met his sister at Hoxton, and she gave him the tea canister with the tea, but he could not tell me where she lived - I can't say how the party got in, there was a mark of this chisel in the frame of the door, but I can't say whether that would enable him to force back the bolt.
Cross-examined. Q.Were either of them out of the house when you first came into the street? A. The other man had come out, and the prisoner shut the door after he came out - I did not see the prisoner stoop down by the gutter, I pursued him very near a quarter of a mile, but never lost sight of him; he turned no corner; we came into Half-moon-crescent together.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  WORLAND
               



            . This is my tea-canister - I lost it from the mantle-piece of the kitchen; I know it to be ours - it contains about the same quantity of tea as ours had in it - the party could not have got in behind, the value is under 40s.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you not a back door? A. Yes, I shut the back door myself that morning - I am positive the caddy is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. The policeman says he never lost sight of me - he went down one street forty yards long- I went down another which had no turning, and he took me; I had been out to look for work, and met a man who said he thought I could get employment of Mr. Smith, No. 20, in that street - I went down the street, tied up my shoe, and then saw the policeman - I knocked at No. 20, nobody answered, and I went away - I went down the street, and saw a man going with a bundle, and saw these articles, and picked them up - I put the weights of the clock into my pockets, and the caddy in my hat - I went on and saw the policeman stop a man with a bundle on his back at the corner of the street and question him; he touched the bundle and let him go and followed me.


                  MICHAEL 
                  JAMESON
               



            . What he says is false, I never lost sight of him.


                  Thomas 
                  White
               



            , of Prospect-house, Newington - 
               
                  William 
                  Harrington
               



            , John-street, Bricklayers-arms - John Green, Brick-lane and Mary Jones, gave the prisoner a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing in the dwelling-house, but not of breaking and entering
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
