





1637. 
               
                  
                     MARK 
                     BREALEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of July
, 1 half-sovereign; 1 crown; 1 half-crown; 1 shilling; and 2 sixpences; the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Effingham 
                           Wilson
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the Prosecution.


                  EFFINGHAM 
                  WILSON
               



            , JUN. My father, Effingham Wilson, is a bookseller
, at the Royal Exchange


. The prisoner was his apprentice
 - on the 5th of July he was in his service - we send him to the wholesale houses for books - we enter the books required in this book - on the 15th of July, he was to get Beckford's Italy - it was entered in this book in his own handwriting - the entry is, "Beckford's Italy," and against it he has put the cost price, 18s. 9d. - he was sent that day for that work among others - he received money from me to pay for it - I gave him, to the best of my belief, 2l., and afterwards 5l. - it was his duty, when he got the book, to pay the sale price, 18s. 9d., or to sign for it in their book at 19s. 6d., which would be the credit price - I gave him money to pay for it - he brought it back when he returned - the 18s. 6d., entered in his book denotes that he has paid for it, as he represents - we have received an account from Messrs. Longman - they charged 19s. 6d., the credit price for the book - I am not in partnership with my father.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHARP
               



            . I am in the service of Messrs. Longman. I have our book with me - on the 15th of July, the prisoner came to our house, and had Beckford's Italy among other works - he did not pay for it - it was put down to Mr. Wilson's account, and the prisoner has signed his initials to it as having received it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
