








Before Mr. Justice Park.
326. 
               
                  
                     JAMES WILTON 
                     BLAKE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HALL
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WARE
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     ELLIOTT
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Newsom
                        




                     
                  , on the 18th of January
, at Tottenham, and stealing therein 1 watch, value £3, his goods
            .
MR. DOANE conducted the Prosecution.
THOMAS NEWSOM. I live in the parish of Tottenham


, and am the housekeeper - my shop forms part of the dwelling-house - they communicate together - I am a watch and clock maker
 - on Saturday, the 18th of January, I had gone to dinner, about twenty-five minutes to two o'clock, and fastened my shop-door - Fletcher, my journeyman, dined with me - I am sure every thing was secure when I went down to dinner - I had some watches hanging in the window - about ten minutes after I went down I heard the shop-door bell ring, and on coming up I found the window had been pierced, with a sharp instrument, in eight places, between the putty and glass - the pane was broken, and I found a watch had been removed from a hook, and dropped at a distance of fourteen or fifteen inches from the hook - I am sure it had been on the hook when I went to dinner - it had not been taken outside the window - I could put my hand through the hole in the glass, but could not draw it out again without cutting myself, if I had anything in my hand - I could have moved the watch from the hook by putting my hand through the hole - the witness, Wrench, who rang at the bell, was outside the door - my journeyman had not been up stairs from the time he went down, which was before I went down, until the bell rang me up.


                  THOMAS 
                  WRENCH
               



            . I am a gardener - on Saturday, the 18th of January, I was near Mr. Newsom's shop, and saw Ware and Elliott - when I first saw them they were about eight yards from Newsom's shop - I looked after them, and saw Ware with his two thumbs pressing against the glass of the window - Elliott stood about three yards from him - it is a great thoroughfare about there - I was about eight yards from them - they saw me looking at them, and went away - I then saw the prisoner, Hall, come out of Castleton's beer-shop - I had not seen him with the other two - he crossed the road, and made a sign with his hand - Elliott and Ware had just turned the corner - they might have been in his sight but not in mine - I then saw him walk on the road, about twenty yards away from Mr. Newsom's towards London - he then came across the road, and went as far as the beer-shop door again, that is opposite Newsom's - I then went and rang Newsom's Bell - I had not seen anybody else go to the shop - Newsom's shopman(Fletcher) came out to me - he called Newsom up, and I told him what I had seen - Newsom went over to the beershop in consequence of what I told him - there was a hole made in the window when the two boys went away - I had not seen anything of the prosecutor at the time - I think the boy was pressing his thumbs a little lower than where I saw the hole - I should think about six inches below - I did not see him put his hand in it at all, and never saw him (Hall) with the other two - nor did I see Blake with them.
MR. NEWSOM re-examined. I went over to the beershop, and saw Blake and Hall there, but not the others - in consequence of something - I told them I suspected they had cut my shop window - Blake said he was a very respectable young man, and a dealer in hare skins, and was quite above any such thing - Hall said he knew nothing at all about the transaction, and that they had never seen each other before - they had a pint of ale drinking together - I gave them into custody.


                  THOMAS 
                  TYLER
               



            . I am eleven years old - I know the consequence of telling what is untrue - my father lives at Tottenham - I was near Mr. Newsom's shop at the corner of Stoney South, and saw Blake close to Newsom's window - I had never seen him before - I saw him picking the putty from between the glass and frame of Mr. Newsom's window with a sharp thing like an awl - I saw him after he had broken the window - I saw the window was broken, and then he put his hand in, and tried to get it out again - he was not above a minute trying to draw it out - I saw him draw his hand out - I did not see anybody come up after he put his hand in - Blake came away from the window, and after he got into the beer-shop Hall came from Edmonton way, and followed after him - I did not see him near the window - Blake went to the beer-shop when he came from the window - Hall was crossing over as Blake went into the beer-shop - it is a wide road - I did not see Hall near the window - Blake was going up the steps of the beer shop, and Hall got up to him - I did not see them talk together - I am certain of them - I saw nothing of the other two - the road is a great thoroughfare.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I live at Tottenham with my father, nearly opposite Newsom's - I was at my father's window up stairs, and saw the prisoner Blake walking past on Newsom's side of the road, towards London - he was opposite my father's door, which is nearer London than Newsom's - he had passed Newsom's - he was sauntering along, and sometimes turned round and looked back - I saw Hall cross over the road and speak to Blake - I had not known them before - I am a tailor - they stood still while they talked - they were not above a minute talking - Hall then crossed the road and came on our side - I saw him return towards Newsom's - I saw Blake shake his head once or twice, apparently to Hall - he was looking towards Newsom's - he overtook Hall just below the beer-shop, and then they returned and went into the beer-shop together - I saw Ware and Elliott against Newsom's window a minute or two after Blake and Hall went into the beer-shop - I had never seen them with Blake and Hall - I saw Ware pressing against the side of the window - Newsom's shop door goes up steps - I saw them both go from the window, then they returned to the window again, and, after going to the window once or twice, Ware got on the steps and looked in at the glass door - they got down to the window again - they went to it several times, and always placed a hand close to the window - I then saw them cross the road towards the beer-shop, but could not see whether they went in - I saw them come from the beer-shop and go to the window again, and press against the window again - I saw no more of them.
JURY to 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WRENCH
               



            . Q. How high was the broken pane from the ground? A. Two feet six inches.


                  GEORGE 
                  CASTLETON
               



            . My father keeps the beer-shop - on the Saturday in question I went down stairs to dinner, and when I came up there was Blake and Hall drinking a pint of ale - they were talking about some skins - talking together as acquaintances - they seemed to know each other, and were drinking ale together - they had three pints - I saw them talking and drinking together for about ten minutes, and while I was there Mr. Newsom and the policeman, Hurd, came in.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADE
               



            . I live at Tottendham - I was in the beershop, and saw Blake and Hall there talking together - Blake said to Hall, "You had better go up and tell him that I won't have the skins" - Hall went out, and I suppose was gone a minute or two, then he came back again - I was there when Newsom and the policeman came - I saw the officers search them both - Newsom and the policeman went out into the passage - after they were gone I saw Blake take a wire from his pocket or side, and throw it into thefire - Castleton took it out of the fire - Blake said to him,"Throw it in again" - he did so, and then took it out again - Blake then told him to throw it up the chimney - he threw it up the chimney two or three times before it would lodge, but at last it lodged - the prisoners were then taken away, and after they were gone I put my hand up the chimney, got the wire down, took it to the station-house, and gave it up there to Hurd - I think it was about two o'clock that this happened about the wire.
GEORGE CASTLETON re-examined. I have heard what the witness has said about the wire - it is correct; I took it out of the fire, and afterwards threw it up the chimney, by Blake's desire.


                  JOHN 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I am a carter - I saw Ware and Elliott on the day in question standing looking into Mr. Newsom's window - I did not see them do anything else- I did not know them before - I am quite sure of them - I saw them again three-quarters of an hour afterwards on Stamford-hill, about a mile off, as I was coming to Newington - it then wanted about twenty minutes to three - I first saw them about five minutes after one o'clock.


                  ROBERT 
                  HURD
               



            . I took the prisoner at the beer-shop about a quarter after two o'clock - I found a knife on Hall, and some money on the other - I received this piece of wire at the station-house from Wade - the money was given up to the prisoners at the office.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOTE
               



            . I went in pursuit of the two younger prisoners - I was on duty on Stamford-hill - I saw them walking together on the further side of Clapton-common - they heard me call my brother officer to me - they both looked round and then both ran away - Elliott jumped over a fence into a gentleman's pleasure ground, and hid himself behind a heap of dirt, where I apprehended him - my brother officer took Ware.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PANNELL
               



            . I saw the prisoners when the last witness called me - I pursued and took Ware into custody; he said, "Oh, I have done nothing, I have only broken a window."
Blake's Defence. All I can say is, I am not guilty - I get my living by buying skins - I went to Tottenham for that purpose, and called at two or three places there and at Edmonton.
Hall's Defence. I was going to Enfield at the time, and went with a young man who sells currycombs. I got up to Newsom's shop, and the young man was about selling some currycombs - he told me to go to the beer-shop, and he would come in a few minutes - I went, but he did not come, and I went out to look for him, returned, and in came the officers and took us.
William Shimpton, wheel wright, No. 35, Curtain-road; Eve Barfoot, licensed victualler, Curtain-road; 
               
                  James 
                  Roberts
               



            , timber-dealer, Curtain-road; and 
               
                  John 
                  Rawlins
               



            , gave the prisoner, Blake, a good character; and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hutchings
               



            , silver-plater, gave Elliott a good character.
BLAKE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
HALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Confined One Month
            , and then 



               Transported for Life
            .
WARE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
ELLIOTT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
