




217. 




THOMAS FLYNN
 and 




SAMUEL TAYLOR
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Taylor, at Lambeth, about the hour of two in the night of the 
17th of November, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 seal, 'value 15s.; 1 key, value 10s.; 2 spoons, value 1l.; 2 pairs of boots, value 10s.; 14 knives, value 10s.; and 14 forks, value 5s.; the goods of the said 



John Taylor; 1 pair of boots, value 18s., the goods of 



John Taylor the younger; 4 gowns, value 10s.; 2 shawls, value 14s.; 1 cloak, value 1l.; 1 petticoat, value 2s.; and 1 shift, value 3s.; the goods of 




Margaret Maher; 3 gowns, value. 1l.; 2 shawls, value 6s.; 2 petticoats, value 3s.; 4 aprons, value 2s.; and 2 pairs of stockings, value 2s.; the goods of 




Emma Davey.






JOHN TAYLOR, JUN
. I live with my father, in Upper Stamford-street, Blackfriars-road, in the parish of Lambeth. On Saturday, the 18th of November, I had gone to bed about eleven o'clock—I believe the servants were the last up—my father was gone to bed—I got up about eight o'clock in the morning—I did not hear any thing in the night myself—when I came down I went into the kitchen, as the servant called us—my father, myself, and two servants, went down into the kitchen, and found every thing strewed about the floor—I saw the servant's trunks open—I missed a pair of my own boots, which had been in the front kitchen the night before—I missed my father's silver watch, which I had seen in a cupboard in the back parlour the night before, with a seal and key; also two table spoons, four carving knives, and a bundle of other knives belonging to my father—there is an empty house within two doors of ours—we found soot about the chimney, and marks of feet—the persons had evidently come down the chimney, and gone out by opening a cross door and a back door leading into the yard.





MARGARET MAHER
. I am servant to Mr. Taylor. My fellow-servant and I went to bed last together—the other servant fastened the two doors, which were found open—I saw them fast—I came down about seven o'clock in the morning—my clothes were in the front kitchen—I found the kitchen all strewed over with soot, which was not there when I went to bed—I missed four gowns, a cloak, two shawls, a petticoat, and two shifts.





EMMA DAVEY
. I am servant to Mr. Taylor. I fastened the cross doors when I went to bed—I came down after Maher in the morning, and found the kitchen as she describes—I lost three gowns and other articles.





GEORGE JOSEPH FORD
. I live in Field-lane, Holborn. On Saturday morning, the 18th of November, I saw the prisoners, about half-past ten o'clock, passing my door—Flynn had a bag over his shoulder, apparently half full of soot, but I thought it appeared too light for soot, and watched him—I saw them go into a shop in Field-lane, some distance from mine—they did not stop there a moment, but came out with the bag—I watched

Taylor into another shop, where he purchased a cap—he then called Flynn, and he then went down the passage, and showed some women's clothes to a female belonging to the shop—I went across the road, and told a policeman to lay hold of those two clergymen, (meaning sweeps,) and Moss took them.

Flynn. Q. Did I offer the things for sale? A. Yes, to a female—it was not in my house, but I saw you both go down the passage, and poll out a large parcel from the bag.

Taylor. Q. Where did you see me first? A. In Field-lane—you were both together—you passed my door twice—I saw you go into the shop, and then come up the lane together—I saw you come out with the cap in your hand, and you had an old cap on when you went in.





ROBERT MOSS
 (City police constable.) Ford told me to take the prisoners into custody—they were both together—Flynn had a soot-bag across his shoulders, containing the property now produced—the bag was very sooty, but had no soot in it.

Taylor. How can you say you saw us both together, when the watch-house door was shut before you brought me in? Witness. They was together.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Flynn's Defence. I never stole the things—I picked them up as they were—as to Taylor, he is a stranger to me entirely.

Taylor's Defence. I was coming to Farringdon-street this morning, and met this young fellow near Field-lane—he spoke to me, and we accompanied one another to the top of the lane—I came back, and bought this cap—he had gone his way, and I was going mine—I did not know where he was gone—Ford came and caught hold of me, and said "I want you"—I asked him what for; and when he took me there, this young man sat there, and they accused me of being with him—they found 9s. on me—I was going to see a friend who was ill.

FLYNN—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

TAYLOR—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Life.

Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.

