



2138. 




SARAH PEARCE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
17th of October, 2 half-crowns, 5 shillings, and 2 1/2d. in copper, the monies of 



John Thatcher, from his person.






JOHN THATCHER
. I am a salesman at Covent-garden market. I was in Hart-street, Covent-garden, on the morning of the 17th of October, at two o'clock—my business called me there—the prisoner met me in Hart-street, full butt, put both her hands across my shoulders, and said, "Where are you going to my dear?" and her left hand fell into my right-hand pocket—I said, "What does your hand do there?"—I took it out, held her hands close, and said, "You have got my money"—I held her hand close till I gave her to the policeman—I had 10s. 6d. in my pocket—she took 10s. and 2 1/2d., which was found in her hand—I gave her in charge directlty.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What was found in her hand? A. Two half-crowns, and five shillings in silver; one of the shillings was a new one, with letters on it, and twopence-halfpenny—I did not take the money from her hand myself—I saw her hand opened—her hand was given out of the officer's hand—I had occasion to go to a person over-night about loading some goods—I had been in bed, and had not been up half

an hour—I was quite sober—her left hand slipt down into my pocket—she was in front of me—I saw the policeman take her hand out of mine, and take her into the office to see what she had got—he took her into the office, opened her hand, and found the money—I had not walked with her at all before I saw the policeman—I have always given the same account of it—I told the Magistrate I found her hand in my pocket—I was perfectly sober.

JURY. Q. Had you ever seen her before? A. Never to my knowledge—I am a married man—I had put the money into my pocket when I came out.





JAMES DENNIS
 (policeman F 141.) On the morning of the 17th of October, I was on duty in Hart-street, at about two o'clock—I observed the prosecutor holding the prisoner's hand—he said, she had put her hand into his pocket, and robbed him—I took her to the station-house—he held her hand as we went along between both his hands, till we got to the station-house, and there Itook from her hand two half-crowns, five shillings, and two-pencehalfpenny—the prosecutor said there was a new shilling among his silver, and one of them was new.

Cross-examined. Q. When did he say that? A. In the station-house, before it was produced—before he saw it—there was no particular mark on any of it—I had not seen them together before.

JURY
Q. Was the prisoner tipsy? A. I think not—she appeared alarmed—the prosecutor appeared to have been drinking, but both were in great agitation.

Prisoner.—I hope you will be merciful to me.





JOHN THATCHER

re-examined. I had come about half a mile, and drank nothing.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
