





2012. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BENNETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Cuff
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  CUFF
               



            . I live in Pall Mall East, and am a saddler
. I was in Piccadilly


 on the 3rd of September, about twelve o'clock - I did not feel any thing, but received information; I turned, and saw the prisoner about two yards from me - I missed my handkerchief, and the officer produced it immediately.


                  GEORGE 
                  STAPLETON
               



            . I am a public informer. On Monday, the 3rd of September, I was passing Half Moon-street, in a gig, and saw a female in a fit; I saw the prosecutor go towards a crowd of about twelve people - the prisoner went up to him, and appeared to hustle him; I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket - I took and held him by the collar till the Policeman came and took him; he took it from his near side pocket.


                  ROBERT 
                  CULLY
               



             (Police-constable C 95). I took the prisoner, and took the handkerchief, which the prisoner had dropped down; I had been there assisting the person in the fit - I took him to the station, and found a crape shawl on him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning home about twelve o'clock on Monday night - I saw a crowd: I stood a few minutes, and the witness laid hold of me, and said I had taken the handkerchief - I denied it: another person said,"Here it is," and he said, "I suppose he has dropped it."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
