



1608. 




ROBERT BELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of May, 1 purse, value 4d.; 2 half-crowns; and 1 shilling; the goods and monies of 




William Tytherly, from the person of 



Susannah Tytherl.







SUSANNAH TYTHERLY
. I am the wife of William Tytherly, who is employed in the surgery at King's College—we live in Pitt-street, Fitzory-street. On the 23rd of May I was at Greenwich Fair, and lost my purse, containing two half-crowns, and one shilling—I think it was between six and seven o'clock in the evening, but I am not exactly certain of the time—I was walking with my husband, and coming through the fair, leaning on his arm—I felt somebody annoying me through the fair, and saw three young men behind me—I thought they were countrymen and did it more from ignorance than any thing—when we stopped they stopped—soon after we got into a terrible crowd, I felt a pressure and looked round—I saw the same three young men, and said to my husband, "These chaps annoy me so I cannot put up with it any longer"—he said, "They have not picked you pocket have they?"—I felt, and said my purse was gone—he run after them—the prisoner was one of them—I saw no more of my husband till he came home—my purse has since been produced by the officer.





WILLIAM TYTHERLY
. I am the prosecutrix's husband. I was with her in the fair on the 23rd of May—I took hold of the prisoner on suspicion of robbing her—I said to him, "Give me up the purse you have taken from my wife"—he said, "What purse?" and made a hit at me my jaw, but did not hit me—I said, "The purse you have in your pocket"—he said, "I have no purse"—I instantly put my hand into his left pocket and took it out, and said, "This is my purse, "—he said, "For God's sake let me go"—I had seen him and the other two trying to pick gentleman's pockets in the fair before, which made me notice them—there were two half-crowns and one shilling in the purse as there in now.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I had not been in the fair ten minutes—I picked the purse up.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.
