





1784. 
               
                  
                     JOHN WILLIAM 
                     GRINDLE
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of July
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 pair of breeches, value 12s., and 1 pair of overalls, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Jones
                  




               
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a groom out of place
. The prisoner allowed me to sleep with him over the stables of Mr. Dyer, High-street, Marylebone


 - I slept there off and on for about five weeks. On the 31st of July, we agreed to go together to a free-and-easy; when we got to the gate, the prisoner went back - I waited for him; we then went on together - he went into Flemings', a pawnbroker, to pawn a coat which he had with him; I waited outside for him - we went to the club; I left him in the Strand - I got to the room between two and three o'clock in the morning; I found my jacket, and three or four handkerchiefs laying down in the yard, and some of the prisoner's things - I went into the room, found the window open, and missed the watch and some blacking brushes; I told him of my loss when he came in - he appeared sorry for it, but never said he knew any thing about it; I asked him to take a pair of overalls home for me, and found them in pawn - when I asked him for them he said Mr. Dyer's footman was going to buy them; I found my watch in pawn on the 16th of August.
Prisoner. Q. When did I come in? A. Not till ten o'clock in the morning; I had left the room locked, and the window shut; the carriage would not allow the coach-house doors to close - nothing of yours was gone but a pair of boots; the Policeman had told me he had seen some suspicious persons about there, a few days before.


                  EDWARD 
                  O'NEAL
               



            . I keep a jeweller's-shop in High-street. On Monday, the 3rd of August, the prisoner came and offered the ticket of a watch for sale; I said I would look at it if he would call in the evening - I made inquiry, and found it was stolen.


                  HENRY 
                  WILLIAM PARR
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Fleming. I produce a watch, pawned on Saturday, the 31st of July - I did not take it in; the duplicate produced is what was given for it.
JAMES MOODY. I am a pawnbroker, of East-street. I have a pair of overalls, and a handkerchief - I cannot say who pawned them; they are in the names of Ox and Walker - these are the duplicates which were given for them.


                  RICHARD 
                  HARTLEY WALL
               



            . Knight gave me these duplicates; he got them from the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  BALLAM
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a pair of boots, which were pawned; I do not know who by - here is the counter-duplicate of them.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I supported these young men while out of situations, and paid at the free-and-easys for what they drank - I distressed myself for them, and all their property was given into my charge, to do what I thought proper with; I bought the duplicate of the watch of a young man who was in distress; I offered it to the witness, who I knew was acquainted with Jones.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JONES
               



            . I never knew the jeweller before.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
