






Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
362. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CHAMBERLAIN, alias 
David Chambers





               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of January

, at St. Pancras, 1 mare, value 20l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hickman
                        



                     
                  , and others
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CHERRY
                  



               
            , for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , against the Statute, &c.
MR. BODKIN conducted the Prosecution.


                  KENRICK 
                  HICKMAN
               



            . I am a farmer
, and live at Aldermarston farm in Berks



, fifty miles from Hyde-park-corner; that farm at the time in question was in possession of myself and other persons; this horse was on the farm as part of the property there; Chamberlain was employed on that farm seven or eight years ago, or more; it is as much as that since I saw anything of him, until he was apprehended; on Tuesday, the 7th of January, this mare was on the farm; she is a black cart mare, rising three years old; she was missed about ten o'clock next morning; she was taken from the farm-yard, which was enclosed and shut in securely; in consequence of receiving a letter from London, I came up on the 14th, and went to a public-house in Great Portland-street; Ship and a policeman were with me; I there found Chamberlain; Ship asked him what he had done with the black mare which he had last week; he said he sold her at Smithfield market, the Friday before; he asked him to whom; he said he knew who he sold her to, but he did not mention the name; he asked him where he got her from; he said he bought her, and he knew who he bought her of, but did not mention the person; he was taken to the watch-house; he said there that he did not know who he bought her of, nor who he sold her to; I afterwards went to a timber-yard in Nutsford-place, and there found my mare; she was delivered to me by Hudson; I noticed a halter there, which I knew to be mine; I saw a collar afterwards in possession of Keys, the constable; I knew that to be mine; the mare was worth about 20l.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. At what time on Tuesday evening did you last see the mare? A. Between four and five o'clock - I did not see the yard made fast - my brothers, William and Richard, are in joint possession of the farm with me - the mare belonged to us.


                  JOHN 
                  MASCAL
               



            . I live in the neighbourhood of Aldermarston, at Padworth, about a mile and a half from there - on Tuesday, the 7th of January, I was at the Butt public-house, in our parish, about a mile and a half from Hickman's farm, and saw Chamberlain there - I did not know him before - he came there in the morning, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I think, and he stayed there till a little before ten at night - he said he was going to see his mother-that his name was Chamberlain - I and he came out of the public-house together, about ten minutes before ten at night, and we parted directly - he went towards Aldermarston, and I went towards home - I am sure he is the man.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. Never; we were together for several hours in the public-house - there were other persons there - he made no secret of his name.


                  MICHAEL 
                  PRADY
               



            . I am a carman, and live in Harford-place, Fitzroy-square - I have known Chamberlain between two and three years - I always knew him by the name of David, which is his Christian name - I never knew his surname - he rented a stable near to me last January - I saw him on the 8th of January, about seven o'clock in the evening- he had a black cart mare - I did not notice whether he was on the mare, or on foot - I saw him put her into his own stable; in about ten minutes afterwards, I was going up the place, and went into the stable, and asked if he had got an old soldier there - he said, "Yes" -
"- I found the mare there - I looked into her mouth and said, "She is not a very old soldier - she is not yet three years old," and said he had given her a rare bucking, he must have come a long way - he said he had come upwards of thirty miles that day- the mare looked very much distressed, as if it had come a long journey - there was a sack and collar there, and a cart bridle - next morning I lent him a broom to clean her with, and saw him in the stable cleaning her - on the Friday night, about half-past twelve o'clock, I heard a noise which induced me to get up - I looked out of the window, and saw Chamberlain and two other men with the mare under my place - they took it under the gas light, to look at her in front of my window - I paid no attention to what passed, but went to bed again - I saw Chamberlain on Saturday morning in the stable, Cherry and a man named Hawkins were with him - the tail of the mare was about an inch shorter than when I first saw her - she had been cleaned, and the tail was tied up with straw, as if going to be sold - Chamberlain and Cherry both said they were going to sell her - I saw them take her out of the stable - Cherry led her out into Harford-street, and then mounted and rode her away - Chamberlain was with him - I was examined before the Justice on the business, and was shown a mare in the stable of Emmet, a cow-keeper, on the 17th of January - it was the same mare as I had seen in possession of Chamberlain.
Cross-examined. Q. Had not you seen Chamberlain work the mare for two or three days? A. I saw her in a coke cart one morning - Chamberlain has been in the habit of hawking coke about the streets - I have seen him with several different horses - I saw the mare in the cart on the Friday morning, working in the streets - I only saw her that once.


                  FANNY 
                  FRANKS
               



            . I am the wife of Franks, a carpenter, of Oxford-market; he has a stable and yard in Nutsford-place, and works two horses in a saw-mill there - Cherry formerly lived with my husband as carman - on Saturday, the 11th of January, I went into the City, and returned home between twelve and one o'clock in the day, and found Cherry and Chamberlain in our stable-yard; they had gota horse tied up in the yard; Cherry asked me if I wanted to buy it; it was a black mare; I afterwards saw the same mare before the Justice; I told Cherry I did not want it; that we were not very busy now - he said, "I understand you have sold one on the Thursday;" I said I did not want one now; he said it was a young one; and then Chamberlain came out, and began to whip the mare about, to show her off - I told him I did not think it would suit me at all, it looked in very bad condition - Cherry said it would suit very well, if I would buy it - they left without my coming to any bargain; I was not at the stable afterwards, but I believe the mare went away; Cherry came up to me in the evening, and told me that Chamberlain must sell the mare, for he had laid out all the money he had in change for this horse, which money he ought to have had to buy coke with; he had asked 14l. for it in the morning; he then said Chamberlain would take 8l. for it; he fetched Chamberlain to me, and Chamberlain brought up the horse, and asked then 11l. for it; I at last bought it for 8l.; I paid 5l., and the other was to be paid in a fortnight or three weeks, if the horse suited; Cherry told me the horse had been chopped away at Smithfield.
Cross-examined. Q. While Cherry was in your employ did he not bear a good character? A. Very good; he lived six years in a situation, after leaving us.


                  THOMAS 
                  HUDSON
               



            . I live in Nutsford-place; I manage Franks' saw-mills; on Saturday, the 11th of January, I took the black mare myself up a yard from Mr. Franks' door in Oxford-market to Nutsford-place; neither of the prisoners were at Nutsford-place, but I saw them both at Oxford-market; Mrs. Franks told me to take the mare to the stable after she had bought it; I asked them both how they came by the mare; Chamberlain said he chopped at Smithfield with it, and that he had lent Cherry 2l.; Cherry said he wanted 13l.; I said, if it was worth 13l., I would not offer to sell it to Mr. Franks under the value for anybody; Cherry said if he had sold the mare, they could buy a horse for 3l. which would answer the purpose to go about with coke quite as well; after this, Mr. Hickman came to me; I delivered up the same mare to Mr. Ship.
Cross-examined. Q. Was Hickman by at the time? A. Yes; he owned the mare.


                  THOMAS 
                  OVERINGTON
               



            . I am a police-constable; I went with Mr. Hickman to the public-house in great Portland-street. I was present at the conversation, and took Chamberlain; and, as I went with him to the station-house, I asked where he got the mare; he said he bought it at Smithfield; that he knew the man, but did not know where he lived; and, when we got to the station-house, he said he did not know who he had bought it of, nor who he had sold it to.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am an officer of Mary-le-bone office; on Wednesday, the 15th of January, I went to Middlesex-street, Somers-town; Cherry lives in a court which leads out of that street; Hudson was with me; I sent him to Cherry's house; he brought him out to me into the street; I crossed over, and said, "What is your name?" he said,"Cherry;" I said, "I want you concerning stealing a horse belonging to Mr. Hickman;" he said, "Very well, I will go with you;" I said, "You are now in custody, and reserve what you have to say till you get before the magistrate" - we went in a coach, and on going up the court at the back of the police office, he said, "I had nothing to do with stealing the horse, I only went to sell it," and, I think, he said to his aunt, but I am not certain - I had seen Cherry before, and knew Chamberlain before, by the name of 
               
                  David 
                  Chambers
               



            , and Welsh Davey - I afterwards went to the stable, in Harford-place, and found a cart with the name of Chamberlain on it; and in that stable, I found this collar and a sack; and I have a bridle which Ship gave me.
MR. HICKMAN. That is my bridle; I know the collar also; the sack belongs to one of my men; the bridle and collar were on my farm, and were missed at the same time as the mare; I have a mark on them - Chamberlain worked on the farm, some years ago; he went by the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Chamberlain
               



             - he is a native of our parish.
Chamberlain's Defence. I bought the mare at Southall, and paid 7l. 10s. for it.
CHAMBERLAIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
CHERRY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
