





411. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     MORGAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of December
, 1 umbrella, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Ewins
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  EWINS
               



            . I am a bookseller
. On the 30th of December my gig stood at the shop of Mr. Senior, a bookseller, in Regent-street


 - I was in there a short time, and on coming out, after driving a short way, I missed my umbrella from under the straps of the gig; I saw it next morning.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BIGGS
               



            . I live in Stonecutter-alley, Little Queen-street, with my father, a pocket-book maker. Between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner looking in at Mr. Senior's window - I saw him leave the window, walk straight up to the gig, and take the umbrella from under the apron, under the strap; he walked off sharply towards Burlington-street - I ran after him, calling stop thief! down New Burlington-street, and hewas taken in Vigo-lane, with the umbrella - he never dropped it.
Prisoner. Q. Did you hear any body besides yourself call stop thief? A. Yes, one man; a gentleman offered to let you go if you would give up the umbrella.


                  THOMAS 
                  MAYHEW
               



            . My father is a shoemaker - I was with Biggs when the prisoner was looking in at the window, and saw the same as he did; the prisoner is the man- I was knocked down by a woman in the middle of the street, and lost sight of him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was looking in at the window, turned round, and saw a man behind a gig, attempting to take a cloak; I crossed over - he took the umbrella, and ran away; I pursued him, calling Stop thief! a coach stopped me for a minute, and I did not overtake him - I picked up the umbrella; when I got further I saw a mob, and thought the man had been rescued - they collared me, and said I should not go further; I said I would go into the shop the umbrella was taken from - the two boys came and said I had stolen it; they said I might go if I gave it up - I said I would not till I saw the right owner; I walked on till I met the Policeman, and gave it into his charge.


                  JOHN 
                  FLOOD
               



            . I am the Policeman. When I took the prisoner in Vigo-lane he acknowledged stealing the umbrella, and threatened to run the man through the g - ts who stopped him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
