





OLD COURT. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1982. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HUGHES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of July
, at St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, 55 yards of silk, value 7l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Wyatt
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Newley
                     



.


                  GEORGE 
                  WYATT
               



            . I am a silk weaver
, and lodge on the ground floor at Benjamin Newley's, in South-street, Bethnal-green


 - the prisoner lodged in the same house, and is a silk weaver; he lodged up stairs in the workshop, and slept there. On the 31st of August I got up the about halfpast six o'clock in the morning, and went up to the workshop, where I had a considerable quantity of silk in the loom- it was entrusted to me by my employer; I am answerable for it - it is worth 7l. at least: I missed it, and the prisoner had left the house without giving any notice; I suspected him, and looked about for him - this was on Tuesday, and on the Monday I found him; I said, "George, you have got me into a pretty mess - I am likely to lose my bread;" a person said, "What has he done?" I said he had robbed me of sixty yards of silk; the prisoner replied "There were not sixty yards, it was between fifty and sixty, for I measured it."


                  BENJAMIN 
                  NEWLEY
               



            . I am a silk-weaver. I told the prisoner he had got me into a pretty mess, for our master suspected this was our own doing, and asked what he had done with it - he said he had pawned it; I went to the pawnbroker's by his direction, and found it.


                  HENRY 
                  JEROME
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Wood-street. I produce a piece of silk, which was pawned by the prisoner on the 31st of July.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
