





Fourth Middlesex Jury,
712 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BURTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of January
, 1 pair of shoes, value 3s. 6d, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Marchant
                        




                     
                  ; and that she had been before convicted of felony.
            .


                  MARY 
                  HOOKER
               



            . I am the wife of George Hooker - I live in Little Coleman-street. On the 14th of January I went into a public-house in Golden-lane


; I saw Robert Marchant there with a bag of shoes, and a pair of carpet-shoes was on the top - the prisoner sat on one side of the bag; I saw her take the carpet-shoes, and go out of the house with them - I did not take any notice then, as I thought she might know him; I afterwards heard him claiming the property, and gave information - he and a young man brought the prisoner back with the shoes.
ROBERT MARCHANT. I live in Elder-walk, Lower-road. I was at the Cock public-house on Saturday, the 14th of January - I had a bag of carpet-shoes; I sold one pair, and set the bag down on the seat - I then turned, and missed these; the witness told me what she had seen.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a wire-worker, and live in Dunk-street, Whitechapel. I was in the Cock, and saw the prosecutor with some shoes in a bag - in consequence of what I heard I went out, and found the prisoner with the shoes in her hand; I took her back.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a Policeman. I received the prisoner on the 14th of January - I received these shoes from Clark.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am a shoe-binder - my husband and son make these shoes, and I had been out selling some; I sat down in the public-house - a little ale got into my head, and when I awoke I took up these shoes thinking they were my own - I did not conceal them.


                  MATTHEW 
                  CARTER
               



            . I was a constable last year. I have a certificate of the former conviction of the prisoner, which I got from Mr. Clar'ks office, on the 17th of February - I know she is the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 53. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
