





581. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WOODHALL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March
, 102 yards of muslin, value 5l. 7s.; and 4 veils, value 15s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Penrice
               



             and another.
2d COUNT. Stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Brown
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANDREW
               



            . I am a warehouseman. I live at No. 50, Old-change. I identify this property as belonging to Joseph Penrice, and his partner.


                  JAMES 
                  HOLT
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Joseph Brown, who keeps the Red Lion, in Aldersgate-street
 - he had a cart standing in Watling-street


 on the 26th of March- there was a parcel in it, which I should know if I saw it again - I saw the prisoner near the cart - he took the parcel off the rails of the cart while I was tying the tail-board, and he ran down Old-change - I ran after him, and said,"Hoy, what do you want with that?" - he turned round, knocked me down, and ran through Watling-street into St. Paul's churchyard - I took it up, and ran down the street, hallooing, "Stop thief," two or three times -(looking at a parcel) - this is it - it is directed to Messrs. Penrice and Andrew, No. 50, Old-change.
Cross-examined by 
               MR. PHILLIPS
            . Q. Had you known the prisoner before? A. No; my father was not at the cart all the time - he was gone down Old-change with a large bundle on his back - it was between twelve and one o'clock in the day - there were not many people walking about - there was a woman selling apples, and she saw it - I saw the prisoner again in about half an hour - the cart was then led away up Old-change - I am not mistaken in him - I took particular notice of him - I was frightened when I was knocked down.
Q. You were quite speechless? A. Yes - he dropped the parcel on the pavement when I got up again - he put it down as I walked towards him - he chucked it down, and broke the string - I took the parcel up while I was on my knees - I was almost up when he threw it down - I was in the road - he ran away, not taking any thing with him - the parcel is not very heavy.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SAYER
               



            . I live at No. 111, Cheapside. I was present, and saw Holt on the ground with the parcel in his hand - I saw the prisoner running - the boy was on his knees calling out, "Stop thief" - I did not see him get off his knees - I followed the prisoner through St. Paul's churchyard - he ran along the back of St. Paul's into Newgate-street - then left off running, and walked down Butcherhall-lane - I saw the policeman take him - I never lost sight of him, and am sure he is the man.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not turn a corner? A. Yes, he turned two corners - I saw round both corners - I cannot see through a house; but I saw him turn the corner - I was following after him, within a dozen yards - I did not turn the corner at the same time; but I did not lose sight of him - I was not so close to him, when he turned the corner, as I was before, and of course lost sight of him - I knew him again the moment I got my eye on him - the boy cried, "Stop thief," as loud as he could bawl - he was not running when he was calling"Stop thief."


                  GEORGE 
                  ARDEN WHITE
               



             (City policeman, No. 36). I took the prisoner into custody in Bartholomew-close - he had been previously stopped by a crowd who followed him - I do not recollect seeing Sayer till we came to the top of Butcherhall-lane - I took him at the corner of Old Change, and the boy was there with the cart - that was about three hundred yards from where I took him - there is one turning into St. Paul's Church-yard, another into Newgate-street, a third into Butcherhall-lane, and a fourth into Bartholomew-close.
Cross-examined. Q. How near was Sayer to the prisoner when you took him? A. I cannot say, but to the best of my recollection the first time I saw him was near the corner of Butcherhall-lane - there is a turning between where I saw Sayer, and where I took him - Sayer certainly might have had me in sight when I took the prisoner - Ido not mean to say he was not present - he might be in the crowd - there was a cry of "Stop thief" - Sayer was standing with the rest of the crowd when I saw him, and appeared to have been running - I should think it is above one hundred yards from where I took him to where I saw Sayer standing.

MR. ANDREW
            . I belong to the firm of 
               
                  James 
                  Penrice
               



             and another, and the parcel was directed to our house - we had no advice of the arrival of it - I have opened it, and can identify the goods by a private mark - they are goods which were being returned to us from a customer at Wisbeach - we had no notice that they were coming back - I have the bill of parcels.

G. A. WHITE
            . I took that invoice from the parcel.
JAMES HOLT re-examined. I picked up the parcel the man threw down - put it in the cart, and soon after my father came - my father brought it to Guildhall-yard, and I took it into Guildhall - my father was outside - there were two other parcels in the cart - my father took to Guildhall the same parcel as the prisoner took from the cart.


                  RICHARD 
                  HOLT
               



            . My master's name is Joseph Brown - this parcel was in my care, in my master's cart - I took it out of the cart, and took it to Guildhall - it was put into the cart before I came back - my employer is an inn-keeper - the parcel came up in the waggon - I am sure it is the same that was taken to Guildhall.(Property produced and sworn to).



               GUITLY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
