



712. 




JEREMIAH MURRAY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of February, 2 half-crowns, 3 pence, and 2 halfpence, the monies of 



Caroline Wright, from her person.






CAROLINE WRIGHT
. I am single. Between eight and nine o'clock, on

the 25th of February, I was in Farringdon-street—I was going across the road, and felt some one at my pocket—i turned, saw the prisoner, and laid hold of him—I intended to hold him till some one came to my assistance—he had his hand in my pocket—I had 6s. 4d., and he took two half-crowns, three penny pieces, and two halfpence—I took him, and should have held him, but some men came up, and attempted to strike me—I let him go, and they all ran up Bear-alley—there were three men came up to me—I ran after them, and called, "Stop thief"—my money was found—I saw it at the watch-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. I believe more money was found on him than you lost? A. Yes—Bear-alley is on the left-hand side of Farringdon-street in going from Holborn—it is close to the spot where I felt the prisoner at my pocket—I did not take the prisoner—I pursued him, and kept my eye on him, but they took him in a public-house—he was being taken into a public-house when I got up—the person who stopped him is here, I believe—Bear-alley is not opposite the Fleet Prison—I live in Stonecutter-street—my father is a shoe-maker—I live with him—a number of people were running up Bear-alley.

COURT. Q. You let the boy go? A. Yes, because one of the men attempted to strike me—I have no doubt about his person.





MAJOR JACKSON
. I am a fireman, and live at No. 14, Bear-alley. I saw the prosecutrix lay hold of the prisoner—I observed three or four people in company, and they walked behind this lad on purpose to cloak him—I received a blow after I ran up Bear-alley—after one of the witnesses had taken the boy, he said, should he go for an officer—she said no, they had better take him to her father, and then they all molested us.





WILLIAM HUTCHINS
. I am a gold-beater, and live at No. 10, Newcastle-street. On Sunday evening last I was going down Bear-alley, between eight and nine o'clock, and heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I saw the prisoner running on the other side—I let him pass me—I then ran, and took him at the top—I took him into the public-house—the prosecutrix came up, and said she had been robbed by him—I said, "Shall I go for an officer?"—she said she would rather hear what her father said—I said, "I will take him down"—I took him down to Stonecutter-street, nearly opposite her father's door, and then a party of men got round me, and took the lad from me—I am positive he is the same lad.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not assert that he was perfectly innocent? A. He did—he said, "Begging your pardon, ma'am, you are mistaken"—I did not hear several people say he was not the person—a number of people came up, but they were entire strangers to me—I did not hear any of them say he was not the person—it was half an hour, I suppose, from the time he left me till I saw him in custody again—I am sure he is the person.





CHARLES KEEL
. I am a patrol of St. Sepulchre. The prisoner was pointed out to me as the thief that had robbed the lady—I took him—he was not running—there were a number of persons behind him, and I was obliged to go into a house, for fear of being beaten by them—I did not receive any blows—I was hit—a man, who is gone to Bridewell, struck me when I had the prisoner—the prisoner tried to get away from me, and used his teeth over my knuckles two or three times—I had my finger bitten.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you struck by them or not? A. I was struck by the person who has gone to Bridewell—I did not say I was not struck

from a wish to tell any falsehood—they surrounded me, and I was compelled to go into a house for safety—I had not got a rattle—I did not call out—I went into a house, and there was a person there who was kind enough to render me assistance—I saw the prisoner searched—16s. was found on him—he said that he was going to take the money to his mother; bat during that time I was sent out by the constable of the night, so that I did not hear all that was said.

COURT. Q. Were there any half-crowns among the money? A. Yes.





WILLIAM SPENCER
. I am a watch-house keeper—I searched the prisoner, and found on him three half-crowns, and a sixpence, eight shillings, threepence, and a knife.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ask the prisoner what sum he had? A. I asked him if he had any thing, and he said he had, and pulled oat 3d.—I asked him if that was all he had—he said it was—it is not true that he said he was going to take the money to his mother—he said so at Guildhall, but not at the watch-house.




GUILTY.* Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.
