



2033. 




THOMAS KEEFE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of June, I purse, value 6d.; 1 half-crown, 6 shillings, and 4 sixpences; the goods and monies of 



George Moreland Crawford, from his person.






GEORGE MORELAND CRAWFORD
, Esq. I am a barrister, and live in Stone buildings, Lincoln's Inn. On the 25th of June I was walking in Bedford-street, Covent-garden, at near six o'clock in the evening—When I got near the corner of Maiden-lane I heard something fall behind me—it seemed as if it fell from my coat pocket—it sounded heavier than any thing I had about me—I walked a step or two, and then turned and saw my key lying on the stones—I turned, and walked slowly back, put my hand in my pocket, and missed my purse—while I was walking towards the key, the prisoner came to me and said, "That is your key"—I took it up and the prisoner said, "There they go! there they go!" pointing to Maiden-lane—I then turned in the same direction I was before, and at the same instant the officer took the prisoner—the purse has not been found—there were several people in the street, and as near to me as the prisoner—I heard two or three window-sashes thrown up, and the people gathered a little—my purse contained a half-crown, and some other silver, about 10s. in all.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did any body speak from either of the sashes? A. Yes, a woman from the opposite side" of the street beckoned the policeman and me, and the policeman went over, but I did not exactly hear what she said—I understood her to gay that she. did not see him do it—I had no pocket to my trowsers on that occasion.





WILLIAM JAMES PALMER
. I sell play-bills about, and live in Mead's

Row. I was at the corner of Bedford-street—I saw the prisoner and three others come up Bedford-street, the prisoner caught the prosecutor's coat, and some one came out of the Green Man, and he let it go again—then they followed the prosecutor a little distance, and the prisoner put his band in again, brought out something, and gave it to one of the others that were with him—the other one dropped the key—he ran across the road, and the prisoner bobbed back into a door, and when the prosecutor turned to go to the key, he bobbed out, and was going to run away, but he saw the policeman—he then looked confused, and pointed the key out to the prosecutor.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you live with your father and mother? A. No—the people at the house won't let me, because I cannot get a situation—I lodge at a lodging-house, when I get any money, and when I do not, I sleep about—I lived at Mr. Garratt's, as barman—I left through his becoming a bankrupt, and I could not get a situation since—I told the policeman about this as soon as he had got the prisoner—I was afraid to say any thing, and since the prisoner has been here they have cut my foot, and tore my things off—the policeman has got a warrant against them, and they they would do for me—I have never been in trouble myself—my father and mother do not support me in any way—I am sure the prisoner is the person—I was right behind him—when I came to the top of Bedford-street I was right opposite them—the persons who were with the prisoner turned down a court.





THOMAS BURN
 (police-constable F 140.) I was in Chandos-street, and I saw a man running—I thought there was something wrong—I ran to the corner of Bedford-street, and met the prisoner, who seemed very much confused—I saw the prosecutor feeling his pocket, and going towards the key—the prisoner pointed out the key, and said, "There is your key"—I said, "What is the matter?"—the prosecutor said he had lost his purse—I then took the prisoner—a female opposite said he was not the person that had got the purse, but a man that ran away.

Cross-examined. Q. Did Palmer give any account at the station-house that night? A. I brought him there—the prisoner was charged on suspicion at first, and then I asked Palmer who was selling play-bills, if he saw any thing of it, and he said, "Yes."

COURT. Q. You went back to him? A. Yes—he had not said any thing to me before I had been to the station-house with the prisoner.

JURY. Q. Was there much confusion when this took place? A. Yes; a great deal—I could not attend to every thing about me—when I came back, there were two or three boys, and I asked if they saw any thing—I did not address any one in particular, and then Palmer spoke.





WILLIAM JAMES PALMER

re-examined. I told the policeman, when the lady came down, that he had got the right person.

Prisoner. The lady put up her window, and said, "That is not the person that picked your pocket; there are three run round the corner," the next morning I said to the policeman, "Will you bring that lady up?" and he said, "If I bring her up, she will injure you."





THOMAS BURN

re-examined. The lady told me she did not see any thing of it, no more than a boy told her.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.
