





1949. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GRAHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of a person unknown, from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  SIMONS
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Andrew's, Holborn. On the evening of the 29th of September, at half-past nine o'clock, I saw the prisoner, between Castle-street and Holborn-bars


 - there were three others with him, and they were behind a gentleman and lady; I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief from the gentleman's pocket - the gentleman turned, and shook his umbrella atthe two persons; he seemed alarmed - Graham and Moore then went into a passage, and I seized them at the Blue Posts; I said, "Where is the handkerchief? I know you have it," and the prisoner gave it from his white trousers - I took him and Moore to the watch-house, and returned to find the gentleman and lady; I heard they had been at the Blue Posts, but were gone.


                  JOHN 
                  MARCHANT
               



            . I am constable of St. Andrew's Holborn. On the 29th of September, I was officer of the night - Simons brought the prisoner and another into the watch-house; the prisoner was accused of having stolen the handkerchief from a gentleman's pocket - the prisoner said it was his, and he had bought it in Field-lane; I asked if there wereany marks on it - he said No; but there is R. H. E. on it: I took them both to the Compter, but the bill was thrown out against the other.
Prisoner's Defence. I told him if he had seen me, why did he not take me into the Blue Posts - When I came before the constable I told him there were three marks on it, but I did not know what they were, as I cannot read or write.


                  JOHN 
                  MARCHANT
               



            . That is not true; I am sure he said there were no marks on it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
