





727. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted was 


               stealing, on the 20th of March
, 40lbs. of lead, value 5s.; the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Briggs
                     




                   and another, and fixed to a building
            , against the Statute, &c.


                  JOHN 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . I am a policeman. On the 20th of March, about ten minutes after nine o'clock in the evening I was in Cock-alley, Norton-falgate


 - I saw a boy standing at the back of Briggs's premises - I suspected him - another joined him soon after, and when they saw us, they made off- neither of them was the prisoner - I sent the constable, and took the two boys into custody - I found a piece of lead where the boys stood - I went up stairs in a house in Cock-alley, in half an hour - I found the prisoner in bed, and this piece of lead lying about two yards from him; another boy was in bed with him - we took them both into custody - they said they knew nothing of the lead - it was concealed under the cinders in the garret - we took five persons who were in the house into custody - next morning I fitted the lead to Briggs's premises, and it tallied exactly; also the piece which I found where the boys stood - I took them all five before the magistrate - they were all discharged except the prisoner - I was present at the examination - I saw the magistrate sign the deposition which was read over to the prisoner - no threat or promise was held out to him - this is Mr. Broughton's handwriting (read) -"At the second examination, the prisoner said, the other persons knew nothing about the lead, for that he found it, and carried it there."


                  ALEXANDER 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am a policeman. Shepherd's evidence is correct.


                  THOMAS 
                  BREESE
               



            . I am foreman to Robert Briggs and another - the back of their premises opens into Cock-alley - I had seen the lead secure on the top of the manufactory before this happened - the party had got on the roof from the outside - it is a great height - they must have had a ladder to get up - the lead appeared quite bright and fresh - there is a soot shed adjoining the premises - they must have got on the top of the shed; the lead was cut in a very unworkmanlike manner - I have seen the prisoner about the neighbourhood.
Prisoner's Defence. About eight o'clock at night, I went to bed - I went outside to do what I wanted, and saw the lead lying on the ruins - I took it up stairs and went to bed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
