



220. 




THOMAS BULLOCK
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of October, 1 gelding, price 15l., 1 cabriolet, value 21l., and 1 set of harness, value 4l.; the goods of 



James Sawyer.






THOMAS HARRISON
. I live in Fore-street, Cripplegate, and am a cab
man, in the employ of James Sawyer—I drive No. 868, a patent cab. On Monday evening, the 23rd of October, about twenty minutes after six o'clock, I was going over Blackfriar's-bridge, towards the City, empty—I heard a person call a cab and stopped—I turned round, and saw the prisoner running towards me—he asked me if I wanted a job—I said "Yes "—(he was a stranger to me)—he said he would give me one—he wanted to get on the top, and sit by the side of me—I told him to get inside—he said he would sit on the top, and tell me where to go to—he did so—we went to Upper Ground-street, on the Surrey side of the water, to a public-house called the Old Barge-house—as we went along, he asked me if I would give him half a pint of beer—I said "Yes"—we went on to the Barge-house—it is a regular rule, when fetched by a porter, or any body, to treat them—we went to the Barge-house, which lays back—I left the cab at the corner of the street—he showed me a house opposite, and said I was to take the fare up there—we had a pint of half-and-half—he then asked if I could carry a box on the top of my cab—I told him I could—he went out and can he back again, and said it would be a quarter of an hour before the job was ready to go—he said the name was Peto, or something—he then called for a pint of half-and-half, and paid for it, I had a pipe of tobacco, and went into the tap-room to light

it—I stopped there a minute or two, then went outside to look for my cab, and found it was gone, and the prisoner also—I had a gelding to it—I ran, but could see nothing of it—I returned to the public-house in about ten minutes, but the prisoner was not there—I saw him at Queen-square Officer I believe, on Saturday, the 28th—I saw the cab again on the Thursday morning before I saw the prisoner—I saw it in Mr. Sawyer's yard, and the horse also—I did not see the harness—there was harness to it when it was taken, and I saw the harness on the Saturday at the Office, with the cushions.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did not you find the cab at a livery yard? A. I did not—the foreman did, I believe—there is room for two persons to sit on the box, one on each side of me—he sat on the roof.





JOHN BURROWS ROSE
. I keep a public-house in Upper Ground-sheet I saw the prisoner at my house on Monday evening, the 29th of October; with Harrison—they had some half-and-half—I do not think they were there above five minutes—the prisoner went out, and left the cabman, and came back again—he went out a second time, leaving the cabman in the house—he told him to stay there while he went out to fetch a square box, but he did not come back again—the prosecutor came back, and complained of his loss.

Cross-examined. Q. How much beer did they have? A. Two pints of half-and-half—the prisoner appeared very fidgetty—he was sidling and looking about him.





JAMES SAWYER
. Harrison is in my service—the cab, gelding, and harness, are my property, and are worth 40l.





JOHN SMALLBONE
. I am servant to Mr. Battley, who keeps a livery stable, opposite St. Peter's Church, Pimlico. The prisoner came there Monday night, the 23rd of October, at twenty minutes before eight o'clock—he rang the bell, and asked if master was at home, and whether be would give him leave to leave the cab there all night—he had a cab, horse, and harness with him—I asked him if I should go down and ask masters leave, which I did, I returned, and told him he might—I did not know him before—master came up to the gate and saw him—he left the cab with me, outside the gate, to draw it in, but he took the horse, harness, and cushions away—he said he gave forty guineas for the horse, and he would take ten for him—master said he did not like to buy a horse in the dark-the prisoner went away with the horse and harness—I afterwards saw the same cab at Queen's-square.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure of the prisoner's person? A. Quite sure—there was light enough for me to see him, but master could not—he was going away without the cushions, I asked him if I should give him them, and he said, "Yes."





JAMES NEVES
. I live in Belgrave-place, Pimlico. On Monday night the 23rd of October, about twenty minutes after eight o'clock, I found a horse straying in my master's mews—it had no harness on—I took him into our stable, and gave information at the station-house—it was afterwards delivered to Mr. Sawyer.





JOHN BLATCHLEY
. I am an egg salesman, and live in Douglas-street, Vincent-square, Westminster. On Tuesday morning, about 11 o'clock, I was called into my shop, and saw the prisoner—I am quite positive he is man—I did not know him before—he asked if I wanted to purchase a harness—I said I did not, for I had a very good one—he had not got it with him—he said he was in the cab line, and found his calling so dead he had

unfortunately been obliged to part with his cab, he had sold his horse the Friday previous, and had part of the harness to dispose of—he said he had taken some premises very near to me to go into the beer trade—I knew the premises were to let—he said he would sell the harness to me a bargain—I said I did not feel disposed to buy it—he said would I look at it—I said he I might do as he pleased—in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour he brought I it—I examined it, and found no collar, no bearing rein, nor breeching—he asked a sovereign for it—I said I bad no use for it, and if I bought it I should only lay it by—I eventually bought it of him for 10s—in the course of the day my business led me past the premises he had named, and I found them occupied by a different business—I felt uneasy, and the following morning went and gave information at the station-house—the inspector sent a man down to examine the harness—in the course of the evening Sawyer came and identified it, and I gave it up.

Cross-examined. Q. What is it worth? A. I consider, Hinder existing circumstances, that I gave the value of it, but the owner values it at I considerably more—I went to No. 51, Hinton-street, in consequence of information which was given to the prosecutor—it is not more than ten minutes' walk from my house—we found the prisoner there in bed about ten o'clock.

GEORGE S----. I am a policeman. I went to the house in Hinton-street, and took the prisoner in bed—I told him I took him for I stealing a horse and cab—he made no reply—I found the cushions between I the bed and sacking on which he was lying—there was a female in bed with him—I believe it was his wife.—
—SAWYER
re-examined. These are my cushions, belonging to the cab—I saw the horse at Queen-square—it was mine—I also saw the cab and harness, and am certain they all belong to me.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Lord Chief Justice Denman

