



1103. 




JOHN DYER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
27th of March, at 
St. George the Martyr, Southwark, Surrey, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d.; and 2 keys, value 2d.; the goods of 



Thomas Brownnut; and 2 spoons, value 10s.; 2 sovereigns; 5 half-sovereigns; 2 crowns, and 10 half-crowns; the goods and monies of 



Esther Barton, in her dwelling-house.






ESTHER BARTON
. I live at No. 7, Little Suffolk-street, Borough. I had a box in which I keep my clothes and money—it was under my bed—the prisoner lodged up stairs in another room between five and six months—I counted my money up for my landlord on the Monday—there was 6l. 5s. in money—a silver watch, worth 2l., a table-spoon, and tea-spoon, worth 10s.—my son had given me the watch and spoons to mind for him—a constable came to our door afterwards, and in consequence of that I searched my box, and my money and watch were gone—that was on Friday, the 27th—the prisoner had stopped out all night on Thursday.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you married? A. I am a widow—I have four rooms in my house, and four or five persons lodge there—one young man is a painter, another a young man who goes in and out of the Bench with messages—I always locked my door when I went out—other persons had an opportunity of going in and out of my bed-room as well as the prisoner—I had not seen the property after the Monday—I have not found the watch or spoons—the prisoner is a painter, and has been out of work a long time—he owed me nearly 2l. for washing and lodging—I do not take any nightly lodgers, without they come from the country, and that has not been for a month—I have had the watch for years—it is a very good one—it is silver—I saw the prisoner last on Thursday morning.


Sixth Session, 1835. 1071





WILLIAM CORNISH
. I am a policeman. I was at St. George's church about seven o'clock on Friday morning, the 27th, and the prisoner gave a woman in charge for robbing him—he was drunk—I said I must search him—I found 4d. in his waistcoat pocket—he said he had got no more money—on searching him further, I found in his trowsers pocket a bag containing two sovereigns and five half-sovereigns—I asked if it was his own—he said it was, and he had worked for it—he was locked up for being tipsy—he gave his name and address, No. 7, Little Suffolk-street, Borough—I went there and saw the prosecutrix—she immediately went to her box—I returned to the station-house, and found on the prisoner a key which fitted the prosecutrix's box—it appeared as if it had been filed and altered to fit the box—he was asked by the Alderman where he got the money—he said he had got it from his uncle, on the Tuesday.

Cross-examined. Q. For what purpose were you called? A. The prisoner told me to take a woman into custody—he charged her with having stolen 2l. 10s. from his pocket—I found 4l. 10s. on him—I searched the girl, and searched him directly—it might take a quarter of an hour to go from the Borough to our station-house—the prisoner walked behind me to the station-house, and the girl with me—this is a common key—the prosecutrix produced a key, and unlocked the box in my presence—I have both keys here—the woman's key was quite plain, a taper key, and the other is filed—the box is here.

COURT. Q. How far off the prosecutrix's house did you find the prisoner? A. About a mile.

MR. PAYNE. Q. He followed you to give charge of the girl? A. Yes—he could have run away if he liked—I found no watch or spoon—he did not tell me the money was sent up to him from the country—he said, that he had it from his uncle, on Tuesday, before Sir John Key, and I was directed to go to his uncle—I did not hear him say that; I was at the Town-hall—there were two Aldermen, and he made quite a different statement at the time he was committed.





ESTHER BARTON

re-examined. He owed me nearly 2l., for lodging—I never asked him for it, as he has been out of employ nearly four months—I knew he was very poor, and I thought he would pay me in the summer.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not know that he had friends in the country? A No—I never saw that key laying about—I know my own key—it is not filed.

Prisoner's Defence. I am very sorry to be placed at this bar for such a case—I have certainly been lodging with the prosecutrix some time, and she has stated to me over and over again, that she was in real distress, and could scarcely make both ends meet—I expected daily and hourly to be turned out of my lodging—I have had a few pounds from my friends, as I sent to them for a little assistance—it was mostly with the intent to pay the prosecutrix, as she pleaded poverty, and being very hardly done by her lodgers, who had been hardly put to it—she behaved as a mother to me—I sent into the country for 5l., which I had from a friend of mine to pay her, and recruit myself with a few clothes, and get my tools ready to go to work again—I know very well she has been receiving money from the poor-house, which made me believe her very poor—as to the box, I never knew any thing of it—I never saw it till I was apprehended—as to the key, in my business it is a very useful thing, to use to graze off the glass when the fingers will not touch it—I went to Sadler's Wells on the evening

previous—I fell in with a friend or two, and spent a few shillings—I went and had something to drink—on my way home I laid down, having had too much—I went to sleep—I awoke about five in the morning, and fell in with a young girl in Great Suffolk-street—we had a cup of coffee together, and went from there, near St. George's Church—I there found I was robbed—I turned my pockets inside out before the landlord, who said, "Give her into custody"—I did so, and 3s. were found upon her—when I got to the station-house, whether the policeman put it into my pocket, I cannot swear; but I am positive when I turned my pockets out, I had only fourpence.

MRS. BARTON
re-examined. I lost two sovereigns, and five half-sovereigns; two dollars, and the rest in half-crowns—it was in a piece of rag.

Cross-examined. Q. If you had been asked before the policeman told you what he had found, could you have told of what your money consisted? A. Yes, I could—I cannot say how many half-crowns there were.




GUILTY of stealing to the value of 4l. 10s. only. Aged 27.—

Transported for Seven Years.


Fourth Jury, before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
