




118. 




JOSEPH LANE
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
27th of October, 1 coat, value 3l., the goods of 



Edward Hodd; and 




REUBEN MARTIN
 was indicted for

 feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have stolen, against the Statute, &c.






EDWARD HODD
. On the 27th of October this coat was stolen out of a chaise at a door in Harford-street, Golden-square, about twelve o'clock in the day—to the best of my belief this is the coat.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is it your coat? A. It is my brother's—his name is John Henry Hodd—it has been more worn by me than by him.

COURT. Q. Was it given to you to use? A. Yes—I was answerable for it—I was not in the gig—it is my gig—I had been using the coat for three weeks; a lad, whose name I do not know, had care of the gig.





JAMES BROGAN
. I am bar-boy to the prisoner, Reuben Martin—he keeps the Golden Boot, in Milton-street. The prisoner Lane came into the house on the 28th of October—he said he was stumped for money, and he wanted to sell this coat, which he had on his back—there were twelve or fifteen people in front of the bar—one man offered him 16s. for it—another said he would give him 18s.; and my master, Mr. Martin, said he would give him a guinea and a glass of brandy and water for it—he took the coat off—chuck'd it over the bar—I took it up and put it on a chair—there was no secrecy about it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. After Martin had paid the guinea, was not the glass of brandy and water drank openly? A. Yes—

there was no concealment about it—my master never desired me to keep it secret.





WILLIAM SHEARWOOD
. I am a tailor, and live in Susannah-street, Shoreditch. I was in front of Martin's bar that night—Lane came in with the coat—there were several others there—one offered 16s., another 18s., and Martin offered a guinea and a glass of brandy and water—the guinea was paid, and the glass of brandy and water was drank by some of the persons there—when I went to Martin's house, after I had appeared at Worship-street, I was knocked down as soon as I got in, and they have threatened to rip my entrails out—I could make such a coat as this for 50s.—it is now worth about a guinea.





LOUISA BARTLETT
. I was servant at Mr. Martin's—I went up to my mistress for the sovereign to pay for the coat.

Lane. Q. Were you ever a prisoner in Newgate? A. No; I have been unfortunate, but have retrieved my character by service.





PAUL PLANT
 (police-constable C 177.) I produce the coat—I got it from Dunkley.





WILLIAM DUNKLEY
. I bought it of Reuben Martin, in the presence of sixteen or twenty people, and I stood a pot of beer.





ROBERT TYRRELL
. I am an officer. I apprehended Lane—he said, "If you had come for me yesterday, you would not have found me."

LANE—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.

MARTIN—


NOT GUILTY
.
