






30. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HODGE
               




             and 
               
                  SARAH 
                  ROBERTS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November
, 1 pair of shoes, value 10s.; 1 pair of boots, value 5s.; 3 silver spoons, value 30s.; 1 set of fire-irons, value 12s.; 1 ink-case, value 7s.; 1 table-cover, value 5s.; 5 shirts, value 21.; 4 sheets, value 30s.; 1 butter-knife, value 10s.; 2 ladles, value 10s.; 1 fork, value 5s.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 cloak, value 20s.; 1 tea-pot, value 30s., and 6 coffee-cups, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Alfred 
                  Bunn
               




            , their master.
ALFRED BUNN. I lodge at Mr. Russell's, in Newman-street


 - Hodge was my servant
 for about three years; he quitted me on Friday the 11th of November; Roberts was in my service about six months, and she had left about a week before. On the 18th of November a Police-serjeant called on me, and from what he said I requested Hodge to show him two small silver ladles - he went down stairs with the officer, as I supposed to produce them; in a few minutes I heard a scuffle on the stairs, which was occasioned by the officer bringing up the two prisoners to my room - Roberts happened to be at the house that night, and when I went in, she told me she had come to assist my landlady; when the officer had brought them up I told Hodge what I had heard, and requested him to tell me the exact extent to which he had robbed me, and that in proportion as he informed me of the loss of my property, so I would deal with him - I have seen a number of my articles, produced by the pawnbrokers.



                  THOMAS 
                  JOSEPH WEST
               



            . I am a Police-serjeant. In consequence of information I went to Mr. Bunn's, on the 18th of November, and made a communication to him; he desired Hodge to produce some ladles to me, and I went down stairs with him - he felt in his pockets, and said,"Dear me, what have I done with them?" he went towards the area, I said, "They are not in the house" - he said, "No, they are not;" I then took him up stairs, we met Roberts on the stairs - he said to her, "You have brought me to this;" she said,"You are as bad as I am:" so I took them both to the station-house - Hodge told me where he lodged; I went there, and they directed me to the garret, where I found thirty-four duplicates in a bottle - I asked Roberts where she lived, and she said, at No. 9, Norton-street, and I should find her sister there; I went and found her sister: I found six duplicates in a teacaddy, and one of them was for these six cups and saucers, and two glasses.


                  EDWARD 
                  FITCHEW
               



            . I am assistant to 
               
                  William 
                  Fitchew
               



            , a pawnbroker. These shoes, this tea-spoon, this tablespoon, and these fire-irons were pawned by Hodge; and this salt-spoon, pair of boots, and silver pen by Roberts - between the 12th of August and the 14th of November.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q.Where are the duplicates of the articles pawned by Hodge? A. These are them: I knew him before, I am quite sure I received these articles from the prisoners: I knew Roberts before, and am quite sure she pawned these articles - all the duplicates are my writing: sometimes one of the prisoners has brought the same article, which had before been pawned and redeemed by the other.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  TIMMS
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. Harrison, of Tottenham-court-road, a pawnbroker. I have some coffee-cups, pawned by Roberts, on the 11th of August; I am sure it was her - I have the counterpart of this duplicate.
Cross-examined. Q. Is the duplicate in your handwriting? A. Yes; I had not seen her before, but I swear to her person.


                  GEORGE 
                  NORMAN
               



            . I am a shopman to a pawnbroker, in Norfolk-street. I have a butter-knife, a fork, and several other articles, but they were not pawned by either of the prisoners.


                  JOHN 
                  MILTON
               



            . I am an apprentice to a pawnbroker, in Berwick-street. I have a tea-pot pawned on the 2nd of August, and a cloak on the 5th of August, by Hodge.
MR. BUNN. I believe Roberts came into my service, on the 3rd of February. I had not missed any of these articles till the prisoners were taken; I cannot say when I lost them - when I had discharged Roberts, I commissioned Hodge to examine if my things were all right, and he said they were; that was about a week, before he was taken - these cups and other things are mine.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you recollect using the teapot? A. I do not think I ever did use it; there is no crest or arms on these coffee-cups, but they correspond with the pattern of a set I purchased - here is my crest and name on this salt-spoon, and the other articles I know by having similar ones; I had the management of the Dublin theatre: Hodge was at that time in my service, and he then had 1l. a week - I knew he was married and had a family; when I came to England, I paid him 10s. a week; the 1l. a week was not continued - I am not in debt to him for wages - I told him I could not give him the same as I had at the theatre; I cannot say that I fixed any sum with him, but to the best of my belief, I told him his wages would be 10s. a week - there is something due to his wife for washing, which has been witheld merely because my things were not returned, and there may be something due to her as a dresser at the theatre; Hodge did not sleep at my house - Roberts was not accustomed to pay for mangling and other things for me; I never left her without money to pay current expences: I was never absent for any length of time, but when I went to France for five weeks - I left some money with her then, but only enough for a few days; I do not know that she then pawned some articles to pay expences, for when I found my stay in France was protracted, I wrote to my solicitor to supply her, which he did - I found some letters had come while I was away.
COURT. Q.From the time you returned from France did either of the prisoners make any communication to you on that subject? A. No, Hodge did ask for some advance to his pay, and I got his wife a situation as dresser in a theatre; I have found my stock is deficient of six cups and saucers.


                  THOMAS 
                  JOSEPH WEST
               



            . This duplicate for the salt spoon, this for the pen, and the boots were found at Hodge's lodging, but were pawned by Roberts.
Roberts. All I pawned was the boots and the coffeecup.


                  EDWARD 
                  FITCHEW
               



             I am confident she pawned the spoon and the pen - she has pawned other things; I know her particularly, by an impediment in her speech.
HODGE. - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 28.
ROBERTS. - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
