



81. 




THOMAS EVANS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of November, I bag, value 1d.; I brooch, value 4s.; 1 buckle, value 5s.; 2 sovereigns, and 2 half-sovereigns, the property of 



Laura Matilda Gason, from her person.



MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





LAURA MATILDA GASON
. I am single, and reside with my mother in Lincoln's Inn-fields. On the 14th of November, I was walking in High-street, Bloomsbury, towards Oxford-street, at a little after five o'clock—two young men came up to me, and one of them, which was the prisoner, came from behind me—he asked me the way to St. Giles's-in-the-east—one of them had a Mackintosh on—I did not notice the other—I did not give the prisoner any answer, but I drew back from him, and I found that the string that confined my bag was loosened—I was not aware at that time that there were more than two persons together—when I saw them they had hold of each other's arm—it was when I drew back, that I felt the string of my bag loosened—it was on my right arm, and twisted round my wrist—I looked at my arm immediately, and my bag was gone—no part of the string remained on my wrist—the two persons were then on my lefthand side—I should imagine the person who took my bag must have been behind me—I imagine it was cut from my right arm—I had in the bag a purse, containing two sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and some silver, a brooch, a buckle, and some other things—on observing that my bag was gone, I went up to the prisoner, and said he had taken my bag—he said he was surprised at my saying so, as he was quite innocent—as I was speaking, he stepped some paces from the pavement, and across the way—I saw him stopped—his companion passed on towards Oxford-street—my bag was produced to me yesterday, but none of the money was in it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You were walking alone? A. Yes—I never noticed these persons till the prisoner spoke to me—I went from Lincoln's-inn-fields, up Little Queen-street, into Holborn—I felt the string of my reticule loosened, and at that moment it was gone—I was alarmed—I am not aware that I screamed—I think I did not—I had a shawl on—I think I can say that none of the ribbon remained—I looked at my wrist, and I neither saw my reticule nor the string—it had been twisted once round my arm—it was not torn from my arm with violence—my notion is that it must have been cut—it was dusk, not dark.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When you went to the station-house, did you take any of the string with you? A. No.





ELLEN GORMAN
. I am single, and live with my aunt, in May's-buildings, Down-street, Piccadilly. On the day stated I was in Holborn, nearly opposite Turnstile—I observed three young men walking arm-inarm, the prisoner was one of them—the prosecutrix was walking before them—I observed the three persons looking all over the lady's person—they sometimes parted, and went before, and sometimes behind her, and looked at her—she did not notice them, but I did—I first noticed them near Turnstile—they went on in the direction the prosecutrix did till they got to the timber-yard, nearly opposite St. Giles's church—I then saw two of them go before the lady as if they were going to speak to her, and the third one stopped at her side on her right hand—I did not hear what they said, but when the two went before her, I observed the third one stoop down, and cut the lady's reticule—the prisoner crossed the road—his companion went straight on towards Oxford-street, and the one that had the bag ran towards Holborn—I did not cry out, nor did the lady, but I observed her speak to the prisoner—I saw Young catch hold of the prisoner—he took him into a shop, and I observed the policeman who came up pick up a piece of black ribbon from the prisoner's shoe—I observed the prisoner

have something about his mouth—Mr. Young said, You are swallowing something"—the prisoner smiled, but said nothing.

Cross-examined. Q. Where do you live? A. At No. 6, May's-buildings, Down-street, Piccadilly—I have lived there about two months since I have been out of place—I was in place at King's-cross, and at Goldensquare—I was in Holborn, very near to Turnstile, nearly opposite Lincoln's-inn—I have been down that Turnstile once—I do not know whether it leads to a dead wall—I never noticed the wall, but it was nearly opposite that Turnstile which is a long straight passage—they kept on the same side of the way—the two persons who spoke to the lady were in front of her, and the third, who was engaged in cutting the reticule, was on her right side—I then saw the lady speak to the prisoner.





THOMAS YOUNG
. I live in Marshall-street, Golden-square. On the 14th of November I met the prosecutrix at the corner of Plumtree-street, Holborn—she was going towards the church—I saw six persons about her—the prisoner was one—I think two of them were full-grown men, and the other four boys—I only noticed three in particular—one of them was about the prisoner's height, and he had a cape on the same as the prisoner had—they were walking in a very confused manner, sometimes before, and sometimes behind the lady, and then they were in conversation together——they were walking rather fast—I had a child which I was leading, and from what I saw I suspected the persons, and took the child up in my arms that I might follow them more readily—I was about six yards behind the prosecutrix when I heard her cry out—I went, and seized the prisoner, who had got off the curb, and was going to cross the road—I should think he had got about six yards from the lady—I pulled him against the cutler's shop—he put his hand into his pocket, and swallowed something, which I could not prevent on account of having the child in my arms—the police-man came up, and the prisoner was taken into the shop, but I did not go in—I had observed his companions separate—I could identify two of them if I saw them.





JOHN CRISPINRAWLEY
. I am inspector of the E division of police. I was at the station-house on the 14th of November—there is a bar in the room where we receive prisoners, behind which they are placed, and the person who gives the charge come through the bar into a room—I observed the prosecutrix come in, she passed about a yard from where the prisoner was standing—after the charge was taken the prisoner was taken to the lock-up place, and after that I observed a piece of black ribbon on the floor, about half a yard from where the prisoner stood—the prosecutrix had to pass to go into the room, and again as she came out—the ribbon laid about halfway between where the prisoner stood and the prosecutrix passed.





JOHN WILLIAMS
 (police-constable E 31.) At a quarter past five o'clock that evening I was passing down High-street, and I saw Young had hold of the prisoner'—I took him into a cutler's shop—I found on him 21/2d. and a comb, and a Mackintosh hung across his arm—I removed the Mackintosh from his arm—I then went to feel down his trowsers, and picked up this piece of ribbon from the toe of his shoe—the prosecutrix was then sitting on a chair, two yards from him.

Cross-examined. Q. But you all went in together? A. The prosecutrix went in first—the lady of the shop was in there, and the witness was at the door—I did not hear the lady of the shop say, "Here is a piece of ribbon the lady has dropped. "






BRIDGET HART
. I am nine years old, and am the daughter of John Hart, who lives in Clark's-buildings, St. Giles's. On Thursday, the 14th of November, I picked up a bag over the area of No. 3, Clark's-buildings—there was a pencil in the bag, and two little round things—I took the bag up stairs, and it was given to my father.





GEORGE WESTON
 (police-sergeant F 6.) I received from (his child's mother this bag and its contents.





LAURA MATILDA GASON

re-examined. This is my bag, and a part of its contents—the purse and money are gone—this is part of the ribbon which was to my bag.




GUILTY
. † Aged 18.—


Transported for Tap Years.
