



457. 




GEORGE PENN
 was indicted

 for feloniously offering, uttering disposing of, and putting off a certain forged note, purporting to be a note of the 
Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and called a Banknote, well knowing the same to be forged, with intent to defraud the said Company.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to defraud 




Matthew Montague.


MESSRS. MAULE, ADOLPHUS, and
BULLOCK
conducted the Prosecution.






MATTHEW MONTAGUE
. I am a grocer and cheesemonger, and live in Grove-hill-terrace, Grove-lane, Camberwell. There is a gentleman in the neighbourhood named Ryder—he is an independent gentleman, and lives just below me—I have known him some time—I saw the prisoner at my shop on the evening of the 18th of November, about six o'clock—we had candles lighted—I was sitting at tea in the parlour, behind the shop—he came and asked for change, as we understood at first, for a person named Wright—he came, and held the shop door in his band, and pushed it back against my desk, holding the hasp in his hand—he put his head in, and asked for change for a £5 note—I thought he said for Mr. Wright—I got op from my table, and walked towards the parlour door, to go into the shop—I said, "Change for who?"—he said, "For Mr. Ryder, a little below"—Mr. Ryder lives in Walworth-place, which is a little below my house—I put my hand into my left hand pocket, and pulled out five sovereigns—he had a £ note in his hand—it appeared to me a bank-note—I took the five sovereigns from my pocket, gave them to him, and he wrote the name of Ryder on the note—he did it of his own accord—he wrote "Ryder"—nothing else—he took away the sovereigns, and I saw no more of him—I took the note, and marked it with a mark—this is it—(looking at a note.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How old are you? A. Nearly fifty-five—my memory is pretty good—I am not apt to make mistake—every man is liable to mistakes, and, of course, I among the rest, but I do not make a mistake in the thing I identify—I do not know that I have made a mistake on this subject.

Q. Did you think you had seen the prisoner before, and take him for another man? A. Oh! the face is very familiar to me—I took his face to be one I knew when he came into the shop on the Saturday night—I thought I knew him, but I found out I was wrong—I know his face is very familiar to me—I did not say I thought I knew him.

Q. Do you swear you never said this, "I thought I knew him but it turned out I was mistaken in the person I took him for?" A. I thought it was—this is my signature—(looking at his deposition)—the deposition being read contained the following sentence:—I had never seen him before, but I thought I knew him, but it turned out

I was mistaken in the person I took him for—I am quite positive the prisoner is the man I took it of."

Q. Do you hear that? A. Yes—the reason I said that was, because another person's face was familiar to me, and I thought I knew him so well, I did not hesitate in giving him the money—I looked at him very bard, and when I came to see him again, I knew his face again, and it is the very same person I gave the money to—the person I thought it was lives at Was worth—I was mistaken, but the prisoner is the man.

Q. How long after receiving the note did you see the prisoner again? A. Why, I saw him at the police-office, before the Magistrate—I do not know how long that was after I changed the note—I suppose it is a month ago that I went up the first time, but I did not set it down—it was on a Tuesday—I recollect that—there was more than a week between the two occasions—I should not think there was a month, but I will not swear it—I will not swear one way or the other—I will swear it was not six weeks.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. On your oath, is the prisoner the man that came into your shop on the 18th of November, and changed the note? A. Yes—I saw him afterwards at Lambeth-street, and had no doubt he was the man.

Q. It is said you took him for another man, how long did that opinion last in your mind? A. Not longer than till I saw him again—when he first came into the shop I took him for one Parsons, but I recollected by looking at him that he was not Parsons—I looked hard at him, as the candle was close by me, and found it was not Parsons—I took more particular notice of him to ascertain whether it was Parsons or not—my boy was in the shop at the time.





HENRY LEE
. I am servant to Mr. Montague. On the 18th of November I was in the shop when the prisoner came in for change—he opened the door, and I first understood him to ask to change Mr. Wright a £5 note—master got up from his tea-table, came to the door, and said, "Mr. who?"—he said, "Mr. Rider, a little below"—master came round to the counter, put his hand into his left-hand pocket and pulled out five sovereigns—I stood at the further end of the counter—I saw him lay a paper down on the counter—he said, "Shall I write Rider on it?"—master said, "Yes," and while he was doing so, master put five sovereigns on the counter—I did not see what became of the paper—master took it—he did not show it to me—I saw the prisoner afterwards at Lambeth-street, and knew him again.

Cross-examined. Q. Did your master go with you to Lambeth-street the first time? A. No, he was not there the first time—I think about a fortnight elapsed before I went to Lambeth-street—I will not swear it was not a month—I did not see master do any thing to the note—there was somebody else in the shop at the time, but I cannot recollect who it was—I did not take notice of him—master's niece serves in the shop, and I think she was there, serving a person, but I cannot say whether it was her or master—I did not notice whether the customer was a man or a woman.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Who is it that generally serves in the shop, your master? A. Yes—I am the errand boy—master's niece also serves, but nobody else—the parlour is close to the shop—master can hear and come out if any body comes in—we were all in the shop while the prisoner was there—I was standing looking at him at the time—there was a candle on

the desk, one on the counter, and one on a flat—I had a full view of him face—I have always been sure he is the man.





ELIZABETH RIDER
. I am the wife of Mr. Rider, of No. 5, Grove-lane, Camberwell—he is a gentleman of property—our house is a little below' Mr. Montague's shop—my husband has been confined to his room two months, and not able to transact any business except giving a cheque for rent—I attend to all the domestic concerns.

Q. On the 18th of November, did you or Mr. Rider send any body for change for a £5 note? A. We never sent to Mr. Montague for change for a £5 note—we did not deal with him—I do not know the prisoner.





JOSHUA FREEMAN
. I am inspector of notes to the Bank. This is a forged note—(looking at it)—in paper, plate, and signature.
Mr. PHILLIPS
called the following witnesses for the Defence.






ANN GARDENER
. I am married—my husband is a carpenter. The prisoner is my brother—he never could write.

MR. MAULE. Q. Is he older than you or younger? A. Younger—he is twenty-four, and I am twenty-seven—I have been married nine years—I live in the parish of Stepney—before that I lived at St. George's-in-the-East—my brother was living at home at the time I was married—he was about fifteen then—I was seventeen in September, and was married on the 30th of November—my brother lived at home with his mother when I was married—we have no father—my mother goes out washing and charring—the prisoner was living with her, but went to work as shop boy till he got older—he then belonged to the Dundee steamer—he was steward's servant, I believe, or something—I cannot exactly recollect when he came into that situation, but he has left it about two years and a half, and was about a year and a half on board—since that, he has followed the cigar-making, but I have not seen him much—I have seen him backwards and forwards at my house—he lived with his mother down to the present time.

Q. Did you go to any school yourself? A. I did—it was only a petty dame school—a woman's school—I was not there very long—I dare say about a quarter of a year—I learned plain reading and spelling—I did not learn writing—I learned pothooks and hangers—I did not get to round hand, nor to A. B. C, for my father died when I was young, and it was not in my mother's power-to give me much schooling—I learned to read and can read, but I cannot write—I did pothooks and hangers on a slate—I stopped between that and A. B. C.—I then went to work.

Q. Did your brother go to school? A. He might have gone one or two days a week to an old woman's school—a dame's school—he did not do so above two years, if he did so much—it was before he was ten years old—he cannot read at all—I am confident he never had the least knowledge how to make a letter—I never knew him able to read the name of a street—I do not believe he knows his A. B. C.—he never took to his schooling—he never liked school—he went into service when he was tenyears old, as my father died—he follows cigar-making now—I do not know where he is employed—I never interfered to ask him—he lives with my mother, at No. 12, John-street, Commercial-road—my mother is a lodger there—his business occupies him the principal part of the day as far as I know—I have no idea where that is.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. If I understand you right, you live with your

husband? A. Yes—I have no family—I have buried them—my brother called on me occasionally—I never asked him what shop he worked at.

COURT. Q. Where were you married? A. At Shoreditch church—I made my mark there—I could have brought my certificate if I had thought of it.





WILLIAM SIMPSON
. I am collecting-clerk to a coal-merchant. I have known the prisoner about ten years—I should say he cannot write, from circumstances which I know.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What has he been in the ten years you have known him? A. I can hardly tell—I should call him a smuggler—a dealer in contraband goods, cigars, and brandy—in the general smuggling line—I do not know that they are smuggled, but I imagine so—he may have done other things during the ten years, but I have purchased cigars of him—I do not know of his being in the employ of a cigar manufacturer—he used to serve customers—I did not know him as a servant at shops—I do not know his mother, I know his sister—he did not live at her house at all, that I know of—I do not know her house—I do not know her husband, nor what he is except from what I have heard.

Q. Pray have you known the prisoner within the last two yean and a half; dealing in brandy and things? A. Yes—I heard of his being under steward of a steam-boat—I do not know it of my own knowledge.

Q. I suppose the under-steward of a steamer ought to know how to read and write? A. I do not presume to give my opinion on that, but I know he cannot—he cannot read the newspaper—he has asked me to read it to him a dozen times or more, especially within the last two years—I have seen him the last two months—I cannot tell what he has been in that time—I really, do not think he can tell B from O, from his ignorance—I can tell you an instance.

Q. Have you known him in all the time doing any thing to gain an honest livelihood? A. No; except dealing in cigars—I believe he got them from stewards of steamers—I am collecting-clerk to Mr. Morris, of Sun Wharf, Ratcliff, and have been so fifteen or eighteen months, constantly in his employ, and am so At the present moment—it is quite by accident I am here—I came to collect money in the Old Bailey, and saw Mr. Kelly, the attorney for the defence, who requested me to come in—I came to collect from Mr. Smith over the way, and at the Dolphin, on Ludgate-bill—I have the Dolphin bill in my pocket—it is my master, Mr. Morris's bill—(producing it)—I was at Lambeth-street when the prisoner was under examination.

Q. Did you say any thing to the Justice about his being unable to read or write? A. I had no occasion to do that—I went there for my own pleasure, on that occasion, to hear the evidence which would be adduced against the prisoner—I know some of his acquaintances.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You were going to give an instance by which you know the prisoner could not read or write? A. Yes—on one occasion he asked me to write a letter for him—that is about six, seven, or eight weeks ago.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was it before or after the 18th of November? A. I should say it was previous to that.

COURT. Q. How often have you read a paper for him within the last two years? A. I recollect one case, particularly, about two men being charged at the Thames police-office with smuggling—one of them was sent

for three months imprisonment, and he asked me to read the particulars to him—that is about six months ago—I should say he had asked me to read the paper to him half a dozen times within six months—he came to a public house I used in an evening, and when he wanted to know the particular I read it to him—on another occasion he gave me a stamp, and said it might be of service to me—I said, "What stamp is it, 1s. 6d., or what?"—he said, "I don't know"—I took it up, and looked at it, and he said, "Look at him, he is looking if it is a January one," instead of a genuine one.





JAMES LINDON
. I am a turnkey in Clerkenwell prison. The prisoner was there on this charge, and, in the course of his imprisonment, he asked me to write a letter for him, which I did, as he said he could not write himself.

COURT. Q. That was after the charge was made against him? A. About a fortnight ago.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know was it before or after he was before the Magistrate on this charge? A. I think it was before the last examination.

MR. MAULE. Q. How long have you known him? A. Not till he was in custody at the New Prison—I never saw him before he was sent there for this offence—it was after he was examined and remanded he asked me to write the letter—it was directed to Mr. Kelly, a solicitor—I never saw him in the prison before, to my knowledge—I cannot swear it—I might have seen him—I see some hundreds in the course of a year.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you any favour or affection for him? A. None whatever, one man is the same to me as another.

MR. MAULE. Q. Is it not part of your duty, as turnkey, to know the prisoners? A. It may be—I have been turnkey ten years—it if put of our duty to know the faces of prisoners—I should say that I never saw this man before, but I see so many hundreds.

Q. Are you ready to swear he was not in your custody last May, for Clerkenwell? A. I should say I never saw him before, but I will not swear it.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is this the letter you wrote for him?—(producing one.) A. It is—I should think I have seen 14 or 15,000 prisoners in the prison since I have been there.





JAMES WINSON
. I am a dyer. I have known the prisoner eight or nine years—to the best of my knowledge he can neither read nor write—I have read newspapers for him many times.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What has he been? A. A vender of cigars, for himself principally, I believe—he has been on board the Dundee stemer as second or third steward—he may very probably have dealt in brandy and other things—I cannot say to the contrary—to the best of my know ledge I believe he has—I have purchased cigars of him—I have know him offer brandy for sale—I never learnt from him how he got the brandy and cigars, but I believe they were smuggled principally—I should not think it necessary for a steward on board a steamer to be able to write—I never knew the prisoner read or write in my life—I live at No. 2, Bellwharf, Shad well—I have lived there seven or eight years—I am a master dyer—I always heard that the prisoner lived with his mother—I seen him at his mother's when she was in lodgings—I never knew him living in School-house-yard, Whitechapel—nor any place of that kind.


COURT. Q. How many people have you in your employ? A. Only one.

MR. MONTAGUE
re-examined. Q. Do you remember at Lambeth-street any person telling you that the prisoner could not write? A. Not at the office—it was when I was down at the Flying Horse—it was not said to me particularly, but I believe it was this person (Simpson) said so—that was the same day, but after I was at the office—he expressed the same antidote about the bill January or genuine.





GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Recorder.

