





1642. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, 1 coat, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Clark
               




            , his master; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


                  HENRY 
                  CLARK
               



            . I live in Jermyn-street, St. James'


, and am a bath proprietor
 - the prisoner was in my service about two months. On the 16th of July I took off a coat, and delivered it to my female servant the last thing at night - it was past ten o'clock, and she put it into the parlour in my presence - I missed the coat, and went in search of the prisoner; we found him at a pawnbroker's door with anther person, and another person was inside pawning the coat at the time, but I did not know that till we brought the prisoner back to my house.
Prisoner. There was no more than one with me? Witness. You said there was another inside the house.


                  ANN 
                  WANSBOURNE
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's service. I received his coat - I put it on the parlour table; I missed it the first thing in the morning - I heard the prisoner charged with taking it: he said he had had it, and given it to a young man to pawn; I found the shutters open in the morning, when the coat was gone - there was no one in the house but my master and I.


                  JAMES 
                  DENNIS
               



            . I am a constable. I went with the prosecutor: we found the prisoner at the pawnbroker's door; he said a person in company with him had pawned the coat - I went to the shop; they said it had been offered, but it was not there.


                  HENRY 
                  EGERTON
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I know the prisoner, and was present at his trial in this Court - I have the certificate of his conviction; I am certain he is the person - (read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
