





939. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of March
, 1 yard of kerseymere, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Broderick
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRODERICK
               



            . I am a tailor
, and live in Hereford-place, Commercial-road


. On the evening of the 23rd of March, I went into my area, to turn on the gas; I looked up, and saw the prisoner step across the railing over my head, and look into the window of my shop; he then went into the shop - I ran up as quick as I could, and when I got to the back parlour, which I had to pass through, I looked through the window of the door, and saw him go behind the counter; I saw him take this piece of kerseymere from the shelf - he was walking round the counter again to go out with it; I opened the parlour door, and went into the shop - he stooped down, threw it back again, and rushed to the end of the counter; I met him, and he said, "Does one Jones, a tailor, live here" - I knocked for my wife to get an officer; the prisoner rushed round me to get out - I tried to put my foot to shut the door, but he dragged me into the street, and began to strike me with his fist; I still held him, and we fought a considerable time - a gentleman came up and advised me to go into the shop; I got him in, and the officer came and took him.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Did he not appear to be drunk? A. Yes, afterwards, but I did not notice it at the time - he threw me down, cut my knee, and tore my breeches; I do not recollect his saying that he wished to purchase a waistcoat - he was a stranger to me; I am sure he was not in front of the counter.


                  PETER 
                  COSTELLO
               



            , (Police-constable K 90.) I took the prisoner, and have the kerseymere; I took him to the station - he said if I would not say any thing about him, to make him better known, he would do something handsome for me and my brother officer; he said at first that he had done nothing.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say that rather than be exposed he would give a pound? A. No.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went to ask the price of a waistcoat; I turned round, and the prosecutor laid hold of my collar - I had not been behind the counter; I was at the end next the window.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
