



1338. 




JOHN CARTER
 was again indicted

 for burglariously breaking, and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles Barrett, at 
West Ham, Essex, about the hour of two in the night of the 
1st of April, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 coats, value 2l.; 1 umbrella, value 10s.; 1 tippet, value 5s.; 1 cap, value 2s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 2 collars, value 1s.; and 1 spoon, value 5s., his goods; and 1 umbrella, value 1l. 3s. the goods of 



James Barrett.






CHARLES BARRETT
. I live at Chopham farm, West Ham, Essex. On Friday, the 1st of April, I went to bed about half-past eleven—I was the last open up—I looked into the parlour, which was afterwards broken open, and saw that it was fastened—I did not fasten it myself—I was disturbed in the night, about ten minutes or a quarter past three o'clock, while it was dark, by a noise—I have a wife and three children, a male and two female servants—I did not get up on hearing the noise as I thought it was the servant going away with a load, which he does about four o'clock—I was called about a quarter of an hour before seven by the servant, Hannah Davis—it was light then—I went down stairs and found the shutters broker open in the room which I had seen fast—the shutters, were quite open—I missed a great coat, worth 15s. or 16s., two silk umbrellas, a fur tippet, a woman's cap and two collars, a tea-spoon, and several small

things, of very little consequence—all the things were worth between 3l. and 4l.





HANNAH DAVIS
. I am servant to the prosecutor. I got up on Saturday morning, the 2nd of April, at a little after six o'clock—I was the first down—when I got down stairs I found the hail door open, which open into a front yard—they had broken into the parlour and gone out that way—I am certain I fastened the parlour shutters the night before—I missed a tea-spoon out of the store-room, and also the things my master has spoken of—there were several marks of dirt on the window sill and the carpet, as if some body had got in there.





JAMES BARRETT
. I live in London. I went to my cousin's the prosecutor, on a visit, on Sunday, the 27th of March—I only staid there for the duty—I left a silk umbrella there, which I have since sea at Lambeth-street.





THOMAS GEORGE SIZER
. I am in the employ of Lawrence Kennedy, a pawnbroker, in High-street, Shadwell. I have an umbrella which was pawned by a female named Sarah Johnson, for 8s.—I knew her before—I do not recollect her by any other name—it was on Saturday, and I think in the afternoon.





BENJAMIN PRITCHARD
. I am connected with the police. I went to the prosecutor's house, after the prisoner was taken into custody, to examine the shutter of his house, and brought away a part of it, which I now produce—I compared it with the crow-bar, and it tallies with the marks on it.





THOMAS SHELSWELL
. On Wednesday, the 11th of April, I went to Elbow-lane, Shadwell, and found the prisoner there; and in a hole in the ceiling of his room, I found this crow-bar, and other implements—I shewed the crow-bar to Pritchard—I found, on the bed, the duplicate of an umbrella, pawned for 8s., at Kennedy's, No. 184, High-street, Shadwell, on the 2nd of April, in the name of Sarah Johnson—I asked him whose property it was—he said it belonged to him.
(Umbrella produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY of breaking and entering, not burglariously. Aged 19. 


Transported of Life.
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
