





1517. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     O'HARA
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September
, 44 lb. weight of copper, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Frederick 
                           Bowman
                        




                     
                   and another
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HOLBERT
               



            . I am a bricklayer. On the 24th of September I was going to my labour, just after six o'clock in the morning - I saw the prisoner lift two baskets covered with hay at the door of Mr. Bowman; he took one of them on his head, and went off - I then looked into the other, and saw it was full of copper - I ran after the prisoner, and took hold of him; he threw the basket on me; it fell on my arm, and caused me to let him go; he said, "Good God, you don't know my distress," and ran off; I pursued and took him again.


                  RICHARD 
                  DAVIDSON
               



            . I am a coppersmith, in the employ of Mr. Norbury - this copper is my work; it belonged to the prosecutor.


                  SAMUEL 
                  KEWEL
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Frederick Bowman and Son; I believe this to be their property; I had seen it safe and locked up a fortnight before - on the 24th of September, Holbert told me he had seen a person carry some away - I do not know the prisoner; but we believe he got in at a broken pane of glass, and took the box-staple off the lock.
Prisoner's Defence. The window was not big enough for any person to get in; I have had a good character and was going to my work at Mr. Crowder's - I found this property; I did not steal it; it was in the road, and I took it on my head.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16 - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
