



1361. 




CHARLES FREDERICK BUTLER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
25th of March, 10 sovereigns, the monies of 



Elizabeth Ann Wood; and that he had been before convicted of felony.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the monies of 



Michael Wood.






ELIZABETH ANN WOOD
. I live with my father, in Bermondsey-street. On the 25th of March the prisoner came to my lather's, dressed as a sailor; be introduced himself as Edward Butler, and said be had just arrived from Sidney, in New South Wales, and that he was chief officer of the ship Australia—he asked if Mr. Wood was at home; I told him he was not—he said he would have given the world to have seen him, as it was on particular business—he said so repeatedly—he then said, "You have some friends there, "and mentioned the name of a friend we had there some years back; but I do not know whether he is there now—he mentioned the name of Undershaft—I asked if he had any message from him; he said, as I was a female, he could not tell me, but it was very particular business—he then asked for a bit of paper, and wrote upon it "Mr. Edward Butler, chief officer of the ship Australia, East India Docks"—he gave me the paper—I said I had heard of the name—he said, "Yes, you know the family"—I said, "I know Miss Butler"—he said, "Yes, Harriet Butler"—he then mentioned the names of several friends, and appeared perfectly acquainted with them—he then asked me if I would give him a glass of beer; I said, "Certainly"—my sister then came in, and asked him to walk in—he went and sat nearly an hour—he said could not I send for Miss Butler?—I said I could; he said, "Say Mr. Butler has arrived from New South Wales"—he said, if Mr. Wood had been at home, he should have gone with him to his ship—he said, "He should have gone in my gig; I suppose you know what that means, My jolly-boat"—I said he would not have gone—he said, "Yes, he should have slept in the same bed that Justice Stevens slept in"—he said, "We brought them over, and put them on shore at Penzance"—he said,

"I shall be up on the ship's business at half-past six o'clock in the morning, and then Mr. Wood must go with me to the Custom-house" he said he should have his uniform on, and I should scarcely know him—he then mentioned the name of Edgington, and some friends at Seven Oaks, and said he had got some things on board for us, which he would give us if we liked them—he said he had some sparrows, and ajar of tamarinds, which were quite genuine; and a parrot of very beautiful plumage—he dare say I had never seen one so beautiful in my life—he said, "What do you suppose we can get them for?"—I said I did not know—he said, "We can get them for a common handkerchief because they are not allowed to use money"—he staid some time, and then said, "Can you oblige me with 5l.—I said, "Certainly"—as I was counting that he said, "If you have five more, I shall be much obliged to you"—when I was counting down the remainder, I said, "Is it to change a note or a cheque?"—he put his hand on it directly, took up the ten sovereigns, and said, "I shall be back in half-an-hour, when Miss Butler will be here;" and I understood him he should return it—whether he said that or not I do not know—it rather confused me at the moment—he went away immediately, and I never never saw him again till he was in custody.

Prisoner. I asked for the loan of five sovereigns, and wished to see her father—she asked if I was a relation of Mrs. Butler's. Witness. No; I have stated the truth—he said, "Will you oblige me with five sovereigns."

COURT. Q. Did you understand that you were to lend it to him? A. No, I expected he would come back immediately, or within half-an-hour.

Prisner. Q. Did you not ask me if I had a cheque? A. No; I said, "Is it to change a cheque?" and you said, "No"—I was too much alarmed, or I would have sent for an officer.

COURT. Q. When were you alarmed? A. When he put his hand on the money, and took up the sovereigns—he said what I have stated, and left immediately.





MICHAEL WOOD
. I have merely to say this was my money, which I had intrusted my daughter with, when I was out on business—I had no reason to expect any thing from any body in that country, and I have not received any thing.





GEORGE MURRAY
. I know the prisoner; his name is Edward Delves—I produce a copy of his conviction in Surrey, which I got from Mr. Lawson—I was present at the trial, and know he is the man (read.)

Prisoner's Defence. I certainly went and asked if Mr. Wood was at home—she said he was not—she asked if I was related to Mr. Butler; which I am, as Mr. Butler in Cheapside married my sister—I said, "Can you oblige me with five sovereigns?" and she produced a bag in Which were forty or fifty sovereigns—I said, "Can you oblige me with five more?"—she said "Yes"—I took the money, and did not return.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
