





869. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GORLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of April
, 5 silver spoons, value 2l.
            , the goods of the Rev.


                     Thomas 
                     Taylor
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  RANCE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Martin Ware, of Bloomsbury-square. On the afternoon of the 2nd of April, I was out with my master's carriage in the King's-road


 - I went to knock at a door, and saw the prisoner in an area; our coachman saw him, and said, "What are you at there?" he said, "It is only my cap;" two more boys were standing there - the prisoner had got the window up; he came over the rails - the coachman said to me,"You go after him;" which I did, and a porter stopped him - I took off his cap, and found five spoons in it.



                  ROBERT 
                  KELLEY
               



            . I am a batter. I saw Rance running after the prisoner, and crying Stop thief! the prisoner was very much out of breath; I met him - he began to cry, and desired me not to stop him; I seized him by the tail of his coat - he struggled a little, and tried to get away, but I saw these spoons, and gave him to an officer.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am servant to the Rev. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Taylor
               



            ; these spoons were his, and were kept in the front pantry - two of them have a crest on them, and the others his initials.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURTON
               



            . I took the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. A boy threw my cap over - he told me to go and take the spoons, and I did.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
