





337. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     FLANDERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of December
, at 63 lbs. of pork, value 34s., and 9 yards of linen cloth, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Howes
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  HOWES
               



            . I am a butcher
, and live in Tabernacle-square, Old-Street. On Saturday, the 1st of December, this pork was in my cart, in Newgate-street


 - I had just bought it in the market; in about half an hour I missed it - it was wrapped up in a cloth; I saw it again about half an hour afterwards - the prisoner was in custody with it, close to my cart; I knew it to be mine - the prisoner was a perfect stranger.


                  HUMPHRY 
                  EASLEY
               



            . I am a butcher, and live in Church-street, Bethnal-green. I saw the prisoner take the pork out of Howes' cart, in Newgate-street - the tail-board was down - I went after him, and hallooed out Stop thief! and as he turned round Ivy-lane, a man stopped him; I never lost sight of him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoner in charge. The meat was returned to the prosecutor - I kept the cloth which Howes claimed - the pork weighed 63 lbs.(Cloth produced and sworn to.)


                  JAMES 
                  BLAKE
               



            . I am a Policeman. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction (which I got from the clerk of this Court) - I know him to be the man - (read); I was present at his trial, and heard the verdict given.
Prisoner. I am extremely sorry - I did it through distress - I have a wife and six children now in Clerkenwell workhouse.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 41. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
