





1495. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of May
, 1 purse, value 1s.; 1 half-crown, 6 shillings, and 3 sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wade
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Wade
                        



.


                  MARY 
                  WADE
               



            . I am the wife
 of William Wade - he is an accountant
 at Messrs. Clayton and Scott's. On the 28th of May, between three and four o'clock, as I was in St. Martin's-court


 with my daugher, the prisoner came up, and I felt a pressure - I did not see him cut my bag, but I saw him with my purse in his hand; my bag was on my arm, and his hand was in the bag, in a hole which had been cut in it - he ran off; I pursued him into a public-house on the left hand side; he threw my purse down behind the door, and a gentleman took it up and gave it to me.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Was there not a crowd about? A. There were a great many persons coming to the public-house - I am quite certain of the prisoner's person; I never took my eyes off him till he was taken - I am sure he threw the purse down.


                  ROBERT 
                  WYNNE
               



            . I am an attorney. I saw the prisoner turn round - he was walking away; the prosecutrix cried "Stop him! he has robbed me of my purse;" he ran into the public-house - I followed, and saw him drop the purse; I took it up - a person came in and took him.


                  GEORGE 
                  ALLEN GREENING
               



            . I was in the public-house, having some ale; a mob rushed in - I did not see the purse thrown away, but I heard some one say, "That is one of them," and, being an officer, I took him.
Cross-examined. Q. There were a great many people? A. Yes, I suppose in two or three minutes there were two hundred people.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HIGGINS
               



             (Police-constable F 35.) The prisoner was given to me at the station; this is the bag and the purse.
MRS. WADE. This is my bag and purse - the purse had 10s. in silver in it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
