





Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
837. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     STALLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of November
, 1 silk dress, value 3l.; 1 muff, value 3l.; 1 pair of stays, value 1l.; 1 gold chain and cross, value 3l.; 4 gold rings, value 15s.; 10 spoons, value 3l.; 2 pairs of ear-rings, value 10s.; 2 gold seals, value 1l.; 1 gold key, value 15s., and 2 shifts, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Phillips
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  SARAH 
                  ANN PHILLIPS
               



            . I am the wife of John Phillips; we live in Southampton-buildings, Holborn


 - the prisoner lived seven weeks in my service. On the morning of the 5th of November, about half-past six o'clock (she slept in the next room) I knocked, she did not answer; I went into her room, and found she had not been in bed, for it was not unmade - I found she had absconded, and missed the property stated in the indictment; her boxes were not taken away - I found them open; I did not see her again till she was in custody - the property might be worth about 20l.; no single article was worth 5l. - I saw my chain and ear-rings on the Monday evening; she left on Thursday.


                  JAMES 
                  HOWELL
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Bartram, pawnbroker, Princes-street, Soho. I have two rings pawned on the 28th of November for 10s. in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Argent
               



            , by the prisoner, 1 believe; she came on the 20th of March, said she had lost the duplicate, and wanted to take them out - I told her she must make an affidavit before they could be delivered; she said she would not expose herself by going to a public office, and went away.


                  THOMAS 
                  PRATT
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Dobree, of Charing-cross. I have five tea-spoons, pawned on the 6th of November for 12s., in the name of Mrs. Phillips - a pair of ear-rings, two seals, a watch-key, pawned for 16s. in the same name, at the same time, but in different pledges; they were pawned by a respectable dressed female, but I have not the slightest recollection of her - I cannot say whether it was the prisoner or not.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PACKER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Cotterell, of Oxford-street. I have two table cloths, and two salt spoons, pawned on the 5th of November for 25s.; also a pair of ear-rings and two gold rings, the same day, for 8s., all in the name of 
               E. 
            Phillips, No. 6, Gilbert-street; I do not know who by.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ADAMSON
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On Thursday, the 25th of March, I received some duplicates from Mr. Hodges, which have been in my possession ever since - here are two of Cotterell's, two of Dobree's, and one of Bartram's; I have also a silk dress which I received from Hodges - he sent his servant up stairs for it.


                  JAMES 
                  HOWELL
               



            . This is the duplicate of the two rings.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARKER
               



            . Here are the two duplicates I gave the person.


                  THOMAS 
                  PRATT
               



            . Here is our duplicate.
C. A. C. HODGES. I delivered these five duplicates to Adamson - they were found in my house, in Portman-street, by an officer; I saw him find them in a small trunk which the prisoner had packed up, containing silver spoons and other property of mine, but which she did not take away - the trunk belonged to the prisoner; she brought it when she came into my service; she was my only servant, and left me on the 21st of March - these duplicates were found that day; the box was left with me, and remained with me, I believe, till I gave the duplicate to Adamson - I generally carried them in my pockets; I cannot swear they are the same duplicates -I am certain I delivered him the same duplicates as I found in the box; this silk dress I believe to be the same as I have seen the prisoner wear.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HORNSBY
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On the 25th of March I took the prisoner at No. 20, James-street, and among other property. I found a squirrel muff in the back kitchen - the prisoner was there; she said nothing about it.
MRS. PHILLIPS. This is my muff - there is a place or two where the moth had got into it; I bought it the winter before last - I am certain it is mine; I had seen that on the Wednesday - I know this ring; the other is a plain one - the spoons, key, and other things are mine;I had seen them a few days before she left - I gave nobody authority to pawn any of the articles.
Prisoner. I leave myself to the mercy of the Court.




               GUILTY (of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .) Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years, to commence from the expiration of her former sentence
            , (see page 343.)
Second London Jury. - Before Mr. Recorder.
