





491. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HARLETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of December
, 30 yards of flannel, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Goodinge
                  




               
            .
ANN GOODINGE. I am the wife of John Goodinge, a linendraper
, of Brick-lane, Old-street


. On the 7th of December, I saw the prisoner go out of our shop with this roll of flannel, at a quarter-past six o'clock in the evening; I followed him; he dropped it when he had run about a dozen doors; I had seen his back as he went out of the shop, and as he turned by the shop window I saw his face - I did not see him stopped - a gentleman picked up the flannel and gave it me; he was brought to the shop in two or three minutes by the watchman.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.Have you ever seen him before? A. I think I had the night before; I had but a short sight of him, but I followed him for three or four doors - he turned, and I saw his face distinctly by a gas-light.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ALDRIDGE
               



            . I am a watchman; I was going my round at a quarter-past six o'clock, and heard the witness call Stop thief! I turned and heard her call again - in a very short time I saw the prisoner coming across John-street, with something white under his arm; he was the person she appeared to be calling after - he dropped the flannel and ran very fast - I ran across; he ran down Clarendon-street, and I followed him, calling Stop thief! all the way, and a person who keeps a little shop, ran out just in time to stop him - I was very close behind him, and never lost sight of him.
Cross-examined by MR. HEALEY. Q.How far were you from the prosecutor's door, when you first saw the prisoner? A. It might be one hundred yards; he ran in a straight direction to the end of John-street, where he turned - that was two or three hundred yards from where he was stopped; he only turned twice, but I did not lose sight of him -I was a very short distance from him all the way.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHILD
               



            . I am a green-grocer; I heard a cry of Stop thief! I ran out and stopped the prisoner - I gave him in charge of the watchman; I did not see any thing on his person.
Cross-examined. Q.Was the watchman near him? A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  VANN
               



            . I am a broker. I was standing at the corner of Brick-lane - I saw the prisoner running with the bundle of flannel; I pursued him till he dropped it - I took it up and gave it to Mr. Goodinge.
Cross-examined. Q.How far from the house did he drop it? A. Perhaps one hundred yards; it was dark, the gas was lighted - that part is very well lighted, it is near the gas-house; I did not see the prisoner stopped; I had not seen him before, but I met him then, and can swear to him.
JOHN BROWN. I am the officer. The prisoner was brought to me with this flannel; I searched, and found on him, this phosphorus-box, and a duplicate of a coat, which he said he had picked up.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to Mr. Lawrence, in Clarendon-street, to fetch a box for Mr. Henderson, in Howland-street; I had but just got down stairs, when I heard Stop thief! called - I turned in the direction they were running, when I knocked against the man who took me - the watchman came up and said, I had a long coat on, and I was the thief - Mr. Brown would not allow me to send to Clarendon-street.
JOSEPH ALDRIDGE. Clarendon-street was not mentioned then; he asked if he could send to his friend - I did not hear the name of Lawrence.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
