



181. 





GEORGE EDWARDS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
5th of August, 1 mare, price 24l.; 1 gig, value 12l.; 1 set of harness, value 3l.; and 1 whip, value 4s.; the goods of 



Henry Pritchard.






HENRY PRITCHARD
. I am a livery stable-keeper, and live in Percy-street, Rathbone-place. Two or three days previous to Sunday, the 5th of August, the prisoner came to me—I never had any dealings with him before, but I thought I had seen his face—he asked me if he could have a horse and chaise for the Sunday following, the same grey mare and chaise which a gentleman named Heath had been in the habit of having—I asked if he knew Mr. Heath—he said yes, he had been living in the family, or words to that effect—I asked him where it was to go to—he said to Hatfield—I told him I could not let it go to Hatfield and back in one day, but he being a servant in Mr. Heath's family, if his master could spare him two days, I would charge him very little more—I told him I could not promise him the grey mare till my foreman returned, not knowing whether he had promised it, he being out at the time, but if he called on Saturday he could have a conclusive answer—he did call, and it was agreed he should pay 28s. for the two days—it was taken away on the 5th of August—I let him have it, believing his story—I did not see the mare again till the 6th of November—the prisoner never came to pay me—I lost my gig, mare, harness, and whip—I value them at 40l.—I found them all again at Alresford, a little on this side Winchester, nearly eighty miles from London—on the 4th of November, I went with an officer to Sandhurst, near Black-water, where I heard the prisoner was living in service—we saw him there, on the road to his master's house—I followed him, and instead of going into the village, he went over a gate away from it to avoid us—we at last took him in a public-house, into which he followed us.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I believe you found he had been in Mr. Heath's service, and was so at that time? A. I found he had just left—Mr. Heath's father dying, there was no use for him—he was not discharged for anything wrong—the prisoner told me where my horse and gig were—he did not ask whether he should come to any harm if he told me—he said, "If I said where it was, would any thing be done to a young man that has done wrong?" but we never made him any promise—the officer said, no promise could or should be made, but it was for him to think whether he would make a friend of Mr. Pritchard or not—I never said any thing at all.






BENJAMIN REVELL
. I live with the prosecutor. On Sunday, the 5th of August, I delivered to a man like the prisoner, the mare, gig, and harness—I think he is the man.





THOMAS AYLWARD
. I am an innkeeper at Alresford. I bought the horse and gig of the prisoner on the 8th of August—I had seen him before, backwards and forwards—he always represented that he had property at Southampton—he said he had bought the horse and gig cheap, and thought it would answer my purpose to let out—I had my name put on it, had a licence, and let it out—it is the same the prosecutor has claimed.

Cross-examined. Q. What is it worth? A. I should not give 20l. for it now—I did not give so much as that for it—it may be worth 15l. or 18l. perhaps.
(Robert Gibson, Esq., of Sandhurst, the prisoner's master; George Smith, Esq., solicitor, South-street, Lincoln's-inn; and Henry Dobee, King's-road, Chelsea, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and the Jury.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Recorder.
