





598. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WEEKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, 1 watch, value 7l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Beaty
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BEATY
               



            . I am a carpenter
. On the 1st of February, between twelve and half-past twelve o'clock in the morning, I fell in with the prisoner at the end of Tothill-street - I went home with her to the Almonry


, and went to a room on the second-floor; I know I had my watch when I went into the room, as the chain was hanging out, and I had looked at my watch when the Abbey clock struck twelve - I am sure I had put it safe in my pocket again; I did not see any person in the room but the prisoner; I went to bed with her, but did not take off my trousers - she got out of bed, and went to the end of the room; she came back between me and the candle, took my watch, and gave it to a person that came past, and who went off with it; I suppose that person came from a cupboard - the prisoner staid in the room; I called out, and gave charge of her.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not take a light up stairs with me? A. No, you struck a light in the room.


                  JOHN 
                  DANGERFIELD
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I was on duty - the prosecutor gave charge of the prisoner; they were scuffling together - he appeared sober, and charged her with stealing his watch.
Prisoner. Q. Was I in the street? A. Yes, as much as twelve yards from the door.
Prisoner's Defence. I met this man talking to two others; he crossed, and asked where I was going - I said to No. 26, Almonry; he said, "Can I go with you?" I said there was a young woman lived with me, but she was not at home - I got a light, and took it up; we went into the room - he shut the door, and bolted it; he said, "Put out the light, and come to bed" - I said, "I beg your pardon, what are you going to give me?" he said, "I have only a few halfpence, but you need not be afraid to trust me till to-morrow" - I said, "That won't pay my rent;" I sat down on the bed, but would not go to bed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
