





1739. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of August
, 1 bag, value 1d.; 1 lb. of meat, value 4d.; 16 pieces of leather, value 4s., and 1 pair of boots. value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Sheldon
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  SHELDON
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and live in Payne-street, White Conduit-fields. On the 5th of August I sent my little boy to fetch some work from Mr. Lyons, in Amwell-street; he never brought it - I was obliged to pay for it - I do not know the prisoner.


                  RICHARD 
                  SHELDON
               



            . I am the son of the prosecutor. I saw Mr. Lyon put this property into my bag; there was one pound of meat, sixteen pieces of leather, and a pair of boots - I was bringing them to my father's, and saw the prisoner in Penton-street; he said he would give me 3d. to go an errand for him - I said I would; he said I must leave my bag with him - I was to fetch him some clothes from the corner of Vittoria-street, and he would take care of my bag - I was not gone above five or ten minutes; they said they had no clothes; when I came back he was gone with the bag - I never had the 3d; on the 19th of August, I saw him by Islington turnpike, and pointed him out to the constable, who took him.


                  JOHN 
                  SHEEHY
               



            . I am a Policeman. The boy pointed the prisoner out at the turnpike, and said he had stolen his bag of work - I followed him; he looked back, and seeing me and the boy, began to run, but I secured him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRATTERO
               



            . I saw the prisoner and prosecutor's son talking in Penton-street, and can swear to his person.
Prisoner. The Policeman said there was a charge against me, and I surrendered - I did not know what I was taken for.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
