



447. 




JOSEPH PAMPLING
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of December, 1 halter, value 6d.; 1 horse-cloth, value 1s.; and 1 mare, price 52l.; the goods and property of 



Joseph Manesty.






JOHN TOOMBYY
. I am coachman to Mr. Joseph Manesty. In December last he had a mare in his possession—I missed her between seven and eight o'clock one morning, when the constable came—I cannot tell the day of the month—it was in December—I do not know the day of the week, but it was last Saturday, I think—I had teen her between eight and nine o'clock the night before, in the stable—I looked into the stable next morning, and she was gone—the horse-cloth and halter were taken away also—I saw the mare again about half-past ten o'clock the same morning, down at Greenwich—the constable had her—I cannot tell his name—I had gone to Greenwich in search of her—it is about three miles from master's premises—the prisoner was in custody of the constable—I knew him by sight before—he had nothing to do with my master at Woolwich—he was, in his service at Chelmsford, where master had lived before he came to Woolwich—he had left Chelmsford about fourteen or fifteen months, and had no servants at Chelmsford at the time the mare was missing—the prisoner was not in his service at the time—I do not know how long he had been out of his service, but it was a long time—I have been with my master about three months—he was not in his service during that time—the mare the constable had was my master's—she is worth about fifty guineas.





JOSEPH MANESTY
. I live at Woolwich. I heard of the mare being stolen last Saturday, between eight and nine o'clock—the prisoner was not in my employ at that time—I had allowed him to be at my stable to learn grooming, and allowed him 1l. a quarter, to give that to his mother—I did that out of charity—he left me last November twelvemonth, and has not been in my service since that at all—he had on authority from me to

do any thing to the mare—when I left Chelmsford last March, I left him in the employ of Dr. Clifford, of Chelmsford, and I knew nothing of him since—the mare was found in the possession of the policeman Smith, who gave us information of her being found at Greenwich—I was present when the mare was shown to my coachman—I unfortunately cannot see myself.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I am a policeman. I was on duty on Saturday morning last, on the Greenwich-road, about a quarter past five o'clock—I did not know the prosecutor's house then—I know it now—I was about three miles and a half from his house—I saw the prisoner riding on a boy mare, and stopped him on the road—he was riding slowly—he had a horse-cloth and roller on the mare, and a halter—he was coming towards London, in a direction from the prosecutor's—I asked him who the bane belonged to—he said, "To Captain Manesty, of Woolwich"—I asked where he was going to take it—he told me to Chelmsford, in Essex—I asked him if he was a servant—he said he had 4l. a year, and to find his own livery, and that he was servant to Captain Manesty—I asked him if Captain Manesty was in the army or navy—he said, "In the navy"—I asked him if his master had given him a note or letter—he said, "No"—. I asked what money his master had given him to defray the turnpikes with—he said 5s.—I asked him how long he had been in his employ—he said, "Last November twelvemonth"—I asked him what was to be done with the horse when he got to Chelmsford, whether it was going to be sold—he said it was too large for his master, and he was going to take it to his master's brother—I asked him why he did not have a saddle—he said his master only had one, and he might want to go out before he came back, as he should be gone two or three days—not believing him, I took him into custody, and locked him up at Greenwich—I then went and made inquiry—I went to the prosecutor's house, and saw Toomey—I was present when he saw the mare and claimed it—it was the same mare the prisoner was riding when I stopped him—he was going at a slow pace—I kept walking with him as he was going towards the station-house—after I questioned him, I detained him—I told him I should take him to the station-house—he said nothing to that—he went willingly—when I began to search him, he put his hand into his pocket, pulled out a purse, and said, "Oh, master gave me 5s. last night, why, I must have lost the money"—I found no money on him.

MR. MANESTY
re-examined. I have no brother residing at Chelmsford—I have a brother a Captain, but not residing at Chelmsford—I gave the prisoner no money since November twelvemonth—he got into a respectable situation with Dr. Clifford without any character from me.

Prisoner's Defence. I was very hungry and had no place to lie—I was out of a situation and did not care where I went, having no place to sleep—I left Mr. Wild last Wednesday, who I lived with.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Recorder.

