



2164. 




THOMAS ROWE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of October, at 
Staines, Middlesex, part of a seal, value 2s.; 7 handkerfchief's, value 10s.; 1 pair of scales, value 1s.; 1 box, value 2d.; 2 knives, value 2s.; 1 gown, value 20s.; 3 shawls, value 3l.; 1 scarf, value 1l.; 1 jacket, value 1l.; 2 waistcoats, value 10s.; 1 cloak, value 2l.; 3 coats, value 5l.; and 1 pair of trowsers, value 10s.; the goods of 



William Rogers, in his dwelling-house.







WILLIAM ROGERS
. I live at the Camden's Head, Church-lane, Lime-house. On Tuesday, the 6th of October, the prisoner came to my house with three others, at about eleven o'clock, and continued there until about three o'clock, sometimes in-doors, and sometimes out in the yard—they called for some beer, and Mrs. Rogers served them—I had occasion to go to my bed-room before they left, and when I entered the room, I saw two large bundles on the bed—bed one was tied in a yellow silk handkerchief, and the other in a blue handkerchief—I do not know how they came there—when I first entered the room, I thought my wife might have tied them up—I was cleaning myself in the room to go to the West End, and thought I heard footsteps in the lobby up stairs—I turned round, and saw the prisoner at the bed-room door, with his shoes in his hand—I said, "What do you want here?"—he said, "I have made a mistake, and have come the wrong road"—he turned round, and ran down stairs immediately—I followed him down as fast as I could, and saw him enter a small passage forthy or fifty yards from the house—I followed him enter a small passage, across the next street, and down another street—when I got pretty near him, he dropped a black silk handkerchief—he was stopped by some people in the street, and I brought him home to my parlour—he was very desireous of having his shoes; but as he had run without his shoes, I thought he should return without them—I put him down on one of the seats in the parlour close to the fire-place—he tried to get up two or three times to go to the other side of the parlour after his shoes; and I shook him, and a mahogany box, with money-scales, fell from his clothes—I said, "That is my box, you rascal, you have been into the bed-room before;" as that had been in the drawer of my dressing-table—I put my hand down to his trowsers, and felt something in his pocket, in which I found a knife with my name engraved upon it, and another knife belonging to my wife—he was taken to the station-house by a policeman, searched there, and part of a gold seal was found in a handkerchief tied round his leg under his trowsers—they belong to me—when I returned, I went to the cellar, and found another bundle just against the trap—that contained a silk plaid dress, a silk shawl, and a camel-hair shawl—the bundles were taken to the office, with what was found up stairs—an inventory was taken by the policeman—I cannot say the prisoner had any thing to do with the bundle—he must have been in the room before I saw him there, as he had articles on him which had been taken from there—all the articles in the different bundles had been in that room—the value of all the property is about 12l. 5s.





WILLIAM RONAYNE
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner to the station-house, I serached him, and found a handkerchief and part of a gold seal on him—I got a box and scales from Rogers—I asked the prisoner where he lived, and what was his name—he told me to go and find out—I saw the bundles brought to the station-house by the prosecutor—the sergeant took an account of them—Rogers has a copy of it—the sergeant is not here.





WILLIAM ROGERS

re-examined. All the things were in the drawers before

the prisoner came to the house, and some in chests—I saw them there the day before—my wife is not here—I had seen the property that day or the day before—I never saw the other boys after two o'clock.

Prisoner's Defence. I was walking through the passage to the bar—I saw a man coming up the cellar stairs—I looked down at his feet, and saw the handkerchief and seal lying there—he walked up stairs—I thought he was after something wrong—I put some things in my jacket and some in my pocket, and went up stairs—I heard somebody halloo out, and ran down, and the landlord collared me—I said, "There is a man up in your room," but he would not listen to what I had to say, nor where I got the things.





WILLIAM ROGERS
. He did not speak to me till I brought him in from the street—when I first saw him, he said, "I have come the wrong road"—he said nothing at any time about a man being up stairs—I did not ask how he came by the things.




GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

