






1404. 
               
                  ANN 
                  MURRAY
               




             and 
               
                  SUSANNAH 
                  FURMERY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of July
, 1 sheet, value 1s.; 1 table-cloth, value 4s.; 1 pinafore, value 1s.; 3 aprons, value 1s. 6d.; 1 towel, value 6d.; the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hunt
                     



                  ; 3 bed-gowns, value 1s.; 3 pinafores, value 6d.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 1s. 6d.; 2 petticoats, value 6d.; one frock, value 1s.; 1 shift, value 1s.; and 3 aprons, value 1s.; the goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Croft
                     



                  ; and, that Ann Murray had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  HENRIETTA 
                  PENDRELL
               



            . I live in Grey's-buildings, Manchester-square


, and keep a mangle - the prisoner Murray had been a lodger of mine, but I had not seen her for nine or ten years - on the 12th of July, she came into my front kitchen - I was in the back kitchen mangling - I did not hear her come down - there were six or seven bundles on the drawers in my front kitchen, and my daughter was there - she spoke to me at the back kitchen door, and said,"Mrs. Pendrell, I should not have known you" - she then walked up stairs - I thought she looked rather bulky - I then missed two bundles, containing this property - both the prisoners came in, but I only knew Murray.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  COKELY
               



            . I am Pendrell's daughter. Murray came to our house between seven and eight o'clock - we had a great many bundles there - I afterwards missed two of them - the other prisoner came with Murray, and stood against the drawers where the bundles were - they remained a few minutes, and then went away - I did not observe any things about them.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you quite sure you saw the other young woman there? Q. Yes; I was in bed in the kitchen at the time - I was awake - I did not see Furmery do any thing - she was against the drawers' but when the door was open, I could not see the drawers - I did not speak to her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PETHEBRIDGE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a shawl, a table-cloth, a pinafore, and an apron, which I took in from Murray on the 12th of July, about eight o'clock in the morning - the other prisoner was with her, but I had no dealings with her.


                  RICHARD 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have three child's bed-gowns and a petticoat, pawned by Murray, on the 12th of July - I did not notice any body with her.


                  ANDREW 
                  JOHNSON
               



             (police-constable D 108). The prisoners were given into my custody - I found two duplicates - one on each of them - and two duplicates were given at the station - in going along, they both went over some gratings, and I looked round, and found this duplicate, at Furmery's heel - I cannot say which dropped it.
Cross-examined. Q. Were they not both on the grating at the same time? A. No; Murray was a little before - perhaps a yard - they had both been on it - I found the other duplicate down the grating.


                  JAMES 
                  CLAPSON
               



             (police-constable D 153). I have two handkerchiefs, and two aprons - I took them off the prisoners.


                  ANN 
                  HUNT
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Hunt - Mrs. Pendrell mangles for me - these articles are mine; and this apron, which was found on Murray.


                  MARY 
                  CROFT
               



            . I am the wife of Edward Croft - I employed Pendrell to mangle - these things are mine, and the apron which was found on Furmery - I lost twenty-six articles - here are only two aprons, and two handkerchiefs.


                  JOHN 
                  LACY
               



            . I produce a certificate of the conviction of Murray, on the 20th of December, in the name of Mary Murray - I know she is the person (read).
Murray's Defence. I was coming from Chelsea, and met this young woman - she had been in the Park all night - she said she was hungry - I told her to come to my mother, and I would give her something - we came to a coffee-stall, and I gave her coffee - she then asked me if I could take her backwards - I took her to Mrs. Pendrell's - she stood near the drawers, but I did not know that she had stolen any thing - when we came out, I saw her running with these two bundles - I came up to her, and said it was a person I knew very well, and it was a pity she took them; but I pawned them, and one is as bad as the other.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WINCHAPLE
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker, and live in Drury-lane - I knew Furmery from her childhood - she had a good character - I will take her into my service.
MURRAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FURMERY - 


               GUILTY. Aged 16. - Recommended to mercy by the Jury, believing her to have been the dupe of Murray
            . - 


               Confined Six Days
            .
