







1329. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     PROPSTRING
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     JAMES
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  EAMES
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of June
, 2 live tame geese, price 6s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Willey
                  




               
            .
MARY WILLEY. I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Willey
               



             - we live at Hadley, Middlesex


, not far from Barnet. On the 16th of June we turned out twenty-seven geese to feed on the common - a lad came and told me some men had taken some away; I went and missed two, which I have never seen since - this was on Wednesday, between two and three o'clock; I knew Propstring very well - his father has been constable of Barnet, and James lived on Barnet-common as a sweep
; I do not know the other - they had a dog, and I believe Propstring kept it.


                  JAMES 
                  BEAL
               



            . I shall be eleven years old on the 5th of next month; I live with my father and mother. I remember that Wednesday; I saw the prisoners that day, between twelve and one o'clock, on Hadley-common - Propstring spoke to me, and asked where I was going - I said birds'nesting; I knew James by sight - Propstring and Eames were lying down, and James was getting some geese together with a brown dog; I did not know whose dog it was - I hid myself behind a bush - I saw Propstring catch a goose, and put it into a bag; they were all helping to catch them - Propstring caught one, and put it into a bag; James caught another, and put it into another bag - I kept snug behind the bush - they did not see me; Propstring took one bag away and James another - I then came out of the bush and counted the geese - I found twenty-five, young and old; I went and told Mr. Willey.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I know Hadley-common; on that Wednesday I saw the three prisoners together about eleven o'clock - they went through the gate at that time, and so did I; I did not see any bag.


                  ROBERT 
                  BEAL
               



            . On the Wednesday in question, the prosecutrix came to tell me she should want me the next morning to go and take the prisoners, which I did on the 17th of June, which was Thursday.
Propstring's Defence. At eleven o'clock James and I were in bed together; I had taken physic, and was not well.
James' Defence. We were walking to see if we could get any employ; I was not out of the road, and saw no geese.
Eames' Defence. The child has quite mistaken the persons; I was not out of the road at all.
PROPSTRING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
JAMES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
EAMES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
