





Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
1487. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PAMPHILLON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Thorp
                        




                     
                  , on the 4th of September
, at St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, and stealing therein 1 watch, value 10s.; 2 jackets, value 8s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 4s.; 2 pair of stockings, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of boots, value 7s.; 3 shirts, value 4s.; 1 seal-skin cap, value 3s.; 4 books, value 2s.; 1 box, value 2s.; 2 night-caps, value 6d.; 1 half-crown, 1 shilling, and 2 sixpences, his goods and monies
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  THORP
               



            . I live at No. 8, Chapman's-gardens, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green


 - the prisoner's father lives next door to me. On Thursday, the 4th of September, I went out about nine o'clock in the morning - I left nobody in the house - I returned between three and four o'clock, and in about half an hour I went into my bed-room and missed my box, containing the articles stated in the indictment (enumerating them) - the house was entered at the front by a key - I had left my key with my son - he was not at home - the key of the next house will unlock my door - a person belonging to the next house could open my door with their key - on the Monday following I found some of the things.


                  SARAH 
                  EGGLETON
               



            . I live near the prosecutor, at the back of his cottage - I can see the top of his house from my house. On Saturday evening, the 6th of September, as I was sitting in my kitchen, I saw the prisoner on the tiles of his father's cottage, with a light in his hand - I saw him remove three or four tiles, and enter under the rafters - he was there about a quarter of an hour - he then raised himself above the tiles, and put out the light - I saw no more then - on Monday evening, I was at work in the kitchen, about seven o'clock, and hearing a rattling under the tiling, I opened the door, and saw the prisoner on the tiles of hisfather's cottage with a bundle, throwing it down into his father's yard - I said, "You young dog, I suppose the things you have thrown into the yard, are what you were looking at under the tiles, on Saturday evening?" - he said,"No, ma'am, they are not" - he then returned to the hole where the tiles were opened, and picked up two or three more parcels - one was a white one - he threw them down into the yard - I went and gave information, and he was taken directly - I saw a Bible and spelling-book taken from under the tiling, where I had seen him enter on the Saturday evening - he lived in his father's house, next door to Thorp - on the Tuesday morning, I found a piece of wood at the back of the premises, and gave it to the police-officer.


                  HENRY 
                  THORP
               



            . I am the son of Joseph Thorp. Directly I came home on Monday night, about seven o'clock, my father said he heard something about where the box was hid - I concealed myself behind the chimney pot, and saw the prisoner remove three or four tiles - I came down and called the policeman, who came and took him into custody - I went down the hole he came out of, and took out a Bible and two spelling-books from under the tiles of his father's house.


                  JAMES 
                  KING
               



            . I am a policeman. Thorp fetched me, and I saw the prisoner on the tiles making his escape into another yard - I pursued and caught him in the adjoining yard, and took him into custody - the books were given to me by 
               
                  Henry 
                  Thorp
               



            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  THORP
               



             re-examined. These books are mine - this piece of wood is part of my box - the books were in my box when it was taken - the prisoner's father is a shoemaker.
(
               
                  Henry 
                  Bates
               



            , 2, Chapman-gardens, Seabright-street, Hackney-road; 
               
                  Louisa 
                  Goodluck
               



            ; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Pamphillion
               



            , the prisoner's aunt; 
               
                  Richard 
                  Calcot
               



            , shoemaker; John Shrewsbury, jeweller; and 
               
                  James 
                  Calcot
               



            , gave the prisoner a good character.)
GUILTY. Aged 12. - 


               Recommended to mercy
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
