





1542. 
               
                  
                     PHEBE 
                     M'QUEEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of September
, 1 purse, value 2d.; 1 ring, value 5s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 watch, value 50s.; 6 sovereigns, and 1 half-crown, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Sims
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN SIMS. I am steward of the Henrietta, a Southseaman
. On the 21st of September, about a quarter-past eleven o'clock, I was on shore; I was quite sober, but was taken with a violent retching as I was coming along the street - the prisoner came to me, and offered her services; I told her I was going home to Deptford; she asked me if I would go with her; I said if she had a place where I could sit down for an hour I would; she said she had, and she took me to some house - I can swear I went for no improper purpose - I asked her when I got there to get me some brandy, which she did, and I paid for it - she then said she wanted some supper, and I gave her money to get some, but I did not take any of it- she then persuaded me to go to bed, which I did - I took out my watch, and put it under the pillow; my money and the ring were in my purse in my trousers' pocket, which I laid in the chair by the bed-side - I fell fast asleep directly; I suppose I slept an hour, when the policeman came and awoke me, and asked if I had lost anything; I then missed my money and watch - the prisoner was then gone - she is the same person.


                  SAMUEL 
                  TAYLOR
               



             (police-constable). I know the house at which this happened; I was on duty just by, and about half-past one o'clock, I saw the prisoner run out of the court in a hurry, she seemed to be putting on her bonnet and shawl; I asked what she was going for, she said to fetch some gin - I saw her put her hand to her bosom; I drew it out again, and took this purse from it; I took her to the station-house - in going along she took these two handkerchiefs from her bosom; I then put my hand to the back of her neck, and found this watch there - I then went back to her house, and found the prosecutor locked in the room.
Prisoner. We went to a public-house and had some rum and shrub, and he gave me two sixpences to pay for it.
JOHN SIMS. We did not go to any public-house,



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
