





164. 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     MANNING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, no the 13th of August
, 1 earthen jar, value 4d.; 36 pence, and 84 halfpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Leonard 
                           Wass
                        




.


                  ANN 
                  WASS
               



            . My brother, Leonard Wass, keeps a chandler's-shop
 in Wentworth-street


. On the 13th of August five men came into the shop, and had some beef and bread - I served them; the prisoner was one - they were all in company; they began to be rather noisy, and my brother turned them out - I had a jar standing on the counter, it contained thirty-six penny pieces, and eighty-four halfpence; when the prisoner was gone this jar was missing - three of the men have been apprehended and convicted; I knew the prisoner before.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. He came to buy some meat? A. Yes, and he paid for it; they did not run away - they were turned out.


                  ANN 
                  SHEEN
               



            . I live next door to the prosecutor. On the evening of the 13th of August I saw the five persons together, and watched them for half an hour; they went into the shop, and tried to throw the jar and some papers down - I watched them out, and saw the prisoner and his brother go into a little alley; Mr. Wass then went to have a pint of beer, and one of those who were before tried, got the jar, and gave it to another, who ran off - the prisoner said to me, "If you say a word about my brother I will kick the front of your head in;" I ran and called the Police; the prisoner was not taken till now.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not see the prisoner eating his meat quietly at the door? A. No, he came to his brother when I charged his brother with this; I am a housekeeper - my husband is a wheeler; I get my living by hard-work.

JOHN GREEN (Police-constable H 97). I was in a coffee-shop in Houndsditch; the prisoner came in - he looked at me, and went out again; I followed, and took him - I had been looking for him, but could not find him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
