



244. 




JOHN BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of December, 1 coat, value 2l., the goods of Cornwallis Maude Viscount Hawarden.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 



Henry Crane.—3rd COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 



Samuel Roberts, and another.






CHARLES ROSSITER
. I am a policeman. On the 4th of December, about six o'clock in the evening, I was on duty in Tottenham-court-road, and received information that a coat had been stolen from a gig—in less than a quarter of an hour I met the prisoner coming down Tottenham-court-road, with this coat on his shoulder—I stopped him, and asked what it was—he said it was his own—I asked where he got it—he said he had bought it, about six weeks ago, of a gentleman's servant in Lisson grove—I took him back to where the gig stood, and it proved not to be the coat that was stolen from there—I however took him to the station-house, and on the way he said he had bought the coat with a blue one, which he had sold to another man—I asked if he could tell me who the man was he sold it to—he said he could not—I asked him what he had been doing himself—he said driving a cab—he could not tell me who for, nor refer me to any one who had seen him with the coat—I cut a button off the coat, and found out the button-maker, who told me whose crest was on it, and the footman came afterwards to identify it.





HENRY CRANE
. I am coachman to Lord Hawarden. I know this coat, it belongs to his lordship, and was in my custody—I lost in from Samuel Robert's livery-yard, at the top of Oxford-street—he has a partner—the last day I used it was on the 3rd of December, at five o'clock—I left it on the seat-cloth of the carriage, and missed it on the morning of the 5th. I know nothing of the prisoner.

Prisoner's Defence. I bought the coat of a man in livery, with another, on Saturday evening—he said he was out of place—I sold the blue coat to another coachman—I drive a cab for one Nicholson.




GUILTY
.* Aged 37.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Littledale.

