



1741. 




MARY JACKSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
7th of April, at 
St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, 1 milk pot, value 1l.; 2 spoons, value 14s.; 1 ring, value 3l.; 1 gown, value 2l.; 1 shawl, value 2l;1 boa value 5s.; 2 petticoats, value 2s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 4s.; 1 veil, value 7s.; 1 cloak, value 8s.; 11 sovereigns, and 1 half-sovereign; the goods and monies of 



Sarah M'Clellan, in her dwelling-house.






SARAH M'CLELLAN
. I am a widow, and now live in Sebly-street Waterloo-town, but at the time this happened I kept a house in Colling wood-street, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green. I was landlady of that house and lived there—the prisoner took a furnished lodging of me and lodged there seven or eight weeks—she left without notice on the 7th of April—I expected her home, and sat up until a quarter-past two o'clock for her—I do not know how she got her living—she was living with a man of the name of Garratt, and went by that name—I missed my cloak that day, and the other property stated on the Tuesday following—I lost eleven sovereigns and-a-half in gold, and the other property was worth about 10l.—the money was locked in a box, which was locked in a drawer—one petticoat of mine was found on her, and the remnants of a silk dress

have been found—these are thern—this cloak and this bio are mine, and were amongst the things I lest;—money, the plate. the ring, and the about things we lost entirely—the frrope'rfy was locked in a drawer—no one could have taken it but the prisoner.





ANN THORNTON
. The prisoner came to my house, in Elizabeth-place, bigrow the 7th of April, she was a stranger to me—she came to inquir for a person of the name of Lee—I said she lodged there, but was not at home—she said, would I let her leave a bandle—I said, "Yes," the put it on the bed, and said she would call again—She came back, his Mrs. Lee was sent for—they went up stairs together—I went up stairs same time after, and saw the prisoer putting on a silk dress—I said it the too large for her—she put on a ring, a shawl, a black veil, a boa, and ✗ clock over it—she put on a pair of white silk stockings, rather dirty—she said the had got some of the things out of pawn, and the gown she had made too large in a hurry, and she must alter it.





JANE COOK
. I was at work at Mrs. Thornton's, the prisoner came shere and inquired for Mrs. Lee—I said I would fetch Mrs. Lee, which I did—he and the prisoner went up stairs—they called me up—the prisoner asked me to go and buy a little trunk—I went, came back, and told her at would be 4s. 6d.—she pulled out some money, and gave me a halfsoverign—I went and got the trunk—I gave her the change—she then sold me to go and fetch a cab which opened behind, which I did—she took her trunk, and went away in the cab.





EVVZA MATTHEWS
. I am eleven years old. I Iive with my father, in Henry-street, Limehouse-fields—the prisoner came to our house, and sent me to pawn this cloak at Mr. Hawkins for 4s., which I did—I gave her the money and the duplicate—this is the cloak—(looking at it)





JOHN BRIGGERS
. I am in the service of Mr. Hawkins, the pawnbroker. I wrote the duplicate of this cloak, which was found at the prisoner's lodgings.





HENEY PARKER
 (police-sergeant K 10.) From information, I went on sunday week last to No. 6, Henry-street, and found the prisoner there—I found this trunk which was bought by the witness Cook—I asked the prisoner if it was hers—she said, "Yes"—I opened it, and found this part of a silk dress—the prisoner said it belonged to her—I found another little wort-box, which the prisoner sard Was hers, and in it I found this duplicate of the cloak—I went again the next morning, and under her bed I found this boa.

Prisoener's Defene. I was in Mrs. M'Cleflan's house nine of ten weeks, and used to do for her, and mind her little boy—she brought the cloak to me that morning, and said it was for my use—I do not think she had any silt stockings, but one pair, Which I made her out of a pair of gentleman's silk stockings.




GUILTY
. Aged 30; 


Transported for Fifteen Years.
