





1606. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the counting-house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry James 
                           Brooke
                        




                     
                  , on the 4th of September
, and stealing therein 12 yards of woollen-cloth, value 20s., his property
            .


                  JAMES 
                  MACKLAUGHLIN
               



            . I am messenger and office-keeper to Mr. Henry James Brooke, at No. 9, King's Arms-yard, in the parish of St. Stephen, Coleman-street


. On Saturday, the 4th of September, at four o'clock, I locked the counting-house door, and when I went back on the Monday I missed a piece of cloth, containing twelve yards, worth 20s.; it did not appear that the counting-house had been broken - it had been entered with a key: I know nothing of the prisoner - I saw the cloth at the Mansion-house, and knew it to be Mr. Brooke's, and it was there that Saturday evening; it has a number in my figures on it, which I can swear to; it had been on the table for the last six years - it is an old thing, and has been lying by.
Prisoner. Q. What number of rooms are there in the counting-house? A. Two rooms in one; there are two doors - I am certain both doors were locked when I went away; I suppose the entrance was made from the second door - the Peruvian Mining Company belong to those premises; Mr. Brooke is their managing director: I do not know who pays the rent - this cloth was Mr. Brooke's private property.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 4th of September I was coming through Little Bell-alley, and saw the prisoner with this bag under his arm; he walked into the Shepherd and Flock public-house - I went in after him; he walked through into the water-closet - I opened the door, and said, "What are you doing here?" he said,"Nothing particular;" I said, "This is a piece of cloth;" he said, "It is a piece I bought;" it was then between four and five o'clock in the afternoon - I took him, and found two keys on him, but they do not fit the doors.
Prisoner. Q. Do you consider them picklock-keys? A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. One of them is the key of my door, and the other a latch-key. I lodged at Mr. Hinton's, in Gray-street - on the 3rd of August, when I went home at night, I found an execution in my house; the broker said my goods were the best, and he did not choose to take rubbish - I was compelled to pay 2l. 5s. 6d.: here is the warrant and the receipt - I thought it better to get out of the house, and he agreed to let me retain a part of his furniture, to indemnify me; I have been in the habit of buying many duplicates, having formerly been a pawnbroker- I bought this coat of him which I have on my back; on Saturday, the 4th of September, he came to me, and wanted me to buy a duplicate of cloth - I went to Mr. Purse's, and looked at it, but did not like it; he told me to go to this public-house, and he would fetch a piece of cloth; I waited there till ten minutes or a quarter-past four o'clock - he then came and brought it; I did not like it, but I bought it at last for 2s. 6d. a yard; I have persons to prove where Hinton did live, but he has removed, and I cannot produce him - I am actually paying 7s. 6d. in the pound for debts contracted twenty years ago, and I shall have a considerable balance in the hands of the Accountant General.
JAMES MACKLAUGHLIN re-examined. Q. How lately before you locked the door had you seen the parcel? A. Perhaps half an hour; it was on a table by the fire-place; it was in Mr. Brooke's own counting-house.


                  ANN 
                  JEFFRIES
               



            . I live at No. 12, Back Church-lane, Whitechapel. On the 5th of August a man and his wife, named Hinton, came to lodge at my house, and staid till the 7th of September; on that day a woman named Stevens, and another man and woman, came and inquired for Hinton;they saw him, and had a great many words - I heard Hinton say, "I tell you I have a bill and receipt for it, which I can fetch;" he then came out, went through the house, and I never saw him since - he was frequently let in at very unseasonable hours, on which account I begged him to remove; his wife left the day after.
JOHN FORRESTER re-examined. Q. What did the prisoner say? A. He said he bought it of a person, and he would explain it before the Lord Mayor, but I did not hear him do so.
Prisoner. I was not allowed; the Lord Mayor would not hear the case - on the second examination I attempted to speak, and the Lord Mayor said, "You can tell that another time - it must go before a Jury."
JOHN FORRESTER. I believe he did.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 48. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
