



1807. 




ALFRED CARTER
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




George Bull, on the 
4th of June, at 
St. Dunstan's, Stebonheath, alias Stepney,
 and stealing therein, 1 table-cloth, value 9d.; 1 blanket, value 1s.; 1 yard of cotton cloth, value 6d.; 3 towels, value 6d.; 3 pudding-cloths, value 3d.; and 3 pence; his goods and monies.






MARY ANN BULL
. I am the wife of George Bull, a tailor, in White Horse-lane, Stepney. I and my husband left our house on the evening of the 4th of June, as near half-past eight o'clock as possible—I returned about twenty minutes to twelve o'clock—we left every part of the house fast and secure—I found the street door as we had left it—I got a light, and as soon as my husband entered the kitchen I found a pane of glass broken, and the sash taken out of the kitchen window—the kitchen door had been fastened, and bolted top and bottom, when we left—I found it wide open, and a table-cloth, an ironing blanket, and a yard of cloth, were gone, and some towels out of the dresser-drawer in the kitchen—(looking at the property)—I missed all these articles, and three penny-pieces, off the mantel-piece.





JOSEPH RADFORD
. I live in John's-court, White Horse-lane, Stepney. About a quarter past nine o'clock in the evening, on the 4th of June, I was in Ben Jonson's-fields, near Mr. Bull's house, and saw the prisoner come by with these things—I had seen him before—he had a bundle under his arm—nobody was with him—he went down the Rope-walk—an officer came, and I gave information—I went with the officer, and saw the prisoner throw the bundle on one side—the officer took—It up—it was all undone when he threw it down, and these things came out—this wrapper is what he carried.





THOMAS PARKER GREATREX
. I was in Ben Jonson's-fields with Radford and others, and saw the prisoner go by, with a bundle of clothes under his arm—he went up the Rope-walk—it was about a quarter past nine o'clock—I am sure I saw him.





CHARLES HENRY MOCKETT
 (police-constable K 87.) About a quarter past nine o'clock I received information from Greatrex, as I was turning down the Rope-walk—I ran after the prisoner, who threw the bundle from under his arm—I took it up, and secured him—these are the articles which were in it—I found three penny pieces in his hand.

Prisoner's Defence. I went down Stepney Fair-fields, to see a young man—I was coming back, with three penny-pieces in my hand—I happened to shake them in my hand, and the policeman came and said, "I want you;" but as to having the bundle, I never saw it till the policeman produced it at the station-house.
(Elizabeth Ray, Bridge-street, Mile End-road; and James Bennett, cabinet-maker, Bridge-street, Mile End-road; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.* Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.
