





753. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of the Rev.


                           William 
                           Johnson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
THE REV. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHNSON
               



             I live in Baldwin's-gardens. On Sunday, the 11th of April, a little before six o'clock in the evening, I was in the Poultry


, near the Mansion-house, and received information that my handkerchief was taken; it was safe a few minutes before - I attempted to pursue the prisoner, who was pointed out to me; I fell down, and in rising saw a person had stopped him - I am certain he is the person who was pointed out; I took him to the Mansion-house, and in his right hand breeches pocket the officer found my handkerchief - I had a great coat on, and it was in my under coat pocket; the flap must have been lifted up to get it - I saw another person, about his own age, running away; they both passed me, one calling to the other, "Come on Tom."


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I live at Mr. Debatt's, the pastrycook, near the Mansion-house. I was looking out of the door - I saw the prosecutor go by; the prisoner and another were behind him, in the act of taking the handkerchief out of his pocket - the prisoner held up the tail of his great coat, while the other took the handkerchief from the other coat pocket; I ran out and told the prosecutor - I pursued the prisoner; - he was stopped by another person; I am certain of him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ROME
               



            . I am a constable. I received the prisoner in custody, and found the handkerchief in his right hand breeches pocket.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going up Cheapside; a lady slipped down - I turned round, and a boy gave me this handkerchief; I put it into my pocket - I did not know it was stolen.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
