





716. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PHILLIPS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of March
, 6 pair of shoes, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Mark 
                  Mountain
               




            .



                  MARTHA 
                  PETIT
               



            . I live with my father Mark Mountain - he is a shoemaker
, and lives at Stepney


 - he had some shoes in his shop on the 27th of March, behind the counter - I had seen them safe ten minutes before I received information from Rumbell - I then missed six pair - I had not seen the prisoner about the shop that day, but I had seen him about the shop a fortnight before, when a gentleman came and told me something, and I noticed the prisoner, and know him again - I saw him going by on the Saturday afterwards - I brought him into the shop, and called for an officer - I asked the prisoner if he had taken the shoes - he denied it then, but at Lambeth-street he said he had sold one pair in the lane for 2s. 6d.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  RUMBELL
               



            . I live opposite the prosecutor's shop. On the 27th of March I was cleaning my mistress's window - I saw the prisoner and another boy against the Jew's Hospital gate - they stood there about five minutes- they then went past the prosecutor's window, and came back again - the other boy then left the prisoner and went and stood against a butcher's shop - the prisoner went and stood against the prosecutor's door for two or three minutes - he then went in and went round the counter - he came out with his apron full of something, and went up White Horse-lane.
MARK MOUNTAIN. I keep the shop, but I was then confined to my bed - I lost the shoes mentioned in the indictment.
MARTHA PETIT. The prisoner told me he had sold one pair for half-a-crown, and he had confessed it to his aunt first - I made him no promise.
JURY. Q. Had he ever been at your shop as a customer? A. No.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 10. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
