





1803. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HURLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of July
, 1 pair of trousers, value 3s.; 1 waistcoat, value 4s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 1s. 6d.; 1 hat, value 6d., and part of a music-book, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Burgess
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BURGESS
               



            . I live at the Castle public-house, Child's-hill. I was at the Eyre Arms


, at ten o'clock at night on the 18th of July; I had a bundle with me, containing the articles stated, and two pieces of a flute - they were all tied in a cotton handkerchief: I had my bundle on my arm, and fell asleep - a girl awoke me, and told me I had lost my bundle; I went into the road, and met the prisoner, who asked if I had lost my bundle; I said I had- he said the soldier had gone to the Duke of York public-house, with a bundle, and if I went there I might get it - I went, but could not find it; I went back, and met the prisoner again, with the bundle - he said he had been down, stopped the soldier and a man named Charley, and got it from them.


                  RICHARD 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am a private in the Grenadier Guards, and am quartered at the Eyre Arms. I was with the prosecutor, and when I went to bed he had his bundle- I left the prisoner sitting at the same table with him; I was afterwards called by the serjeant.


                  JOHN 
                  WOODS
               



             (Police-constable S 103.) I was on duty near the Eyre Arms on the 17th of July - the prosecutor told me what he had lost; I went with him to Portland-town - on our return we met the prisoner, who gave up this bundle to me; he said he stopped a soldier, and a man named Charley at St. John's-wood chapel with it.


                  CHARLES 
                  MAYES
               



            . I am called Charley. I was at the Eyre Arms; I saw the prosecutor come in with his bundle about ten o'clock in the evening - there was no soldier there but Mitchell; I left the prisoner and prosecutor there when I went away. (Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was at the Eyre Arms, and saw the prosecutor - he went to sleep, and in about five minutes I saw the soldier and the other man take the bundle out; I thought all was not right - I went out, and saw them going towards Portland-town; I returned, and told the prosecutor - we went down towards Portland-town, but not seeing them, he left me for about ten minutes - I then met the men, and told them the prosecutor wanted his bundle and they gave it to me.


                  JOHN 
                  BURGESS
               



             re-examined. Q. Did the prisoner go with you? A. He went with me part of the way, and then left me - I told the Policeman, who went on with me and as we came back we met the prisoner coming towards us.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
