



1243. 




WILLIAM FARRELL
 was indicted

 for receiving, on the 
13th of April, of an evil-disposed person, 1 pewter pot, value 1s. 8d., the goods of 



James Mason, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.







THOMAS HARRIS
. I am a fancy pearl-cutter, and live in Church-lane, Bloomsbury. On the evening of Friday, the 13th of April, my brother-in-law came to sup with me—we had some beer brought from Mr. Mason's, the Robin Hood public-house—it came in a can, and an empty quart pot with it—I believe Mr. Mason's name was on the pot, but I did not look—my brother left me about ten o'clock at night—I missed the quart pot about twelve o'clock the next morning—I had reason to believe my brother-in-law took it away—I sent for him—he told me something about it, and in consequence of that, he took me to the prisoner's, which is in Church-street, I believe—when I went to the prisoner's place, I knocked at the door—I had my brother-in-law alongside of me—the prisoner said, "Come in"—I went in, and he was sitting by the fire—I asked him whether he had bought a quart pot of this boy, showing him my brother-in-law—he denied it—I asked him again, and the boy spoke up, and said, "You did buy it"—I offered the prisoner the 4d. which the boy said he gave him, and then he said he had bought it, but he had taken it home to the landlord's, and put it into the passage—I requested him to go with me to Mr. Mason's, and we all three went together; and I asked Mr. Mason whether the prisoner had brought a quart pot home to him—he said he had not—the prisoner then said he left it in the passage, and then he said he did not, but if Mr. Mason would let him go home, he would get it—Mr. Mason said be would give him the 4d. out of his pocket if he would give him his pot, and he would go with him and get it—the prisoner said he could not get it without he went by himself—he was then given into custody.





FRANCIS BANKS
. I was supping with my brother-in-law that night—I saw this quart pot and took it to the prisoner—I had not known him till he had come and spoke to me for two or three days, and then I took this pot to him—he gave me fourpence for it—I told my brother-in-law of it.

Prisoner. You asked if I wanted to buy it, and I said, "No," and you said you had not enough to pay for your lodging, and I gave you ten half-pence for it. Witness. No—you only gave me fourpence.





JAMES MASON
. I am landlord of the Robin Hood. I remember the can of beer and the quart pot going to Harris's house—I believe the pot had the name of Boyle on it—I have never seen it since—the two witnesses and the prisoner came to me on the Monday morning—the prisoner requested me to let him go alone, and I would not—I offered to send any man in the room with him, or to go myself, and he would not—I then gave charge of him.




GUILTY
.* Aged 39.—


Transported for Seven Years.
