





635. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  LOCK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of March
, 6 live tame rabbits, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Willcock
               




            .
WILLIAM WILLCOCK. I have a stable in Wilmington-street


, which was broken open on the 14th of March, and I lost a saddle, a whip, two bridles, and six live tame rabbits - I had seen the rabbits safe about ten minutes before eight o'clock: and about a quarter before nine o'clock, a deaf and dumb man came and made me understand that something was wrong - I ran with the policeman and found the door broken open, and missed the property - here is one of the rabbits - the prisoner had been working opposite my stable for two or three days.


                  JOHN 
                  HULL
               



             (police-constable G 220). I found this rabbit in Hazle's place, in Taylor's house.


                  MARTHA 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I live in Robin Hood-court, Shoe-lane. I was working at the Robin Hood public-house - the prisoner came and asked me to take care of this rabbit for him - I said, if he would sell it, I would buy it of him- he said, no, it was to be raffled for - I let it run about the public-house for two days, and then took it home.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought it in Holborn - Hazle came off the rank, and had a drop of gin with the man I bought it of - Hazle then told me to take it to his place, which I did - he said he would get it raffled for me, as he could get more members than I could.


                  GEORGE 
                  HAZLE
               



            . I drive a cab. I was on the rank in Holborn, and the prisoner said he had bought this rabbit, and could I raffle it for him, to get him a little money as a deposit for a situation - I said I would try - I took it home to my place.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
