





451. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     LEARY
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 5th of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Taylor
                        




                     
                  , from his person; and that he had before been convicted of felony
            .


                  JOHN 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I live in Bedford-row, and am an engineer
. On the 5th of February, about half-past ten o'clock at night, I was in Holborn


, between Furnival's Inn and Hatton-garden - I felt a slight touch at my coat; I instantly put my hand to my pocket, and my handkerchief was gone; I turned round, and saw three boy
s together - the prisoner was one of them; he was about three yards from me - I observed the prisoner attempting to lay hold of something, and took hold of him; I charged him with the theft, which he denied - I found my handkerchief concealed under his jacket; I have not a doubt of its being mine - he merely asked what I meddled with him for; the other two ran away - I gave him in charge: I am quite sure the prisoner took the handkerchief from me.


                  JAMES 
                  GRAY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I received the prisoner in charge - I found nothing on him; he said another boy threw the handkerchief on him.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOSEPH 
                  BANES
               



            . I was a constable. I was present in April last when the prisoner was tried here and convicted - I have a certificate of his conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office - (read); the prisoner is the person - I heard the verdict given.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
