





1643. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     TWIGG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of June
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 seal, value 10s., and 1 watch-key, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Burn
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BURN
               



            . I am a gas-worker
, and live at Kennington. On the 9th of June I was going home, along Bishopsgate-street - I met a person, who is not in custody, she took me to a house in Bear-yard, Petticoat-lane


, and asked for something to drink - a little girl got a pot of beer, and brought me the change; I was then coming out, but the other person caught hold of my arm, and the prisoner pulled me into a back room - the other person then pulled me about, but the prisoner had left the room then; I did not lose any thing while the prisoner was in the room, it was three or four minutes after I lost my watch, seal, and key - I was in pursuit of the other girl with the property, and should have caught her, but the prisoner was in the passage, and got between her and me, and prevented me.
JURY. Q. Were you tipsy? A. No; I had been drinking some rum-and-water.
Prisoner's Defence. This man came with a woman to my house, and begged I would send for something to drink - they got a pot of beer; I then said it was no use to sit there, they must go into the next room - I never left my chair till I heard our door bang; I went out - the prosecutor was coming out of the room, and said he had lost his watch - I said, "Good God! which way is the woman gone?" I ran out, but could not see her.


                  RICHARD 
                  JAMES
               



             PONMAN (Police-constable H 181). I took the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 44. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
