






640. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWIN 
                     VINCENT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of February
, 1 live pig, price 15s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Brumbridge
                  




               
            .
THOMAS 


               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  GEORGE 
                  BOWLEY
               



            . I am a labourer, and live near New Brentford. On Tuesday, the 16th of February, I was at the door of the Magpie and Stump, at New Brentford-Vincent came and asked me if I wanted to buy a bargain; I asked what it was - he said he did not rightly know, but he thought it was a swine - I asked where it was; he said a man belonged to it up the market; I asked if I could see the man - he said he did not think I could then, butat nine o'clock in the evening, if I would meet him there, he would take me to the man - I went at that time, and Vincent came and said the man was over at the market place - I went with him to the Butts public-house, close behind the market, and saw Thomas whom I knew before; I asked Thomas what he had in the sack - he said a pig; I asked what he wanted for it - he said 12s. - I said,"Let me put my hand into the sack, and feel if it is a pig;" he said, "Weight it first, and then you may put your hand and feel;" I did so, and then I said, "Now tell me the truth where you got this pig;" he said, "The whole truth of it is, I got it from a farm close against Feltham church-yard;" I did not know the farm at that time, but I have been there since - I said to him, "Bring the pig along then down to my house," and they both brought it; I locked them both in my room and bolted the door, but as there was only my wife in the house, I did not like to leave them there, so I said "I have not the money in the house, but if you will leave the pig, and go and get a pot of beer, I will come and pay you for it; but mind, I shall only give you 10s. for it;" they went - I told my wife to lock and bolt the door, and keep the pig inside; I went, and got the officer - we went, and took the prisoners at the public-house; the next morning I went to Feltham, and at last found Mr. Brumbridge - he came, and owned the pig.
COURT. Q. When you were bargaining about the pig, did Vincent say any thing? A. No; he only stood by.


                  GEORGE 
                  BARTHOLOMEW BRUMBRIDGE
               



            . I am the son of Henry Brumbridge - he has a farm
 adjoining the church-yard, at Feltham


; he keeps pigs. On the 15th of February we had about forty of them of different sorts - there were eight, which were very rough; in consequence of what the witness said, I looked, and missed one of the eight rough ones - I went to Brentford, saw it there, and knew it to be my father's.


                  JOHN 
                  BURNHAM
               



            . I know the pig to be one of the eight rough ones belonging to Mr. Brumbridge, my master.
Vincent's Defence. All I have to say is I saw Thomas with the pig in the market - he asked me if I knew any one who wanted to buy a pig; I said I did not; but I went, saw Bowley, and asked if he knew any one who wanted to buy a bargain - he said what was it; I said I did not exactly know, but I would bring the man at nine o'clock - I brought Thomas, then went and told Bowley, the man was come with the pig - we went to the Butts; Bowley said, "Let me put my hand into the sack, and feel the pig;" he then said, "Bring it to my house;" we took it there, and turned it out - he then said, "Go, and get a pot of beer, and I will give you 10s. for it;" we went, had one pot, and called for another, when we were taken.
VINCENT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
