






NEW COURT. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11.
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1941. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     REARDON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of July
, 1 half-sovereign
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Poland
                  




               
            .
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution.


                  ANGELINA 
                  WILCOX
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Peter Poland. On the 12th of July I was at the back of his shop, No. 351, in the Strand


, between the hours of twelve and one o'clock - I had counted the money in the till about two hours before; there were eight half-sovereigns and some other money - no other person had been to the till; I saw Reardon come to the door, he appeared to be looking about - he then came into the shop, and asked for a situation; I said I did not know of one - he came about half way into the shop, and I answered him as I sat down - a woman then came into the shop; I got up to answer her, and found Phillips in the shop, with his hand in the till - that was a few minutes after Reardon had asked for a situation: I did not see Reardon when Phillips was at the till - I asked Phillips to give me the money he had taken from the till; he said he had none; I asked him again - he said he had not, and walked out; the officer took him, and took a half-sovereign from his hand.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you not at first say you had lost three half-sovereigns? A. Yes, but I afterwards recollected I had given out two at the time I counted the money; there had been ten, before I gave out the two, and I left eight - there had been no customers in - the till was not locked; there was another person there who attended to the shop, but she had not been to the till - Phillips was laying across the counter, and I saw his hand in the till.


                  JOHN 
                  KENT
               



             (Police-constable C 171). I was in the Strand, and observed the two prisoners on the other side of the way, not far from Mr. Warren's; I followed them - they were in company; they went, I suppose, into twenty different shops, and when they came out, I or my brother officer went and inquired what they had been for; when they came to Mr. Poland's, I saw Phillips go in, and Reardon stood at the window, and make several motions with his head and his fingers; Phillips then came out, and Reardon went in - he then came out, and went a little way off; a woman then went in, and we crossed - Phillips was just coming out, and Stone took him - I went and took Reardon, who was then running.
GEORGE STONE. I was with Kent, and saw Phillips go into the shop - Reardon waited outside, and made motions to him; then Reardon went in, and came out again - a woman then went in; Phillips came out - I stopped him, and found a half-sovereign in his right hand.
Cross-examined. Q. I believe you caught Phillips by the throat? A. No; we were both in plain clothes.
Phillips' Defence. The young lady said she missed three half-sovereigns, and the officer seized my throat, put his fingers into my mouth, and nearly strangled me.
Reardon's Defence. I went to get a situation, and when I came out, the officer took me.
PHILLIPS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
REARDON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
