





766. 
               
                  
                     MARTIN ALFRED 
                     LINDSEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April
, 3 sovereigns
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Denham
                  




               
            .
THOMAS DENHAM. I live at No. 189, Regent-street


. On the 12th of April I went to my cash-drawer and took out two £5 notes and four sovereigns to pay my bookbinder - I left fifteen sovereigns in my drawer - I came into the parlour with the two £5 notes, and four sovereigns in my hand, and placed them on the table - I observed the prisoner in the shop - the parlour door was partly open - he saw me, and said, "Oh, Mr. Denham" - he then came into the parlour, and said, "I beg pardon, but have you a sovereign of this coinage, as we have a fellow who is passing gilt sixpences for half-sovereigns, and we suspect he is passing gilt shillings for sovereigns" - I said, "There are four sovereigns on the table, are any of them the coinage you want?" - he turned them over, and said, "No, there is not one, will you look in your cash-box?" - I said, "There is none is the cash-box, but there are some in my drawer" - I then opened the drawer - he clapped his finger down on the money, and said, "Here is one," and went out - I pursued and overtook him, and brought him back - I gave him in charge of the policeman, who took him into the parlour to search him - I went to my drawer to see how many sovereigns I had lost, and I found but twelve - I am certain there had been fifteen before - I then returned to the parlour, and the officer had got his coat and waistcoat off - the prisoner said, "Do you mean to say I have robbed you?" I said, "Most unquestionably you have, and well you know it" - he then said, "I am a lost man," and taking up a pair of scissors he made an incision in his neck - he said, "I forgive you," and down he fell - he was taken to the office, and he then said, "I have robbed many a man in my time, but I did not rob Mr. Denham."
Prisoner. Q. You came after me about one hundred yards? A. You were two hundred yards from the door when I took you - I said in the first instance, that you had robbed me of seven sovereigns, as I thought you had taken the four from the table - I did not say you had taken two - you did not give me a sovereign for what you took from the drawer.
COURT. Q. Are you certain you left fifteen sovereigns in the drawer? A. Yes; I am confident I did - I had not seen the prisoner before, but he addressed me as if he had known me for years.


                  ANN 
                  DENHAM
               



            . I am the prosecutor's daughter. I remember the prisoner coming in and asking for a sovereign of that coinage - my father showed him the four on the table - he turned them over and said, there was not one of the kind he wanted - he then asked my father to look into his drawer, and he followed him into the room - he then came out again, went to the table and said, "Here is one" - he took up a sovereign and threw down another, and went out - I thought the one he threw down was bad, but it was not.


                  JOHN 
                  DEAN
               



             (police-constable C 14.) I was on duty that evening in Regent-street - the prisoner was given into my charge at Mr. Denham's house - I found three sovereigns in one of his waistcoat pockets, and three sovereigns and a half and some silver in his other pockets - these are the three sovereigns.
Prisoner. This policeman would come and sit between me and my solicitor, because he wanted to make up a tale, and when he took me he said he would tear my trousers off my back. Witness. It was by the magistrate's order that I went and sat by him, because he would not give his name - when I took him he resisted very much, and he took up this pair of scissors and made an incision in his neck.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
