





1168. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RANDALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of July
, 1 pair of shoes, value 7s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Halfyard
                        




                     
                  , and that he had before been convicted of felony
            .


                  JAMES 
                  GRIBBLE
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live at No. 53, William-street, Regent's-park. On the 2nd of July I was employed at Mr. Halfyard's, cutting out work, but between twelve and one o'clock a gentleman called on me on my own business, and I saw the prisoner come off the step of Mr. Halfyard's door with a pair of shoes in his hand, which I had cut out and made myself - he was a stranger - the shoes had been in the window; he could not take them without going into the shop - I was standing outside, talking to a gentleman; I thought he had bought them, but next morning I understood they were missing - he had been in the course of the same day to be measured for a pair of shoes, and afterwards came back and stole these - next morning they told me a pair of shoes were missing - they said me the prisoner lived at No. 7, Clarence-gardens; I went there, and told him I had come for the pair of shoes he had taken from Mr. Halfyard's the day before - he said he had seen no shoes - I said, "Yes, I saw you with a pair in your hand, which I made myself" - he said, he had not - I said, "I can swear it, and you must consider yourself as my prisoner" - he then cried, and said, "I did take them; a big boy, who was waiting outside, persuaded me to go back and steal them" - I took him back to Mr. Half-yard's, who insisted upon knowing where they were - he took me to Albany-street, to a boy named Stevens, where I found them - these are the shoes.
Prisoner. I did not go back and take them - I had them instead of a pair I was measured for, and I paid for them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELISHA CARTER
               



            . I am a policeman. I received the prisoner in charge with Stevens - Randall told me voluntarily that he had stolen the shoes - he said he did not mean to keep them.
Prisoner. I was in a situation as footman, and the policeman gave me a bad character - I said I had bought them; not that I stole them.


                  FREDERICK 
                  CALLIMORE
               



            . I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I obtained from Clerkenwell Sessions-House, from the clerk of the peace, (read) - I was a witness against him; he is the person.
Prisoner's Defence. I went into the shop between two and three o'clock, and was measured for a pair of shoes - Mr. Halfyard showed me these; and said, would I have them instead; I said I would, and I paid for them.



               GUILTY
            * - Aged 16.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
