






379. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BERINGER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BELL
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of December
, 20 lbs. of bacon, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Lettice 
                     King
                  




               
            .
LETTICE KING. I live in North-street, Bethnal-green


, and am a widow
 - I keep a cheesemonger's-shop
. On the night of the 7th of December I was in the room adjoining my shop; the door was wide open - the prisoner Beringer, I think, came in, and asked for a quarter of an ounce of tobacco: his voice exactly corresponds, and his dress is the same - I stooped down to serve him, and when I got up he was gone with my bacon; I had not seen it removed -I followed, and saw the person who had been in my shop joined by another person; I followed two persons, both running down Scott-street, leading into Hare-street-fields- I then fell down, and lost sight of them: I then called Stop thief! the weight of the bacon was 20 lbs.
Beringer. I never entered the shop. Witness. Yes, you are the person who asked for the tobacco; there was no one in the shop but you - I am confident you are the lad.


                  JAMES 
                  WARING
               



            . I was near the shop on this night; I saw Beringer looking through the window - I went into a house opposite; there were two men with Beringer - I came into the street afterwards, and heard Mrs. King give an alarm, about a quarter before nine o'clock; my attention was directed to Scott-street - when Beringer was brought back, he said at first that he knew nothing about it, but when he saw me, he said I could not prove that he had it; he said he had not been in the street - I said, "Was not you here when I came up?" and then he acknowledged he was in the street.
Beringer. It is in my way home: Waring was on the other side - I said, "Good night," and he went up to his master's. Witness. He said to me, "Halloo! Cock-tail, there you are."


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEST
               



            . I was passing the shop on the night in question, about a quarter or twenty minutes to nine o'clock; I saw Tommy Roundhead (Beringer) go into the shop, and Bell and another man were waiting at the door; I am confident of the two prisoners' persons - I knew them both before.


                  MICHAEL 
                  DAY
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I apprehended Beringer in Masser-street, Waterloo-town, a little beyond Scott-street; I said to him, "Tommy Roundhead, I want you for stealing some bacon, a quarter of an hour ago, in North-street:" he said, "North-street, I have not been there these two hours;" I took him back, and Mrs. King said he was the man.


                  ANN 
                  HUBBARD WILDING
               



            . I was at my sister's, Mrs. King's, in North-street; I saw Beringer come into the shop, take the bacon, and go out.
Beringer. Q. Did you not say you could not swear that I entered the shop? A. No - I know you was theboy, but I did not attend at Worship-street: I was too much alarmed.
Beringer's Defence. I had been at work all day; I pass the shop every night, and the Policeman knows that I pass him regularly.
BERINGER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BELL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
