




2165. 



HENRY WARE
 was again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
24th of January, 21 hats, value 10l.; and 21 hat-boxes, value 3s. 6d.; the goods of 




John Quincey Harris, his master; and 





JANE WARE



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; to which Henry Ware pleaded




GUILTY
. 


Transported for Seven Years.





WILLIAM WRIGHT
. The prisoner Henry was in the employ of Mr. Harris—the other prisoner is his mother—she knew he was in our employ—I never saw her near our place.





JOHN BOOKER
. I am shopman to Mr. Dempster, pawnbroker, Union street, Borough. I produce some hats—I can identify the female prisoner as pawning one of them on the 11th of May—she said it belonged to her son—she did not describe who he was—I advanced 4s. on it.





JAMES LOCKYER
. I am servant to Mr. Morrison, of Blackfriars-road. On the 10th of March the female prisoner pawned a hat at our shop, an other on the 10th of April, another on the 9th of June, and another on the 9th of May—the first she brought I took no notice of—when she brought the next, I said, "Did not I take a hat of you before?"—she said, "Yes, it was a hat my son bought—it did not fit him, and he sold the duplicate"—I thought the other hats might be the same one redeemed, and taken in again, but I found we had four in our possession afterwards.





JOHN QUINCEY HARRIS
. The female prisoner knew her son was living with me, and that I was hatter by trade.





SOPHIA COLE
. I produce a hat which the female prisoner pawned on the 2nd of March, for 5s.—she said she brought it from her son—I live in Waterloo-road.





JOSEPH PARKER
. I live with Mr. Dickens, of Lambeth-marsh. I have a hat which was pawned in February, for 3s.—I cannot swear it was by the female prisoner, but I have known her bringing hats, for the last three months, repeatedly, and I have refused to take them in.

Jane Ware's Defence. My son brought them home, and told me he bought them wholesale, and paid so much a-week out of his wages—I said, "If you got them dishonestly, tell me the truth"—he said, "Mother, I got them honestly.

MR. HARRIS
re-examined. We now and then let our people take out hats to sell on their own account, but it is not our common practice—it is not likely out of the prisoner's earnings of 7s. a week he could pay it—she knew he had only 7s. a week—we did not board him—he lived with his mother, and she boarded him—the hats are worth 10s. each, cost price—he has had about two hats from me in six or eight months, and paid for them at 2s. a week.

JANE WARE—


GUILTY
. Aged 50.—



Confined Twelve Months.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
