



1393. 




CARLTON WILLIAM CAMPLIN
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM SPENCER JOHNSON
. I am a printer, and live in Nassau-street, Soho. The prisoner was a lawyer's clerk—I had only known him a short time—he caled on me the latter end of last August, and said that he was out of employ, that his friends were respectable, and that he had an uncle in Ireland who had befriended him often, but that he, had displeased and he would not do any thing more for him—he asked me to take him in for three weeks, he expected to receive a remittance from his uncle—that he had correspondence with him, and they were quite reconciled—he asked me to give him board and lodging—I received him into my house and himlodging, food, and every thing, for about three months—Aemanpt get a situation which he said he was looking for; and one evening I said to him, "Roche, your uncle does not appear to come forward, and while I am employed in-doors, perhaps you will collect some sums of money which are due to me, as it is necessary you should do something if you can to assist me, you being an additional expense," the time I had consented to take him in being expired—he replied, that he should see his uncle the following week, and he had no doubt his uncle would discharge the debt, meaning the sums of money I had lent him—he said he would collect and do any thing for me in the interim, till such time as his uncle got him a situation and he did so until the month of March—he brought me several sums of money correctly, which he had received from my customers—from this time up to the time I discovered something wrong, this arrangement con-tinued—I told him on the 12th or 13th of March to call for 8l. 11s. at the Queen's Theatre, on Mr. Salter on Saturday—I gave him an invoice with the amount—he Continued after this till thee 14th of March and then left—I did not see him again till the discovery was Roberts and Mr. Mori were customers of mine—I had directed him to receive money from

them—he never accounted to me for 22s. received from Roberts, nor 30s. from Mori—in consequence pf suspicions I entertained, I made inquiry of Mr. Salter touching the 8l. 11s., and then caused search to be made for the prisoner—I was present on the 13th of March, when he was taken custody at the Bedford Hotel by Keys, who found 3l. 7s. on him, said that was all he had left from the 8l. 11s.

Prisoner. Q. Was there an agreement by which I engaged to become your clerk, or by which or by which you engaged to give me any stipulated salary? A. No.; there was no such agreement—I certainly considered you as my clerk I or servant—the remuneration you had was clothing, board, and lodging.

COURT. Q. In how many instances did he bring you money collected from your customers? A. About twenty—he did so regularly and daily—he handed me the money—I always furnished him with a bill of parcels—I employed no other person in that capacity—during the time he has lected, under 40l.—I lent him money from time to time, altogether about 7l.—it was previous to was previpus to his collecting money that I lent him money or sup-plied him with clothes—I supplied him with a pair of Wellington afterwards—I paid for them—he collected money every day for several months.





THOMAS ROBERTS
. I am a schoolmaster. I was a customer of Mr. Johnson's—I received this bill, and the prisoner called on me for payment—I on the 21st of October I paid him 7s. on account of it, and on the January 3s., on the 30th 3s., on the 13th February 2s. 6d., on the 2s. 6d., on the 7th of March 2s. 6d., and on the 13th 1s. 6d., making 1l. 2s.—he wrote the amount on the bill, and put his initials to each payment.





WILLIAM HART OLIVIA
. I am in the service of Messrs. Mori, music-sellers, Bond-street, who are customers of Mr. Johnson, On the 14th of March I paid the prisoner 7l. on Mr. Johnson's account—I paid him on I the 4th of March 5l., and on the 7th of March 7l.—these payments are I contained in the account—J have no stamp receipt.

MR. JOHNSON. On the 7th of March the prisoner accounted; to me for 5l. 10s. out of the 7l. received on the 4th. FREDERICK SALTER. I live in Cromer-street, Brunswick-square, and am a theatrical performer. On the 16th of March I paid the prisoner 8l. 11s. and took a stamp receipt for it—(read.)





FRANCIS KEYS
. I am officer of Bow-street. I appregebded the prisoner, on the 18th of March, at an hotel in Covent-garden. 1 searched I him—Mr. Johnson had previously given me a sovereign and 3s., which I he said he had taken from him, and the prisoner said that was all the money he had got; but I found a purse in his coat pocket with I three, sovereigns and is. more—he then said it was part of the money, and I he begged Mr. Johnson would forgive him—I said, "You, had better hold your tongue; you must go before the Magistrate."

Prisoner's Defence. It is not my intention to dispute the moral turp I tude of the offence—I admit, to the full extent, the kindness I have received; but with respect to the agreement between us, I received no wages; and, with deferece to your lordship I submit that the indictment I cannot be sustained.

COURT to MR. JOHNSON. Q. If he had declined to collect the money, should I you have still gone on keeping him? A. I do not thing.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for seven Years.
