



2341. 




MATILDA JANE UNDERWOOD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of October, at 

St. Pancras, 5 sovereigns, 1 crown, 4 half-crowns, 80 shillings, 10 sixpences, 60 pence, and 120 halfpence, the monies of 



John Atkins, her master, in his dwelling-house.






JOHN ATKINS
. I keep the Crown beer-shop in Clarence-gardens, Regent's Park. The prisoner was in my service for one week—I missed her on the morning of the 6th of October, and missed a cash-box containing 10l. 10s.—there were five sovereigns, one crown-piece, four half-crowns, eighty shillings, ten sixpences, sixty penny-pieces, and the rest in halfpence—the coppers were in a pint pot inside the cash-box—the silver and gold was in a half-pint pot—the box must have been unlocked by a false key—I found it unlocked, and had left it locked—I found the prisoner at Kensington-barracks, with some soldiers, on the Sunday evening—I said, "Jane, I am sorry to see you in this situation, how came you to rob me?"—she sad she had robbed me, and she was very sorry for it—I did not state what she had robbed me of.





GEORGE PEARSON
. I am a private in the 2nd Life Guards, stationed at Regent's Park barracks. I assisted the prosecutor in finding the prisoner—she said she had robbed him, and was sorry for it, that she had a good place—the prosecutor said, "Jane, tell me the truth how you got to the box?"—she said, "The box was open—he said, "I know it was locked, tell me how you got at it"—she said, "I have told you a lie; I found the

key on the shelf, and opened the box, and took out the money"—he asked what she did with the pot—she said she had left it on a step between the house and Trinity Church.





WILLIAM WILSON
 (police-constable S 35.) The prisoner was brought to me, and I took her to the station-house—I asked her about the robbery—she said she had robbed the prosecutor, and very well knew what she should receive—all I found on her was two farthings—she said she took the pot the cash was in, and left it on a gentleman's door between there and Trinity Church—I asked what she had done with the money—she said she had spent it—she was apprehended on the 8th of October—she said she had only one sovereign left, and that was at her lodging in Westminster, but she could not tell me where the lodging was.




GUILTY
.* Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.
