





2034. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of July
, at St. Martin in the Fields, 3 coats, value 4l.; 2 1/4 yards of cloth, value 1l.; 4 pairs of trousers, value 3l., and 1 bag, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Walter
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .
THOMAS MOORE. I am in the employ of John Walter, a tailor
, at No. 415, Strand, in the parish of St. Martin in the Fields


. On Wednesday, the 25th of July, about ten minutes to eight o'clock, I was opening his shop, and as I took the shutters round into the court - I did not see the prisoner go into our shop, but he came out with four pairs of trousers, three coats, and two yards and a quarter of blue cloth under his right arm; he walked out; but when he saw me running after him he ran up New Exchange-court, and threw them down - I still followed him, laid hold of his coat, and kept him till a gentleman came; he lifted his hand, and attempted to strike me, but never got away - the things are worth more than 8l.
Prisoner. Q. Did I throw the things down before you came up to me? A. Yes; he dropped them, and ran up the court - I caught him in Heathcock-court, about a dozen yards from the Strand - it is a throughfare.


                  FRANCIS 
                  LITTLE
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was called in when the prisoner was taken - I took him into custody in New Exchange-court, at a public-house door, and found the clothes.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down the court, and met the young man; he charged me with the robbery - I said he could go and fetch a Policeman; I stopped there five minutes while he went, and if guilty of a robbery I should not have stopped.


                  THOMAS 
                  MOORE
               



            . A man held him while I went.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
