





2298. 




NORBRUTH DOLUBOWSKI,



 KAZIMIERY SZEZYGIELSKI
, and 




AUGUST PIOTROWSKI
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
29th of September, at 

St. George, 1 trunk, value 30s.; 1 watch, value 2l. 10s.; 1 watch-key, value 10s.; 7 coats, value 18l.; 2 pairs of trowsers, value 30s.; 3 pairs of boots, value 4l.; 1 skin of leather, value 2l.; 16 shirts, value 5l. 10s.; 4 waistcoats, value 1l. 8s.; 17 handkerchiefs, value 1l.; 16 collars, value 16s.; 12 socks, value 12s.; 1 cap, valued; 3 stocks, value 3s.; 3 pairs of drawers, value 15s.; 4 bags, value 16s.; 2 pistols, value 2l.; 1 knife, value 5s.; 4 pipes, value 1l. 12s.; 3 buttons, vine 3s.; 3 printed books, value 15s.; 1 belt, value 10s.; 2 brushes, value 2s.; 2 razors, value 10s.; 3 pen-holders, value 2s.; 10 foreign silver dollars, value 2s. 6d. each; 1 foreign silver dollars, value 3s. 6d.; 1 fifty-dollar Russian note; 30 Prussian five-dollar notes; and 11 one-dollar notes; the goods and monies of 



Joseph Strebeyko, in the dwelling-house of 



Jane Ruddiman.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH STREBEYKO
 (through an interpreter.) I am a Pole. I arrived in this country on the 25th of September, and landed in the Commercial Dock—I first saw the three prisoners on the 26th—when I passed by them they asked me whether I was a Pole—I said, "Yes"—T said 1 had arrived in England quite a stranger, without knowing the language of the country, and should like to find somebody who would assist me—I had a trunk with me, which was on board the ship—I told the prisoners I had things on board the ship—they were all three together—I made an appointment to meet them next day, and we went to dine together—I do not know the place where we dined, being a stranger—after dining together it was too late for me to go on board the ship, and they proposed for me to stay and take a bed, and I slept with them at their lodging—they all three went with me to the ship on the 28th, and fetched my things away from the Commercial Dock, and they were taken to their lodging—I knew they lodged there the first night I slept with Dolubowski, the second night with Szezygielski and the third I did not sleep with them, but in Seymour-place—on the 29th we went together to the literary Polish Association—Dolubowski went up stairs with me, and the other two remained below—we then came down, and I requested them to stay there awhile, and I went up by myself to make some inquiry about some papers—when I went up stairs I learnt that they were suspicious characters, and on coming down again they were gone—I went home to their lodging at five o'clock, and my trunk and the prisoners were gone, and a watch which had been on a shelf in the room there was a pocket-book in my trunk with notes of the Bank of Prussia' about 245 Prussian dollars and ten sillers—there were two dress coats, two pairs of trowsers, and two large coats—I saw the prisoners searched at station-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE
Q. When you met them the first time, did they ask you if you were a Pole? A. Dolubowski was the first that asked me—I knew Dolubowski before, and his family, because they lived not far from me in Poland—I did not know Piotrowski—I am quite sure Dolubowski was the first who asked me if I was a Pole—I did not

at first know it was Dolubowski, but on looking at him I recognised his features—I was a Polish officer before I came to this country—I was in the Lancers, in the service of my own country—I ceased to be an officer in 1831, at the close of the Polish war.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Was not Dolubowski also an officer or a soldier? A. I did not see him in the service, but learnt afterwards in London from him that he had been in the army—I did not know Szezygielski—I am ready to swear I did not know him in Poland—I never saw him in Poland or any where, before I came to London—I never borrowed any money of either of the prisoners before I came to London—Szezygielski never asked me, after I came here, to pay some money which I had borrowed of him—he never said a word about my owing him money—I did not know any thing about Szezygielski except afterwards, when I knew him here—I was obliged to leave Prussia—I have served in the National Army.

MR. DOANE. Q. Did not you receive your property back again when they ascertained what they had done was contrary to the law of England? A. I have not got it back—it is at the police-office—I have not got the duplicates for the things—they did not give me any paper or ticket to enable me to know where the property was, and I have not got them now.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you ever owe any of these men any money in jour own country, or any where? A. Never.





FRACHIS PATIENT
. I live in Backchurch-lane, Whitechapel. On Friday, the 29th of September, I went to the Cherry-tree public-house, Back-lane, about ten minutes after three o'clock in the afternoon, and saw all the three prisoners there—there was no trunk there—I went with them to No. 8, North East-passage, which leads out of Cable-street into Well close-square—when I got there there was a trunk and a bundle—I brought the trunk down stairs myself, and they brought the bundle down to the street door, while I took the trunk down the passage to put it into the truck—I took the trunk and bundle to the King's-head public-house, at the corner of Tower-street, Tower-hill—all the three prisoners accompanied me—Szezygielski paid me 2s. for the job—he asked if I was satisfied, and I said, "Yes"—he said he was going to France, that he had got a brother there, and he was in particular haste—I have seen the trunk which was before the Magistrate, and is here to-day—it is the very same—the lock was on it when I took it, and when I saw it before the Magistrate it was broken open—they did not speak English to me—I did not understand their mode of speaking very well.





ISAAC JOHN ISAACS
. I am a fireman, and live in Wellclose-square. On the 29th of September I saw the trunk brought out of the alley by the prisoners, and put into the truck—I saw a bill offering 5l. reward, and on Saturday morning I saw Szezygielski with Dolubowski, who ran away I took Szezygielski into custody—I sent my fellow-servant for a Policeman, and pursued him down Cable-street—Kay came up, and I gave him into custody—they used all three to come and speak to me at the station-house—Szezygielski spoke very good English—the others did not talk quite so plainly, but I could understand every word Szezygielski said.





THOMAS KAY
 (police-constable H 101.) I received Szezygielski in charge from Isaacs, about nine o'clock, on the 30th of September—I took him to the station-house, searched him, and found three sovereigns, 35s. in silver seventeen pieces of foreign coin, and 9 1/2d. in copper; a bag, a

pipe, and three duplicates of property, claimed by the prosecutor, also a watch-key, and a pocket-book, containing sundry papers, some of which the prosecutor identifies—he claims the watch-key also.





WILLIAM DICKENSON
 (police-constable H 11.) I apprehended Dolubowski in a room at the Old King's Head, Old Change, on the 30th about half-past ten o'clock at night—I took him to the station-house—I found 4l. 8s. 6d. on him, all in English money, and eight foreign coins besides—and in his room I found a box, some pistols, and a knife found a pair of boots, a shirt, and a stock on him at the station-house—the prosecutor claimed them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You knew nothing of them before? A. No.





THOMAS CUMMINS
. I am a police-sergeant. I apprehended Piotrowski in North East-passage, Wellclose-square—as he was going down stairs, he said he was bad in his bowels, and asked leave to go to the water-closet—I let him go—I then took him to the station-house, searched biro, and found 9s. 10d. in silver, 1s. 2d. in copper, and some small foreign coin, and a pocket handkerchief which the prosecutor identities—I returned to the house, searched the water-closet, and found two foreign pipes, a Russian rouble, and a quarter-rouble, and a parcel of begging letters, one of them with the name of Lord Dudley Stuart on it—I went next day with Dickenson to the same house, and found a tobacco-pipe in a basket covered with cabbage-leaves, hanging from the staircase—I found this smelling bottle and brush in a trunk.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you know either of them before? A. Yes, all three—I have had conversations with Szezygielski—I have bid him the time of day, as I knew him before—I believe they have been in this country about two years—I believe all three of then, and several others I know—I always considered them as Polish refugees—I searched Piotrowski, at the station-house, on Sunday, and took off his person two shirts, two pairs of drawers, two socks, and a pair of boots, all of which the prosecutor claimed—on Szezygielski I found a shirt, a front, a breast-pin, and two pairs of drawers—they were wearing them-we took them out of the cell on Sunday morning—the prosecutor identified all the property on the prisoners—I know persons do sometimes wear two shirts.





WILLIAM HENRY THOMAS
. I am an assistant at the Bullion-office, Cornhill. On the Saturday, previous to my going to the office, I remember three persons coming to the counting-house—I can be positive of Szezygielski being one of them, and imagine the others to be the same, but could not swear to them—Szezygielski offered for sale some Prussian notes, amounting to eighty-six dollars—I purchased them, and there were nine dollars in silver—I paid him 11l. 17s. 6d. in English money—I produce the notes which I received from him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Are you quite sure of Szezygielski? A. I have not a doubt of him—I never saw him before—I recollect his face very well—his face cannot escape my recollection he was the spokesman—I am certain of him.





WILLIAM WRIGHT
. I am a clothes salesman, and live in Stacey street, Seven-dials. On Saturday morning, the 30th of September, between eight and nine o'clock, the prisoners, Szezygielski and Piotrowski, came together and asked me whether I bought second-hand clothes—Szezygielaski asked me the question—I knew they were foreigners, but I could understand

them very well—I asked if they were foreign clothes—they said they were—I asked whether they were their own property—they said they were, and if I would go with them to their lodging I might see them—I went with them to their lodging at the Nag's Head, James-street, Coventgarden, and saw Dolubowski lying on the bed with his clothes on—they were all three together in the room then—there were some clothes lying on the floor—they pointed to them, and said that was what they wanted to tell as they were going abroad—they consisted of morning coats and other costs—there were five coats sound and whole, and one ripped to pieces, a cloak, two pairs of trowsers, and a yard and a half of red cloth—Szezygielski asked me 3l. for them—I gave him 2l.—Szezygielski took the money—on the Monday afternoon the policeman brought Szezygielski H sod the prosecutor to my shop, and I knew him—I gave up to the policeman the property I had bought of them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You knew them to be foreigners? A. Yes—I did not know whether they were Poles—I am not a foreigner myself—I bought the things very fair—I think the things worth Il—I believe they would not fetch 2l. 10l. by the hammer—they are all foreign things—I gave plenty for them.





THOMAS WINDSOR ALLEN
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Clare-street, Clare-market. I produce a silver watch which was pawned on the 29th of September for 12s., by Szezygielski—I have seen a duplicate profaced by Dickenson which corresponds with it—the other prisoners were standing in the shop by the side of him at the time, a little back—he made inquiry whether I would purchase a Polish dollar—I said, No," and directed him to the Strand where they could sell them.

Cross-examined. Q. You are not certain of the men? A. Yes, I am I certain of all three men.





WILLIAM JAMES DAVIS
. I am shopmanto Mr. Jerrom, a pawnbroker, in Union-street. On the 30th of September all the three prisoners came to the shop, and offered to pawn the skin of an elk and a hunting bag—I was in the shop when 10s. was advanced on the things—the duplicate produced by the officer corresponds with the things.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You advanced more than the value? A. Master's brother advanced the money—it was a fair price they all three came into the shop.





JANE RUDDIMAN
. I am a widow, and keep the house, No. 8, North East-passage, Wellclose-square. The prisoners Dolubowski and Szezygielski lodged with me—I recollect the prosecutor sleeping two nights at my house—the three prisoners brought his trunk to my house—I saw them bring it—I did not see it taken away—my house is in the parish of 8t. George.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Is it not in the liberty of Wellclose? A. It is Wellclose-square—I do not know that it is called the liberty of the Tower—I never heard it called Wellclose liberty—it is st. George's East—I have known the prisoners nearly six months—they ways behaved themselves very honourably and very respectably—I never saw a wrong thing about them.





THOMAS CUMMINS

re-examined. The parish is St. George's East—we generally book cases from there, as from St. George's East—I believe the night name is St. George only.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Do you not know the precinct of Wellclose is a separate district altogether? A. I do not know whether this is in the

precinct or not—they sometimes try cases there, but sometimes send them to Clerkenwell and the Old Bailey—there is a Tower Sessions held I do not know that Mrs. Ruddiman's house is in the precinct—it is close by.





JOSEPH STEBEYKO

re-examined. I have seen all the articles, and they are all my property—I do not recollect the numbers of the notes, but I know some of them—one is a fifty dollar one—it is torn in two pieces and a bit of paper joined it—I had notes of this description—I have seen the articles of wearing apparel—they are mine.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you never hear Dolubowski say you owed him money? A. Never—nor Szezygielski either—I did not borrow 500 roubles of one of them—I do not know Szezygielski's family.

DOLUBOWSKI—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.)

SZEZYGIELSKI—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.)

PIOTROWSKI—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.)
of Larceny only





Transported for Seven Years.
