






1172. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     STERN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of May

, 2 bushels of beans, bran, and chaff, mixed together, value 18d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gardner
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ROWE
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , against the Statute, & c.


                  JOHN 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I am a farmer
, and live at Mile-end



- Stern was in my employ, and had the care of my horses
; from their appearance I thought he had not done them justice. On the 17th of May I watched him out with the cart - he went about five hundred yards from my yard, and pulled up to a wateringhouse - he had some provender with him; I went to the Police-station to obtain assistance - I then went, and opened the bin, which was under Stern's lock; he had one key and I another - I saw the bran beans, and chaff, which he had for his horses; I put some marked brown paper among it - I directed the Police to send two men the next morning; here are the papers which have my hand-writing on them, and this is some of the same sort of stuff as was in the bin.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. When were these bits put in? A. About ten o'clock at night, on the 17th - I cannot tell what day of the week it was; I believe Tuesday - my son saw me put them in, but he is not here; this bag, is a nose-bag, Stern should have fed my horses out of this bag - the horses would eat these papers if they came in contact with their teeth; I have about twenty men in my employ, each man has a key to his own corn-bin - there is no corn-bin which has more than two keys, that I know of; I have no reason to believe that Stern knew I had a key to his bin - he ought to keep his own; no other man has access to his bin, to my knowledge - I cannot say whether the key of one bin may fit another; this is bran, split beans, and chaff - there may be a little coarse pollard in it; there is no corn to my knowledge - I can speak to it by the bits of paper found in my nose-bag; there is no paper among it now - they were taken from it in a box in the publican's stable; this is my bag - I have a full recollection of marking these papers - there is a letter and a figure on each; if you tell me one I will tell you the other - here is G. A., that is 30 - here is G. H., that is 35; I took this precaution to detect it.
COURT. Q. Are you quite sure the marks are your hand-writing? A. Yes; I made them between ten and eleven o'clock that night.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On Monday, night, the 17th, the prosecutor applied to me, and on Tuesday morning, the 18th, I went down Mileend-road, between five and six o'clock - I waited for Stern coming out with his cart: he came out with two nose-bags on the shafts full of something, but I did not know what; a young man was with me - we followed the cart, and saw him drive up the yard of the Plough, which is in the road, with the nose-bags on the shafts - I told Ashford to go, and see what was done with them; he returned in about a minute, and said they were taken away- we then went after Stern as he drove towards Bow; we brought him back, and asked what he had done with what was in the bags - he said he had nothing in them; we went into the stable at the Plough, and in a bin we saw a quantity of chaff, bran, and beans, mixed - I sent to the prosecutor, who came and said, "If it is mine you will find some bits of paper wrapped up, with numbers and letters on them;" Rowe was present - he is the ostler at the Plough; we found four bits of paper in the chaff, and one in the manger, which Mr. Kemp's horse was feeding out of - Kemp keeps the Plough.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you brought any sample of chaff to satisfy the Jury that these papers were in it? A. No; I took them out, and brought them here - our inspectors told us to go disguised; we had blue coats on, not those we generally wear - when Stern came out of the prosecutor's, the bags were strapped on the shafts of the cart; the Plough is about two hundred yards from the prosecutor's - I saw the bags were full; I cannot say what of - there were two or three persons when I foundthese papers; none of them are here - Mr. Gardner saw me find them; I took up no one but Rowe - Ashford brought in another person, who I believe was charged with the offence - he was brought from the public-house into the stable; I took Rowe, because Ashford said he took the nose-bag off the shaft.
WILLIAM ASHFORD. I went with Mitchell from Mr. Gardner's to the Plough yard - there were two nose-bags on the near shaft: I went down the yard, because Mitchell was known - one bag was then gone from the shaft, and the other I saw Rowe take off and carry into the stable; I do not know where he put it - the cart was between me and the stable; a man came out of the stable with him, in a white frock - I then followed the cart towards Bow; this was about six o'clock or soon after - we brought Stern back, and then I sent Mitchell to take Rowe and the man in a white frock; he took Rowe, but the man in a white frock I could not be certain of.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you tell Mitchell you wanted a man in a white frock? A. Yes, but I could not swear to him - I did not take him into custody; I took him into the stable with the two prisoners, and set him down - when we were going to bring them away I put the handcuffs on the prisoners; I said I could not be sure of the other - I did not seize Perry: I called him out of the tap-room, took him by the arm, and said, "Now you go into the stable along with the rest;" I cannot say how long I detained him - I did not charge him as being the man who took off the nose-bag; I said he came out of the stable with the Ostler.
Rowe's Defence. I think it a very hard case to be taken away, when I was taking off a bundle of tares from the man's cart - then Mitchell came and collared me; he demanded the key of the stable - I refused to give it, and they took it from me.
MR. CLARKSON called -


                  JOHN 
                  PERRY
               



            . I was at the Plough that morning; Ashford came and ordered me out - I had two bundles of tares to carry down into the stable; I took one, and called Rowe to take the other - I suppose that was the reason why I was seized; I was kept in the stable about twenty minutes - I said, "I will go and get my breakfast;" he said,"You stay there, and don't be obstinate;" he did not tell me he was an officer.
Stern's Defence. When they came to me I was half a mile from the public-house - Ashford jumped into the cart, and told me to stop; he asked where my victuals for the horses was - I said in the sack; he then asked where the corn was that should be in the nose-bags - I said I had not put any in.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ASHFORD
               



            . I got into the cart after it left the public-house.
STERN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ROWE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
